para-0000	Hello , Sir . So , you are back ?	Yes , hello again . I would like to know the exact difference between Dividend Deposit and Dividend Participated Deposit .	That's pretty easy to explain . With the Deposit , the interest is fixed , but the Dividend of each policy will be transferred automatically into your bank account by the end of each year . The longer the term , the higher the Dividend you earn . This is because it is calculated at the Compound Interest Rate .
para-0001	What kind of place shall we rent ?	It should be close to the university . Neither of us are good at getting up in the mornings and closer it is , the later we can get up .	Absolutely . That's the most important thing to take into consideration . I'm not too worried about the size of the flat .	Neither am I . So a small place is ok , but we'll get a bigger one if it's not expensive . Do you mind if it's in a noisy area ?	I don't mind . i'm not a light sleeper , but quieter is better for when we have to study at home .	Good point . Ok , let's go to the estate agent and see what they can offer us .
para-0002	Let's play chess .	I haven't played chess for a long time .	That's all right , I'm a beginner . I've just learnt how to play .	Look , there's a chessboard . Those two men have already finished playing .
para-0003	Excuse me . Do you have the time ?	My watch is a few minutes fast . It's about six forty , I think .	Is it ? Oh , no . The concert will begin in twenty minutes . Are we too late to get there ?
para-0004	I give up ! I simply can't learn French !	Why do you say that ? I think you're making a lot of progress .	No , I'm not . I try and try and I still can't speak it very well .	Learning any language takes a lot of effort.But don't give up . Why don't we practise those dialogues together ?
para-0005	It's hard to be optimistic about things with the way the economy's headed ... The trade deficit is getting larger , consumption's down , I really think we're headed for a recession .	The economy has been stagnant for a while now . We've been in a recessive state for several months already . What worries me the most is the trade deficit . I think the government should do more to encourage exports .	Increasing exports would weaken the currency . I think the main point is economic growth . We need more jobs . Factories have outsourced and moved many jobs to foreign countries . The result is an increase in unemployment in our own country , lower consumption , lower production , and an overall feeble economy . If more people are working , it will give the economy a boost .	It's true that we should do something about unemployment , but what about inflation ? If unemployment falls , there's pressure to increase pay . That would result in inflation , which would result in a much less dynamic economy .
para-0006	Hey Suzie . Guess what ? I'm having a baby !	Really ? That's so great . Congratulations .	Thanks . I'm so excited . We've been trying for 8 months now .	That's really exciting . How many months are you pregnant ?	Three months .	Are you going to find out if it is a boy or a girl ?	I want to , but Bob doesn't . He wants to be surprised like the old fashioned way .
para-0007	Good morning . My name is Mr . Brown . I ’ m from Australia . Here is my card .	Thank you . I ’ m pleased to meet you , Mr . Brown . My name is Kathy Pewless , the representative of Green Textile Import and Export Corporation .	Pleased to meet you too , Ms . Pewless . I travel a lot every year on business , but this is my first visit to your country . I must say I have been much impressed by your friendly people .	Thank you for saying so . Have you seen the exhibition halls ? On display are most of our products , such as silk , woolen knitwear , cotton piece goods , and garments .	Oh , yes . I had a look yesterday . I found some of the exhibits to be fine in quality and beautiful in design . The exhibition has successfully displayed to me what your corporation handles . I ’ Ve gone over the catalogue and the pamphlets enclosed in your last letter . I ’ Ve got some idea of your exports . I ’ m interested in your silk blouses .	Our silk is known for its good quality . It is one of our trade - trional exports . Silk blouses are brightly colored and beau - fully designed . They ’ Ve met with great favor overseas and are always in great demand .
para-0008	Hello , thank you for calling Bradford and Sons . This is Tracy speaking , How may I help you ?	Hello . I would like to speak to your director of human resources , Ms.Jenkins , Please .	Just a moment . I'll check to see if she is at her desk.May I tell her who is calling ?	This is Bill Burton from Milford Insurance , I'm calling in regards to our meeting next Tuesday .	Thank you , Mr.Burton.Can you please hold for a moment ? I'll check to see if she is available .
para-0009	How are the children doing at sport ?	I ’ m very pleased with their performances . Timmy can cover the 100 meters in 12 seconds . That ’ s very fast for a kid his age .	He ’ s not very good at the long jump though , is he ?	He ’ s not bad . He can jump a distance of over four meters . I think he just prefers running to jumping . Jimmy ’ s very good at the high jump . He can jump over two meters . Again , that ’ s fine for someone his age .	Two meters ? That means that the high jump bar is above his head ! Are any of them good at long-distance running ?	The longest race we run is the 1500 meters . A few of the boys and one girls can do it in less than five minutes .	How are they at swimming ?	They ’ re ok . I ask them to swim 500 meters each day . That ’ s 20 lengths of the swimming pool . They ’ re not very fast , but that ’ s ok . I just want them to build their strength up and keep in shape .	Kate is very good at diving from a height of 10 meters .
para-0010	Look ! Mom , that's amazing ! I can't believe the girls have so neat movements .	Yeah , they all received very strict training . A minute on the stage takes ten-year practice .	And all their movements are so elegant . It seems like dancing in the water .
para-0011	Morning , Peter . Nice suit ! A new one ?	Oh , yes . My wife bought it for me yesterday . Hmm , you look nice in that yellow dress . Yellow suits you really well .	Maybe . Several people have suggested that I get more yellow clothes . They say the color suits me because I have a fair complexion .
para-0012	Hello , Daisy , how are you doing ?	Fine , thank you . I haven ’ t seen you for quite some time . What have you been up to recently ?	I have been spending a lot of time watching movies at home , so you wouldn't have seen me . Recently , I've been obsessed with horror films .	Oh , how can you be infatuated with horror films ? They're so scary .
para-0013	I was wondering if you could help me with something .	Sure , anything you say .	Actually , it ’ s a little bit silly .	Don ’ t worry about it , just ask .	What words do I need to know to buy a pair of shoes ?	You need to know the type of shoes you want .	Don ’ t worry about that . I can point it out in the store .	The shoes can be comfortable or not comfortable , too wide , too narrow , or just right ; and long or short . In girls shoes , the heel can be high or low .	Let me write all that down . I ’ m going shopping this afternoon .
para-0014	May I know where you are going ?	Yes . I want to go to Beijing Hotel .	I'm sorry . You are going in the wrong direction .	Oh no ! What shall I do ?	Don't worry . You can get off at the next stop and go across the street through the overpass . The bus stop is right there .
para-0015	Jeff , look at this listing ! It says there is a cozy studio apartment for rent , and it's only $ 700 per month . What do you think ?	Well I think I can afford that apartment . But are pets allowed ?	Hmm ... let me look . Yes , it says it's a pet-friendly building .
para-0016	What ’ s the problem ? Things are getting out of hand . You keep sticking your nose where it doesn ’ t belong .	What do you mean ?	Now , I am responsible for training new staff , but you keep overriding my authority by trying to pose your methods . I know you are a hotshot college graduate with something to prove . But I don ’ t like your way .
para-0017	Hey Julie , you want to go grab something to eat ?	Sure ! What do you feel like having ?	I really feel like having a big juicy steak !	Oh . OK . I don't eat meat , but that's fine , I am sure wherever we are going they will have other options right ?	I didn't know you were a vegetarian !	I'm not , I am a vegan .	A what ?	A vegan . I don't eat or use any animal based products . I don't wear leather , eat eggs , drink milk or anything that comes from an animal . I used to be a pescatarian before , which basically means you don't eat meat , but still have fish and seafood .	Wow ! That's interesting ! It must be tough !	It's a bit difficult to find vegetarian friendly restaurants sometimes , but since more and more people are vegetarians or vegans nowadays , it's getting a bit less difficult .
para-0018	Hey Stacy . What's going on ?	I'm pretty tired these days .	Why ? You're not working so don't you have a lot of time on your hands ?	I have so much house work to do . I have to take care of the kids , cook , clean , laundry , and the cycle never ends .	How about your husband . Does he help much ?	Not at all . He comes home and complains about his hard day at work . He expects me to do everything . He even wants me to feed him sometimes . Can you believe that ?	That sucks .	If he wasn't so lazy , I think I wouldn't have any complaints . He mows the lawn , but can you believe he tried to convince me to do it ?
para-0019	Good evening , ma'am . Table for one ?	Yes , please .	Will this table be all right ?	Actually , I'd like a booth by the window if that's possible .	Certainly . How about this one ?	This will be fine , thanks .	( Handing her a menu ) Your waiter will be here in a minute to take your order .
para-0020	Come to think of it , you should get out your English books and catch up on your reading assignments .	But I don't have any reading assignments .	Then review for your test . You'll do even better . And maybe reading will help you get to sleep .
para-0021	I met a girl in elevator this morning . She works in a company upstairs . She said she envied the casual way we dress for work . She complained about the dress rule in her company . It requires everyone to wear formal clothes from Monday to Friday .	Well , I was wondering where those people with professional attire come from . Now , I know the answer .	You know , in a sense , a suits and ties are compulsory for male employees even in July , and no jewelry allowed for most of the female employees . Even the reasonable male leaf is returning the rule , isn ’ t that strict ?	To some extent , it is . Anyway , whether they like it or not , they do give people a very good impression .	But it is unjust to judge a book by its cover . If they ’ re not happy or comfortable with their clothes , they can be less productive .
para-0022	I wish the politicians would quit digging up dirt about each other's past .	I know . It really makes a mess of the whole election process .	And it takes up all the news .	The problem is that there always a large number of people who eat that kind of stuff up .	It's so small . The fact that there is public interest , doesn't say much for us as the public .	Have you ever listened to AM radio ? It's quite a different experience than the traditional news stations on TV and FM radio .	I don't remember the last time I listened to AM radio .	Another place you can get real insight is European papers . You can get them on-line .
para-0023	Hi , Jack , how have you been ?	Not very well .	Why ? Looks like you're feeling very down ! What happened ?	Nothing .	Come on . For a man who's feeling so , down , there're usually two reasons . Either his career is going downhill , or he has a broken heart . Since you're so successful , it must be the latter .	Well , you're right . I just broke up with Jane .	Oh , I'm sorry . I thought you two were made for each ocher .	Well , you never know . I'm ready for a commitment and want to settle down , but she says she wants to pursue her career while she's still young .	Well , she is not to blame . It's always difficult to choose between career and family .
para-0024	I hear you are planning to travel abroad .	Yes . I'm going to the Untied States for travel . What places do you recommend ?	In my opinion , there are several places you mustn't miss , like Washington D . C , Las Vegas , New York and Los Angeles .	Someone suggests that I should go to Seattle and Hawaii .	Yes , you may consider those two places also . Seattle , for example , is worth visiting and there's a very famous museum called Museum of Flight .	And Seattle is the home of Microsoft and Boeing . That must be a great place . I can't miss it .
para-0025	Do you want to hang out tomorrow ?	Oh , I can't . I have a date !	Really ? Wow with who ?	This girl I've been chatting with for the past couple of months . She's really cool and she's driving over here this weekend .	Wait a minute , you mean you met her online ?
para-0026	What game do you like ?	I like board games . I like chinese chess and draughts .	I ’ Ve never played Chinese chess before , but I ’ Ve seen old men playing it in the street . It looks complicated .	It ’ s about as complicated as chess . The basic rule and moves are simple enough , but there are many strategies that players need to learn .	I like playing cards . I ’ m pretty good at poker . Do you play cards ?	I ’ m terrible at cards and so I never play games which involve gambling , like poker . If I did , I ’ d lose all my money .	Do you play bridge ?	Yes , I do . It ’ s hard to find four players though , so I don ’ t play very often . Do you know anyone who plays ? If so , we could set up a game .	I can play quite well . I have a friend who likes playing , but she ’ s not very good at it . Shall I invite her to play ?	Sure , I have a friend who play fairly well . We should find out when our friends are free and arrange a game .
para-0027	Thank you for lending me the book .	Sure . But it's a very difficult one , you need to have a dictionary at your elbow .	But I'm not used to looking up every new word when I'm reading a novel . I only look up the most necessary ones .
para-0028	Dave , there's something I want to talk to you about .	Zina , why are you whispering ?	I've been talking to WebTracker . I'm thinking of jumping ship .	What ? Are you serious ? You'd defect to our archrival ! ?	Keep your voice down . We'll talk more later . Right now I need to see Vince .	We definitely have to talk , Zina . And watch your back . Elvin is still mad about his nose .
para-0029	I need help using the washer and dryer .	Tell me what the problem is .	I can't figure out how to turn them on .	Do you have some quarters ?	I didn't know I needed change .	The washer costs 50 cents and the dryer costs a dollar .	Where do I put the change ?	The quarters go into the slot . You have to push the slot in , and the machine will turn on .
para-0030	What game do you like ?	I like board games . I like chinese chess and draughts .	I ’ Ve never played Chinese chess before , but I ’ Ve seen old men playing it in the street . It looks complicated .	It ’ s about as complicated as chess . The basic rule and moves are simple enough , but there are many strategies that players need to learn .	I like playing cards . I ’ m pretty good at poker . Do you play cards ?
para-0031	Hello , Sir . How can we help you today ?	I need to find out some more information for L / C . I would like an outline of responsibilities , both ours , yours and the beneficiary , please .	OK , to start , the conditions are specified by the buyer and may include Insurance Forms , Way Bills , Bills of Lading , Customs forms , various certificates .	OK , got it . Is there anything else I need to know before we go ahead ?	Just that in effect , a basic Letter of Credit is a financial contract between the bank , the bank's customer , and the beneficiary , and this contract involves the transfer of goods or services against funds .
para-0032	I would like to watch the Oscars on tv tonight . How about you ?	Yes , I ‘ d love to . it ’ s interesting to see who is considered the best in their field and which film are thought to be particularly good .	I like watching it for the fashion . I like to see what the ladies are wearing . Of course , the men nearly always just wear the traditional tuxedo .	Sometimes the men wear flamboyant colours . Which films do you think will win awards this year ?	I ‘ m really not sure . Usually just one or two films look set to sweep the awards ceremony , but this year there are several contenders .	You ’ re right . This year should be much more exciting than usual . What ’ s you favourite award category ?	You might think this strange , but I like the category for best foreign language film .
para-0033	Our toner cartridges are already out of ink ... Could you make an order for a new set ?	We will need new cartridges for all of the office printers ? That will be a large order , probably about two or three cases . The office supply store we usually go through might not have that many in stock .	You can double check with the housekeeping department , but I am pretty sure all of the machines will need new cartridges . Last time when we made our order to the supplier , the quantity was also especially high . They are used to receiving such bulk orders from us . As long as we give them a heads up a couple days in advance , they can usually fill the order .	OK , I will make a few calls and run our order by housekeeping first to make sure . Is there anything else we need to order while I am at it ?	I think the only thing is toner . Try to see if they can deliver it before the end of business day tomorrow . We should really try to do better about waiting until the last minute to fill orders that are usually made on a monthly basis . Anyhow , see what you can do to expedite the order this time .
para-0034	After the financial crisis , many industries are in incredibly cloudy situations . How do you think about our company ?	The outlook in the future is very positive . Because we have been in this field for hundreds of years and we know how to survive this crisis safely .	As the department I am applying for is expanding , I would like to contribute by effort .
para-0035	The stepmother was very wicked . She couldn't stand a happy smile on the boy's face .	And ?	And she did her best to pull out the thorn in her flesh and the boy lost whatever made him happy .
para-0036	Hey Kevin , what are you doing here ? Don't you usually spend Tuesday nights at home studying ?	I needed to get out of the house . My parents just went ballistic over something my older sister told them .	What did she tell them ? Is she dropping out of college ?	Nothing that serious . She finally told them that she moved out of the dormitory a few months ago and has been living with her boyfriend .	And your parents took it badly ?	That's putting it mildly . My father started shouting at my sister and my mother just glared at her .	Ouch , that sounds bad . What did your sister do ?	She started arguing back to my dad that how much she loves her boyfriend , how they're in love and it's not hurting anybody , and so on . My dad said she's too young to do this , and that she should move out right away .
para-0037	Hi Jim . Do you have a minute ?	Sure , what ’ s up ?	Some of us are going to start a soccer team . Would you like to join us ?	I don ’ t know anything about it . Soccer isn ’ t as popular in my country as it is here .	That ’ s all right . We ’ ll teach you .	Is it anything like American football ?	Not very much . It ’ s something like hockey , except that you use a big ball and no stick .	I ’ ll come down and watch you play some day , and see what it ’ s like .
para-0038	Hi . I ’ m here to catch flight 513 to New York .	May I see your ticket please ?	Here you are . Do you need to see my passport ?	Any form of picture I . D . will do .	Mmmm ... a photo I . D . I have my New Jersey driver ’ s license . Is that ok ?	That will do . What an interesting picture ! How old is it ?	Actually it wad taken just last year , but I had a shaved head and a beard . Can you still recognize me ?	Barely . Will you be checking any luggage today ?	Yes , One suitcase . I also have a carry-on bag .	Ok . Mr . Lee , you ’ re all set . Your flight leaves from gate 10 . Boarding begins at 10:30
para-0039	hi , darling ! I have a one-month vacation saved up . How about a trip to Europe ?	I could go for that . But I'm afraid our budget is a little tight this year .	oh , but I really need to leave this town for a change . Working day after day has worn me out . Do you have any other suggestions ?
para-0040	Billy , you are late again .	I'm sorry I'm late . I overslept . Is the manager here today ?	Yes he ' s in his office .	Oh , I hope he didn't notice me .	Don't take any chances . It'd be best if you told him and promised not to be late again . He's already mad at you for last 2 times . Any more and he might fire you .
para-0041	I'm interested in Chinese antiques .	We have a great variety of Chinese antiques . Besides , we have landscape painting , figure painting and flower-and-bird painting .	I'd like a flower-and-bird painting .	How about this picture of cranes with pine trees ? It was painted by a famous Chinese painter in King Dynasty .	Oh , they look just like live cranes .	And what is more , in traditional Chinese thinking , cranes and pine trees symbolize longevity .
para-0042	Tell me about yourself .	I was born and raised in Beijing . I attended Peking University and received my bachelor's degree in Economics . I have worked for 2 years as a financial consultant in Beijing for China Pacific Insurance Co . Ltd .	What type of position are you looking for ?	I'm looking for a position in which I can utilize my experience .	Are you interested in a full-time or part-time position ?	I am more interested in a full-time position . However , I would also consider a part-time position .	Can you tell me about your responsibilities at your last job ?	I advised customers on financial matters . After I consulted the customer , I completed a customer inquiry form and catalogued the information in our database . I then collaborated with colleagues to prepare the best possible package for the client . The clients were then presented with a summarized report on their financial activities that I formulated on a quarterly basis .	What is your greatest strength ?	I am an excellent communicator . People trust me and come to me for advice . One afternoon , my colleague was involved with a troublesome customer who felt he was not being served well . I made the customer a cup of coffee and invited both my colleague and the client to my desk where we solved the problem together .	What is your greatest weakness ?	I tend to spend too much time making sure the customer is satisfied . However , I began setting time-limits for myself .	Why do you want to work for our company ?	After following your firm's progress for the last 3 years , I am convinced that your company is becoming one of the market leaders and I would like to be a part of that team .
para-0043	Have you seen the new James Bond movie ?	Oh , yes . You ?	Yes . What did you think of it ?	I thought it was better than the others-I really liked it . What did you think of it ?	Yes , I liked it , too . It was exciting , but not over the top . Do you know what I mean ?
para-0044	Come in , come in , what can I do for you ?	Professor Donald , are you giving your advanced geology course again next semester ?	Yes , I am applying on it .	I wonder if I could enroll in it . I know it is a graduate course and I ' m a junior , but ...
para-0045	May I see your ticket and passport , PLS ?	Sure , here they are .	Any luggage ?	Just this suitcase .	Your backpack is very big and today's flight is quite full . I am afraid that you will have to check your backpack too .	No problem . What about this carry-on ?	You can take that with you .	Can I have an aisle seat , PLS .	No problem . I'll give you an aisle seat in the center row . And here is your ticket , passport and boarding pass . Please board the plane at Gate 15 .	Thank you . And when is the latest time for me to board the plane ?	15mins before the plane takes off . The plane is scheduled to leave on time .
para-0046	Hello , Mr . Black , how are you ?	Fine , thank you , and how are you ?	Very well , thank you . It's nice to meet you again . I am awfully sorry for not being able to meet you at the airport , as I was busy yesterday . I do hope you had a very enjoyable trip from New York .
para-0047	Come to think of it , you should get out your English books and catch up on your reading assignments .	But I don't have any reading assignments .	Then review for your test . You'll do even better . And maybe reading will help you get to sleep .
para-0048	Let ’ s play a game !	OK ! How about Scrabble ?	No , no , a friend of mine taught me this really fun game . I ’ m going to describe someone ’ s face , and you guess who it is !	OK !	Let ’ s see . He has a roman nose , bushy eyebrows and dimples !	Our cousin Pete ! My turn ! She has a pointy nose , sunken eyes and a mole on her chin !
para-0049	Unfortunately , according to our regulations I have to confiscate these counterfeit notes .	So , this 500 RIB is worthless ?	I'm sorry but it is our regulation , so I must follow it . We will issue you with a receipt to show that the notes you presented us with are counterfeit and have been confiscated . Then , if you wish to pay in some more cash , you are free to do so .	Right , I see . Let me give you another 500 RIB .	Here's your Passbook back and the receipt to say we confiscated the 500 RIB worth of counterfeit notes .
para-0050	Good morning ! I am a new comer in our office .	Good morning ! Welcome to our office !	Nice to meet you ! My name is Grace Williams .	Nice to meet you too ! I am Peter Smith .	Today is my first day at work !	Well , hope you will enjoy your first day ! Just ask me if you need any help .
para-0051	Hello , Nancy , nice to see you .	Nice to see you , too . I heard you are a staff of Nokia company .	Yes , I ’ m satisfied with this job .	Congratulations . What did you do during the interview ?	Pay more attention to the external expressions , because they are important for the first impression . Good manner and style of conversation can let other feel your good self-cultivation . Good gestures and mien can let other feel very comfortable .
para-0052	Which university did you graduate from ?	I graduated from Peking University .	What was your major at university ?	I studied economics , I am especially interested in the economic development of China .	What course did you like best ?	I like Business Management , and i think it's very useful for the present work .	What do you think is the relationship between the subjects you've taken and the job you are seeking ?
para-0053	So I'm on the fifth floor ? How come this hotel has no fourth floor .	Four is an unlucky number here , Peter.Four sounds like death in Chinese.Hotels often have no fourth floor .	I see.Oh , I know what I wanted to ask.How much should I tip this guy ?
para-0054	Good morning , can I help you ?	I want to American breakfast with fried eggs sunny side up .	What kind of juice do you prefer , sir ?	Breakfast juice and please make my coffee very strong .	Yes , sir . American breakfast with fried eggs sunny side up . Breakfast juice and black coffee . And my correct , sir ?	Yes , that ’ s right .	Is there anything else , sir ?	No , that ’ s all .	Good morning , sir . I ’ Ve got breakfast your ordered .	Just put it on the table please .	Do you need anything else , sir ?	No , thanks . Oh , yes , could I have some juice for the mini bar ?
para-0055	Who are those guys ?	Kobe Bryant and Shaquille O ’ Neal , they are the Los Angeles Lakers ’ star players .	Oh .	Wait a second . He shoots , he scores !	All right !	Here comes Jordan , though .	Wow , Michael Jordan ’ s slam-dunks are beautiful things to watch .	Yeah . He ’ s older , so he doesn ’ t slam as much as he did when he was younger , but when he does , it ’ s still amazing .	Which team do you think will win ?	The Lakers . Jordan is the only good player Washington has .
para-0056	Why don't you watch where you're going ?	Me ? You're the one who pulled out in front of me !	There was plenty of room for me to pull out.You didn't have to stay in the lane you were in .	Hey , listen . I had every right to stay in the lane I was in.You were supposed to wait until I passed to pull out.And anyhow , you didn't give me any time to change lanes.All of a sudden--BANG--there you are right in front of me .
para-0057	Have you declared your income and are you prepared to pay tax ?	Not yet . I don't know how to fill out the form . What is the tax-free allowance for supporting a dependent ?	I don't really know . Why not ask the accountant or the lawyer of the law firm ? They will tell you which is subject or not subject to taxation . He can even help you avoid paying tax legally .
para-0058	What's your main range ?	Generally speaking , we provide bikes for both gentlemen and ladies , size 19 , 21 , 23 , 25 and 27 inches . We can vary the colors according to the buyer's requirements . Here are the catalogues and the pattern books . They will give you a rough idea about our products .	I am interested in your flying pigeon bicycles . I think some of these items will find a ready market in Canada . But what our customers appreciate most is a reliable product .	To be reliable is the strong point of our products . As a matter of fact , it's always our practice to supply high quality goods at reasonable prices . Flying pigeon is the best of its kind at the price .	Then I'd like to know your availability of the products and the terms of sales , such as mode of payment , delivery , discounts , etc .
para-0059	Hello , I want to apply for the position of an usher in your restaurant .	Welcome . One of your duties is to know the number of the customer and accept reservation .	What else do I need to do ?	You inform the people in charge and let them reserve dinning tables for guests .
para-0060	It's said that John's broken up .	Really ? But his wife has always waited on him hand and foot .	I hear that John's leading a double wife .	It's very bad of him to cheat on a lady like his wife .
para-0061	I am calling to find out why I didn ’ t receive an unemployment check this week .	Did you send in your Continued Claim Form for the last period ?	I think I forgot to send it in !	You need to be very careful to send that form in every two weeks if you want to get paid .	Can I send it in now ?	You should look at your claim form and see if it has been more than fourteen days since it was due . If it hasn ’ t been , we will still accept it .	Can I mail it in early next time so it isn ’ t late ?
para-0062	Very glad to know something about you , then what are you going to do when you finish .	Oh , I ’ ll go to shanghai to practice there .	That ’ s a good idea . It must be easy to find a job in shanghai .	I think so , you know there is a great deal of opportunity for business there .
para-0063	How do you do ? Nice to meet you , Diane .	How do you do , Jack . Nice to meet you .	Well , I think you ' Ve reconsidered our proposal , Diane .	Yes , you are right . After all , the quality of your air conditioners is good . The only problem is price .	I should not be surprised , many customers have the same opinion . Do you have any suggestion in mind ? Our salesman told your secretary that the price could be negotiable .
para-0064	Tell me a little bit about yourself , please .	My name is Dunlin and I live in Beijing . I was born in 1980 . I will graduate from Peking University this July . I have majored in accounting .	Would you tell me something about your family ?	There are three in my family , my parents and myself . My father is a teacher and my mother is a worker .
para-0065	So , Monica , how do you like your new office ?	Well , I love it . The room is spacious and clean with big windows and a lot of sunshine . There are plants along the corridor . Especially , I got my own desk with computer and telephone . Such a great place !	That ’ s very good . I once turn down a job offer just because the office is awful .	What was so bad about it ?	Small rooms , small window , a small desk shared by three people . I would have been interrupted all the time and for sure not be able to deliver good work .
para-0066	Hi . I ’ m here to catch flight 513 to New York .	May I see your ticket please ?	Here you are . Do you need to see my passport ?	Any form of picture I . D . will do .	Mmmm ... a photo I . D . I have my New Jersey driver ’ s license . Is that ok ?	That will do . What an interesting picture ! How old is it ?	Actually it wad taken just last year , but I had a shaved head and a beard . Can you still recognize me ?	Barely . Will you be checking any luggage today ?	Yes , One suitcase . I also have a carry-on bag .	Ok . Mr . Lee , you ’ re all set . Your flight leaves from gate 10 . Boarding begins at 10:30
para-0067	Come to think of it , you should get out your English books and catch up on your reading assignments .	But I don't have any reading assignments .	Then review for your test . You'll do even better . And maybe reading will help you get to sleep .	Aw , Mom-you're such a drag .	You say that now , Lily , but you'll thank me later . I'm your mom , and mother knows best .
para-0068	Have you any round-neck sweater ?	Yes . Actually our range of sweaters is the most comprehensive available .	Can I try this one on ?	Sure , go ahead .	The color is too bright.For my age , I would prefer a lighter color .
para-0069	Matthew ? Hi !	Steve ! Haven't seen you in ages ! How long's it been ?	It's got to be almost a year now .	How have you been ?	I'm pretty good . I've been looking for a place to live recently . My lease runs out next month and I don't want to renew it .	Yeah , I remember the neighborhood . Have you found a place yet ?	Not yet . But I am still looking through the classifieds . Wish me luck .	Well , maybe I can help . Remember my neighbor ?	Mrs . Thou ?	Yes , her daughter's having a baby , so she's moving in with her to help out . I think if you are interested , you can come over and have a look .	Great . It's a lovely neighborhood . And it would be nice to be neighbors again . It would be just like the old days !
para-0070	Ms . Montgomery ? This is Richard Thomas . I ’ m sorry to bother you at home , but I ’ Ve got a bit of a problem .	Oh ? What ’ s wrong ?	My daughter ’ s just banged up her knee pretty badly and I ’ m going to have to take her to the hospital . I ’ ll be about two hours late .
para-0071	How much will my pay be , if you don ’ t mind my asking ?	We would like to start you off at 1,500 yuan a month , not including bonus and overtime pay . We don ’ t give bonus every month , but we offer a semi-annual bonus . And you will receive two weeks paid vacation a year , as well . Does it suit you ?	Yes , thank you . May I ask for an apartment ?	No problem . We'll supply you with an apartment of two bedrooms and a living room .
para-0072	Have you enjoyed your weekend ?	Yes , it's been marvelous . It really was very kind of you to invite me . I hope it hasn't been too much trouble .	Not at all . We've really enjoyed having you . I hope you'll come and stay again next time you're in Changsha .
para-0073	Wow ! What a beautiful scenic spot ! It's so open . And just breathe that fresh air , you can almost taste its freshness .	You can have a bird view of Guiling City from the top of the mountain .	Wonderful ! I'll often come here for mountain climbing .	You should . Many Guiliners , especially the old and the young , will climb mountains here in the morning .
para-0074	Excuse me Miao Li . Could you tell me who Jackie Chan is ?	Certainly . Jackie Chan is a very famous movie star in Hong Kong . His Chinese name is Cheng Long .	Ha , I know Cheng Long a lot , he has made 40 films since 1976 . And at that time he was promoted as the new Bruce Lee . But I'm not familiar with his English name .	OK . Then tell me what else you know .	Some movie stars measure their worth by how many millions of dollars they make . Do you know how Jackie Chan measures his worth ?
para-0075	Excuse me , Mr . Emory ? Mr . Macmillan , would like to know if you have the completed schedule for next week ?	Yes , I do , Susan . Just a moment . Here it is .	Thank you , sir . Sorry to trouble you .	Not at all , Susan . Just tell him to leave it with my secretary when he ’ s finished with it
para-0076	Leo ! I wanted to tell you thanks for all your hard work on the budget . We ’ re having a get-together after work tonight at Carl ’ s Karaoke Club to celebrate having finished it . We ’ d love to see	What fun ! Normally I ’ d love to , but I ’ m afraid I have to work late tonight . We ’ Ve got to get the contract ready for Miss King .	Oh , right . You ’ re busy with that contract . Maybe you could join us later ?
para-0077	I wish the politicians would quit digging up dirt about each other's past .	I know . It really makes a mess of the whole election process .	And it takes up all the news .	The problem is that there always a large number of people who eat that kind of stuff up .
para-0078	I need help using the washer and dryer .	Tell me what the problem is .	I can't figure out how to turn them on .	Do you have some quarters ?	I didn't know I needed change .	The washer costs 50 cents and the dryer costs a dollar .
para-0079	What can I do for you , Madam ?	Can you help me with Comprehensive Credit Granting ?	Certainly , Madam . What would you like to know ?	Well , everything really .	All right . We can grant a Financing Promise Quota , if you qualify . This means that we can deal with all of your needs in a speedy and efficient way . Firstly , your Credit Rating must be class A , and your Debt to Asset Ratio must be top notch , for the industry you are involved in .
para-0080	Look , how grand magnificent the Tiananmen Gate tour is !	What's Tiananmen famous for ?	It is largest pop square in the world.you see that is monument for the people's hero , and the Chairman Mao memorial hall on the south.there is great hall of the people on the west.there are two museums on the east .	What's that ?	That's the Forbidden city on the north of Gate building .
para-0081	Hey , you look great ! how's everything ?	Yeah , you know what ? I've been going to the club regularly . The training really pays off . Now I am in a good shape and I know more about how to keep fit .	Really ? tell me about it . I haven't gone to the club for a long time . I am too busy with work .	It's important to do proper exercises .	You're right . Too much or too little won't do any good .	The trainer tells me , besides regular sports activities , I should also have a healthy and balanced diet .	Sounds reasonable .	We should eat more vegetables instead of junk food to stay energetic .	And fruits !	Surely it is . Getting enough sleep is also crucial for fitness .	I've heard that . Does your trainer tell you anything about keeping fit ?	Yeah , he advises me to stay in a good mood . That can also help one to keep sound physical health .
para-0082	Ms . Montgomery ? This is Richard Thomas . I ’ m sorry to bother you at home , but I ’ Ve got a bit of a problem .	Oh ? What ’ s wrong ?	My daughter ’ s just banged up her knee pretty badly and I ’ m going to have to take her to the hospital . I ’ ll be about two hours late .
para-0083	have you ever been invited to a Chinese feast ?	sure . Beijingers are distinguished for their warmth and hospitality .	as far as you could see , is dining at a Chinese table a distinct experience ? To what extent does it differ from that in your homeland ?
para-0084	I ’ m glad you could find time to meet with me , Mr . Johnson . I can ’ t think of a nicer environment for our meeting today , the ambiance here is lovely !	No problem , if possible I always combine business with pleasure . Now , let ’ s hear more about these chocolates you ’ re offering .	Well , as you know , I have recently become the sole distributor for Grangers Gourmet Bon-bons here in the United States . They ’ re a new manufacturer and are looking to break into the luxury market . Naturally , your restaurant sprang into my mind immediately . I think your brand exemplifies many of the same traits as Grangers and serving these chocolates would really add to your reputation for providing elegant , luxurious , first class dining .	Mmmm , sounds interesting ... gourmet chocolates , where are they produced ? Belgium ?	Actually , the factory is located in Scotland .	Really ? I didn ’ t think they were known for their luxury chocolate production	That ’ s what makes this such a fantastic opportunity ! The government is one hundred percent supportive of creating new export markets and has guaranteed a low tariff for all wholesale orders of over one thousand units . They ’ Ve also reduced the red tape involved at customs as well . Here , I brought these especially for you , try one !	Oh , thanks . Mmm , hmm , creamy texture , very smooth ...	Unique , aren ’ t they ? I bet you ’ Ve never tasted anything like it ! Quality is assured as I personally visit the factory to make sure no one ’ s cutting corners with the ingredients . Only the creme make it through inspection .
para-0085	Look , here is a very special business card from an illustrator . Every time I go through my book of business cards , I will notice it . It is an eye-catching one .	Wow , fantastic . I like the font and color for his name . It is creative yet personal .	Yes , it is a bold design . People will believe he can make an illustration as an impressive as a business card . It just stands out from those plain and standard ones used by government people or other big private and public organizations .
para-0086	I'll be willing to come and talk about the financing of our imports .	It can be solved by drawing a draft on us at 90 days sight .	What about a draft at 120 days sight ?	All right . But we demand the draft be accepted by a bank acceptable to us .	A bank's acceptance will add to the costs of our imports . You can rest assured that we will accept the draft and honour it when it comes due .	Then we will be in a position to arrange for a loan from our bank . You know we exports would like to have our investments returned as early as possible .
para-0087	Hey Rachael , what's up ? How is your day ?	Not bad.We have had a big meeting today , remember ?	Oh , yea . I forgot.So how did it go ?	Pretty well . I think the boss liked my ideas .
para-0088	Good morning , Angela , how have you been lately ?	Morning , Michael . I ’ Ve been very busy lately . One of our other vendors is going out of business and I ’ Ve been searching for a suitable replacement .	Well , rest assured that you can count on us to be here for the long run , sitdown.Coffee ?
para-0089	Mr . Crandall , I ’ m sorry , but I really don ’ t see the value in doing this entire project over from scratch . It would take a lot of work .	That ’ s certainly true . But , that ’ s what this job is all about , Maria . There's no doubt that this project is unacceptable .	I agree . But I think that we can handle the problem by making a few major changes . I ’ d appreciate it if you would give me a chance .	All right , Maria . I ’ ll give you until tomorrow at 4:00 to produce a satisfactory piece of work , but otherwise , you ’ ll have to re-do it .
para-0090	Ms . Wang , this is Mr . Cooper , president of Ivy Publishing .	It's nice to meet you , Mr . Cooper .	Nice to meet you , Ms . Wang . You must be exhausted after your long trip from Canada .	Yes , it was quite a long flight . I'm glad to finally be here .
para-0091	What's the matter with me , Doctor ? I feel so tired these days .	Is your blood pressure , I'm afraid . It's far too high .	And what's the cause of that ?	Overwork-amongst other things . You can't work 24 hours a day . You ' Ve got to slow down .
para-0092	Excuse me , would you please do me a favor ?	With pleasure .	I appreciate the building so much . I am wondering if you could take a picture of me against the building .
para-0093	You still have not given me those files I ’ Ve asked you for .	I ’ m sorry , Mr . Myers . I ’ Ve just been so busy today .	I really don ’ t want to hear your excuses , Janet . We ’ re running a busy office here . You ’ re going to have to keep up .	You ’ re right , sir . I apologize . I ’ ll get those files for you now .
para-0094	What's wrong with you ? You look pale .	I'm not sure , I feel hot and cold .	When did the trouble start ?	I was sick most of the night .	It sounds like you are coming down with the flu . Let me take your temperature .	Have I got a high fever ?	Yes , thirty-eight point seven . Do you have a headache , chest or throat pain ?	Yes , I have .	Now , let me have a look at you . I'd like to listen to your chest . Now breathe in , a deep breath , that's it Cough , now again . I want to examine your throat , too . Open wide , say ' Ah - - '	Aaaaahh , aaaaahh .	Yes , it does look a bit sore . Let's take an X-ray of your chest and give you a few tests .	All right , thanks .	The tests showed nothing wrong . A slight viral infection .	What shall I do today ?	I'm giving you some antibiotics and aspirins . Take an aspirin when you've got a fever , and take one antibiotic capsule every four hours , and go home and rest in bed for two days . Drink plenty of water , then you'll feel better . Here's the prescription .
para-0095	Honey , I ’ ll be right back !	Where are you going ?	I told you already ! I ’ m going to get my nails done .	Again ? You just went last week ! You spend more time at the nail salon than you do here at home ! Honestly , why do you need a manicure every week ?	Well , first of all , I like to pamper myself , and my nails look great . You should come with me !	Why ? I don ’ t want to have nail polish or anything like that !
para-0096	My dear , what's for supper ?	Red cooked carp and rape with fresh mushrooms .	What about soup ?	Sour-peppery soup .	Which condiment do you use for ?	I'll use ginger , garlic scallion , hot pepper and vinegar .
para-0097	You would be using mainly English in this job . Do you think you could manage ?	Yes , I am sure I can .	Do you think you are proficient in both written and spoken English ?	Yes , I think I am quite proficient in both written and spoken English .	Do you think you can make yourself understood in English with ease ?	Yes , I think I can in ordinary circumstances .	Do you think you can speak English quite fluently ? Tell me about your English education .
para-0098	Did you read the letter in the paper about smoking ? The person who wrote that must be crazy .	I don ’ t think so . I think the government should do everything it can to discourage people from smoking .	Maybe so . But a law banning cigarettes will do no good .	No , you can ’ t suddenly make smoking illegal , but government could prohibit smoking in public places like movies and theatres .
para-0099	What did he say ?	He said he would tell us the secret of becoming a successful man .	It ’ s too good to be true ! If I were there , I would ask him if he himself was a successful man .	Nobody would drive him up a wall by asking him such a question , you know .
para-0100	I don ’ t want you to be worried , but our son has some bad habits now . He says painful words everyday .	What words ? Can you tell me ?	He says kick mommy , beat mommy , don ’ t want mommy , very quickly if I do something that he doesn ’ t like . You know , if I wash his face or change his clothes , things like that .	Honey , I don ’ t know what to tell you . Of course Tony is a young child . But do not underestimate his ability to learn and reason .
para-0101	Hello , Daisy , how are you doing ?	Fine , thank you . I haven ’ t seen you for quite some time . What have you been up to recently ?	I have been spending a lot of time watching movies at home , so you wouldn't have seen me . Recently , I've been obsessed with horror films .	Oh , how can you be infatuated with horror films ? They're so scary .	Yeah , you are right I used to not watch horror films , but after seeing Silence of the Lamb with Mike last month , I fell in love with them .	It's amazing . But if I were you , I wouldn't have the courage to watch the first one .	But it's really exciting .	Maybe , but I would rather watch romance , science fiction , crime or even disaster movie instead of a horror picture . I wouldn't dare sleep at night after watching one .	Basically . you'll watch any type of movie except horror .
para-0102	We have another traditional holiday-the Dragon Boat Festival .	When is it ?	It falls on the fifth day of the fifth lunar month .	Could you tell me the origin of the two festivals ?	OK . The Dragon Boat Festival is a way to commemorate a great ancient poet named Quyuan . On that day , people will hold a boat race as a symbol of the attempt to save him who threw himself into the river .
para-0103	This looks like a very nice house .	You know , I fell in love with this house the first moment I laid eyes on it .	The style of the exterior is just what I ’ Ve been looking for !	The exterior is only half of the story . The interior is incredible .	This home is gorgeous on the inside !	Everything that you see on the walls , floors , and windows is brand new .	The wall colors totally suit the style of this house .	Straight ahead is the gourmet kitchen .	I love the bamboo flooring and granite countertops .	The master suite is the best . Let ’ s go look at that next .
para-0104	I'd like to withdraw some money from my account .	Can I see your passbook and the withdrawal slip , please ?	Sure .	Let me just make sure . You want to withdraw one thousand dollars ?
para-0105	Jeff , look at this listing ! It says there is a cozy studio apartment for rent , and it's only $ 700 per month . What do you think ?	Well I think I can afford that apartment . But are pets allowed ?	Hmm ... let me look . Yes , it says it's a pet-friendly building .
para-0106	How many cleaning ladies does your company hire ?	We have two cleaning ladies . But both of them have received little education .	Most cleaning ladies are illiterate . But some of them do a very nice job .
para-0107	Did you get Bean's ten different good luck forwards , like that one from the Dalai Lama ?	Yeah , I deleted all that superstitious crap . What a waste of bandwidth !	I figured I might as well send one or two of them out . Maybe my luck will get better .	Do you really think the Dalai Lama sent that ? I'm tired of all these forwards .
para-0108	I had a big argument with david yesterday . I hope he ’ s not still mad at me .	What did you argue about ?	He borrowed some money from me and I needed it back . He said he didn ’ t have the money yet .	Well , he should pay you back . It ’ s only fair .	Yes , but I got angry with him too quickly . He probably thought that I mistrusted him . I shouldn ’ t have got angry .
para-0109	Hello . Nice to see you again . I heard you went into hospital for a few days to undergo surgery . I hope everything ’ s OK .	Yes , fine . I had something wrong with my stomach . I won ’ t go into detail , but it wasn ’ t serious .	I really dislike going to a doctor or to a hospital .	I think most people are a little nervous about it . I was really very , very nervous just before I had the operation , but the anaesthetist gave me an anaesthetic and the next thing I remember was waking up after the operation .	It must have really hurt afterwards .	Well , the nurse game me plenty of painkillers , but it did feel uncomfortable . I wasn ’ t permitted to eat anything for 48 hours . That was the worse thing .
para-0110	Is there anything wrong ?	I ’ m worried about my daughter . She can ’ t decide about college .	Don ’ t worry . That ’ s just a part of being a teenager .	I don ’ t mind that . But she disagrees with me about everything .	You should encourage her to make up her mind by herself . You shouldn ’ t affect her decision .
para-0111	How are the children doing at sport ?	I ’ m very pleased with their performances . Timmy can cover the 100 meters in 12 seconds . That ’ s very fast for a kid his age .	He ’ s not very good at the long jump though , is he ?	He ’ s not bad . He can jump a distance of over four meters . I think he just prefers running to jumping . Jimmy ’ s very good at the high jump . He can jump over two meters . Again , that ’ s fine for someone his age .	Two meters ? That means that the high jump bar is above his head ! Are any of them good at long-distance running ?
para-0112	Welcome . What can I do for you , Madam ?	I hope you can give me some advice . I'm sick and tired of coming here or to the post office to pay my utility bills . It's such a long way from my home , but I checked and you are my nearest branch . Is there anyway I can do it from home ?	That's terrible . Unfortunately , we don't have that many branches outside the centre of town . What I'd advise you to do is set up a Direct Debit Service .	A Direct Debit Service ? What's that exactly ?	A Direct Debit means that every month we can arrange for all of your utility bills to come directly out of your account , no fuss , no hassle .	But how will you know how much I should pay ? I mean , I receive my bills , not you .	We set up an agreement with the , say , phone company . They tell us how much to pay them every month and we pay directly from your account . Of course , we are able to do this with all of the utilities companies .
para-0113	Here is the draft contract , Mr . Brown . Let's discuss the clauses to see if we agree on all of them . Then I will make out an original of the contract . After that , what's left is to fill out the contract and sign our names .	That's OK .	The contract is to be written in Chinese and English . Both languages are equally effective .	Fine . If you'll excuse me , I'd like to go it over first . ( After about 15 minutes ) Hmm , you've done a pretty good job . It's well prepared .
para-0114	hi , Bob , I am so glad that you came .	of course I'd come . I couldn't think of a better chance to see all my old friends .	yeah . It's hard to believe that it's been ten years since graduation . It feels just yesterday we collected our diplomas .
para-0115	Do you have experience in advertising ?	Yes , I used to have a part-time job in advertising company .	What were you mean duties there ?	I mostly did advertising planning .	What qualities do you think an advertising planner should have ?	I think an advertising planner should have active thoughts , creative talent , and be sensitive to the changes in the market .
para-0116	Good morning , everyone . Let me introduce myself to you ...	You don't need to introduce yourself , Yang . You're famous .	Well , thank you very much but I thought l'd try and chair the meeting by the rule — at least for a while .	OK , OK !	Now , I'd like to get things under way . The main topic on today's agenda is the development of a U . S . sales strategy for the new EBB . I'd like to hear all of your ideas , Mr . Wall , you seem in top form today . Could you start the ball rolling ?
para-0117	Want to send out for some Chinese ?	Some what ?	Some Chinese food . I'm hungry , and there's a take-out restaurant near here . We can have them deliver and then watch the news on TV while we eat .	No , I'd rather go out . The Chinese food here is rather different from what I had at home . Maybe we can try some other food today ... What about that all-you-can-eat place we passed the other day , the one over in the shopping center ?	Okay . I could go for that . It's called Al's Steakhouse . They also have great fried fish , and I love their salad bar . You can go back to refill your plate as often as you like .	Is that the place that serves such large portions of meat ?	Yes , their steaks are enormous . Sometimes I can't finish what I've ordered .
para-0118	Welcome . What can I do for you , Madam ?	I hope you can give me some advice . I'm sick and tired of coming here or to the post office to pay my utility bills . It's such a long way from my home , but I checked and you are my nearest branch . Is there anyway I can do it from home ?	That's terrible . Unfortunately , we don't have that many branches outside the centre of town . What I'd advise you to do is set up a Direct Debit Service .
para-0119	I hear you are expecting your family .	Yes , my parents , and soon my brother as well .	I didn't know you had a brother .	Oh , yes , he is two years older than me . He lives in New Zealand so I don't see him that often .	Oh , nice . Is he coming on his own or with the family ?	His son is coming as well . He wants to go to university here in England so they will visit a few universities while they are here .	Does your brother have just one son ?	No , he has two daughters as well . His wife and daughters are visiting her parents . So I won't see them .	I'm sure your parents are looking forward to seeing their grandson .
para-0120	Have you seen the new James Bond movie ?	Oh , yes . You ?	Yes . What did you think of it ?	I thought it was better than the others-I really liked it . What did you think of it ?	Yes , I liked it , too . It was exciting , but not over the top . Do you know what I mean ?	Mmm . That's what I thought too . I really liked the car chase , and the opening credit sequence was very exciting . And I always enjoy watching Pierce Brosnan .	Oh , yes . He's brilliant . Did you like the title song ?
para-0121	You are looking really healthy lately . What are you doing differently ?	Thank you for noticing ! I've been making a few lifestyle changes over the past year .	Tell me about it . I'm interested .	Well , it all started when my brother challenged me to quit smoking .	Ha ! That's right . You used to smoke . I forgot !	When I kicked that habit , I found I had so much more energy . I started exercising .
para-0122	If only our company prescribe flex time .	The board has been considering introducing flex time .	Good news . Ah , what if be even better if alternative work place is provided .
para-0123	That dress is very pretty . Why don ’ t you like it ?	It ’ s too loud .	We ’ Ve been looking around for many hours.What on earth are you looking for ?	Well , you know , those styles or colors don ’ t suit me .	What style do you want ?	I want to buy a V-neck checked sweater , and it should be tight .
para-0124	Farmer's Pet Store .	Can you please tell me where you are located ?	Sure , we are off Singing Road , close to the bank .
para-0125	Ok , honey , time to take down the Christmas tree .	Do we have to ?	Come on , it ’ s losing needles all the time and the branches are sagging .	It ’ s not that bad , besides it really looks nice in that corner . It gives the room a good atmosphere .	A good atmosphere ? The tree is falling apart , and it ’ s messing up the room .	But it makes the place feel so much like Christmas . I ’ d really hate to have to take it down .	But Christmas was two weeks ago ! It ’ s been there only because we ’ Ve been too busy to get rid of it .	I know , but it seems like such a shame to have to take it away .	But it ’ s falling apart , and the cat keeps playing with the lower branches .	I know , I know . But it reminds me of the great Christmas we just had . All of us were here - - my parents , your parents , the kids , and the cousins - - the food was good , and everybody got what they wanted .
para-0126	I'll be willing to come and talk about the financing of our imports .	It can be solved by drawing a draft on us at 90 days sight .	What about a draft at 120 days sight ?	All right . But we demand the draft be accepted by a bank acceptable to us .
para-0127	Yes , madam ? Can I help you ?	Oh , yes , please . But you are just closing , aren't you ?	Well , yes , we are , madam . The shop shuts down in five minutes .	I shall not keep you long then . It was about some saucepans you had in your window last week .	Last week , madam ? I really can't remember which ones you mean . What were they like ?	Oh , they were lovely . Sort of imitation wood , dark brown color , country-style you know , and the lids , if I remember rightly , they had a sort of leaf pattern , or was it flowers ?	That's strange . I don't recognize any of the ones we had from that description . Are you sure they were in this shop ?	Oh , you must know the ones I mean . They were on sale , a real bargain . Reduced to a quarter of the original price . I couldn't believe my eyes when I saw them .	I am afraid the sales are over now , madam . And you know we all sold out of the saucepans .	I don't think you did , you know . My neighbor told me she saw some here only yesterday .	Well , it's all new stock in the window now .	May I just have a look , to see if there is anything else ?	Eh , well , madam , as you know we are closing .	Yes , yes , I am sorry I won't keep you . It must get on your nerves when customers come in right at closing time . But they were such beautiful saucepans . I ’ d have bought them if I had made up my mind on the spot .	Perhaps madam , if you come back tomorrow , I could show you the whole range of kitchen ware . And there are still one or two things at the sale price .
para-0128	I've come to hear about your offer .	We have the offer ready for you . Let me check . 10 boxes with 50 brooches per box , at 20,000 yuan ; 20 boxes with 50 waistbands per box , at 30,000 yuan ; 15 boxes with other ornaments per box , at 7 , 500 yuan , for shipment in June . The offer is valid for five days .	I can tell you right now that your prices are a little higher than we expected .	You know that the prices of the ornaments have been rising in recent years . The prices we offer this time compare favorably with quotations you can get else where .	I am afraid I can't agree with you there . I must point out your prices are higher than the quotations we've received from other companies .
para-0129	Here you are . You left the medicine here .	Sorry . I was too worried .	I firmly believe that you love your brother very much .	Absolutely . By the way , do you sell any traditional Chinese medicine ?	Yes , we have some Chinese medicine for common cold .
para-0130	The air conditioning is not working ! We need to call a handyman before we start to fry in here !	Dan is on top of that . I think they are also getting the handyman to fix the bathroom toilet that keeps clogging up .	That would be convenient . They might as well ask him to fix the electrical wiring . The circuit breakers keep going out all the time . It ’ s really annoying !
para-0131	Come on , you are left behind !	Wow , I can't catch my breath . You are running too fast , honey .	You just need more exercise .	Yes , but you need to slow down . This is jogging , not racing !	I don't care . I want to burn up my fat .	But running so fast is not good for people over forties .	Why ?	We are not as athletic as we were when young . Mild exercise is more suitable for us .	But I want to burn up more calories !	In fact , in order to burn up your fat , you must take it slowly for a longer time .
para-0132	Tell me about yourself .	I was born and raised in Beijing . I attended Peking University and received my bachelor's degree in Economics . I have worked for 2 years as a financial consultant in Beijing for China Pacific Insurance Co . Ltd .	What type of position are you looking for ?	I'm looking for a position in which I can utilize my experience .	Are you interested in a full-time or part-time position ?	I am more interested in a full-time position . However , I would also consider a part-time position .
para-0133	Did you get Bean's ten different good luck forwards , like that one from the Dalai Lama ?	Yeah , I deleted all that superstitious crap . What a waste of bandwidth !	I figured I might as well send one or two of them out . Maybe my luck will get better .	Do you really think the Dalai Lama sent that ? I'm tired of all these forwards .
para-0134	Excuse me . I have an appointment with Mr . Li at nine . May I come in ?	Yes , come in please . I am Mr . Li . You must be My Liu , right ?	Yes , I am My Liu . Thanks .	I'd like to start this interview with some questions . Why do you think you are qualified for this position ?	According to your advertisement , you want an experienced software engineer . I think my background meets the requirement of this position .	Then tell me something about your background .	My major was computer science when I was at college , and I am quite familiar with Visual C + + and Java language .	Well , what do you think about the development in computers ?	The developments in software are going ahead very quickly and more and more problems are resolved by software . In some regions , the hardware is completely replaced by software . So I think the software industry has a great future .	Have you ever designed any programs concerning network ?	Yes , I have designed some programs for the network with Visual C + + and I have passed the test for programmers - MUSE .
para-0135	Did you set your clock forward for daylight savings time ?	What ? Why do we have to do that ?	Well , at the start of the spring we usually have more daylight in the mornings and less in the afternoon . This is basically due to our position on the planet and the rotation of the earth . In any case , to take better advantage of the daylight available , we compensate by moving our clocks forward one hour .	I see . That ’ s convenient ! I never understood things like this , such as GMT . I never know what time zone we are in or when to change my clock !
para-0136	Ok , honey , time to take down the Christmas tree .	Do we have to ?	Come on , it ’ s losing needles all the time and the branches are sagging .	It ’ s not that bad , besides it really looks nice in that corner . It gives the room a good atmosphere .	A good atmosphere ? The tree is falling apart , and it ’ s messing up the room .	But it makes the place feel so much like Christmas . I ’ d really hate to have to take it down .	But Christmas was two weeks ago ! It ’ s been there only because we ’ Ve been too busy to get rid of it .	I know , but it seems like such a shame to have to take it away .	But it ’ s falling apart , and the cat keeps playing with the lower branches .	I know , I know . But it reminds me of the great Christmas we just had . All of us were here - - my parents , your parents , the kids , and the cousins - - the food was good , and everybody got what they wanted .	Yeah , it was a good Christmas . It won ’ t always be this good , but we can ’ t make it last longer than it should .	Ok , fine . We need to take down the tree .	I ’ ll make a deal with you . We ’ ll leave it up until Sunday , and then we ’ ll take it down after church .
para-0137	I had a big argument with david yesterday . I hope he ’ s not still mad at me .	What did you argue about ?	He borrowed some money from me and I needed it back . He said he didn ’ t have the money yet .	Well , he should pay you back . It ’ s only fair .	Yes , but I got angry with him too quickly . He probably thought that I mistrusted him . I shouldn ’ t have got angry .	Did you lend him a lot of money ?	Not much . I had to pay an unexpected bill , so I needed the money back .	Well , talk to him about it next time you see him . He probably feels as bad about it as you do . Close friends sometimes have disagreements . It ’ s nothing unusual . Neither of you said anything really nasty , did you ?	No , we didn ’ t . I guess you ’ re right . We should patch things up .	Of course you should . You wouldn ’ t want a silly argument to ruin a long friendship , would you ?
para-0138	Hello , Mr . Black , how are you ?	Fine , thank you , and how are you ?	Very well , thank you . It's nice to meet you again . I am awfully sorry for not being able to meet you at the airport , as I was busy yesterday . I do hope you had a very enjoyable trip from New York .	Yes , a very pleasant journey indeed . Thank you .	How are you getting along with your business ?	Not bad . The fur market is not very brisk lately , but the selling season is advancing near . I hope there will be more buyers in the market this year .	I hope we can do more business together . Though we are satisfied with our past trade record , there are still possibilities for more business . In the meantime , let's discuss other spheres of cooperation , such as investment , technology transfer and technical assistance .
para-0139	What are you typing there ?	I'm working on my resume .	Really ? Did you find any information about a new job ?	Yeah , I just got some good information off the internet .
para-0140	Susan is going to get a divorce .	How do you know that ?	She told me that Peter and she has a quarrel last nigh , and she left this morning , bag and baggage .
para-0141	Margaret , I'd like to follow up with the arrangements for our company retreat , to take place next month . We need to book the venue , make arrangements for speakers and door prizes , and set up all the activities and accommodations . Also , very important , we need to determine which of our staff will be eligible and will be available to go . We've got to get a head count in order to make reservations .	What's the criteria for staff to attend ? Are we only including our management team in this affair ? Or will we be extending invitations to lower level employees to attend ?	Lower level employees need not attend . The purpose of this retreat is for training , especially for our management team . We want to develop a well-oiled machine on our executive level . In order to get everyone to jell together , we've got to include some fun . That's the reason for the retreat .
para-0142	I hear you are expecting your family .	Yes , my parents , and soon my brother as well .	I didn't know you had a brother .	Oh , yes , he is two years older than me . He lives in New Zealand so I don't see him that often .	Oh , nice . Is he coming on his own or with the family ?	His son is coming as well . He wants to go to university here in England so they will visit a few universities while they are here .	Does your brother have just one son ?	No , he has two daughters as well . His wife and daughters are visiting her parents . So I won't see them .	I'm sure your parents are looking forward to seeing their grandson .
para-0143	Have you declared your income and are you prepared to pay tax ?	Not yet . I don't know how to fill out the form . What is the tax-free allowance for supporting a dependent ?	I don't really know . Why not ask the accountant or the lawyer of the law firm ? They will tell you which is subject or not subject to taxation . He can even help you avoid paying tax legally .	If I don't pay my taxes , would the tax officials discover it ?
para-0144	The air conditioning is not working ! We need to call a handyman before we start to fry in here !	Dan is on top of that . I think they are also getting the handyman to fix the bathroom toilet that keeps clogging up .	That would be convenient . They might as well ask him to fix the electrical wiring . The circuit breakers keep going out all the time . It ’ s really annoying !	Yeah you are right . This office is falling apart ! Frank told me the other day that the gutters outside were clogged and that ’ s why the parking lot was flooded .	I know ! I was in ankle deep water trying to get to my car that day ! The handyman definitely has his work cut out for him .
para-0145	Shall we share a taxi ?	Where are you heading now ?	I want to go back to my college on the Huanghe road.It is very close to your house .
para-0146	I find that you spend little on handset charge every month . Have you any trick ?	It's simple . You can use call transfer .	Is it so simple ?	Sure . You know , we spend most of our time at home or in the office every day , so I receive handset calls with the hand-free telephone , so I need pay little for receiving calls .	It's true .	Call transfer has many other advantages . When I am in places where network can't cover , such as the high building , I also use call transfer function , which transfers my calls to the hand-free telephone and I will not miss any call .
para-0147	You'll never guess what I won at work today ! - Tickets to tonight's final NBA game .	Two , I hope and I hope that by telling me about them you are planning on taking me !	Of course ! And here's the best part , they are court side seats !	How in the world ! Who came up with seats like that from your company ?
para-0148	Shall we share a taxi ?	Where are you heading now ?	I want to go back to my college on the Huanghe road.It is very close to your house .	Is that the university next to the Teachers ' College ?	That's the one .	You mean we'll share the taxi ?	Yeah.If we share the cab , it'll be cheaper.Besides that your Chinese is better than mine.The drivers usually have difficulty understanding me even though I practice my pronunciation carefully .
para-0149	hi , Bob , I am so glad that you came .	of course I'd come . I couldn't think of a better chance to see all my old friends .	yeah . It's hard to believe that it's been ten years since graduation . It feels just yesterday we collected our diplomas .	how time flies . But hey , how are things going with you ?	oh , where to start ? There have been ups and downs . I'm still trying to find my place in this world . It's only recently that I've been able to start settling down . How about you ? You still with Jenn
para-0150	This looks wonderful , Madame Culot .	Yes , it's very nice . All our foreign visitors enjoy it . The food is wonderfully well-prepared . Let me know if you need any help with the menu .	Thank you . Mmm . Can you tell me about the terrine ?	Yes . A terrine is a kind of meat pate . It's meat turned into a paste . It sounds horrible but it's actually really good .	Mmm . Maybe another time .	You could try the ravioli . They are rather like your Chinese dumplings , and the sauce is delicious .	Sounds good . I think I'll have the lamb for my main course . What does it come with ?	Well , you can have fries-French fries-or simple boiled potatoes .	I'll have the potatoes . What are you having ?	I'm having my usual . I like the fish here . Would you like some wine ?
para-0151	Here is the draft contract , Mr . Brown . Let's discuss the clauses to see if we agree on all of them . Then I will make out an original of the contract . After that , what's left is to fill out the contract and sign our names .	That's OK .	The contract is to be written in Chinese and English . Both languages are equally effective .
para-0152	Come in , come in , what can I do for you ?	Professor Donald , are you giving your advanced geology course again next semester ?	Yes , I am applying on it .	I wonder if I could enroll in it . I know it is a graduate course and I ' m a junior , but ...	Aren't you a bit young ? I have a lot of qualified seniors to take the course and they usually have a hard time keeping up .
para-0153	Ms . Montgomery ? This is Richard Thomas . I ’ m sorry to bother you at home , but I ’ Ve got a bit of a problem .	Oh ? What ’ s wrong ?	My daughter ’ s just banged up her knee pretty badly and I ’ m going to have to take her to the hospital . I ’ ll be about two hours late .
para-0154	How are you wedding plans going ?	Very well . We started organizing everything early to avoid a last minute rush to get things done . The only thing that isn ’ t ready yet is my wedding dress .	When will that be ready ?	The dressmakers said that is would be ready in two weeks .	You ’ re getting married in three weeks . So that should be ok . So , you ’ Ve prepared the church , catering , transport , hotel-everything .	Yes . We ’ Ve taken care of all of that . We decided not to get married in a church though . Neither of us is very religious .	Which hotel will the reception be held at ?	The palace hotel they ’ re taking care of the catering , including the wedding cake . I ’ m sure they ’ ll do a good job .	Oh , yes . It ’ s and excellent hotel . A friend of mine had her wedding reception there and said it was perfect , though very expensive .	Yes . It will be expensive , but we think it will be worth it . It gives us great peace of mind to know that our reception is in the hands of experienced people .
para-0155	Have you decided what you ’ re going to do during your holiday ?	Yes . I ’ m going to travel around Europe .	Wow , that sounds great ! Where are you going ?	I think I will start off in Paris . Then I ’ m going to take the train to Nice and then go on to Milan .
para-0156	Mary and Tom are breaking up .	It's unbelievable ! They are only married for one month . Then who is at fault ?	Mary said she couldn't put up with Tom , for he fell in love with another woman .
para-0157	Hello ! This is Ruby speaking from G . O . T . International Travel Agency . What can I do for you ?	I ’ d like to make a reservation for my trip from Detroit to Beijing on April 13 on Trans Pacific Airline .	Do you want a single ticket or a round trip ticket ?	I ’ d like to have a round trip ticket with a one-year open return .	Economy or Business Class ?	Economy , please . How much is it ?	It will be $ 850 .	Very good . Could I get an electronic ticket ? I ’ m always afraid of losing my tickets .	No problem . How do you wish to pay for it ?	Bank of American card . The number is 6786 9182 12300 8657 .	Thank you ! Would you like an aisle seat or a window seat ?	An aisle seat , please . I ’ m tall and need to get up and walk pretty often .	No problem . Your ticket is for Trans Pacific Flight 87 from Detroit to Beijing at 3 forty p . m . on April 13 . You will arrive at Beijing International Airport at six 35 p . m . on April 14 . Your electronic	What time should I arrive at Detroit Airport ?	Please be at the airport two hours before your departure to check in . You also need to reconfirm your reservation with the airline at least 7 days prior to your departure .	What happens if I can ’ t leave on April 13 ? Can I cancel my ticket or change the reservation to another date ?
para-0158	Ok , honey , time to take down the Christmas tree .	Do we have to ?	Come on , it ’ s losing needles all the time and the branches are sagging .	It ’ s not that bad , besides it really looks nice in that corner . It gives the room a good atmosphere .	A good atmosphere ? The tree is falling apart , and it ’ s messing up the room .	But it makes the place feel so much like Christmas . I ’ d really hate to have to take it down .	But Christmas was two weeks ago ! It ’ s been there only because we ’ Ve been too busy to get rid of it .	I know , but it seems like such a shame to have to take it away .	But it ’ s falling apart , and the cat keeps playing with the lower branches .	I know , I know . But it reminds me of the great Christmas we just had . All of us were here - - my parents , your parents , the kids , and the cousins - - the food was good , and everybody got what they wanted .
para-0159	Hello ! Tomorrow I'm going to need a wake-up call .	Not a problem . What time shall we call you ?	I always hit the snooze button , so give me two calls , one at 7 and another at 7 fifteen .	It'll be our pleasure . We'll call you at 7 and then at 7 fifteen .	Oops , cancel that . Change the second call to 7 thirty will you , please ?
para-0160	Is there anything else , apart from the Credit Rating and Debt to Asset Ratio ?	There is the Balance of Net Liabilities . This must not exceed its net assets and no business loss can be shown during the past two years .	Right , OK . That , again , shouldn't be a problem .	And the total ratio of return on assets should not be lower than the average , for that particular industry , for the first two quarters of the year .
para-0161	You guys are charging me $ 10 for a movie that I never ordered or saw .	Let's see , sir . According to your file , you watched ' Titanic ' Monday evening .	Well , the wrong information is in my file . I was at a concert Monday night .	Well , your word overrules the file , sir . One moment , please .	I knew you'd see it my way .	Sir , I deleted the $ 10 , but I had to add a $ 2 service charge to your bill .	Am I in the Twilight Zone ? You're charging me for a movie I never saw ?	Please don't blame me , sir . Blame the computer programmer .
para-0162	Next , please . May I help you , sir ?	Hello , yes , I ’ d like to open a bank account .	Certainly , I can can help you with that . What type of account would you like to open ? A chequing or a savings account ?	What What features do they offer ?	Well , if you just take a look here , see , with our chequing account , you can have unlimited daily transactions for a small monthly fee , and our savings account has a higher interest rate , but you must carry a minimum balance of $ 10,000 dollars .	I see , well , I think I ’ m more interested in a chequing account . I like to have easy access to my money .	Alright , then , with this chequing account you ’ ll be issued a debit card and a cheque book . Will you require overdraft protection ? There is an extra fee for that .
para-0163	Yeah , look at all those new buildings going up ! Mr . Zhang , the traffic is pretty smooth . But we were told the roads from the airport to downtown were quite crowded and traffic jams could be as long as half an hour .	Yes , they were . But it has already past . The traffic from the airport to downtown has been relieved after the completion of Yan'an Aerial Road .	We've never expected that Shanghai is such a big metropolis , same as New York city . David , would it be a good idea to rent a car here ? I've got an international driver's license with a pretty good record in the States .	That's wonderful . OK . I'll remember that . But I have to warn you that you must drive very carefully in the downtown area , for there're no separate lanes for motor vehicles and bicycles in some places , and still quite a few people don't take road regulations seriously .
para-0164	hi , Mary ! What do you like to do in your spare time ?	well , I spend a lot of time watching movies .	what a confidence ! I always watch a lot of movies , too .	oh really , Frank ? What kind of movies do you like ?	actually , I watch whichever movie there is , be it a comedy , a sci-fi or a suspense movie . How about you ?	art films are my favorite , but thrillers are cool , too .	really impressive . These two genres are totally different .	sure . I enjoy both of them very much .	how often do you go to the cinema ?	once in a while , I suppose , I usually rent movies at Movie Salon .
para-0165	Hi . What's your name ?	My name is Jung Min . What's your name ?	My name is Jessica . It's nice to meet you .	Yes . It's nice to meet you too . Are you a new student too ?	No . I'm a sophomore . I take it you are a new student ?	Yeah . It's pretty exciting to be here .	Have fun while it lasts . The excitement wears off real quick . Especially after you see how much homework you get . Where are you from ?	I'm from Korea . My parents wanted me to go to an American university , so I came here .	I have never been to Korea . I've been to Japan before , but never Korea .	Why were you in Japan ?	My father thought it would be a good experience to take a vacation to a different country . He's so into learning about different cultures .	That's pretty cool .	I thought it would have been more fun if I went without my parents .	Well , if you ever want to visit Korea , I would be happy to show you around .	Thanks for the offer . I'll keep that in mind . Oh , the professor is coming . We'll talk more after class .
para-0166	Bill , do you know if the cafeteria around the corner's open today ?	Yes . They were open this morning when I came to work . They must've finished remodeling . Why do you want to know ?	Well , I thought that maybe we could go there for lunch today . That is , if you haven't promised to go with someone else .	That'd be wonderful , Peter . But I hope you're in a better mood than you were this morning .
para-0167	Have you seen the tower in front of us . That's the famous Eiffel Tower . It was built in 1889 for the World's Fair .	How tall is this building ?	It stands 320m ( 1050ft ) high and held the record as the world's tallest structure until 1930 .
para-0168	Hi , could we have two orange juice smoothies ?	Would you like those with yogurt ?	Sure , why not ?	What else would you like to add ? We highly recommend caterpillar fungus .
para-0169	What can I do for you , miss ?	I am looking for a pair of shoes .	Do you like high heels or flat shoes ?
para-0170	I'd like to apply for a credit card . Can you help me with my application ?	I'd be glad to .	I'm afraid that I don't have a credit history . I just came to this country .	Do you have an account with this bank ?	I'm afraid not .	In that case I highly recommend you apply for a savings and checking account also . That would help with your credit card application .
para-0171	Excuse me , I would like to know something about this campus . Right now it seems very big and confusing ! I have no idea where I am going or what I am doing .	Do you have a map of the campus ?	Yes , I have , but it doesn ’ t help me very much . I ’ m not very good at reading maps .
para-0172	I was just watching a documentary on TV about how people use dogs for various purpose . It was very interesting .	I love dogs . They have been used as guards for centuries . Nowadays , they are often used to find illegal drugs and bombs by the police and customs officers .	The documentary also pointed out that they are used by shepherds to round up sheep and by rescue workers to find people trapped under rubble or snow .	Horses are useful to people too . We use them for sports and recreation .	Don ’ t forget that horses are still used in many countries to pull ploughs and carts .
para-0173	Hey Jimmy . Let's go workout later today .	Sure . What time do you want to go ?	How about at 3:30 ?	That sounds good . Today we work on Legs and forearm .
para-0174	I would like to watch the Oscars on tv tonight . How about you ?	Yes , I ‘ d love to . it ’ s interesting to see who is considered the best in their field and which film are thought to be particularly good .	I like watching it for the fashion . I like to see what the ladies are wearing . Of course , the men nearly always just wear the traditional tuxedo .	Sometimes the men wear flamboyant colours . Which films do you think will win awards this year ?	I ‘ m really not sure . Usually just one or two films look set to sweep the awards ceremony , but this year there are several contenders .	You ’ re right . This year should be much more exciting than usual . What ’ s you favourite award category ?	You might think this strange , but I like the category for best foreign language film .	It ’ s nice to see foreign language films making a little impact on Hollywood . I like the best actor and actress .
para-0175	The restaurant across the street hired a new Chinese chef , so I ordered some Chinese food there for this evening .	Good . I love Chinese food . What did you order ?	Something hot and spicy . They look very inviting on the menu . You are going to love them .	Maybe we can find a place to learn some Chinese cooking . I hear there's a place in Chinatown where you can take some courses . Are you interested ?
para-0176	Hide me , Yi-jun ! The kids all think I'm the real Easter bunny !	Aw , that's sweet ! I knew your costume would be a success .	It's a success all right . The kids keep trying to catch me .
para-0177	In foreign trade , exporters have to adjust their product in a timely manner .	How to adjust ?	Exporters must ensure that their product satisfies customers ' needs , wants and likes .	Ah , some products are successful at home , but not be popular overseas .	That's because the fashion , taste and social customs and so on vary considerably .	Yes , sometimes the differences are great .	Well , we should be in accordance with national conditions and adjust the product .	We have to ensure that the product should be attractive to guarantee sales .
para-0178	Good day ! Welcome to Lincoln Bank , how may we assist you ?	Hello . I need to find out if a Receipt of Proceeds has arrived . I'm from Felix Wasserman Associates .	Thanks . Have you got the L / C number ?	It's NX567822100007 .	Hang on a tick and I'll check for you . I'm sorry ; we have no record of that arriving .
para-0179	Should we ask Jason to play ? He's always watching movies on HBO .	I guess we should invite him . I just hope he doesn't start talking about Sylvester Stallone and Arnold Schwarzenegger again .	Oh , come on ! The game is better with three people . Anyway , if we don't ask him to play , he'll be mad .
para-0180	What seems to the trouble Mr Brown ?	I ’ m in pretty bad shape , Doctor Ford .	Oh , In what way .	No appetite , always unaged and I can ’ t sleep well .	Did you lose any weight ?	YES . I ’ Ve lost quite a few pounds since last month .	when was the last time you have track up ?	About two month ago .	Let me take your blood pressure . You look anilic . Well , Mr.Brown . I ’ m happy to say it ’ s nothing serious . You just a little run down from overwork .	What am I suppose to do ?	I think you ’ ll needs just vacation . Try to get out doors more . I ’ ll be sure if you get more rest .
para-0181	The restaurant across the street hired a new Chinese chef , so I ordered some Chinese food there for this evening .	Good . I love Chinese food . What did you order ?	Something hot and spicy . They look very inviting on the menu . You are going to love them .	Maybe we can find a place to learn some Chinese cooking . I hear there's a place in Chinatown where you can take some courses . Are you interested ?
para-0182	Look , here is a very special business card from an illustrator . Every time I go through my book of business cards , I will notice it . It is an eye-catching one .	Wow , fantastic . I like the font and color for his name . It is creative yet personal .	Yes , it is a bold design . People will believe he can make an illustration as an impressive as a business card . It just stands out from those plain and standard ones used by government people or other big private and public organizations .
para-0183	Say , what's your favorite sport ?	Mmmm ... it's hard to say . I like golf a lot-but I guess I like tennis better .	Do you play much tennis ?	Yes , quite a bit . How about a game sometime ?	Sorry . I'm strictly a spectator-football , baseball , basketball , golf ... I watch them all .
para-0184	Would you check the engine , please ? It is knocking .	Sure . Do you want to have the car washed ?	Yes , please . When can you get it done ?	You can pick it up in half an hour . By the way , how are you going to pay , cash or credit ?
para-0185	how are you doing today	fine . are you from one of my law classes ?	how are you doing today	fine . are you from one of my law classes ?	no i am not . where do you go to school	by talking to me , you legally consent not to steal my info for tests . okay ?
para-0186	hello . how are you this evening ?	great ! how are you ?	hello . how are you this evening ?	great ! how are you ?	i am alright , long day of pediatrics . , reading , and running ! all things i love .	oh wow , i just got my degree as a registered nurse !	that is really awesome ! my wife is a nurse , and my two children want to be doctors !
para-0187	hey there how are you	hey . i am fine and what about you ?	hey there how are you	hey . i am fine and what about you ?	slightly stressed out , had a very very long weel	what does weel means ? i never heard of this	sorry , typo error on my part , week . what do you do for work ?	oh it is ok . i do not work yet do you ?	i work at mcdonalds unfortunately	how old are you ?	i am nineteen , what about you	i am 24 . did you finish high school ?	yes , last year . thinking of starting college	you should start college you will have a better job	so people say , but degrees do not mean jobs magically appear	this is true . now days is hard to find a job even you have degree
para-0188	how are you this evening ?	yo ! i am great . eating sushi . what are you up to ?	how are you this evening ?	yo ! i am great . eating sushi . what are you up to ?	oh , sore . i had surgery last week . i have 2 dogs that are big wanting attention .	what was the surgery ? i would be bummed since i run every day .	my knee . yes , i play frisbee and it sucks .	how long are you off the knee ? i like working out , so i hope soon .	well , off the knee for 3 more weeks at least .	well , not too long . you can listen to rap and work the arms .	yes . that any my sardine breakfast i have every day .	no sardines for me . i eat vegan . but salad works .
para-0189	hi there how are you dong	great . just got finished eating sushi . . my favorite . you ?	hi there how are you dong	great . just got finished eating sushi . . my favorite . you ?	yum ! i am a vet so i just got home . sick cat tonight	aww . listening to rap now , my favorite genre .
para-0190	super excited that deer hunting season is almost here . do you have hobbies ?	i have been doing taekwondo since i was a kid , but enjoy softball now	super excited that deer hunting season is almost here . do you have hobbies ?	i have been doing taekwondo since i was a kid , but enjoy softball now	you are very athletic , but i bet that kung fu would not beat my guns	i am not a violent person really . i am in the choir at church !	i attend church sunday faithfully . are you calling me violent ?	i would not fight you , instead i would have you over for italian food	as long as i can bring my family . they live right up the road	you can bring the family . do they like to sing ?	yes . we can also talk about the second ammendment and how you should not fear guns
para-0191	hello how are you today	i am doing well . i just wish the weather was better	hello how are you today	i am doing well . i just wish the weather was better	i hope you feel better . what do you do for a living	i am a professional stripper , what you do ?	i am an exotic veterinarian but i play guitar in a band on the weekends	oh wow , i love animals too . i like animals more than i do people	i do too i really like reptiles . where are you from	baby , i am from houston , texas . but i am in chicago right now	i grew up in los angeles but moved to miami	yo , i hear its real hot in miami , they got it going on	it is but i go to the beach a lot .	that is real cool . i am so tired , i do not feel like hitting this stage	do you like to read or play video games	i love reading especially on watt pad	i love books in the drama genre and play rpg videogames
para-0192	hi i am a bit shy but it is nice to meet you	i met alot of shy people when i studied abroad it is ok	hi i am a bit shy but it is nice to meet you	i met alot of shy people when i studied abroad it is ok	where did you study ? my mother studied abroad for her degree	i studied in norway , but i gave it up to chase my dream of making model cars	have you actualized your dream ? i am on the pro circuit of making model spaceships	i had to stop because i just became a father . . . . to 9 puppies by my dog ginger	my mother is a doctor can she adopt one for her experiments ?	maybe . it would cost 1000 trying to recreate the titanic	very costly yes . my mother may be able to genetically reengineer your boys	can she remake jack . i have seen it 10 times	is poor jack the runt of the litter ? unlikely but maybe . .
para-0193	hi . how is your day going ?	great , just got home from work . how are you ?	hi . how is your day going ?	great , just got home from work . how are you ?	not bad . the teens at the shelter were great today . what is your profession ?	i work at a help desk . so you work with homeless teens ?	yep . i am a mentor of sorts . thinking of cooking . you had supper ?	i did , i eat dinner while watching the news . what are you cooking ?	italian food . chicken alfredo . sigh .	is that not your favorite food ?	yep . what is your favorite food ?	i like to eat chinese and italian	i met my husband at taekwondo class . he is chinese .	oh how fun ! do you have children or pets ?	no . not yet . do you have family or pets ?	no , no pets or husband . i work a lot	yeah . life is full sometimes . i spend my spare time singing .
para-0194	hello . i work as a batista . how about you ?	what is that ? like to shop i do which is why i am here lol	hello . i work as a batista . how about you ?	what is that ? like to shop i do which is why i am here lol	yes i do . i also enjoy playing guitar . where is your family from ?
para-0195	hey , how are you doing tonight ?	i am well just got in from playing with the dolphins . how are you ?	hey , how are you doing tonight ?	i am well just got in from playing with the dolphins . how are you ?	the football team or the animal ?	animal . my home is under water . where do you live ?	what do you live in a sea lab or a sub ? i live in my dad	the sea is my home . the aquatic creatures are my friends .	that is so wild . i like the beach , but i never imagined . are you merkin ?	sure you could call it that . do have any hobbies ?	wow . yeah i like horses	how old are you ? i spend all day at school ! i would rather be playing .	i am 29 . i actually live in my dads car dealership	do you sell cars too	yeah , he thinks i have a house , but i have been living at work	why ? are you broke ? i like having dinner at home every day !	yeah i blew all my cash , i am supposed to host thanksgiving too
para-0196	hey there . how is it going ?	not bad . currently writing my third novel . all about romance .	hey there . how is it going ?	not bad . currently writing my third novel . all about romance .	how long have you been writing for ?	over 20 years . living far away on an island helps me gather thoughts .
para-0197	hi there . how are you tonight ?	good . is english your native tongue ? it is mine .	hi there . how are you tonight ?	good . is english your native tongue ? it is mine .	yes it is . what do you do for work ? i am employed at a research facility .
para-0198	hi ! how are you ? do you like poker ? it is my favorite card game	i used to like it , but my job does not get me enough money .	hi ! how are you ? do you like poker ? it is my favorite card game	i used to like it , but my job does not get me enough money .	oh ? what is your job ? i am studying to be a teacher in college	i work at a fast food place , but want to go to college sometime .	that is awesome ! good luck who is your favorite singer ? i love ed sheeran .	i am more into heavy rock . fits my life as i lived with my aunt growing up .
para-0199	good evening , i am taking a study break , how are you tonight ?	i am well . i just got home from hairdresser school .	good evening , i am taking a study break , how are you tonight ?	i am well . i just got home from hairdresser school .	that is awesome , it is really tough being a two year law student .	try having to cook for two sons after school ! ha ha	i bet that can be challenging , it sounds like success is important to both of us .	yes it is . what do you usually eat for breakfast ?	how long is your program ? i like cream of wheat maple syrup . what about you ?	it is 2 years . i love to eat granola for breakfast , every day .	that is great , i am done two years i have a couple more to go .	that is great . i have been saving up for some vintage 50s decorations lately .
para-0200	good evening , i have a nice glass of scotch here , it has been a long day .	usually after a long day , i prefer a nice glass of wine .	good evening , i have a nice glass of scotch here , it has been a long day .
para-0201	hello how are you ? i mistakenly ate some mango today , it bothered my allergy	i am doing very well , thank you . i am sorry to hear that .	hello how are you ? i mistakenly ate some mango today , it bothered my allergy
para-0202	did you have loving parents as a child ?	sadly no . that is why i have a crappy job at as an animal cage cleaner	did you have loving parents as a child ?	sadly no . that is why i have a crappy job at as an animal cage cleaner	same as me . have you considered a job that does something different ?	i love art and want to be a famous artist .	i am not a fan of art , but i am considering getting a college degree .	well it is either that or join the circus as an act with webbed toes	that would be better than to work at a fast food place .	really . why do you think that ?	that is just how my family raised me . you disagree , i am sure .	yeah definitely . your family raided you to be pessimistic ?
para-0203	hi , how are you ? studying for a test tomorrow .	hey ! me too , and i just got back from the arctic . studying what ?	hi , how are you ? studying for a test tomorrow .	hey ! me too , and i just got back from the arctic . studying what ?	have a test in childhood education tomorrow . wow about the arctic .	cool . i study international law . met my girlfriend abroad .	no boyfriend here , but playing tennis with a new guy tomorrow .	yeah ? active , huh . me too . i am flying out again after my exam .	yes , active . love sports and dancing to rap music .	my dog is better at dancing than i am !	i love dogs , but do not have one . i hang with several friends who do .	the great thing about them is , you can travel with them .	how much extra does it cost if they fly with you ?	not all that much . a buddy of mine shares his plane with me .	sweet ! maybe someday , after college , i could learn to fly .
para-0204	hi , how are you ?	i am doing good . listening to some john denver .	hi , how are you ?	i am doing good . listening to some john denver .	awesome ! i am a huge music fan . taylor swift is my absolute favorite singer	oh . what do you like to do ?	what do you like to do in your spare time ?	i love horses . i grew up on a ranch .	that must have been great .	it was . i also like to garden and cook .	how fun ! i attend a cooking class here in the city .	what is your favorite thing to cook ?	the grocery store i work at sells amazing fresh veggies .	i use a lot of the veggies i grow to cook with .	i like to cook up a nice stir fry	i try to eat healthy . i work out a lot .
para-0205	hello , do you like tupac ?	i love tupac . he is great to listen to while weightlifting .	hello , do you like tupac ?	i love tupac . he is great to listen to while weightlifting .	i listen to him while playing tennis and running .	that sounds bold . you remind me of theodore roosevelt . who do you look up to ?	indiana jones . i want to be just like him .	i used to act out his movies at home with my sister .	my friends and i do that as well . it is so fun .	we should get together and act . we could pretend to rescue rabbits for my blog .
para-0206	hey , i am here with my dogs , timbo and bananas	i love dogs ! we have a lot of them on my horse ranch .	hey , i am here with my dogs , timbo and bananas	i love dogs ! we have a lot of them on my horse ranch .	that is awesome ! what do you do with your horses ?	i train horses for a living . what do you do ?	i play frisbee competitively and it is so much fun	that is great ! i exercise every day to stay healthy and eat from my garden
para-0207	hello . how are you today ?	feeling a little scared because i heard a dog barking outside . you ?	hello . how are you today ?	feeling a little scared because i heard a dog barking outside . you ?	i am wonderful . i just had a huge slice of cake to feed my cravings .	i am having a glass of scotch on the rocks while watching the dark knight	coolio ! i could use some of that . i am going g to the club tonight .
para-0208	i am always trying to reserve for other but how are you	just got off work mcdonalds is not cutting it i might go back to school	i am always trying to reserve for other but how are you	just got off work mcdonalds is not cutting it i might go back to school	i mean to say that introvert is my personality my cats serve them love me	i cant stop thinking of my real parents they aban	your parents that do they live in a faraway island just like me	i do not know since they abandoned me	hey i m actually into writing specially romance novel	nice maybe il study writing does it pay any good ?	it s really good i suggested for you	what are your plans for the rest of the week ?	i will just continue on writing	will you ever make your novel into a movie ?	if it will be a hit and then i will	nice i wish i read more i usually just watch the movie
para-0209	hello , how is your day going	hi . my day is good . i am hanging out with both of my sons .	hello , how is your day going	hi . my day is good . i am hanging out with both of my sons .	cool , sounds like fun . just as much fun as cross stitch and quilts	i love those crafts ! right now i am into my aquarium filled with exotic fish .	i am what you would call a baby boomer , explains the quilting passion	you might like my collection of decorations . they are 50s vintage !	sure , it would bring back old memories . especially when my dad served in the military	that is awesome . what do you eat for breakfast ? mine is granola every day .	oatmeal fan over here . my parents were immigrants , they raised me on oats everyday .
para-0210	hi how are you ? i feel woozy . someone must have spiked my iced tea	sorry to hear that . i feel great just finished working out .	hi how are you ? i feel woozy . someone must have spiked my iced tea	sorry to hear that . i feel great just finished working out .	i would rather do computer coding than work out . maybe i should change	i exercise daily and ride my horses . do you ride ?	no . i like country music festivals , and strumming country songs on my guitar	i am into horses , not much on computers , i grew up on a ranch .	i plan to spend my early twenties on a ranch .	cool , i like music by john denver , we ranchers like the country stuff .	true . maybe i will build a website for country music fans . kind of like spotify	computer novice here , but i garden ? i use my garden vegetables in my cooking .	i have always wanted to do that . it seems to becoming a trend	you sound very smart . i am a simple country girl who likes gardening and horses .	i like the simple life too . iced tea and country music , and i am in heaven	i like to grow organic and fix meals for my family . do you cook ?
para-0211	i just got back from a bike ride with my grandchildren .	that sounds lovely ! have you ever taken them to the zoo ? i love zoos !	i just got back from a bike ride with my grandchildren .	that sounds lovely ! have you ever taken them to the zoo ? i love zoos !	zoos are awesome ! i adopted my cat from the zoo	what kind of cat ? i do not have any pets .	you have to promise not to tell , having tigers is illegal	no need to worry , i am a nurse not a cop !	that is so cool . i am a nurses aide at the old folks home	how nice . sometimes i donate teddy bears to old folks homes i have a large collection	that is a nice thing to do . my grandchildren like teddy bears too	i have extras i can give them ! not the green ones that is my favorite color !	thank you ! i will have six happy grandkids ! can fido have one too ?	absolutely ! the collection is pretty large . what is your favorite color ?	i think yellow ? i like them all . green is a smart color
para-0212	meow meow . my cats say hello .	awww , my cat sammy says hi too	meow meow . my cats say hello .	awww , my cat sammy says hi too	lol . i write novels , mainly romance . my cats always make an appearance .
para-0213	hello , how are you doing today	i am doing well . i just took a break from writing my new novel .	hello , how are you doing today	i am doing well . i just took a break from writing my new novel .	what is your novel about ? i am a recent college graduate	it is actually a romance novel , but it has sci fi elements .	that sounds interesting , i would like to read it some day .	it should be out by the end of the year . do you have any pets ?	i do ! my beloved cat arizona . do you ?	i have some cats as well . two of them . they keep me company since i am isolated .	why are you isolated ? do you have siblings ? my brother was just married	i live on an island near greece . so i am introverted , but by location not personality .	i see , that sounds fascinating . i once read a biography whos author was from greece
para-0214	hi , i was a geology teacher awhile ago , please tell me something interesting about you	hey there what you up too	hi , i was a geology teacher awhile ago , please tell me something interesting about you	hey there what you up too	nothing much , i just got done finishing arctic exploring , ice fishing and stuff
para-0215	hello . how are you today ? just running dogs here .	i am good , are they your dogs ?	hello . how are you today ? just running dogs here .	i am good , are they your dogs ?	no . i have an obedience school . haha . got to pay fr the new house .	oh i see . are you good with dogs then ?	yeah . i am good with all animals . so tell me something about you .	i enjoy being in the outdoors , especially if i get to break out my tent .	i love nature . rather be dancing at a club .	i am not a good dancer but i love listening to loud music
para-0216	did you know that working at whole foods means you can ride a horse to work ? !	not really , i am studying at the university up state learning biology .	did you know that working at whole foods means you can ride a horse to work ? !	not really , i am studying at the university up state learning biology .
para-0217	hi , merna jean here , single and i love buying clothes . you ?	i am a middle schooler who absolutely loves pink floyd !	hi , merna jean here , single and i love buying clothes . you ?	i am a middle schooler who absolutely loves pink floyd !	get out ! me too ! i am an rn who loves rock .	that is sick ! i want to act when i am an adult	great ! why wait though ? you think being an rn is sick ?	sick as in cool ! i am too shy to start now . i just came out as trans	hmmm . i see . i just wish i can my first rn job . good luck .
para-0218	hey there . how are you ?	wonderful . just finished work . how are you ?	hey there . how are you ?	wonderful . just finished work . how are you ?	doing good ! what do you do for work ?	right now i am modeling . it is why i moved to this city . what do you do ?	that sounds exciting ! i work mentoring troubled teens .	that is why i do not ever want kids . where are you from ?	i do not have any of my own either . i am in north carolina . you ?	new york . a great place to be single ! married yourself ?	never been married . i am originally from new york actually	came here to be a singer . why did you leave ?	most of my family moved down here and i eventually followed them . singing is awesome !	it is fun . but modeling pays more ! you have hobbies ?	yes , i play softball and practice taekwondo . what are some of yours ?
para-0219	hello how are you today	not too bad , eating a ribeye at the moment	hello how are you today	not too bad , eating a ribeye at the moment	sounds good , i love steak	i love it almost as much as the sound system i have in my truck	yeah its great i go to the gym 3 times a week	i prefer hiking and camping , cardio at the gym is so boring	i have a lot of free time being single and living alone	you should get into healthcare like my mom , lots of nice ladies	i work in labor at the hospital .	what ? ! how are you single , you should eat more meat lad .	busy schedule its hard to find the time . i also enjoy my freedom	cannot blame you there . i know the feeling every time i take a camping trip	i drink lots of water and preferred it over everything . some find that weird
para-0220	hi , i love shrimp but cannot touch the shells and a handyman who fix cars .	hello i just became a father . it my first child i am so excited .	hi , i love shrimp but cannot touch the shells and a handyman who fix cars .	hello i just became a father . it my first child i am so excited .	congratulations ! the 1978 buick lesabre was a classic . you hunt ? i do .	i use to . i went to school overseas for year .	wow ! overseas ? i am a property manager . your going to be a good father . you sing ?	i do not sign but i love collecting model cars	that is great ! i hunt quail with my ex , doug . you need an apartment ?	no apartment . i have a do named ginger she is a golden retriever	oh okay . you have shellfish allergies ? i do .	no allergies . my favorite movie is titanic , i watched it ten times .
para-0221	hi there how are you doing tonight ?	pretty good . just studying , you ?	hi there how are you doing tonight ?	pretty good . just studying , you ?	i am just sitting here watching football . tho want to be play frisbee
para-0222	hello , how are you tonight ? i just got off work .	cool , doing well . where do you work ?	hello , how are you tonight ? i just got off work .	cool , doing well . where do you work ?	i am a maternity nurse , it is awesome . you ?	just sitting here watching lord of the rings for the 5th time this month	i have never seen it , nor read the books .	what shift do you work in maternity ? could be some great fantasy come out that department !	i work swing shifts . it is a great job .	books better than movies but a superb job here . how long are your shifts ?	i work 12 hour shifts . it is hard , but rewarding .	anything crazy happen there today ? baby ork or anything ?	i do not know , i was off today .	just got off work a day ago ? or are we in a time loop ?	i work weird shifts , and have only had four days off in a month .	crazy ! nurses are like elves bringing in new life into the world to fight evil	i like to dress the babies in superhero onesies .
para-0223	hello how are you ? do you have hobbies ?	great ! hello , i cook but i am not a chef . you have pets ?	hello how are you ? do you have hobbies ?	great ! hello , i cook but i am not a chef . you have pets ?	one dog but my new child takes up loads of my time .	awww . i am a screen write and read plays . you workout ?	more of a homebody . i make model cars when i have free time not much !	oh okay . i run and take long walks for exercises . are you dieting ?	i do love the movie titanic did you write that ? nope am not .	no but i wish i did . i own a dieting business that is why i asked . you sing ?	a little , in the shower . love that titanic song too .	get out ! me too ! grace and kelly are my cats . whats your fave car ?
para-0224	hi ! nice to chat with you . what kind of hobbies do you have ?	hi ! i like to collect teddy bears and volunteer for red cross . you ?	hi ! nice to chat with you . what kind of hobbies do you have ?	hi ! i like to collect teddy bears and volunteer for red cross . you ?	i like to call myself a bodybuilder , but its a body in progress ! ha !	that is nice . what do you do for a living ?	construction . family business . my mom is actually our secretary ! any siblings ?
para-0225	hi there , how are you ?	i am well . how are you	hi there , how are you ?	i am well . how are you	i am good . what do you like to do for fun ?	i sing in a popular band here in town . you ?	i work for a technology company .	interesting . you must be smart	i have a degree in computer science .	well one of my three sisters does too and she is super smart	i like building model spaceships in my free time .
para-0226	hello . i work as a batista . how about you ?	what is that ? like to shop i do which is why i am here lol	hello . i work as a batista . how about you ?	what is that ? like to shop i do which is why i am here lol	yes i do . i also enjoy playing guitar . where is your family from ?
para-0227	hello , how are you today ?	i am doing very well , trying to figure out which barbeque restaurant to have dinner .	hello , how are you today ?	i am doing very well , trying to figure out which barbeque restaurant to have dinner .	oh that sounds great ! i have some muffins baking in the oven as a treat for myself .	that sounds lovely . a lady i play racquetball with makes some great muffins .	big into racquetball ? i think the only exercise i get lately is walking my dog pedro .	i am . i am an admin assistant , and have to stay active all i can .	sounds cushy , i run around a lot since i am in the healthcare field .	it is stressful . i listen to fifties music to relax and remain calm .
para-0228	hi . just chilling to john denver after my work out . how about you ?	hi , just studying for my college exam . hows it going	hi . just chilling to john denver after my work out . how about you ?	hi , just studying for my college exam . hows it going	good . what are you taking in college ?	what kind of music do you like to listen to ?	john denver . how about you ?	i love playing sports so i am studying in the field of sports medicine .	interesting . work out each day myself . what sports do you like ?	what do you do on the weekends ?	spend time with my horses . you ?	what kind of horse do you have ? i hike .	a variety . my favorite is my arabian . i grew up on a ranch .	i am 22 how old are you ?	45 . but i do not look it . all the working out is working for me .	i grew up with morgans . i love horses .	beautiful horses . i garden and cook with fresh vegetables . do you have hobbies ?
para-0229	hey do you like classical music ? i love bach	bach is quite lovely . i enjoy listening to it with my friends here in the sea !	hey do you like classical music ? i love bach	bach is quite lovely . i enjoy listening to it with my friends here in the sea !	are you a mermaid ? i did not know they spoke english like me	why yes , we do speak english mostly . are there mermaids where you live ?	no , but i am trying to design a device to find them . i happen to be an engineer	i am just a student but i have heard some talk of engineers in our books	wow ! hey quick question do they have insects in the sea ?	we have alot of gross worms in the sea and pests that should be considered insects	i hate insecta . if you had bacon i would move underwater right away
para-0230	hi , how is it going ?	very well , thank you . i am getting ready to make dinner . how are you ?	hi , how is it going ?	very well , thank you . i am getting ready to make dinner . how are you ?	pretty good , just finished up working for the day , looking forward to dinner	what do you do ? i work with horses on my parents ranch .	that sounds like a lot of work , carpentry is my craft . that and super dad of 3	i do not have any children , i am a newly wed .	my wife is awesome , helped me quit drinking 5 years ago already
para-0231	hi , i am an rn and my dog is pedro .	hi i blog about rabbit rescues and compete as a body builder .	hi , i am an rn and my dog is pedro .	hi i blog about rabbit rescues and compete as a body builder .	you have any pets ? i can make , cook and eat muffins all day . you sing ?	no cooking i live with my little sister , also i do not sing but love tim mcgraw .	wow ! i stand five feet , single and sell stuff online .	that is awesome i buy many things online , mostly of my idol theodore roosevelt .
para-0232	hello ! are you listening to music this morning ? i love country	no but i am eating eggplant parmigiana !	hello ! are you listening to music this morning ? i love country	no but i am eating eggplant parmigiana !	you like italian food ? i have to get iced tea anytime i go to a restaurant	i love it the best ! even my dog charlie loves it !	i had a dog named charlie when i was 10 . that was 10 years ago	cool do you have any brothers or sisters ? i have both .	yes they are younger and still live at home	do you live with your parents as well ?	no since i got my first job coding and designing websites i moved out	i am in the stocks myself .	interesting . can you listen to music at work ? like country ?	no i wish , got to keep my head clear for trades .	oh yes that makes sense . i am glad i can listen to country while i work
para-0233	hey there how are you now ?	great spending time with my dog charlie he is a hoot	hey there how are you now ?	great spending time with my dog charlie he is a hoot	got any kids ? i do 2 sons .	no kids just brothers and sisters	i am in school to learn how to do hair	neat i follow the stock market carefully since becoming a stock broker
para-0234	how are you doing today ?	good and you ? i just got home from canada .	how are you doing today ?	good and you ? i just got home from canada .	what were you in canada for ?	my family lives there . i love the cheese soup .	i have never been . it is so far from oklahoma	i am in hawaii right now ! i am on the way to a massage appointment !	oh that must be really nice . it is beautiful there	gorgeous ! ! ! i love it here !	what do you do for work ?	i am an artist and i also do some coding such as web design .	that is impressive . i am a lawyer	what kind of lawyer ? what is your favorite kind of music ?	i work in litigation for criminal law suits . i love rock . what about you ?	i like it all . i love country . i can like to sing .
para-0235	hey there how are you today ?	i am doing good . so tell me where you are from ?	hey there how are you today ?	i am doing good . so tell me where you are from ?	i am from new york . i am in college soon .	i love new york . i stay in texas . what are your hobbies ?	my hobbies are fashion an clothes !	fashion is cool . i am an avid gamer playing second life .	awesome ! what is second life ? never heard of it	it is an online game where i portray a furry .	really ? cool , what kind of car do you drive ?	i do not drive since i work at home and online so much .	cool , i have a cute slug bug lol	lol i never heard of that . is it an actual bug ?	lol no , a volkswagen beetle .	lol oh okay . i never heard it called that before .
para-0236	hi there how are you	hello , i am great . just came back from running . how are you ?	hi there how are you	hello , i am great . just came back from running . how are you ?	i am good . just reading some of my fantasy books .	that sounds nice . i work at taco bell , are you employed ?	i am a tarot card reader . and medium .	sweet ! i throw down the cards in cleveland , where are you ?	chicago . not the best spot for readers .	i know what you mean . i get tired of the romantic questions .	same ! is there nothing else people want to ask about ? ? ! ! !	if there is , they are going to other readers .	true story . finally someone that understands it . haha .	lol . very well . same with all of the love spells .	yes ! does it ever end ? ! i love what i do though in any case .	how did you know you were a medium ?	i did not honestly . i realized the things i heard were spirits , and went with it	i have visions , mainly in dreams . it is hard at times .
para-0237	hello . do you like animals ?	i love all cute things ! babies are on the top of my list now	hello . do you like animals ?	i love all cute things ! babies are on the top of my list now	i love babies too ! right now i have 2 dogs . no cats . i hate them .	right ? ! i have actually been knitting hats for babies in hospitals for last few years	that is so cool ! i am only in middle school but i could do that .	i am a few years older , whats your favorite music ? mine is country !	i like rock and pop . i want to be an actor after high school .	that would be awesome , i want to be a chef since i love cooking	i love eating ! you can be my chef when i get rich and famous .
para-0238	hello , how are you tonight ?	great . how are you doing	hello , how are you tonight ?	great . how are you doing	doing good , just getting my girls down for the night .	how many do you have	three girls , do you have children ?	a boy and a girl . 12 and 9 . angelic monsters lol	one of each that is good . the girls can be a hand full .	who you telling . haha . my girl is a hundred times more stressful .	my mom was a teacher and i am not sure how she did it .	kudos to her . i am exhausted half way through the day .	yes , me to ! i was born later so she has lots of patients .	well good for her . do you like barbecue . i am a pro at it	i do like barbecue , it is one of my favorite .	how about scary movies ? those are my favorite	not a real fan of scary movies , but love the season !
para-0239	hi there , i am studying to be a marine biologist at the university . student here .	what is your hobby ? mine is cooking .	hi there , i am studying to be a marine biologist at the university . student here .	what is your hobby ? mine is cooking .	i just study . i do not drink or party . i am studious and concentrate on my work .
para-0240	i have a question for you . . . do you believe in magic ? ?	hmm like harry potter magic or like card tricks	i have a question for you . . . do you believe in magic ? ?	hmm like harry potter magic or like card tricks	like mermaids . because i am one .	oh wow i did not think those were real . learn something new everyday	true ! what do you do for fun ?	i paint portraits , animals , and landscapes . what do you do for fun	the usual exploring with my friends sea creatures and swimming around .	that sounds like fun . where do you live ? i live in new york city	new york seems nice . i live underwater in the mediterranean sea	wow it must be beautiful there . what kind of friends do you have	fish mostly . i love spending time with my family and then hanging out with friends .
para-0241	hi i work as a arctic explorer i used to be a geology teacher	hi i am retired i use to be a banker	hi i work as a arctic explorer i used to be a geology teacher	hi i am retired i use to be a banker	cool its fun to ice fish have you ever done that ?	no where i live it never gets cold enough for it	bummer for sure i love to find lost arctic things
para-0242	hello , how are you ? i am so bored !	hi . you should try building models . it is what i do to pass time	hello , how are you ? i am so bored !	hi . you should try building models . it is what i do to pass time	my girls do not like models . what else do you do to pass time ?	i play video games . i like games like destiny . traveling space . fighting aliens	my ex husband used to play video games . he left me with my three girls .	i am sorry . my mother raised me too . she was a doctor . put me thru school .	thanks . your mom sounds great ! mine was a teacher and my dad was a firefighter .	my mother showed me how to build model spaceships . it is what got me interested in computers	wow , you seem really into technology and computers . i am not good with computers .	i went to school for a computer science degree . i delve into my work by myself .
para-0243	hey there how are you ?	pretty great ! i am just eating a steak and potatoes	hey there how are you ?	pretty great ! i am just eating a steak and potatoes	i love superheros especially the dark movie kind .	they are really good . what is your favorite ?	really ? i enjoy me a good hard drink , scotch is my choice .	yummy . i drank a ton last week when i was at my friends wedding	whoa , i hope you were not sloppy drunk lol	just a little bit but i am sure he will forgive me haha	oh man lol , i like to write do you ?	i am more of a graphic design artist actually . what do you write ?	i like to write small short stories .	that is great . you should write one about my favorite band rush	give me information an i will try it . i just do not deal with dogs nope nope
para-0244	hey there w are you ?	pretty good . my three daughters and i just saw heart in concert .	hey there w are you ?	pretty good . my three daughters and i just saw heart in concert .	i despise cats , so devilish .	that is funny . mine just caught a mole today , it was yucky .	i can not stand my dad ugh	oh , my , you seem like you are having a bad day . need a hug ?
para-0245	hello ! i am so happy it is finally fall !	i am too , it really is my favorite season !	hello ! i am so happy it is finally fall !	i am too , it really is my favorite season !	mine too ! the weather is so perfect for ultimate frisbee .	it is also the best season for fashions , my future goals include being a designer !	my future goal is to find a girlfriend for timothy , my turtle .	aww so sweet ! i have put relationships on hold , but someday i see kids in my life .
para-0246	hi . i hale from wisconsin . where are you from ?	i am from upstate newyork how is wisconsin ?	hi . i hale from wisconsin . where are you from ?	i am from upstate newyork how is wisconsin ?	cold and snowy , at least in a few months . i love it .	i like the snow what is your favorite snow activity that you like to do ?	skiing . that and curling with my two brothers .	i never tried skiing maybe one day . how old are your brothers ?
para-0247	hello how are you doing ?	swimmingly . how are you ?	hello how are you doing ?	swimmingly . how are you ?	great thanks . i like to go hunting for polar bears	polar bears ? are those like , mythical creatures who cannot swim and live above ?	haha i hunt them to eat	oh no ! do you hunt mer people also ? ?	a few years ago i was a geology teacher hence i am fascinated by ice .	geology ? is that rocks or something ? i hide behind those sometimes .	my ex boyfriend taught me how to ice fish . you hide behind rocks ? that is nice	oh no . please tell me where he fishes so i can stay away ! !	do not be afraid . polar bears is good for eating	my sister got stuck in a fishing net once !
para-0248	hi how are you today	not bad just got done playing second life	hi how are you today	not bad just got done playing second life	very good do you have any cats ?	yes , i a also a furry	that is no good i am allergic	oh , i understand . i have some allergies too	do you wake up early ?	not really , i stay up late online	did you go to public school ?	not anymore because i am 28	oh i was homeschooled it was odd	i bet , in texas there are a lot of home schooled people
para-0249	hello . hold on , my dogs are begging for attention . how are you ?	hello , well , and you ? i love dogs ! cats i am allergic to .	hello . hold on , my dogs are begging for attention . how are you ?	hello , well , and you ? i love dogs ! cats i am allergic to .
para-0250	hey , are you a student , i traveled a lot , i even studied abroad	no , i work full time at a nursing home . i am a nurses aide .	hey , are you a student , i traveled a lot , i even studied abroad	no , i work full time at a nursing home . i am a nurses aide .	nice , i just got a advertising job myself . do you like your job ?	nice . yes i do . caring for people is the joy of my life .
para-0251	hi there , just got home from my job at mcdonalds and ready to chat .	i just got home from the synagogue . do you go to church ?	hi there , just got home from my job at mcdonalds and ready to chat .	i just got home from the synagogue . do you go to church ?	no church for me . i plan to job search for something better , any suggestions ?	you might like working in a paper comapny like they do on the office .	i would like college but no money , no help from my parents , i was unwanted .
para-0252	hello , how are you this evening ?	i am a doing great getting ready to enjoy reading a mystery .	hello , how are you this evening ?	i am a doing great getting ready to enjoy reading a mystery .	you like the arts , huh ? i am a musician . i focus on bluegrass .	bluegrass wow , that is pretty cool . what instrument ?	i sing , but for my profession i am a skater .	i drive trucks across the u . s . for a living .	ah , fun ! i used to work at hollister . that was back in high school , though .	cool , i love traveling although it can be lonely sometimes	sorry to hear that . i am eating right now . thankfully there are no chips !
para-0253	hey how s it going ? i love exercising	good . i love to party when i am not on the road performing gigs .	hey how s it going ? i love exercising	good . i love to party when i am not on the road performing gigs .	do you have some sisters ? i wish i had siblings	yes , i grew up with 3 sisters of my own . you are the only child .	yeah , but i have my pets to keep me company	how was your childhood ? i traveled with my dad in his semi .	it was okay , both my parents were fitness nuts	are you in school ? i never got the chance to finish high school .
para-0254	i am just sitting here making a dress . how are you ?	i am fine , just left the hospital	i am just sitting here making a dress . how are you ?	i am fine , just left the hospital	is everything okay with your health ?	oh yes . . . i work there as a nurse	my mom was a nurse in the army	cool . . . what do you do for a living	i sell clothing that i make . i also manage a program for environmental care
para-0255	hello . how are you today ? just running dogs here .	i am good , are they your dogs ?	hello . how are you today ? just running dogs here .	i am good , are they your dogs ?	no . i have an obedience school . haha . got to pay fr the new house .
para-0256	hello ! what do you do for a living ?	i am in school studying law	hello ! what do you do for a living ?	i am in school studying law	really ? so am i ! i want to be a lawyer .	i am the only child of lawyer parents . hopefully i will be successful .	where do you live while in school ? i live with my girlfriend and dog , max .
para-0257	hey how are you today	i am good . just finished eating some pizza .	hey how are you today	i am good . just finished eating some pizza .	i want to eat a pizza now .	come to my moms restaurant ! she makes great pizza .	i cant i work . i am a managerial consultant	oh . i work in my moms restaurant .	that is cool . what kind of music do you like	i listen to about anything , you ?	my fav band is metallica	oh . what do you like to do for fun ?	i like to play in the snow	oh ! i do not like cold . i like reading .
para-0258	hi , i sell shoes online , a meat eater and love the rush band . and you ?	my favorite music is rap , tupac is my favorite	hi , i sell shoes online , a meat eater and love the rush band . and you ?
para-0259	hello , i am someone who currently works in sales .	what do you sell ? i would like to be an actor	hello , i am someone who currently works in sales .	what do you sell ? i would like to be an actor	i just work with sales , but my real love is graphic design .	that is neat , what do you design	last week , i designed certain decorations for my friends wedding	that sounds neat ! do you have a favorite band	yea , my favorite band is rush . what is yours ?	pink floyd ! they rock . i am only 14 years old	that is cool . when i was 14 , i would eat everything . i still do .	ha ha . do you have any dogs ?	no , no dogs . do you have any ?	yes i have a ton , i love them . i cannot stand cats though !
para-0260	hi . do you have a favorite music group ? mine is heart .	sorry ! i am sort of shy .	hi . do you have a favorite music group ? mine is heart .	sorry ! i am sort of shy .	that is okay . heart really helped me through my divorce .	oh . i am sorry ! i had not heard of heart .	well , they remind me of my dad . he was a firefighter .	ah . i do not really listen music . i prefer to build models of spaceships .	that is so cool ! i could never do that . my mom read me stories about them .	my mom was a doctor and really encouraged my love of science .	my mom was a teacher .	oh that is awesome . my favorite teacher encouraged me to pursue computer science .
para-0261	whats up ? hows it going	pretty good , just finished a long shift in labor and delivery . where do you work ?	whats up ? hows it going	pretty good , just finished a long shift in labor and delivery . where do you work ?	so i am in school to be a hairdresser ?	that sounds nice ! do you have any children ?	no but i have fish which i consider to be my kids .	that is nice ! i have a dog , only child i want to have haha	do you have any hobbies	i go to the gym often . how about you ?	the healthiest that i get is eating granola	i have heard granola is good with milk . but the only thing i drink is water
para-0262	hi , my name is mindi . i am a tae kwan do champion	wow impressive ! are you single ? looking for my next wife	hi , my name is mindi . i am a tae kwan do champion	wow impressive ! are you single ? looking for my next wife	if you want to wait 12 years . . . look me up then . i just turned 12	oh dear , that is not good . well how are you today	i am looking forward to the carnival coming to town so i can ride the rollercoaster
para-0263	good morning . hows your day going ?	slow . school today , my lst year thank god .	good morning . hows your day going ?	slow . school today , my lst year thank god .	high school or college ? i am eating sardines , my life is so exciting .	high school . i am going to med school after i finish . auburn u	that sounds nice , did not finish myself , spend my days with my dogs and cleaning theaters .	well i am only 17 , would rather do something with fashion though	why not do that instead ? why med school ?	cause my pops wants it . one of those things .	well it is a good career , better than my jaunt into competitive frisbee .	lol ! try racing a beetle , that was something dad said no to right away	yeah i can imagine . those are dangerous . just waite till your on your own .	i do not want that day to come . i want to hold onto my youth !	i do not blame you , i would rather go back to being a kid myself .	oh i miss the days of crayons being my hardest decision already	yeah wait as long as you can for the adult game .
para-0264	hi ! i am headed to work at the hospital this morning . you ?	just relaxing . i work retail , so not as exciting as the hospital .	hi ! i am headed to work at the hospital this morning . you ?	just relaxing . i work retail , so not as exciting as the hospital .	i have been a nurse at this hospital for 35 years so not too exciting	i bet you have some crazy stories though .	the worst was when i treated a lady dressed like a cat . cats repulse me	i am not a cat lover either . i would rather deal with dogs .	my dad has 5 dogs and i do not enjoy him so dogs bother me too
para-0265	hello . how are you doing this evening ?	i am doing well thanks i am an attorney and working on cases	hello . how are you doing this evening ?	i am doing well thanks i am an attorney and working on cases	that is cool ! my job is in labor and delivery .	what a fun job . i live in ok and am a native american	nice . do you have kids ? i do not want any . i enjoy being single and alone .	i have 3 dis do you go to church i do no	no . i am too busy at the gym . i go several days each week .	i go climbing but am scared of heights	that is weird . what is your favorite drink ? water is the only thing i will drink .	i like ice tea . do you like sports ?	i do like sports . my favorite is football .	i like college the best what is your favorite food ?
para-0266	hi there how are you today ?	i am good , and how are you ?	hi there how are you today ?	i am good , and how are you ?	i am good just relaxing i am currently in south korea serving	i thank you for serving !	thank you where are you from i am from puerto rico	i am just packing to move to nyc !	wow that is awesome where from	i am originally from california though !	o ok well i hope you like it . i could never move there	how come ? i am moving to nyc for modeling !	i tend to be violent person with large crowds	also , i enjoy karaoke , but i am not very good at it !	i like it too with a few shots in me	i do not like crowes either . i like to stay to myself	yea most people my age want to be at bars and what not
para-0267	hello how are you doing	hello i am doing okay how are you	hello how are you doing	hello i am doing okay how are you	very good thank you tell me about you ?	i just turned 20 and am stationed in south korea .	what do you guys get to do in your spare time . i play frisbee	i target practice but the others read books and write home . i cant write home	what is that . no one to write too or another reason ?	i am from puerto rico so its hard for me to get letters to them	i see , well that can suck good thing you have internet right	yeah it is a great thing . what do you do for a living	i am unemployed right now looking for work in business marketing .
para-0268	hi there , i am jordan and a vet	hi jordan . that is my brothers name . he just got married	hi there , i am jordan and a vet	hi jordan . that is my brothers name . he just got married	that is nice where are you from	i was born in arizona so that is what i named my cat . you ?	i am from california but i moved to florida a year ago	do you like it ?	yeah everything but the snakes	i like to play the game snakes and ladders but nothing else about snakes is good	i like snakes , i have one just not venomous ones	i read a biography once about a snake charmer . interesting	well what do you do for fun	i play monopoly or risk or any board game really	i play video games a lot	i never really got into them but i like reading too . do you read ?	yes ! i love drama books and horror ones
para-0269	hey i am brianna hows it going	hi i am fine let us get to know each other some .	hey i am brianna hows it going	hi i am fine let us get to know each other some .	okay well i work in healthcare what about you	brianna is a beautiful name i work as a nurses aid with older people .	thank you , i know that is not a easy job to deal with	no it is not i also am employed in some fast food joints .	you do it all lol	i like to keep busy i love animals and sometimes i do not they bite .	me to i have a chihuahua mix named pedro	i bet he is so cute i live in apartment building that has low rent .	that is the worst part lol he is gets away with a lot of stuff because he is cute	my cat is bad he bites me a lot he has two colors .
para-0270	hi there . how are you	i am good . just got back from a run .	hi there . how are you	i am good . just got back from a run .	sounds fun . i just finished my favorite show one tree hill
para-0271	hi i am a bit shy but it is nice to meet you	i met alot of shy people when i studied abroad it is ok	hi i am a bit shy but it is nice to meet you	i met alot of shy people when i studied abroad it is ok	where did you study ? my mother studied abroad for her degree	i studied in norway , but i gave it up to chase my dream of making model cars
para-0272	hello there ! tell me about yourself ?	i for sure read an speak english	hello there ! tell me about yourself ?	i for sure read an speak english	that is helpful . i do as well and just graduated college .	i love pork , especially bacon .	bacon is good . i do not eat much meat though . do you have pets ?	really did not know lol , like bugs ? they are nasty .	bugs are okay but i prefer arizona , my cat .
para-0273	hello there new friend how are you this fine evening	i am doing great . just taking a break from working on my car .	hello there new friend how are you this fine evening	i am doing great . just taking a break from working on my car .	i just got done working with my horses , it is what i love doing .	that is great . i like to hunt in my spare time .	what kind of music do you like ?	i am not a big music fan . i prefer the silence . you ?
para-0274	hi how are you ? what do you do for work ?	i do not work . i am a full time student trying to get a degree in education	hi how are you ? what do you do for work ?	i do not work . i am a full time student trying to get a degree in education	that is awesome . i have a nursing degree and work in a pediatric hospital	what do you do for fun ? i live to hike and play rugby	i love finding flowers in my favorite color which is purple .	i actually was just running through a field of orchids whilst listening to lil weeze	as a devout catholic i love running through fields that the lord has created .
para-0275	hey i am jordan and i am a veterinarian . how are you doing today ?	i am joe and a pro skater	hey i am jordan and i am a veterinarian . how are you doing today ?	i am joe and a pro skater	oh nice . where are you from ? i am from cali but i am now in florida	i live in fl also . i used to work for hollister back in school	do you enjoy listening and playing music ? i am a musician , only on weekends	i love music and especially bluegrass which i can play good	i am pretty good with the guitar . and when i am not so busy i read drama books	i had a tail when i was born but had it cut off	what kind of tail did you get removed ?	i had super long hair . do you like sports ?	yeah , i like olympics if they count	that does i love the olympics especially the summer ones	oh yes . i like the track and gymnastics .	cool do you like to watch movies ?	yeah , who does not watch movies ? i recently saw it . it was good
para-0276	hi there ! how are you today ?	i am very good thank you , tell me about yourself ?	hi there ! how are you today ?	i am very good thank you , tell me about yourself ?	i just completed my rn . what do you do ?	thanks cool , i am park ranger i hike in nature for my job
para-0277	hello , i love fashion and hope to be a doctor one day . you ?	hello , i am an accountant from ohio . i have two boys and i am single .	hello , i love fashion and hope to be a doctor one day . you ?	hello , i am an accountant from ohio . i have two boys and i am single .	student , male , divorced , ex named doug . i own a beetle .	oh a beetle how cool . i have a boring honda civic . what are your hobbies ?	wow ! i make book covers in my free time . i am published also .	how amazing ! i love to go hiking . what books have you written ?	angel investor and if i can help someone are my recent books . hiking huh ?
para-0278	hello i am a real estate agent in canada where are you ?	hi there i teach biology college	hello i am a real estate agent in canada where are you ?	hi there i teach biology college	i work part time and care for my two children in kindergarten	that i am sure keeps you busy . do you get to travel ?	i only travel for environmentalist events	i see that is a noble cause i love traveling	i wish i had more time for travel but work has kept me busy last 12 years	i know how that is i like walking you	since i turned 34 , i prefer to walk	lol i do a lot of gardening love fresh fruits and veggies	my 2 kinds are really into growing things	that is awesome . hard work but rewarding	planting trees is rewarding for me	aw yes another good one to grow	i would prefer to be a tree planter than real estate agent
para-0279	i grew up with lots of family members in the military .	that is cool so did my husband . . i am a hippy and make my clothes	i grew up with lots of family members in the military .
para-0280	hi how are you ? i feel woozy . someone must have spiked my iced tea	sorry to hear that . i feel great just finished working out .	hi how are you ? i feel woozy . someone must have spiked my iced tea	sorry to hear that . i feel great just finished working out .	i would rather do computer coding than work out . maybe i should change	i exercise daily and ride my horses . do you ride ?	no . i like country music festivals , and strumming country songs on my guitar
para-0281	hey how are you today	hi ! i am doing well how are you ?	hey how are you today	hi ! i am doing well how are you ?	i am doing great ! just brought my newborn son home .	congratulations ! have you had to take time off work ?	yeah he is our first child so i took off to help adjust with him and our puppy	that is great that you have a job that you can do that !	yeah i really love my boss . what is your favorite movie ?	i love civil war movies . my hobby is collecting civil war antiques .
para-0282	hi i am 14 years old how old are you	i am a 40 year old man .	hi i am 14 years old how old are you	i am a 40 year old man .	i can not wait to see your age i am still a young man in middle school	you should enjoy being young . what do you want to do when you finish school ?	i want to be an big time movie actor what career are you in	i do maintenance and repair on homes . do you plan on attending college ?	yes i want to attend a broadway school pink floyd encouraged that	that is a great option to further your acting career . what do you enjoy doing for fun ?	i like to also play the piano what interest you	i enjoy finding old cars and making them new again . what is your favorite food ?	that is hard work i bet . i like japanese and you	i like to eat animals that i have killed myself . deer mostly , sometimes duck .	i will pass on the cute little deer but duck i can take
para-0283	i think i pulled a muscle on a hike . ever done that ?	yes , i have . on a hike for my homeschool biology class , to a waterfall .	i think i pulled a muscle on a hike . ever done that ?	yes , i have . on a hike for my homeschool biology class , to a waterfall .	that sounds amazing , do you hike a lot ?	when i can , i live in northern cali .	no way , i follow some rappers in cali ! do you like rap ?	i do , tupac is my favorite artist . i am building a robot that looks like him .	a robot ? are you an engineer ?	no , lol . only a teen girl with blue hair who loves cosplay .
para-0284	hi ! do you enjoy walking ? i am going out for a walk in my garden	i do enjoy walking ! i love to put my headphones on and walk around .	hi ! do you enjoy walking ? i am going out for a walk in my garden
para-0285	hi , i live in wine country , wrote a book at home , 17 with blue hair . you ?	i am a divorced mom with two kids and my job is an accountant .	hi , i live in wine country , wrote a book at home , 17 with blue hair . you ?
para-0286	hello how are you ? do you have hobbies ?	great ! hello , i cook but i am not a chef . you have pets ?	hello how are you ? do you have hobbies ?	great ! hello , i cook but i am not a chef . you have pets ?	one dog but my new child takes up loads of my time .	awww . i am a screen write and read plays . you workout ?	more of a homebody . i make model cars when i have free time not much !	oh okay . i run and take long walks for exercises . are you dieting ?
para-0287	hi there how are you today ?	i am super swell , got home from a good day at work	hi there how are you today ?	i am super swell , got home from a good day at work
para-0288	hello ! are you listening to music this morning ? i love country	no but i am eating eggplant parmigiana !	hello ! are you listening to music this morning ? i love country	no but i am eating eggplant parmigiana !	you like italian food ? i have to get iced tea anytime i go to a restaurant	i love it the best ! even my dog charlie loves it !
para-0289	hi ! i am watching morning news with my beloved husband . you ?	i am getting ready for work . i am a nurse .	hi ! i am watching morning news with my beloved husband . you ?	i am getting ready for work . i am a nurse .	what a great profession . you would probably tell me to work out more !	ha ha . i try not to preach . do you collect anything ? i collect bears .	i collect my favorite movies . bears are cute !	yes . i go to the zoo all the time to watch the bears .	sounds fun but i prefer to stay at home and watch tv with the hubby	it is nice to have someone to share activities with .	my husband is such a sweetheart . everyone loves him , especially me	how sweet . have you ever seen a green bear ?	no i have not . have you ?	no . it is my favorite color so i am on the hunt for one !	haha good luck ! maybe i can find a movie about a green bear
para-0290	hello , how are you today	hi . i am so tired from work . how are you ?	hello , how are you today	hi . i am so tired from work . how are you ?	tired as well , kids get me busy in my kindergarten class	are you a teacher ? my youngest is in kindergarten .	yes i am a teacher , i just started 2 years ago after finishing college	that is nice . i would go back to school but my husband works nights .	i can barely pay bills on teacher salary .
para-0291	good morning . hows your day going ?	slow . school today , my lst year thank god .	good morning . hows your day going ?	slow . school today , my lst year thank god .	high school or college ? i am eating sardines , my life is so exciting .	high school . i am going to med school after i finish . auburn u	that sounds nice , did not finish myself , spend my days with my dogs and cleaning theaters .	well i am only 17 , would rather do something with fashion though	why not do that instead ? why med school ?	cause my pops wants it . one of those things .	well it is a good career , better than my jaunt into competitive frisbee .	lol ! try racing a beetle , that was something dad said no to right away
para-0292	hi ! i just got back from a run . what are you doing ?	hello , i am just playing some online poker .	hi ! i just got back from a run . what are you doing ?	hello , i am just playing some online poker .	i can not afford to gamble . i work at a fast food restaurant .
para-0293	after the wedding , i graduated from college . amazing experience .	which one was amazing ? i just graduated too .	after the wedding , i graduated from college . amazing experience .	which one was amazing ? i just graduated too .	i have a cat named arizona , who is like the wife of my brother .
para-0294	hi , how are you , how is doing	how are you doing i am fine thank you .	hi , how are you , how is doing	how are you doing i am fine thank you .	i am ok , what your hobbies	i love doing make up hair and i am a great cook .	you like sing , i like sing very much	i used to be employed in a nursing unit . yes singing i sing great .	i am a model from new york	i wished i could model i like to go bike riding .	fine thanks nice talking to you	you to a model is a great job i like to take care of folks .	are you married i am a single	i am not married yet i have a daughter and three grands .	what is your daughter doing	my daughter lives with her boyfriend . i have animals a dog and cat .	nice , i like also animals	yes they are very good friends and good for depression .
para-0295	hello . what do you love to do ?	i love to hunt an i have 3 guns , you ?	hello . what do you love to do ?	i love to hunt an i have 3 guns , you ?	yeah i am in the army .	cool , do you drive any big trucks ? i have a ford pick up	yes . the army trucks are big here in south korea .
para-0296	i have the world record for the most tattoos	that is awesome ! i am retiring in five years .	i have the world record for the most tattoos	that is awesome ! i am retiring in five years .	you should get a tattoo to celebrate ! !	i have them , my favorite is of a barbecue pit .	oh i like that . my favorite is the one in my right nostril .	i play racquetball , maybe i should get one of that .	that would look awesome on your shoulder ! my roommate in chicago has one there .	i have an oldies jukebox on my back !	i play my tattoo guitar on my abdomen . totally beats the air guitar .
para-0297	hello , how is your day going ?	my day is going fine , and yours ?	hello , how is your day going ?	my day is going fine , and yours ?	its been okay although a little sore from working out	i am tired , as well . i had a long day in court	wow , what type of law do you practice ?	i am a prosecutor . had a big animal neglect case today . i hate to see animals mistreated	i love animals . i managed a blog on rabbit rescues once	nice . it is the belief of my people that animals are sacred	i compete in bodybuilding in my spare time .	sounds like a lot of physical work . i spend time with my 2 dogs for fun	yes it is i moved in with my little sister because she lives near my preferred gym .	very convenient . i live on a reservation in oklahoma	ok , by reservation you mean indian correct ? if so , our families identified by tribes ?
para-0298	hi ! do you enjoy walking ? i am going out for a walk in my garden	i do enjoy walking ! i love to put my headphones on and walk around .	hi ! do you enjoy walking ? i am going out for a walk in my garden
para-0299	hello , do you want to go for a walk with me and my fur babies	hi , what are fur babies ?	hello , do you want to go for a walk with me and my fur babies	hi , what are fur babies ?	they are just pets . my cats and dogs .	that is cool . i wish i could but my family takes up most of my time .	oh . i have a lot of grandbabies	i am married with kids , you ?	just my grandbabies . i wish i had a husband i could care for .	yeah , i am lucky to have a great husband , he has his own business .
para-0300	hello and how are you ?	i am good , how are you ?	hello and how are you ?	i am good , how are you ?	tired from too many parties .	i used to party a lot but i have been sober for 5 years .	oh , we had a graduation party from college for me .	congratulations ! what is your degree in ?	math . also had a wedding reception for my brother .	that is great . do you come from a big family ?	no , just two of us . i read a lot to keep busy , you ?	i enjoy poker , but my three kids keep me pretty busy .	poker , you can use math there . count cards ?
para-0301	hi , tracy here . divorce , two kids , ex named doug .	hi , its good you are part of your kids lives i did not know my mother .	hi , tracy here . divorce , two kids , ex named doug .	hi , its good you are part of your kids lives i did not know my mother .
para-0302	hey there how are you today ?	i am good . you ? what do you do for a living ?	hey there how are you today ?	i am good . you ? what do you do for a living ?	i am in the stock market industry	i used to by a geology teacher . now , i go arctic exploring . ice is interesting .	how about yourself ? i miss my old folks .	i am in search for lost explorers . i want to help them to go home .
para-0303	hello . how are you doing ?	i was good until i just cut my finger wide open and had to stop the bleeding	hello . how are you doing ?	i was good until i just cut my finger wide open and had to stop the bleeding	i am sorry ! i saw lots of blood in the army . i went in after high school .	i am glad my mom is a medical doctor . i can just ask her what to do .	that is a great asset . my mom has never been in my life .	i had a choice , go in the army or get a computer science degree .
para-0304	hi , i was a geology teacher awhile ago , please tell me something interesting about you	hey there what you up too	hi , i was a geology teacher awhile ago , please tell me something interesting about you	hey there what you up too	nothing much , i just got done finishing arctic exploring , ice fishing and stuff	cool , my mom had a hard job as a army nurse	is she still working there ?	no thank god , i kind of got a cat it was a stray	is that your passions cat ? i like to find long lost arctic explorers	no it is not mine is clothes an singing folk music	well whatever keeps your mind active , i was a geology teacher and it was boring
para-0305	how are you this evening ?	yo ! i am great . eating sushi . what are you up to ?	how are you this evening ?	yo ! i am great . eating sushi . what are you up to ?	oh , sore . i had surgery last week . i have 2 dogs that are big wanting attention .	what was the surgery ? i would be bummed since i run every day .	my knee . yes , i play frisbee and it sucks .	how long are you off the knee ? i like working out , so i hope soon .	well , off the knee for 3 more weeks at least .	well , not too long . you can listen to rap and work the arms .	yes . that any my sardine breakfast i have every day .	no sardines for me . i eat vegan . but salad works .	i like salads as well .	and beans . but my favorite is sushi . vegan sushi .	i dropped out of high school but i knew enuf to eat my beans !
para-0306	hi how are you today	hi . i am good . i am from new york city . where do you live ?	hi how are you today	hi . i am good . i am from new york city . where do you live ?	i live with my parents . do you work ?	yeah . modeling . keeps me single . i travel too much . how about you ?	i am a nurse which also keeps me single too	that is an important job . stressful though . what do you do in your spare time ?	i ride my bike around mostly	healthy hobby . i practice acting , hoping to some day get my big break .	sounds like fun do you have siblings ?	no , i am a bit of a loaner . do you have siblings ?	i do not but i have 3 adult kids	its great to have family . i want to find love , but no kids for me .	i do enjoy caring for people	yeah . i sing for people sometimes .	very nice that sounds angelic	i hope so . growing up i watched lots of shirley temple movies .
para-0307	hey , nice to meet you . what are you hobbies ?	hello , how are you today ? i fight for environmental rights .	hey , nice to meet you . what are you hobbies ?	hello , how are you today ? i fight for environmental rights .	oh cool . i am well . i grew up on a horse ranch . still there .	that sounds neat . i actually work selling homes . so you ranch ?	yes . i love taking care of my horses .	my kids would love to see your horses .	well you are welcome to visit .	thank you . are you considering college ?	oh i already went . this place makes me exercise every day .	i bet it does ! working in real estate is not much exercise .	arming is handful but i do get to cook with stuff from my backyard .
para-0308	he ; ; o . how are you this day	dogs really scares me , i live in an apartment that i rent	he ; ; o . how are you this day	dogs really scares me , i live in an apartment that i rent	they mess with my allergies . plus i have a military disability .	i am doing good and you ? i am a woman at age 32	i am a motherless lonesome fella . i am 46	sorry to heard that , i am single just to let you know	straight out of school to regular army i have been a bar hopper .	you kinda old , do you like to read books ? i read romance novels	i am kind of blind late so no	you still like the army ? i love watching movies and you ?
para-0309	hey there . how is it going ?	not bad . currently writing my third novel . all about romance .	hey there . how is it going ?	not bad . currently writing my third novel . all about romance .	how long have you been writing for ?	over 20 years . living far away on an island helps me gather thoughts .	i did not graduate from high school , so writing novels seems like a great achievement !	well , i keep to myself alot . not very social . wish i was more outgoing .	my two dogs are my best friends . do you have any pets ?	one dog and two cats . great companions . any children ?
para-0310	hi there how are you ?	i am good . how are you doing ?	hi there how are you ?	i am good . how are you doing ?	been pretty busy planning my move to new york next year	sounds time consuming . i just got home from work at the grocery store
para-0311	hello , how are you this evening ?	i m good i m playing for my next travel and adventure	hello , how are you this evening ?	i m good i m playing for my next travel and adventure	that sounds fun . i enjoy playing board games and reading biographies .	arctic and i m going to use that for my lessons in school as a teacher	i just finished school . i graduated from college .	so i switched to being interested in iceland geology teacher	oh , cool . do you have any pets ? my cat is named arizona .	nope but i do like polar beers i hunt them as food	that is awesome ! i saw a picture of one at the wedding of my brother recently .
para-0312	hi there . how are you ?	i am great . what are you doing up so late ?	hi there . how are you ?	i am great . what are you doing up so late ?	i don not know . i should be asleep . i am more of an early bird . you ?	i am definitely a night owl . you know chatting will nott help you sleep .	i know i have been working on s quilt and i do not wanna put it down	i know how that is . i love to craft but being colorblind makes it hard	oh really that sucks . what do you usually like to do then ?	i love to sing . sometimes i go sing karaoke .	oh fun . i have not done karaoke in a long time lol	you should , it is great fun !	i do not have much time . i homeschool my son so all my energy goes into that .
para-0313	hello . how are you today ?	i am good . how about yourself ?	hello . how are you today ?	i am good . how about yourself ?	slow . reading a book at the moment , romance of the paranormal persuasion	sounds interesting . i like reading but do not do it enough .	i work at my mas restaurant part of the time , i have too much time .	there is never enough time ! i am watching tv and catching up on old shows .
para-0314	hello ! can you believe that i am going to college next year ?	that is awesome ! where are you planning to go ?	hello ! can you believe that i am going to college next year ?	that is awesome ! where are you planning to go ?	auburn . i thought i would study fashion but i think will become a doctor .	fun stuff . . . i went to school to be a vet but i clean kennels now	sounds like you love animals ! i hope my volkswagen beetle does not break down .	that would suck ! whats your favorite car music ? mine is simple plan	i never heard of them . i am pretty young , 17 , but i love classical music .	interesting , i have been trying to date my boss niece who is the same age	is she in high school ? i am a senior at pine forest .
para-0315	hello , do you like tupac ?	i love tupac . he is great to listen to while weightlifting .	hello , do you like tupac ?	i love tupac . he is great to listen to while weightlifting .	i listen to him while playing tennis and running .	that sounds bold . you remind me of theodore roosevelt . who do you look up to ?	indiana jones . i want to be just like him .	i used to act out his movies at home with my sister .	my friends and i do that as well . it is so fun .	we should get together and act . we could pretend to rescue rabbits for my blog .	i have a blog as well , a photography one .	maybe i have seen it . my sister helps me distinguish red from green .	oh , you are color blind . my cousin is as well .	oh , coincidence ! it is weird looking at a picture of tim mcgraw differently than others .	who is tim mcgraw ? is he a writer ?	he is a country singer , but i bet he would write a great blog .
para-0316	hi , what do you do ?	i just graduated . working at a fast food joint now .	hi , what do you do ?	i just graduated . working at a fast food joint now .	nice , do you like music ? whenever i am not working i listen to music	what kind of music ? i just work to help my aunt and uncle out .	mostly rap , i like a lot of art	do you draw ? where do you live ?	i live in rochester boston , where mark walk berg is from	do you work anywhere ? i am thinking about going to college soon .	go to college , they loved me there since i was only 5 feet tall	cool . my parents kicked me out because i would not cut my hair and shave .	wow that is not good . i love shaving but i hate wearing sandals
para-0317	hello , how are you tonight ?	i am a thing in fashion and acting . but not sure how i will like ny .	hello , how are you tonight ?	i am a thing in fashion and acting . but not sure how i will like ny .	it is interesting at best . i love to sing , do you ?	moving there next year . love to sing . surf and skate too . you ?	i surf and do not see colors correctly , so that is a challenge .	i spent most my life in california sharks are grey . what parts do you sing ?	anything by lady gaga and madonna .	neat . so do you perform or work in the industry ?	i am retired army , and do not know what to do with myself .	if you can sing , go get on the voice ! or take up surfing .	i do surf , and i am not interested in become a pro singer .	is there surfing around new york ?	i do not know , i do not live there .	do not know why i thought that . where do you surf ?	in florida , mexico and cali . i like to travel .
para-0318	janice here . what are you up to tonight ?	they call me big shirley . i love scary movies . you ?	janice here . what are you up to tonight ?	they call me big shirley . i love scary movies . you ?	well , i am more into sports than i am horror flicks .	i see . i workout lifting weights . you ?	i played a lot of sports in high school , but stopped when i started college .	i am a warehouse worker . i cook a great bbq .	i just graduated college and am still looking for a job .	keep your head up ! i work the forklift . what work do you do ?	my fiance is helping me look for a job .	that is good ! people laugh because my name is joe shirley .	ah , i see . they laugh because i want to be a soccer coach .	hmmm . got for it ! is six four two twenty tall and big ?	yes , too big for soccer , which is my favorite sport !	i see . i have a cookbook coming out . you write ?	no , but my fiance does .	hmmm . have him help you write a book about soccer .
para-0319	hi . how are you ? my name is joanna	i am doing well . my name is rachel . yourself ?	hi . how are you ? my name is joanna	i am doing well . my name is rachel . yourself ?	where did you go to college ?	i am still attending at cypress . i binge eat a lot because of this .	i have a degree in psychology from usc , but i am a professional singer	oh damn . tha a t is awesome ! i wish i could do that for a living .
para-0320	hey there how are you	hey . i am fine and what about you ?	hey there how are you	hey . i am fine and what about you ?	slightly stressed out , had a very very long weel	what does weel means ? i never heard of this	sorry , typo error on my part , week . what do you do for work ?
para-0321	hi , what do you do ?	i just graduated . working at a fast food joint now .	hi , what do you do ?	i just graduated . working at a fast food joint now .	nice , do you like music ? whenever i am not working i listen to music
para-0322	hi there . how are you ?	fantastic ! this steak really hits the spot ! how are you ?	hi there . how are you ?	fantastic ! this steak really hits the spot ! how are you ?	good . i do not like steak much . i like chicken .	all meat is good meat lol . got to keep that protein up !	true that . i do tae kwan do , so i eat lean meat . do you play sports ?
para-0323	hey , do you have any pets	yes i have a hunting dog .	hey , do you have any pets	yes i have a hunting dog .	i have a lot of pets .	oh nice what do you do ?	i mainly just sit and look at mountains ,	ok i can sell you a house on a mountain .	i would like that . for how much ?	depends if you want a remote location with no neighbors or some neighbors .
para-0324	hello how is your family . mine is great	okay ; but not affluent . i work at a factory for low pay despite going to ohio st .	hello how is your family . mine is great	okay ; but not affluent . i work at a factory for low pay despite going to ohio st .	cool . we just went swimming . that is one way we get our workout in .	i am scared of water ! except when i garden to feed my plants .	as a teacher it is refreshing to watch the sea as i meditate . then swim .	interesting . what is your favorite color ?	my favorite color is black . i also like purple . it is my birth stone .	no way ! i love purple ! where did you go to college . i am a proud buckeye .	i went to alabama where my son jeremiah was conceived and i married	was he an accident or are you a man of the good lord ?	i am non religious but i am spiritual . i believe in healthy mind and body
para-0325	hey how are you today ?	i am well . how about you ?	hey how are you today ?	i am well . how about you ?	i am a bit sore from doing tae kwan do .	nice ! i just signed up for a jujitsu class ! so far it seems fun .	nice , i am a state champion .	wow ! that is amazing ! do you do anything else to help support your tae kwan do ?
para-0326	hi how are you ? where do you live ?	doing good . i live in the midwest	hi how are you ? where do you live ?	doing good . i live in the midwest	oh okay . i am good as well . i am reside on edris island	do you have any animals i have a cat i do not like dogs	i am the total opposite i love dogs and ate cats .	i hope you do not eat cats . . . lol	i am a teenage mixed girl lol not asian	i enjoy watching superhero movies of the dark variety	i do have a dog named ralph he lives with me and my sister .
para-0327	did you know that working at whole foods means you can ride a horse to work ? !	not really , i am studying at the university up state learning biology .	did you know that working at whole foods means you can ride a horse to work ? !	not really , i am studying at the university up state learning biology .	that is cool . hoping to go to med school ?	marine biology actually , still a student but i do not party .	neither do i . instead i paint in my spare time . often times it is a city landscape	that is nice , i was born and raised in the united states have you painted there ?	yup , i live in the us . a major west coast city in fact .
para-0328	hello , do you think british accents are sexy ?	hi how are you doing i am great yes british accents are sexy .	hello , do you think british accents are sexy ?	hi how are you doing i am great yes british accents are sexy .	i am doing wonderful , now that i avoided the mangoes . i am allergic .	oh sorry to hear that i like going out with my friends .	i do too , i collect civil war antiques , mainly china .	that sounds cool . i like to listen to rap music .	i do too , so does my dog . his name is tupac .	great name for the pet i am in love with playing sports and being active .	i run , that is about it . my husband loves sports too	good job running is healthy i am a 50 year old woman .	i am only 23 . i have a lot of life ahead of me . got any tips ?	yes sweetie you are young so enjoy every moment of your life .
para-0329	christmas is my favorite holiday , almost time to start decorating	hey how are you today ?	christmas is my favorite holiday , almost time to start decorating	hey how are you today ?	great , just eating my favorite cheese pizza . how are you ?	sounds good . i would not mind having some but i have to home make it .
para-0330	i am drunk on scotch right now , you ?	i cannot afford alcohol . i can barely afford to pay my other bills each month .	i am drunk on scotch right now , you ?	i cannot afford alcohol . i can barely afford to pay my other bills each month .	i use to work at the local carnival , i can understand a tight budget	i work as a kindergarten teacher . i love kids !	kids are over rated , i like cats	i see . did you graduate college ? i just did two years ago .	i did , school for superheros	that is awesome ! where is that ? i live in seattle .	monkey shoulder virginia where they produce superhero movies the evil ones	i have not heard of that town . i share an apartment with 2 roommates .	sounds like you could use some scotch	i could ! i just wish i could afford it .	what are you afraid of ?	i am afraid of not being able to pay my bills .	carnival is always hiring , maybe second job ?
para-0331	hey there how are you ?	i am doing great ! just eating dinner .	hey there how are you ?	i am doing great ! just eating dinner .	just got my nails done in my fav color	wow , i bet they look nice .	like sports ? love the buckeyes	i love sports too ! i enjoy camping .	yes they actually do look nice , the girls all ask at work
para-0332	hello . how are you doing ?	i am doing just fine . how are you today ?	hello . how are you doing ?	i am doing just fine . how are you today ?	very well , thank you . are you religious ? my religion is jewish .	i am not particularly religious . why do you ask ?	just curious . do you like tv ? my favorite is the office .	i do not watch much tv , but i do enjoy archer .	how about music ? my favorite is jazz .	i enjoy blues more because i am from chicago . what do you like about jazz ?
para-0333	howdy how are you doing tonight i am doing fine .	i am doing fine too .	howdy how are you doing tonight i am doing fine .	i am doing fine too .	that is good i like watching sports on television . do you ?	i do not like sports . i love watching series .
para-0334	hi , i am pretty shy , tell me about yourself ?	hi well i am good with my hands . i build things like this tiki mask	hi , i am pretty shy , tell me about yourself ?	hi well i am good with my hands . i build things like this tiki mask	i also like to build , i built a model spaceship once	my wife divorced me but the kids like me better because i build things	well do you work ? do you have a degree to sustain yourself ?	i built models when i was a kid . now i sculpt and mold and carve	nice , i specialize in computer science degree so i mostly mold 3d images	customer service . i am looking for a new job . i hate sitting still all day	do you like playing video games ? i play fantasy video games
para-0335	what music do you like , i enjoy bluegrass .	i prefer pop music . i try to stay up with the trends .	what music do you like , i enjoy bluegrass .	i prefer pop music . i try to stay up with the trends .
para-0336	i turned 90 on saturday , how old are you ?	i am 22 ! i just had my birthday too , and got my nails done as a celebration !	i turned 90 on saturday , how old are you ?	i am 22 ! i just had my birthday too , and got my nails done as a celebration !	well that is nice . i was in the war many years ago .	did you ride horses in the war ? i love horses . which war ?
para-0337	hello how are you tonight ?	i am good ! practicing my singing for my career	hello how are you tonight ?	i am good ! practicing my singing for my career	oh cool . i work with wood . carpenter actually	cool ! you could build sets for me when i become an actress	absolutely . singing comes with the party . i quit the drink over 5 years now .	congratulations ! as a single lady i drink more than i should on blind dates	settle . have a family . kids , my wife gave me 3	it is hard to find a man in new york working as a model . no time	i used to play poker every night in new york !	poker is great ! i play a little after i sing at one of the clubs	i still like it . how long have you been in the city ?	about a year . i moved hear to pursue my dream of acting
para-0338	good evening , what are you doing tonight ?	hi . how are you ? i just got in from working on my car .	good evening , what are you doing tonight ?	hi . how are you ? i just got in from working on my car .	a real man , just like the ones i read and watch in my romance books and movies	haha . thanks . working on classic cars is my passion !
para-0339	hey there how are you ?	pretty great ! i am just eating a steak and potatoes	hey there how are you ?	pretty great ! i am just eating a steak and potatoes	i love superheros especially the dark movie kind .	they are really good . what is your favorite ?	really ? i enjoy me a good hard drink , scotch is my choice .
para-0340	hi , want to be my friend ?	hello , sure why not ! how old are you ? i just turned 34	hi , want to be my friend ?	hello , sure why not ! how old are you ? i just turned 34	whoa . i am only 12 . what is it like to be old ?	my 2 kiddos are in kindergarten , they want to graduate at mississippi university like me
para-0341	hi how are you today ?	i am good . just sitting here jamming to metallica .	hi how are you today ?	i am good . just sitting here jamming to metallica .	very nice are you married ?	no i am not , you ?	i just got engaged so kinda nervous	one of my brothers just got engaged , the other is single like me .
para-0342	hi ! you read books ? i love reading mysteries .	yes ! i do art so i love all forms of expression	hi ! you read books ? i love reading mysteries .	yes ! i do art so i love all forms of expression	lovely ! my kids love reading too . i have seven of them !	wow that is a handful	haha . i also grew up in a large family on a large farm .	i am scared my kids will get my webbed toes	i hope not ! i am a truck driver . what do you do for a living ?	cleaner at research facility by day , artist by night	nice ! you paint ? blue is my favorite color .	more sculpture , i turn others trash into projects	that is interesting . can you sculpt david ?	i could try , i am only five feet so cannot make anything too tall	haha . get a big stool . you can do it !	i have a big personality for this little body so i do not give up	you know what they say . good things come in little packages !	yes i like the attitude ! you have the artistic spunk personality
para-0343	hey there i am brianna hows it going	hi ! i am kylee . doing well . nothing too exciting tonight	hey there i am brianna hows it going	hi ! i am kylee . doing well . nothing too exciting tonight	that is good and same here sadly	waiting for my next model spaceship to be delivered .	o are those hard to assemble	not too hard , just fun while i am not playing videogames	what video games you play ?	anything really , but mostly warcraft . what are your hobbies ?	i use to draw a lot right now i sont really have a hobbie
para-0344	good afternoon . sitting here listening to john denver . i adore him .	that sounds fun . i am more of a soft rock guy .	good afternoon . sitting here listening to john denver . i adore him .	that sounds fun . i am more of a soft rock guy .	i grew up with horses on a farm and love them . like animals ?	i love animals . i grew up around horses in north dakota .	nice , i also love to cook with vegetables in my garden .	i love fresh food . i can stuff all the time .	awesome . do you excercise ? i do every day . need to lose weight .	not very much . work keeps me pretty busy .	what do you do ? i am a teacher .	i recently changed jobs , started in advertising last year .	sounds interesting . i would like to own my own horse ranch one day .	that would a fun job . what do you do for fun ?	besides cooking , working out and music i like to go to the movies .
para-0345	hello , how are you tonight ?	i am a thing in fashion and acting . but not sure how i will like ny .	hello , how are you tonight ?	i am a thing in fashion and acting . but not sure how i will like ny .	it is interesting at best . i love to sing , do you ?	moving there next year . love to sing . surf and skate too . you ?	i surf and do not see colors correctly , so that is a challenge .	i spent most my life in california sharks are grey . what parts do you sing ?	anything by lady gaga and madonna .	neat . so do you perform or work in the industry ?	i am retired army , and do not know what to do with myself .	if you can sing , go get on the voice ! or take up surfing .	i do surf , and i am not interested in become a pro singer .	is there surfing around new york ?	i do not know , i do not live there .	do not know why i thought that . where do you surf ?	in florida , mexico and cali . i like to travel .
para-0346	hey there how are you today ?	i am great how are you ?	hey there how are you today ?	i am great how are you ?	like bbq ? i love bbq a lot	i do too ! what do you do for a living ? i works as a handyman .	i am really tired but i cannot quit	why so tired ? do you have a hobby ? i hunt and love restoring cars , especially classic .	i am tired from work , forklift does it to me	i understand . do you like seafood ? i do except shellfish , i break out in hives .
para-0347	hello , how are you tonight ?	i am a thing in fashion and acting . but not sure how i will like ny .	hello , how are you tonight ?	i am a thing in fashion and acting . but not sure how i will like ny .
para-0348	hello , how are you today ?	i am doing very well , just came back from walking my dogs .	hello , how are you today ?	i am doing very well , just came back from walking my dogs .	what kind of dogs ? i have a couple cats .	i have retrievers , they are my companions . i am an attorney .	i write for a newspaper . what kind of law do you do ?	civil , mainly for the people of my tribe in oklahoma ,	i live in hawaii . do you like oklahoma ?	not really , but it is where i am needed at the moment .	i do not have many friends .	do you go to church ? i do not , but maybe you could find some there .	yeah , i go about once a month .	i am terrified of heights , i fell out of a tree when i was young .	i got my cat out of a tree once .	i would call the fire department , since they like cats and dogs .
para-0349	it is a beautiful beach day . how are you ?	sad , struggling to make ends meet from all my bills	it is a beautiful beach day . how are you ?	sad , struggling to make ends meet from all my bills	i am sorry to hear that . i am on a diet so i am hungry	at least you can eat i can not afford to	my dad owns a car dealership so maybe i can get you a better job ?	i would love that , thank you for that	of course . i feel spoiled . i just paid to get my nails done	that is awesome you are so luckily	i did grown up very lucky . i want to help you be lucky now	you are so kind do you work in car sales as well ?	yes , i help my dad out here and there . when will you be able to work ?	i am available right now i have been out of school for two years now	i will set up the interview ! then we can go to the beach	that sounds like a plan glad i met you
para-0350	hey there how are you ?	pretty great ! i am just eating a steak and potatoes	hey there how are you ?	pretty great ! i am just eating a steak and potatoes	i love superheros especially the dark movie kind .	they are really good . what is your favorite ?	really ? i enjoy me a good hard drink , scotch is my choice .	yummy . i drank a ton last week when i was at my friends wedding	whoa , i hope you were not sloppy drunk lol	just a little bit but i am sure he will forgive me haha	oh man lol , i like to write do you ?	i am more of a graphic design artist actually . what do you write ?
para-0351	hi my name is lauren . i like to gamble and play games . what about you	hi i am david . i love to play poker and run .	hi my name is lauren . i like to gamble and play games . what about you	hi i am david . i love to play poker and run .	i also enjoy poker . i like running but prefer swimming	what do you do for a living ?	i am an animal care tech , what do you do ?	i am just going to college for now .	that is cool , whats your major ? where do you live ?	i live in tennessee and i am majoring in education to become a teacher .	very nice . what grade would you like to teach ? i like in new jersey	i would prefer to teach elementary education .	that is cool , i am sure you will achieve your goal	i hope so . so do you like to listen to music ?	i love all music , but i am not a fan of country or jazz though , you ?
para-0352	good morning , how are you today ?	i am fine thank you how is your day going ?	good morning , how are you today ?	i am fine thank you how is your day going ?	very well . just got my kid sister to school , now on to the gym .
para-0353	hi ! how are you ? do you have any hobbies ?	hi . yeah , i guess . i love going to the theater for movies .	hi ! how are you ? do you have any hobbies ?	hi . yeah , i guess . i love going to the theater for movies .	that is cool ! do you have a favorite movie ?	yeah , i like love actually , i watch it with my husband .	cool ! i like to watch tv with my cat .	i like tv too , but my husband is always complaining i need to exercise more	that is sad . i exercise every day . i walk 1 mile daily .
para-0354	hello , what animals do you have ? i have a couple of horses , 2	just 1 little maltese so easy to deal with over people	hello , what animals do you have ? i have a couple of horses , 2	just 1 little maltese so easy to deal with over people	do you live in a large or small city ? i am in large	i live in a big city i work for the shelter for animals as a cleaner	do you need a painter there because i paint when i have free time	no i do not like music ?	well i certainly do , taylor swift is my favorite	cool , i am normally irritating or irritable	nice , i work with a lot of irritating people at the grocery store	i bet an customers , i like the boss niece smh
para-0355	hello how are you doing	pretty good . how are you ?	hello how are you doing	pretty good . how are you ?	i am making dinner getting ready for bed	i just got off work .	i am looking for something different to do	i am looking for another job myself .	i was adopted by my aunt and uncle	my parents did not want me either .	if i ever hit the lottery i will love to help some of these kids	what kids are you trying to help ?	all the ones that need help in the world there are so many	yeah , it is sad that there are kids who do not have their basic needs met .	now all these natural disasters	what do you think the most useful way is to help poor people ?
para-0356	hi have any hobbies i eat oreos to hide my pain	no hobbies , but i too love oreos , although i am dieting right now .	hi have any hobbies i eat oreos to hide my pain	no hobbies , but i too love oreos , although i am dieting right now .	i eat them cause i am in transition	transition ? what do you do for fun ? i like going to the beach .	i am 14 and skipped puberty cause i am soon a boy	oh ok . what is your favorite animal ?	dogs love me not cats but guess it is cause i am different	i love horses ! i love to get my nails done in my spare time .	listening to pink floyd helps me study bacon	i like pink floyd too ! i am working right now at my fathers car dealership .
para-0357	hey ! . nice to meet you . me and my folks are currently in arkansas . you ?	i am from all over . i just cannot stay still so i move a lot .	hey ! . nice to meet you . me and my folks are currently in arkansas . you ?
para-0358	how is this lovely evening treating you ?	it is awesome . how are you ?	how is this lovely evening treating you ?	it is awesome . how are you ?	doing well , feet a little tired after showing 4 houses in the last 2 hours !
para-0359	have you ever seen the sun rise in a small town ?	almost every day of my life , i was born , raised and still live in one .	have you ever seen the sun rise in a small town ?
para-0360	hi , how are you today ?	i am well . just finishing up making some barbecue . i love it .	hi , how are you today ?	i am well . just finishing up making some barbecue . i love it .	that sounds nice . so you like to cook ? what else do you do ?	watching horror movies are one of my favorites and i like to lift weights on weekends	awesome ! i love movies but i have not had much time with so much school .	every weekend i lift weight and watch a horror movie or two . need to go shopping .	what are you going shopping for ?	clothes . i am a tall guy and kind of big so shopping is not my favorite	do not like shopping much either . . . . cause i am broke . i will be successful soon though !	may i ask what you are studying ?	law . i only have two years left . maybe next year i can get an internship .	that is awesome . my son thought about studying law .
para-0361	i am waiting on my pizza to get here and i am getting excited . how are you ?	i am excited that my girls finally all went to sleep so i can relax	i am waiting on my pizza to get here and i am getting excited . how are you ?	i am excited that my girls finally all went to sleep so i can relax	i tend to stutter when i get excited so i hope the cute chick is not delivering	maybe just smile and give a good tip if that happens	i never have time to relax . i wish i did but i am always on the go .	were you born in the late was like i was ?	i am not sure what you mean but i cant wait for this pizza , its my favorite	i do not know what i mean either . i know i love heart though	my mom owns a restaurant and i work there but we do not make pizza	you should start since you love it so much .	all 5 of my older sisters and my younger brother work there . its a family thing	oh nice . i wonder if my 3 girls would ever go into business with me	i meant 6 older sisters . they would be offended by me saying 5	haha . do they like heart songs ? heart is the best band	if you open a pizza place i am sure they will go in business with you
para-0362	hello what are some of your interests	well i live in the gym	hello what are some of your interests	well i live in the gym	i live in the animal shelter , i love animals specifically dogs	i love animals too 2 basset hounds	two pit bulls , i am not allowed at the shelter anymore cause i adopt every time	sweet i would be that way too we love pits here too	so many do not like pits makes me sad , my boss niece loves my babies	what is your favorite restaurant ? yes they were called nanny dogs
para-0363	it is a beautiful beach day . how are you ?	sad , struggling to make ends meet from all my bills	it is a beautiful beach day . how are you ?	sad , struggling to make ends meet from all my bills	i am sorry to hear that . i am on a diet so i am hungry	at least you can eat i can not afford to	my dad owns a car dealership so maybe i can get you a better job ?
para-0364	hi there how are you ?	i am good . how are you doing ?	hi there how are you ?	i am good . how are you doing ?	been pretty busy planning my move to new york next year	sounds time consuming . i just got home from work at the grocery store	my parents owned a grocery store when i was growing up in california	cool ! do you enjoy painting ? i do .	not really . cant sit still long enough . surfing and skating is what i like to do	i also enjoy horseback riding	that sounds more like my kind of thing .	i own two beautiful horses , but cant see them as often as i would like .	that sounds sweet ! ! do you sing ?	i wish ! my voice could shatter glass haha	mine too ! i always wanted to be a singer , but low and behold , i cant sing
para-0365	hello , how are you tonight ?	doing well , just listening to some bach . yourself ?	hello , how are you tonight ?	doing well , just listening to some bach . yourself ?	waiting for my sister to come home so we can go shopping .	i thought about going out tonight , but the insects are bad , and i hate them .	me too . a man had spider bites when i was interning in the er .	are you a doctor , i work as an engineer in the army .	i am a registered nurse . i am so excited for my first job .	that sounds exciting . do you know any languages , i only know english .	same here . only english . my sister speaks russian .	i would like to learn japanese . and visit there someday . anywhere you would like to go ?
para-0366	hello , how are you tonight ? do you know where edris island is ?	i do not . i work in an animal shelter tho . i am the cleaner there .	hello , how are you tonight ? do you know where edris island is ?
para-0367	hi there ! how are you ?	i am doing well , how about you ?	hi there ! how are you ?	i am doing well , how about you ?	very well , just doing some reading in my spare time	that is cool , i am currently building a tree house in my spare time
para-0368	hello . how are you tonight ? long day of advertising .	advertising ? that sounds easy . i am a social worker dealing with at risk youth .	hello . how are you tonight ? long day of advertising .	advertising ? that sounds easy . i am a social worker dealing with at risk youth .	so you do something good . i travel abroad a lot and advertise the underground city night life .	that sounds cool . these kids drive me nuts .	it is an odd job for a jewish north dakota boy to do , but yes cool .	wow ! jewish people live in north dakota ! what else do you do ?	right ? haha . i play bass in a metal band . how about you ? hobbies ?	oh cool ! i sing in a choir ! i also play softball	at least you are active ! what position ? i played outfield in high school	it helps with the work stress . i played second base . do you like to cook ?
para-0000	Hello , Sir . So , you are back ?	Yes , hello again . I would like to know the exact difference between Dividend Deposit and Dividend Participated Deposit .	That 's passably easygoing to excuse . With the sediment , the interestingness is limited , but the dividend of each insurance will be transplanted mechanically into your camber story by the remainder of each yr . The longer the terminus , the mellower the dividend you realize . This is because it is accounted at the compound interest pace .
para-0001	What kind of place shall we rent ?	It should be close to the university . Neither of us are good at getting up in the mornings and closer it is , the later we can get up .	Absolutely . That's the most important thing to take into consideration . I'm not too worried about the size of the flat .	Neither am I . So a small place is ok , but we'll get a bigger one if it's not expensive . Do you mind if it's in a noisy area ?	I don't mind . i'm not a light sleeper , but quieter is better for when we have to study at home .	effective peak . o.k. , let 's go to the acres broker and see what they can volunteer us .
para-0002	Let's play chess .	I haven't played chess for a long time .	That's all right , I'm a beginner . I've just learnt how to play .	reckon , there 's a chessboard . Those two handses have already terminated acting .
para-0003	Excuse me . Do you have the time ?	My watch is a few minutes fast . It's about six forty , I think .	Is it ? Ohio , no . The concert will commence in twenty minutes . Are we too belated to get there ?
para-0004	I give up ! I simply can't learn French !	Why do you say that ? I think you're making a lot of progress .	No , I'm not . I try and try and I still can't speak it very well .	discovering any speech needs a mess of effort . But do n't give up . Why do n't we exercise those talkses together ?
para-0005	It's hard to be optimistic about things with the way the economy's headed ... The trade deficit is getting larger , consumption's down , I really think we're headed for a recession .	The economy has been stagnant for a while now . We've been in a recessive state for several months already . What worries me the most is the trade deficit . I think the government should do more to encourage exports .	Increasing exports would weaken the currency . I think the main point is economic growth . We need more jobs . Factories have outsourced and moved many jobs to foreign countries . The result is an increase in unemployment in our own country , lower consumption , lower production , and an overall feeble economy . If more people are working , it will give the economy a boost .	It 's rightful that we should do something about unemployment , but what about ostentatiousness ? If unemployment decreases , there 's press to increase salary . That would ensue in ostentatiousness , which would ensue in a much less dynamical saving .
para-0006	Hey Suzie . Guess what ? I'm having a baby !	Really ? That's so great . Congratulations .	Thanks . I'm so excited . We've been trying for 8 months now .	That's really exciting . How many months are you pregnant ?	Three months .	Are you going to find out if it is a boy or a girl ?	I need to , but dock does n't . He needs to be surprised wish the one-time fashioned means .
para-0007	Good morning . My name is Mr . Brown . I ’ m from Australia . Here is my card .	Thank you . I ’ m pleased to meet you , Mr . Brown . My name is Kathy Pewless , the representative of Green Textile Import and Export Corporation .	Pleased to meet you too , Ms . Pewless . I travel a lot every year on business , but this is my first visit to your country . I must say I have been much impressed by your friendly people .	Thank you for saying so . Have you seen the exhibition halls ? On display are most of our products , such as silk , woolen knitwear , cotton piece goods , and garments .	Oh , yes . I had a look yesterday . I found some of the exhibits to be fine in quality and beautiful in design . The exhibition has successfully displayed to me what your corporation handles . I ’ Ve gone over the catalogue and the pamphlets enclosed in your last letter . I ’ Ve got some idea of your exports . I ’ m interested in your silk blouses .	Our silk is recognised for its beneficial timber . It is one of our swop - trional exportation . silk blouses are brilliantly slanted and fop - full contrived . They ’ Ve contacted with neat favour abroad and are always in keen requirement .
para-0008	Hello , thank you for calling Bradford and Sons . This is Tracy speaking , How may I help you ?	Hello . I would like to speak to your director of human resources , Ms.Jenkins , Please .	Just a moment . I'll check to see if she is at her desk.May I tell her who is calling ?	This is Bill Burton from Milford Insurance , I'm calling in regards to our meeting next Tuesday .	thank you , Mr . Burton . Can you please retain for a consequence ? I 'll stop to see if she is usable .
para-0009	How are the children doing at sport ?	I ’ m very pleased with their performances . Timmy can cover the 100 meters in 12 seconds . That ’ s very fast for a kid his age .	He ’ s not very good at the long jump though , is he ?	He ’ s not bad . He can jump a distance of over four meters . I think he just prefers running to jumping . Jimmy ’ s very good at the high jump . He can jump over two meters . Again , that ’ s fine for someone his age .	Two meters ? That means that the high jump bar is above his head ! Are any of them good at long-distance running ?	The longest race we run is the 1500 meters . A few of the boys and one girls can do it in less than five minutes .	How are they at swimming ?	They ’ re ok . I ask them to swim 500 meters each day . That ’ s 20 lengths of the swimming pool . They ’ re not very fast , but that ’ s ok . I just want them to build their strength up and keep in shape .	Kate is very beneficial at dive from a summit of tenner times .
para-0010	Look ! Mom , that's amazing ! I can't believe the girls have so neat movements .	Yeah , they all received very strict training . A minute on the stage takes ten-year practice .	And all their motions are so graceful . It seems similar dancing in the piddle .
para-0011	Morning , Peter . Nice suit ! A new one ?	Oh , yes . My wife bought it for me yesterday . Hmm , you look nice in that yellow dress . Yellow suits you really well .	maybe . Several masses have indicated that I get more yellowish apparel . They say the colouration becomes me because I have a just complexion .
para-0012	Hello , Daisy , how are you doing ?	Fine , thank you . I haven ’ t seen you for quite some time . What have you been up to recently ?	I have been spending a lot of time watching movies at home , so you wouldn't have seen me . Recently , I've been obsessed with horror films .	Ohio , how can you be infatuated with repulsion films ? They 're so shivery .
para-0013	I was wondering if you could help me with something .	Sure , anything you say .	Actually , it ’ s a little bit silly .	Don ’ t worry about it , just ask .	What words do I need to know to buy a pair of shoes ?	You need to know the type of shoes you want .	Don ’ t worry about that . I can point it out in the store .	The shoes can be comfortable or not comfortable , too wide , too narrow , or just right ; and long or short . In girls shoes , the heel can be high or low .	lease me spell all that down . I ’ m going patronising this afternoon .
para-0014	May I know where you are going ?	Yes . I want to go to Beijing Hotel .	I'm sorry . You are going in the wrong direction .	Oh no ! What shall I do ?	Do n't vex . You can get off at the next stoppage and go across the street through the flyover . The autobus stoppage is mightily there .
para-0015	Jeff , look at this listing ! It says there is a cozy studio apartment for rent , and it's only $ 700 per month . What do you think ?	Well I think I can afford that apartment . But are pets allowed ?	Hmm ... have me expect . yes , it enjoins it 's a pet - favorable construction .
para-0016	What ’ s the problem ? Things are getting out of hand . You keep sticking your nose where it doesn ’ t belong .	What do you mean ?	Now , I am creditworthy for coaching New stave , but you keep overturning my agency by judging to lay your methods . I recognise you are a hotshot college alum with something to examine . But I assume ’ t similar your direction .
para-0017	Hey Julie , you want to go grab something to eat ?	Sure ! What do you feel like having ?	I really feel like having a big juicy steak !	Oh . OK . I don't eat meat , but that's fine , I am sure wherever we are going they will have other options right ?	I didn't know you were a vegetarian !	I'm not , I am a vegan .	A what ?	A vegan . I don't eat or use any animal based products . I don't wear leather , eat eggs , drink milk or anything that comes from an animal . I used to be a pescatarian before , which basically means you don't eat meat , but still have fish and seafood .	Wow ! That's interesting ! It must be tough !	It 's a second unmanageable to determine vegetarian favorable eateries sometimes , but since more and more citizenry are vegetarians or vegans today , it 's getting a chip less unmanageable .
para-0018	Hey Stacy . What's going on ?	I'm pretty tired these days .	Why ? You're not working so don't you have a lot of time on your hands ?	I have so much house work to do . I have to take care of the kids , cook , clean , laundry , and the cycle never ends .	How about your husband . Does he help much ?	Not at all . He comes home and complains about his hard day at work . He expects me to do everything . He even wants me to feed him sometimes . Can you believe that ?	That sucks .	If he was n't so otiose , I intend I would n't have any ailments . He pouts the lawn , but can you conceive he judged to convert me to do it ?
para-0019	Good evening , ma'am . Table for one ?	Yes , please .	Will this table be all right ?	Actually , I'd like a booth by the window if that's possible .	Certainly . How about this one ?	This will be fine , thanks .	( reaching her a fare ) Your server will be here in a arcminute to take your club .
para-0020	Come to think of it , you should get out your English books and catch up on your reading assignments .	But I don't have any reading assignments .	Then reexamine for your tryout . You 'll do even considerablier . And perchance interpreting will facilitate you get to rest .
para-0021	I met a girl in elevator this morning . She works in a company upstairs . She said she envied the casual way we dress for work . She complained about the dress rule in her company . It requires everyone to wear formal clothes from Monday to Friday .	Well , I was wondering where those people with professional attire come from . Now , I know the answer .	You know , in a sense , a suits and ties are compulsory for male employees even in July , and no jewelry allowed for most of the female employees . Even the reasonable male leaf is returning the rule , isn ’ t that strict ?	To some extent , it is . Anyway , whether they like it or not , they do give people a very good impression .	But it is inequitable to label a Word by its masking . If they ’ re not glad or well-situated with their apparel , they can be less generative .
para-0022	I wish the politicians would quit digging up dirt about each other's past .	I know . It really makes a mess of the whole election process .	And it takes up all the news .	The problem is that there always a large number of people who eat that kind of stuff up .	It's so small . The fact that there is public interest , doesn't say much for us as the public .	Have you ever listened to AM radio ? It's quite a different experience than the traditional news stations on TV and FM radio .	I don't remember the last time I listened to AM radio .	Another space you can get veridical brainstorm is European documents . You can get them on - business .
para-0023	Hi , Jack , how have you been ?	Not very well .	Why ? Looks like you're feeling very down ! What happened ?	Nothing .	Come on . For a man who's feeling so , down , there're usually two reasons . Either his career is going downhill , or he has a broken heart . Since you're so successful , it must be the latter .	Well , you're right . I just broke up with Jane .	Oh , I'm sorry . I thought you two were made for each ocher .	Well , you never know . I'm ready for a commitment and want to settle down , but she says she wants to pursue her career while she's still young .	Well , she is not to fault . It 's always unmanageable to take between vocation and fellowship .
para-0024	I hear you are planning to travel abroad .	Yes . I'm going to the Untied States for travel . What places do you recommend ?	In my opinion , there are several places you mustn't miss , like Washington D . C , Las Vegas , New York and Los Angeles .	Someone suggests that I should go to Seattle and Hawaii .	Yes , you may consider those two places also . Seattle , for example , is worth visiting and there's a very famous museum called Museum of Flight .	And Seattle is the place of Microsoft and Boeing . That must be a groovy situation . I ca n't omit it .
para-0025	Do you want to hang out tomorrow ?	Oh , I can't . I have a date !	Really ? Wow with who ?	This girl I've been chatting with for the past couple of months . She's really cool and she's driving over here this weekend .	await a arcminute , you imply you fulfilled her online ?
para-0026	What game do you like ?	I like board games . I like chinese chess and draughts .	I ’ Ve never played Chinese chess before , but I ’ Ve seen old men playing it in the street . It looks complicated .	It ’ s about as complicated as chess . The basic rule and moves are simple enough , but there are many strategies that players need to learn .	I like playing cards . I ’ m pretty good at poker . Do you play cards ?	I ’ m terrible at cards and so I never play games which involve gambling , like poker . If I did , I ’ d lose all my money .	Do you play bridge ?	Yes , I do . It ’ s hard to find four players though , so I don ’ t play very often . Do you know anyone who plays ? If so , we could set up a game .	I can play quite well . I have a friend who likes playing , but she ’ s not very good at it . Shall I invite her to play ?	sure , I have a booster who fiddle evenhandedly well . We should see out when our admirers are loose and do a biz .
para-0027	Thank you for lending me the book .	Sure . But it's a very difficult one , you need to have a dictionary at your elbow .	But I 'm not used to reckoning up every New Bible when I 'm taking a novel . I only reckon up the most necessary unities .
para-0028	Dave , there's something I want to talk to you about .	Zina , why are you whispering ?	I've been talking to WebTracker . I'm thinking of jumping ship .	What ? Are you serious ? You'd defect to our archrival ! ?	Keep your voice down . We'll talk more later . Right now I need to see Vince .	We emphatically have to blab , Zina . And learn your back . Elvin is still delirious about his nozzle .
para-0029	I need help using the washer and dryer .	Tell me what the problem is .	I can't figure out how to turn them on .	Do you have some quarters ?	I didn't know I needed change .	The washer costs 50 cents and the dryer costs a dollar .	Where do I put the change ?	The sterns go into the slot . You have to force the slot in , and the motorcar will bend on .
para-0030	What game do you like ?	I like board games . I like chinese chess and draughts .	I ’ Ve never played Chinese chess before , but I ’ Ve seen old men playing it in the street . It looks complicated .	It ’ s about as complicated as chess . The basic rule and moves are simple enough , but there are many strategies that players need to learn .	I wish acting scorecards . I ’ m moderately beneficial at salamander . Do you toy menus ?
para-0031	Hello , Sir . How can we help you today ?	I need to find out some more information for L / C . I would like an outline of responsibilities , both ours , yours and the beneficiary , please .	OK , to start , the conditions are specified by the buyer and may include Insurance Forms , Way Bills , Bills of Lading , Customs forms , various certificates .	OK , got it . Is there anything else I need to know before we go ahead ?	Just that in essence , a canonic letter of acknowledgment is a fiscal declaration between the camber , the bank 's client , and the donee , and this declaration affects the conveyance of goodness or helps against finances .
para-0032	I would like to watch the Oscars on tv tonight . How about you ?	Yes , I ‘ d love to . it ’ s interesting to see who is considered the best in their field and which film are thought to be particularly good .	I like watching it for the fashion . I like to see what the ladies are wearing . Of course , the men nearly always just wear the traditional tuxedo .	Sometimes the men wear flamboyant colours . Which films do you think will win awards this year ?	I ‘ m really not sure . Usually just one or two films look set to sweep the awards ceremony , but this year there are several contenders .	You ’ re right . This year should be much more exciting than usual . What ’ s you favourite award category ?	You might suppose this unusual , but I wish the class for expertest extraneous words picture .
para-0033	Our toner cartridges are already out of ink ... Could you make an order for a new set ?	We will need new cartridges for all of the office printers ? That will be a large order , probably about two or three cases . The office supply store we usually go through might not have that many in stock .	You can double check with the housekeeping department , but I am pretty sure all of the machines will need new cartridges . Last time when we made our order to the supplier , the quantity was also especially high . They are used to receiving such bulk orders from us . As long as we give them a heads up a couple days in advance , they can usually fill the order .	OK , I will make a few calls and run our order by housekeeping first to make sure . Is there anything else we need to order while I am at it ?	I intend the only affair is toner . stress to see if they can have it before the remainder of clientele daylight tomorrow . We should really prove to do safer about waiting until the last arcminute to sate guilds that are unremarkably made on a monthly footing . Anyhow , see what you can do to hasten the guild this clip .
para-0034	After the financial crisis , many industries are in incredibly cloudy situations . How do you think about our company ?	The outlook in the future is very positive . Because we have been in this field for hundreds of years and we know how to survive this crisis safely .	As the section I am giving for is booming , I would care to give by endeavour .
para-0035	The stepmother was very wicked . She couldn't stand a happy smile on the boy's face .	And ?	And she did her dependablest to force out the prickle in her figure and the son mislaid whatever made him felicitous .
para-0036	Hey Kevin , what are you doing here ? Don't you usually spend Tuesday nights at home studying ?	I needed to get out of the house . My parents just went ballistic over something my older sister told them .	What did she tell them ? Is she dropping out of college ?	Nothing that serious . She finally told them that she moved out of the dormitory a few months ago and has been living with her boyfriend .	And your parents took it badly ?	That's putting it mildly . My father started shouting at my sister and my mother just glared at her .	Ouch , that sounds bad . What did your sister do ?	She commenced contending back to my pop that how much she bonks her beau , how they 're in passion and it 's not spiting anybody , and so on . My pop read she 's too new to do this , and that she should move out aright forth .
para-0037	Hi Jim . Do you have a minute ?	Sure , what ’ s up ?	Some of us are going to start a soccer team . Would you like to join us ?	I don ’ t know anything about it . Soccer isn ’ t as popular in my country as it is here .	That ’ s all right . We ’ ll teach you .	Is it anything like American football ?	Not very much . It ’ s something like hockey , except that you use a big ball and no stick .	I ’ ll descend down and observe you act some Day , and see what it ’ s wish .
para-0038	Hi . I ’ m here to catch flight 513 to New York .	May I see your ticket please ?	Here you are . Do you need to see my passport ?	Any form of picture I . D . will do .	Mmmm ... a photo I . D . I have my New Jersey driver ’ s license . Is that ok ?	That will do . What an interesting picture ! How old is it ?	Actually it wad taken just last year , but I had a shaved head and a beard . Can you still recognize me ?	Barely . Will you be checking any luggage today ?	Yes , One suitcase . I also have a carry-on bag .	o.k. . Mr. . lee , you ’ re all adjusted . Your trajectory foliage from gate x . embarkation commences at 10:30
para-0039	hi , darling ! I have a one-month vacation saved up . How about a trip to Europe ?	I could go for that . But I'm afraid our budget is a little tight this year .	OH , but I really demand to exit this townsfolk for a alteration . workings daytime after Day has outworn me out . Do you have any other mesmerism ?
para-0040	Billy , you are late again .	I'm sorry I'm late . I overslept . Is the manager here today ?	Yes he ' s in his office .	Oh , I hope he didn't notice me .	Do n't take any opportunities . It 'd be rightest if you told him and promised not to be deep again . He 's already delirious at you for last 2 sentences . Any more and he might fuel you .
para-0041	I'm interested in Chinese antiques .	We have a great variety of Chinese antiques . Besides , we have landscape painting , figure painting and flower-and-bird painting .	I'd like a flower-and-bird painting .	How about this picture of cranes with pine trees ? It was painted by a famous Chinese painter in King Dynasty .	Oh , they look just like live cranes .	And what is more , in traditional Formosan intellection , Cranes and pine trees typify seniority .
para-0042	Tell me about yourself .	I was born and raised in Beijing . I attended Peking University and received my bachelor's degree in Economics . I have worked for 2 years as a financial consultant in Beijing for China Pacific Insurance Co . Ltd .	What type of position are you looking for ?	I'm looking for a position in which I can utilize my experience .	Are you interested in a full-time or part-time position ?	I am more interested in a full-time position . However , I would also consider a part-time position .	Can you tell me about your responsibilities at your last job ?	I advised customers on financial matters . After I consulted the customer , I completed a customer inquiry form and catalogued the information in our database . I then collaborated with colleagues to prepare the best possible package for the client . The clients were then presented with a summarized report on their financial activities that I formulated on a quarterly basis .	What is your greatest strength ?	I am an excellent communicator . People trust me and come to me for advice . One afternoon , my colleague was involved with a troublesome customer who felt he was not being served well . I made the customer a cup of coffee and invited both my colleague and the client to my desk where we solved the problem together .	What is your greatest weakness ?	I tend to spend too much time making sure the customer is satisfied . However , I began setting time-limits for myself .	Why do you want to work for our company ?	After following your firm 's advancement for the last 3 dayses , I am confident that your companionship is becoming one of the grocery leaders and I would wish to be a part of that squad .
para-0043	Have you seen the new James Bond movie ?	Oh , yes . You ?	Yes . What did you think of it ?	I thought it was better than the others-I really liked it . What did you think of it ?	yes , I wished it , too . It was exciting , but not over the top . Do you recognise what I signify ?
para-0044	Come in , come in , what can I do for you ?	Professor Donald , are you giving your advanced geology course again next semester ?	Yes , I am applying on it .	I enquire if I could recruit in it . I experience it is a alumnus trend and I ' m a Junior , but ...
para-0045	May I see your ticket and passport , PLS ?	Sure , here they are .	Any luggage ?	Just this suitcase .	Your backpack is very big and today's flight is quite full . I am afraid that you will have to check your backpack too .	No problem . What about this carry-on ?	You can take that with you .	Can I have an aisle seat , PLS .	No problem . I'll give you an aisle seat in the center row . And here is your ticket , passport and boarding pass . Please board the plane at Gate 15 .	Thank you . And when is the latest time for me to board the plane ?	15mins before the sheet leads off . The sheet is scheduled to entrust on sentence .
para-0046	Hello , Mr . Black , how are you ?	Fine , thank you , and how are you ?	Very well , thank you . It 's overnice to gather you again . I am terribly sad for not being able-bodied to fulfil you at the airdrome , as I was officious yesterday . I do trust you had a very gratifying misstep from New York .
para-0047	Come to think of it , you should get out your English books and catch up on your reading assignments .	But I don't have any reading assignments .	Then reexamine for your examination . You 'll do even advantageouslier . And peradventure learning will avail you get to rest .
para-0048	Let ’ s play a game !	OK ! How about Scrabble ?	No , no , a friend of mine taught me this really fun game . I ’ m going to describe someone ’ s face , and you guess who it is !	OK !	Let ’ s see . He has a roman nose , bushy eyebrows and dimples !	Our cousin Pete ! My play ! She has a pointy nozzle , recessed middles and a breakwater on her Chin !
para-0049	Unfortunately , according to our regulations I have to confiscate these counterfeit notes .	So , this 500 RIB is worthless ?	I'm sorry but it is our regulation , so I must follow it . We will issue you with a receipt to show that the notes you presented us with are counterfeit and have been confiscated . Then , if you wish to pay in some more cash , you are free to do so .	Right , I see . Let me give you another 500 RIB .	Here 's your passbook back and the reception to say we impounded the d costa deserving of imitative banknotes .
para-0050	Good morning ! I am a new comer in our office .	Good morning ! Welcome to our office !	Nice to meet you ! My name is Grace Williams .	Nice to meet you too ! I am Peter Smith .	Today is my first day at work !	Well , trust you will revel your first Day ! Just necessitate me if you postulate any helper .
para-0051	Hello , Nancy , nice to see you .	Nice to see you , too . I heard you are a staff of Nokia company .	Yes , I ’ m satisfied with this job .	Congratulations . What did you do during the interview ?	devote more tending to the outside faces , because they are crucial for the first imprint . full way and panache of conversation can countenance other find your beneficial self - culture . serious motions and bearing can countenance other find very well-fixed .
para-0052	Which university did you graduate from ?	I graduated from Peking University .	What was your major at university ?	I studied economics , I am especially interested in the economic development of China .	What course did you like best ?	I like Business Management , and i think it's very useful for the present work .	What do you reckon is the kinship between the issues you 've brought and the Job you are assaying ?
para-0053	So I'm on the fifth floor ? How come this hotel has no fourth floor .	Four is an unlucky number here , Peter.Four sounds like death in Chinese.Hotels often have no fourth floor .	I see . Ohio , I recognise what I desired to ask . How much should I angle this hombre ?
para-0054	Good morning , can I help you ?	I want to American breakfast with fried eggs sunny side up .	What kind of juice do you prefer , sir ?	Breakfast juice and please make my coffee very strong .	Yes , sir . American breakfast with fried eggs sunny side up . Breakfast juice and black coffee . And my correct , sir ?	Yes , that ’ s right .	Is there anything else , sir ?	No , that ’ s all .	Good morning , sir . I ’ Ve got breakfast your ordered .	Just put it on the table please .	Do you need anything else , sir ?	No , thanks . OH , yes , could I have some juice for the mini taproom ?
para-0055	Who are those guys ?	Kobe Bryant and Shaquille O ’ Neal , they are the Los Angeles Lakers ’ star players .	Oh .	Wait a second . He shoots , he scores !	All right !	Here comes Jordan , though .	Wow , Michael Jordan ’ s slam-dunks are beautiful things to watch .	Yeah . He ’ s older , so he doesn ’ t slam as much as he did when he was younger , but when he does , it ’ s still amazing .	Which team do you think will win ?	The Lakers . Jordan is the only right thespian Capital has .
para-0056	Why don't you watch where you're going ?	Me ? You're the one who pulled out in front of me !	There was plenty of room for me to pull out.You didn't have to stay in the lane you were in .	Hey , mind . I had every rightfulness to bide in the lane I was in . You were reckoned to await until I went to commit out . And anyhow , you did n't give me any sentence to convert lanes . All of a sudden -- BANG -- there you are ripe in front of me .
para-0057	Have you declared your income and are you prepared to pay tax ?	Not yet . I don't know how to fill out the form . What is the tax-free allowance for supporting a dependent ?	I do n't really fuck . Why not take the comptroller or the attorney of the jurisprudence house ? They will narrate you which is open or not dependent to revenue . He can even serve you annul giving taxation lawfully .
para-0058	What's your main range ?	Generally speaking , we provide bikes for both gentlemen and ladies , size 19 , 21 , 23 , 25 and 27 inches . We can vary the colors according to the buyer's requirements . Here are the catalogues and the pattern books . They will give you a rough idea about our products .	I am interested in your flying pigeon bicycles . I think some of these items will find a ready market in Canada . But what our customers appreciate most is a reliable product .	To be reliable is the strong point of our products . As a matter of fact , it's always our practice to supply high quality goods at reasonable prices . Flying pigeon is the best of its kind at the price .	Then I 'd care to bang your accessibility of the merchandise and the termini of sales , such as modality of payment , bringing , rebates , etc .
para-0059	Hello , I want to apply for the position of an usher in your restaurant .	Welcome . One of your duties is to know the number of the customer and accept reservation .	What else do I need to do ?	You inform the multitudes in mission and have them earmark dinning mesas for guests .
para-0060	It's said that John's broken up .	Really ? But his wife has always waited on him hand and foot .	I hear that John's leading a double wife .	It 's very big of him to chicane on a gentlewoman wish his wife .
para-0061	I am calling to find out why I didn ’ t receive an unemployment check this week .	Did you send in your Continued Claim Form for the last period ?	I think I forgot to send it in !	You need to be very careful to send that form in every two weeks if you want to get paid .	Can I send it in now ?	You should look at your claim form and see if it has been more than fourteen days since it was due . If it hasn ’ t been , we will still accept it .	Can I send it in former next sentence so it ISN ’ t recently ?
para-0062	Very glad to know something about you , then what are you going to do when you finish .	Oh , I ’ ll go to shanghai to practice there .	That ’ s a good idea . It must be easy to find a job in shanghai .	I recall so , you live there is a big pot of chance for byplay there .
para-0063	How do you do ? Nice to meet you , Diane .	How do you do , Jack . Nice to meet you .	Well , I think you ' Ve reconsidered our proposal , Diane .	Yes , you are right . After all , the quality of your air conditioners is good . The only problem is price .	I should not be surprised , many customers have the same judgment . Do you have any hint in thinker ? Our salesman narrated your repository that the Price could be transferrable .
para-0064	Tell me a little bit about yourself , please .	My name is Dunlin and I live in Beijing . I was born in 1980 . I will graduate from Peking University this July . I have majored in accounting .	Would you tell me something about your family ?	There are three in my kinsfolk , my parents and myself . My beginner is a instructor and my mother is a actor .
para-0065	So , Monica , how do you like your new office ?	Well , I love it . The room is spacious and clean with big windows and a lot of sunshine . There are plants along the corridor . Especially , I got my own desk with computer and telephone . Such a great place !	That ’ s very good . I once turn down a job offer just because the office is awful .	What was so bad about it ?	small-scale ways , pocket-sized windowpane , a low desk shared by three masseses . I would have been disrupted all the sentence and for trusted not be able-bodied to pitch safe employment .
para-0066	Hi . I ’ m here to catch flight 513 to New York .	May I see your ticket please ?	Here you are . Do you need to see my passport ?	Any form of picture I . D . will do .	Mmmm ... a photo I . D . I have my New Jersey driver ’ s license . Is that ok ?	That will do . What an interesting picture ! How old is it ?	Actually it wad taken just last year , but I had a shaved head and a beard . Can you still recognize me ?	Barely . Will you be checking any luggage today ?	Yes , One suitcase . I also have a carry-on bag .	OK . Mister . lee , you ’ re all specified . Your trajectory foliage from gate tenner . embarkation commences at 10:30
para-0067	Come to think of it , you should get out your English books and catch up on your reading assignments .	But I don't have any reading assignments .	Then review for your test . You'll do even better . And maybe reading will help you get to sleep .	Aw , Mom-you're such a drag .	You say that now , lily , but you 'll thank me afterward . I 'm your mammy , and mother recognises betterest .
para-0068	Have you any round-neck sweater ?	Yes . Actually our range of sweaters is the most comprehensive available .	Can I try this one on ?	Sure , go ahead .	The coloration is too bright . For my years , I would opt a light-coloreder gloss .
para-0069	Matthew ? Hi !	Steve ! Haven't seen you in ages ! How long's it been ?	It's got to be almost a year now .	How have you been ?	I'm pretty good . I've been looking for a place to live recently . My lease runs out next month and I don't want to renew it .	Yeah , I remember the neighborhood . Have you found a place yet ?	Not yet . But I am still looking through the classifieds . Wish me luck .	Well , maybe I can help . Remember my neighbor ?	Mrs . Thou ?	Yes , her daughter's having a baby , so she's moving in with her to help out . I think if you are interested , you can come over and have a look .	keen . It 's a endearing locality . And it would be squeamish to be neighbours again . It would be just corresponding the one-time daytime !
para-0070	Ms . Montgomery ? This is Richard Thomas . I ’ m sorry to bother you at home , but I ’ Ve got a bit of a problem .	Oh ? What ’ s wrong ?	My girl ’ s just fucked up her genu reasonably gravely and I ’ m failing to have to take her to the infirmary . I ’ ll be about two hours lately .
para-0071	How much will my pay be , if you don ’ t mind my asking ?	We would like to start you off at 1,500 yuan a month , not including bonus and overtime pay . We don ’ t give bonus every month , but we offer a semi-annual bonus . And you will receive two weeks paid vacation a year , as well . Does it suit you ?	Yes , thank you . May I ask for an apartment ?	No trouble . We 'll furnish you with an flat of two chambers and a aliveness way .
para-0072	Have you enjoyed your weekend ?	Yes , it's been marvelous . It really was very kind of you to invite me . I hope it hasn't been too much trouble .	Not at all . We 've really savoured experiencing you . I desire you 'll get and appease again next metre you 're in Changsha .
para-0073	Wow ! What a beautiful scenic spot ! It's so open . And just breathe that fresh air , you can almost taste its freshness .	You can have a bird view of Guiling City from the top of the mountain .	Wonderful ! I'll often come here for mountain climbing .	You should . Many Guiliners , particularly the onetime and the unseasoned , will wax rafts here in the sunup .
para-0074	Excuse me Miao Li . Could you tell me who Jackie Chan is ?	Certainly . Jackie Chan is a very famous movie star in Hong Kong . His Chinese name is Cheng Long .	Ha , I know Cheng Long a lot , he has made 40 films since 1976 . And at that time he was promoted as the new Bruce Lee . But I'm not familiar with his English name .	OK . Then tell me what else you know .	Some film whizes evaluate their Worth by how many 1000000s of clams they make . Do you recognise how Jackie Chan valuates his deserving ?
para-0075	Excuse me , Mr . Emory ? Mr . Macmillan , would like to know if you have the completed schedule for next week ?	Yes , I do , Susan . Just a moment . Here it is .	Thank you , sir . Sorry to trouble you .	Not at all , Susan . Just differentiate him to entrust it with my repository when he ’ s finished with it
para-0076	Leo ! I wanted to tell you thanks for all your hard work on the budget . We ’ re having a get-together after work tonight at Carl ’ s Karaoke Club to celebrate having finished it . We ’ d love to see	What fun ! Normally I ’ d love to , but I ’ m afraid I have to work late tonight . We ’ Ve got to get the contract ready for Miss King .	Ohio , decent . You ’ re officious with that declaration . peradventure you could conjoin us subsequently ?
para-0077	I wish the politicians would quit digging up dirt about each other's past .	I know . It really makes a mess of the whole election process .	And it takes up all the news .	The trouble is that there always a big figure of citizenry who consume that form of material up .
para-0078	I need help using the washer and dryer .	Tell me what the problem is .	I can't figure out how to turn them on .	Do you have some quarters ?	I didn't know I needed change .	The washer costs fifty centimes and the drier costs a clam .
para-0079	What can I do for you , Madam ?	Can you help me with Comprehensive Credit Granting ?	Certainly , Madam . What would you like to know ?	Well , everything really .	All aright . We can cede a funding promise quota , if you characterise . This signifies that we can manage with all of your pauperism in a rapid and effective direction . first , your mention rating must be form A , and your debt to asset proportion must be top snick , for the industriousness you are needed in .
para-0080	Look , how grand magnificent the Tiananmen Gate tour is !	What's Tiananmen famous for ?	It is largest pop square in the world.you see that is monument for the people's hero , and the Chairman Mao memorial hall on the south.there is great hall of the people on the west.there are two museums on the east .	What's that ?	That 's the proscribed metropolis on the N of gate construction .
para-0081	Hey , you look great ! how's everything ?	Yeah , you know what ? I've been going to the club regularly . The training really pays off . Now I am in a good shape and I know more about how to keep fit .	Really ? tell me about it . I haven't gone to the club for a long time . I am too busy with work .	It's important to do proper exercises .	You're right . Too much or too little won't do any good .	The trainer tells me , besides regular sports activities , I should also have a healthy and balanced diet .	Sounds reasonable .	We should eat more vegetables instead of junk food to stay energetic .	And fruits !	Surely it is . Getting enough sleep is also crucial for fitness .	I've heard that . Does your trainer tell you anything about keeping fit ?	yea , he counsels me to bide in a effective modality . That can also serve one to keep level-headed strong-arm wellness .
para-0082	Ms . Montgomery ? This is Richard Thomas . I ’ m sorry to bother you at home , but I ’ Ve got a bit of a problem .	Oh ? What ’ s wrong ?	My girl ’ s just bedded up her genu passably ill and I ’ m failing to have to take her to the infirmary . I ’ ll be about two minutes latterly .
para-0083	have you ever been invited to a Chinese feast ?	sure . Beijingers are distinguished for their warmth and hospitality .	as far as you could see , is dinning at a Formosan mesa a trenchant experience ? To what extent does it disagree from that in your fatherland ?
para-0084	I ’ m glad you could find time to meet with me , Mr . Johnson . I can ’ t think of a nicer environment for our meeting today , the ambiance here is lovely !	No problem , if possible I always combine business with pleasure . Now , let ’ s hear more about these chocolates you ’ re offering .	Well , as you know , I have recently become the sole distributor for Grangers Gourmet Bon-bons here in the United States . They ’ re a new manufacturer and are looking to break into the luxury market . Naturally , your restaurant sprang into my mind immediately . I think your brand exemplifies many of the same traits as Grangers and serving these chocolates would really add to your reputation for providing elegant , luxurious , first class dining .	Mmmm , sounds interesting ... gourmet chocolates , where are they produced ? Belgium ?	Actually , the factory is located in Scotland .	Really ? I didn ’ t think they were known for their luxury chocolate production	That ’ s what makes this such a fantastic opportunity ! The government is one hundred percent supportive of creating new export markets and has guaranteed a low tariff for all wholesale orders of over one thousand units . They ’ Ve also reduced the red tape involved at customs as well . Here , I brought these especially for you , try one !	Oh , thanks . Mmm , hmm , creamy texture , very smooth ...	Unique , aren ’ t they ? I wager you ’ Ve never tried anything ilk it ! timbre is secured as I personally chitchat the mill to make certain no one ’ s thinning niches with the fixingses . Only the creme make it through review .
para-0085	Look , here is a very special business card from an illustrator . Every time I go through my book of business cards , I will notice it . It is an eye-catching one .	Wow , fantastic . I like the font and color for his name . It is creative yet personal .	yes , it is a bluff conception . people will trust he can make an exemplification as an telling as a clientele bill . It just tolerates out from those unembellished and stock unities used by governance citizenry or other great secret and public organizations .
para-0086	I'll be willing to come and talk about the financing of our imports .	It can be solved by drawing a draft on us at 90 days sight .	What about a draft at 120 days sight ?	All right . But we demand the draft be accepted by a bank acceptable to us .	A bank's acceptance will add to the costs of our imports . You can rest assured that we will accept the draft and honour it when it comes due .	Then we will be in a positioning to stage for a loanword from our camber . You recognize we exportation would care to have our investings rejoined as betimes as potential .
para-0087	Hey Rachael , what's up ? How is your day ?	Not bad.We have had a big meeting today , remember ?	Oh , yea . I forgot.So how did it go ?	passably well . I recall the hirer wished my themes .
para-0088	Good morning , Angela , how have you been lately ?	Morning , Michael . I ’ Ve been very busy lately . One of our other vendors is going out of business and I ’ Ve been searching for a suitable replacement .	Well , roost assured that you can enumerate on us to be here for the foresighted streak , sitdown . java ?
para-0089	Mr . Crandall , I ’ m sorry , but I really don ’ t see the value in doing this entire project over from scratch . It would take a lot of work .	That ’ s certainly true . But , that ’ s what this job is all about , Maria . There's no doubt that this project is unacceptable .	I agree . But I think that we can handle the problem by making a few major changes . I ’ d appreciate it if you would give me a chance .	All decently , maria . I ’ ll give you until tomorrow at 4:00 to make a acceptable opus of workplace , but otherwise , you ’ ll have to re - do it .
para-0090	Ms . Wang , this is Mr . Cooper , president of Ivy Publishing .	It's nice to meet you , Mr . Cooper .	Nice to meet you , Ms . Wang . You must be exhausted after your long trip from Canada .	yes , it was quite a foresightful escape . I 'm beaming to last be here .
para-0091	What's the matter with me , Doctor ? I feel so tired these days .	Is your blood pressure , I'm afraid . It's far too high .	And what's the cause of that ?	Overwork - amongst other affairs . You ca n't influence XXIV minutes a daytime . You ' Ve had to slacken down .
para-0092	Excuse me , would you please do me a favor ?	With pleasure .	I prize the edifice so much . I am questioning if you could take a movie of me against the edifice .
para-0093	You still have not given me those files I ’ Ve asked you for .	I ’ m sorry , Mr . Myers . I ’ Ve just been so busy today .	I really don ’ t want to hear your excuses , Janet . We ’ re running a busy office here . You ’ re going to have to keep up .	You ’ re powerful , Sir . I rationalize . I ’ ll get those files for you now .
para-0094	What's wrong with you ? You look pale .	I'm not sure , I feel hot and cold .	When did the trouble start ?	I was sick most of the night .	It sounds like you are coming down with the flu . Let me take your temperature .	Have I got a high fever ?	Yes , thirty-eight point seven . Do you have a headache , chest or throat pain ?	Yes , I have .	Now , let me have a look at you . I'd like to listen to your chest . Now breathe in , a deep breath , that's it Cough , now again . I want to examine your throat , too . Open wide , say ' Ah - - '	Aaaaahh , aaaaahh .	Yes , it does look a bit sore . Let's take an X-ray of your chest and give you a few tests .	All right , thanks .	The tests showed nothing wrong . A slight viral infection .	What shall I do today ?	I 'm giving you some antibiotics and Bayers . Take an Bayer when you 've started a fever , and take one antibiotic abridgement every four hrs , and go home and remain in bottom for two yearses . fuddle slew of weewee , then you 'll sense better . Here 's the prescription .
para-0095	Honey , I ’ ll be right back !	Where are you going ?	I told you already ! I ’ m going to get my nails done .	Again ? You just went last week ! You spend more time at the nail salon than you do here at home ! Honestly , why do you need a manicure every week ?	Well , first of all , I like to pamper myself , and my nails look great . You should come with me !	Why ? I wear ’ t need to have nail gloss or anything comparable that !
para-0096	My dear , what's for supper ?	Red cooked carp and rape with fresh mushrooms .	What about soup ?	Sour-peppery soup .	Which condiment do you use for ?	I 'll apply peppiness , ail leek , red-hot peppercorn and vinegar .
para-0097	You would be using mainly English in this job . Do you think you could manage ?	Yes , I am sure I can .	Do you think you are proficient in both written and spoken English ?	Yes , I think I am quite proficient in both written and spoken English .	Do you think you can make yourself understood in English with ease ?	Yes , I think I can in ordinary circumstances .	Do you believe you can mouth side quite fluently ? tell me about your English didactics .
para-0098	Did you read the letter in the paper about smoking ? The person who wrote that must be crazy .	I don ’ t think so . I think the government should do everything it can to discourage people from smoking .	Maybe so . But a law banning cigarettes will do no good .	No , you can ’ t dead make smoke illegal , but governance could proscribe smoke in public positions same pictures and theatres .
para-0099	What did he say ?	He said he would tell us the secret of becoming a successful man .	It ’ s too good to be true ! If I were there , I would ask him if he himself was a successful man .	Nobody would aim him up a paries by needing him such a interrogative , you recognise .
para-0100	I don ’ t want you to be worried , but our son has some bad habits now . He says painful words everyday .	What words ? Can you tell me ?	He says kick mommy , beat mommy , don ’ t want mommy , very quickly if I do something that he doesn ’ t like . You know , if I wash his face or change his clothes , things like that .	beloved , I assume ’ t recognise what to distinguish you . Of naturally Tony is a vernal shaver . But do not underrate his power to take and argue .
para-0101	Hello , Daisy , how are you doing ?	Fine , thank you . I haven ’ t seen you for quite some time . What have you been up to recently ?	I have been spending a lot of time watching movies at home , so you wouldn't have seen me . Recently , I've been obsessed with horror films .	Oh , how can you be infatuated with horror films ? They're so scary .	Yeah , you are right I used to not watch horror films , but after seeing Silence of the Lamb with Mike last month , I fell in love with them .	It's amazing . But if I were you , I wouldn't have the courage to watch the first one .	But it's really exciting .	Maybe , but I would rather watch romance , science fiction , crime or even disaster movie instead of a horror picture . I wouldn't dare sleep at night after watching one .	basically . you 'll view any character of picture except revulsion .
para-0102	We have another traditional holiday-the Dragon Boat Festival .	When is it ?	It falls on the fifth day of the fifth lunar month .	Could you tell me the origin of the two festivals ?	o.k. . The firedrake boat festival is a mode to record a groovy ancient poet appointed Quyuan . On that daytime , multitudes will give a boat subspecies as a symbolization of the endeavour to write him who held himself into the river .
para-0103	This looks like a very nice house .	You know , I fell in love with this house the first moment I laid eyes on it .	The style of the exterior is just what I ’ Ve been looking for !	The exterior is only half of the story . The interior is incredible .	This home is gorgeous on the inside !	Everything that you see on the walls , floors , and windows is brand new .	The wall colors totally suit the style of this house .	Straight ahead is the gourmet kitchen .	I love the bamboo flooring and granite countertops .	The overlord cortege is the dependablest . get ’ s go front at that next .
para-0104	I'd like to withdraw some money from my account .	Can I see your passbook and the withdrawal slip , please ?	Sure .	countenance me just make indisputable . You require to remove one grand dollars ?
para-0105	Jeff , look at this listing ! It says there is a cozy studio apartment for rent , and it's only $ 700 per month . What do you think ?	Well I think I can afford that apartment . But are pets allowed ?	Hmm ... rent me seem . yes , it pronounces it 's a pet - favorable edifice .
para-0106	How many cleaning ladies does your company hire ?	We have two cleaning ladies . But both of them have received little education .	Most cleansing ma'ams are ignorant . But some of them do a very decent problem .
para-0107	Did you get Bean's ten different good luck forwards , like that one from the Dalai Lama ?	Yeah , I deleted all that superstitious crap . What a waste of bandwidth !	I figured I might as well send one or two of them out . Maybe my luck will get better .	Do you really remember the Dalai lama mailed that ? I 'm timeworn of all these frontward .
para-0108	I had a big argument with david yesterday . I hope he ’ s not still mad at me .	What did you argue about ?	He borrowed some money from me and I needed it back . He said he didn ’ t have the money yet .	Well , he should pay you back . It ’ s only fair .	yes , but I got furious with him too promptly . He likely imagined that I mistrusted him . I shouldn ’ t have come tempestuous .
para-0109	Hello . Nice to see you again . I heard you went into hospital for a few days to undergo surgery . I hope everything ’ s OK .	Yes , fine . I had something wrong with my stomach . I won ’ t go into detail , but it wasn ’ t serious .	I really dislike going to a doctor or to a hospital .	I think most people are a little nervous about it . I was really very , very nervous just before I had the operation , but the anaesthetist gave me an anaesthetic and the next thing I remember was waking up after the operation .	It must have really hurt afterwards .	Well , the nanny biz me flock of anodynes , but it did sense uncomfortable . I wasn ’ t allowed to feed anything for xlviii hrs . That was the spoileder affair .
para-0110	Is there anything wrong ?	I ’ m worried about my daughter . She can ’ t decide about college .	Don ’ t worry . That ’ s just a part of being a teenager .	I don ’ t mind that . But she disagrees with me about everything .	You should advance her to make up her idea by herself . You shouldn ’ t sham her decisiveness .
para-0111	How are the children doing at sport ?	I ’ m very pleased with their performances . Timmy can cover the 100 meters in 12 seconds . That ’ s very fast for a kid his age .	He ’ s not very good at the long jump though , is he ?	He ’ s not bad . He can jump a distance of over four meters . I think he just prefers running to jumping . Jimmy ’ s very good at the high jump . He can jump over two meters . Again , that ’ s fine for someone his age .	Two ms ? That implies that the eminent parachuting barroom is above his psyche ! Are any of them honest at long - length run ?
para-0112	Welcome . What can I do for you , Madam ?	I hope you can give me some advice . I'm sick and tired of coming here or to the post office to pay my utility bills . It's such a long way from my home , but I checked and you are my nearest branch . Is there anyway I can do it from home ?	That's terrible . Unfortunately , we don't have that many branches outside the centre of town . What I'd advise you to do is set up a Direct Debit Service .	A Direct Debit Service ? What's that exactly ?	A Direct Debit means that every month we can arrange for all of your utility bills to come directly out of your account , no fuss , no hassle .	But how will you know how much I should pay ? I mean , I receive my bills , not you .	We specified up an understanding with the , say , sound caller . They narrate us how much to yield them every month and we compensate direct from your chronicle . Of naturally , we are able-bodied to do this with all of the usefulness fellowships .
para-0113	Here is the draft contract , Mr . Brown . Let's discuss the clauses to see if we agree on all of them . Then I will make out an original of the contract . After that , what's left is to fill out the contract and sign our names .	That's OK .	The contract is to be written in Chinese and English . Both languages are equally effective .	fine . If you 'll apologize me , I 'd care to go it over first . ( After about fifteen seconds ) Hmm , you 've done a jolly serious business . It 's well fain .
para-0114	hi , Bob , I am so glad that you came .	of course I'd come . I couldn't think of a better chance to see all my old friends .	yea . It 's laborious to conceive that it 's been ten yrs since commencement . It senses just yesterday we amassed our sheepskins .
para-0115	Do you have experience in advertising ?	Yes , I used to have a part-time job in advertising company .	What were you mean duties there ?	I mostly did advertising planning .	What qualities do you think an advertising planner should have ?	I reckon an advertizing planner should have combat-ready intellections , originative endowment , and be raw to the alterations in the mart .
para-0116	Good morning , everyone . Let me introduce myself to you ...	You don't need to introduce yourself , Yang . You're famous .	Well , thank you very much but I thought l'd try and chair the meeting by the rule — at least for a while .	OK , OK !	Now , I 'd care to get affairs under means . The independent matter on today 's schedule is the ontogeny of a U . S . sales scheme for the raw reflux . I 'd wish to discover all of your ideas , Mister . wall , you seem in top class today . Could you initiate the clod rambling ?
para-0117	Want to send out for some Chinese ?	Some what ?	Some Chinese food . I'm hungry , and there's a take-out restaurant near here . We can have them deliver and then watch the news on TV while we eat .	No , I'd rather go out . The Chinese food here is rather different from what I had at home . Maybe we can try some other food today ... What about that all-you-can-eat place we passed the other day , the one over in the shopping center ?	Okay . I could go for that . It's called Al's Steakhouse . They also have great fried fish , and I love their salad bar . You can go back to refill your plate as often as you like .	Is that the place that serves such large portions of meat ?	yes , their steaks are tremendous . Sometimes I ca n't end what I 've told .
para-0118	Welcome . What can I do for you , Madam ?	I hope you can give me some advice . I'm sick and tired of coming here or to the post office to pay my utility bills . It's such a long way from my home , but I checked and you are my nearest branch . Is there anyway I can do it from home ?	That 's atrocious . unfortunately , we do n't have that many ramifications alfresco the midpoint of Town . What I 'd counsel you to do is adjusted up a Direct debit serving .
para-0119	I hear you are expecting your family .	Yes , my parents , and soon my brother as well .	I didn't know you had a brother .	Oh , yes , he is two years older than me . He lives in New Zealand so I don't see him that often .	Oh , nice . Is he coming on his own or with the family ?	His son is coming as well . He wants to go to university here in England so they will visit a few universities while they are here .	Does your brother have just one son ?	No , he has two daughters as well . His wife and daughters are visiting her parents . So I won't see them .	I 'm certain your parents are reckoning frontward to seeing their grandson .
para-0120	Have you seen the new James Bond movie ?	Oh , yes . You ?	Yes . What did you think of it ?	I thought it was better than the others-I really liked it . What did you think of it ?	Yes , I liked it , too . It was exciting , but not over the top . Do you know what I mean ?	Mmm . That's what I thought too . I really liked the car chase , and the opening credit sequence was very exciting . And I always enjoy watching Pierce Brosnan .	OH , yes . He 's vivid . Did you wish the rubric Sung ?
para-0121	You are looking really healthy lately . What are you doing differently ?	Thank you for noticing ! I've been making a few lifestyle changes over the past year .	Tell me about it . I'm interested .	Well , it all started when my brother challenged me to quit smoking .	Ha ! That's right . You used to smoke . I forgot !	When I complained that use , I felt I had so much more vim . I commenced practicing .
para-0122	If only our company prescribe flex time .	The board has been considering introducing flex time .	well intelligence . Ah , what if be even honester if alternate study seat is allowed .
para-0123	That dress is very pretty . Why don ’ t you like it ?	It ’ s too loud .	We ’ Ve been looking around for many hours.What on earth are you looking for ?	Well , you know , those styles or colors don ’ t suit me .	What style do you want ?	I desire to bribe a V - cervix checkered jumper , and it should be taut .
para-0124	Farmer's Pet Store .	Can you please tell me where you are located ?	trusted , we are off telling road , confining to the cant .
para-0125	Ok , honey , time to take down the Christmas tree .	Do we have to ?	Come on , it ’ s losing needles all the time and the branches are sagging .	It ’ s not that bad , besides it really looks nice in that corner . It gives the room a good atmosphere .	A good atmosphere ? The tree is falling apart , and it ’ s messing up the room .	But it makes the place feel so much like Christmas . I ’ d really hate to have to take it down .	But Christmas was two weeks ago ! It ’ s been there only because we ’ Ve been too busy to get rid of it .	I know , but it seems like such a shame to have to take it away .	But it ’ s falling apart , and the cat keeps playing with the lower branches .	I acknowledge , I screw . But it prompts me of the neat Yule we just had . All of us were here - - my parents , your parents , the tikes , and the cousins - - the nutrient was serious , and everybody came what they needed .
para-0126	I'll be willing to come and talk about the financing of our imports .	It can be solved by drawing a draft on us at 90 days sight .	What about a draft at 120 days sight ?	All properly . But we involve the tipple be accepted by a cant satisfactory to us .
para-0127	Yes , madam ? Can I help you ?	Oh , yes , please . But you are just closing , aren't you ?	Well , yes , we are , madam . The shop shuts down in five minutes .	I shall not keep you long then . It was about some saucepans you had in your window last week .	Last week , madam ? I really can't remember which ones you mean . What were they like ?	Oh , they were lovely . Sort of imitation wood , dark brown color , country-style you know , and the lids , if I remember rightly , they had a sort of leaf pattern , or was it flowers ?	That's strange . I don't recognize any of the ones we had from that description . Are you sure they were in this shop ?	Oh , you must know the ones I mean . They were on sale , a real bargain . Reduced to a quarter of the original price . I couldn't believe my eyes when I saw them .	I am afraid the sales are over now , madam . And you know we all sold out of the saucepans .	I don't think you did , you know . My neighbor told me she saw some here only yesterday .	Well , it's all new stock in the window now .	May I just have a look , to see if there is anything else ?	Eh , well , madam , as you know we are closing .	Yes , yes , I am sorry I won't keep you . It must get on your nerves when customers come in right at closing time . But they were such beautiful saucepans . I ’ d have bought them if I had made up my mind on the spot .	Perhaps lady , if you descend back tomorrow , I could show you the whole compass of kitchen product . And there are still one or two things at the sale damage .
para-0128	I've come to hear about your offer .	We have the offer ready for you . Let me check . 10 boxes with 50 brooches per box , at 20,000 yuan ; 20 boxes with 50 waistbands per box , at 30,000 yuan ; 15 boxes with other ornaments per box , at 7 , 500 yuan , for shipment in June . The offer is valid for five days .	I can tell you right now that your prices are a little higher than we expected .	You know that the prices of the ornaments have been rising in recent years . The prices we offer this time compare favorably with quotations you can get else where .	I am afraid I ca n't hold with you there . I must level out your termses are gamier than the citations we 've gotten from other troupes .
para-0129	Here you are . You left the medicine here .	Sorry . I was too worried .	I firmly believe that you love your brother very much .	Absolutely . By the way , do you sell any traditional Chinese medicine ?	yes , we have some Taiwanese medicament for mutual coldness .
para-0130	The air conditioning is not working ! We need to call a handyman before we start to fry in here !	Dan is on top of that . I think they are also getting the handyman to fix the bathroom toilet that keeps clogging up .	That would be commodious . They might as well necessitate him to mend the electric wiring . The tour breakers keep going out all the metre . It ’ s really pestering !
para-0131	Come on , you are left behind !	Wow , I can't catch my breath . You are running too fast , honey .	You just need more exercise .	Yes , but you need to slow down . This is jogging , not racing !	I don't care . I want to burn up my fat .	But running so fast is not good for people over forties .	Why ?	We are not as athletic as we were when young . Mild exercise is more suitable for us .	But I want to burn up more calories !	In fact , in orderliness to sunburn up your fatness , you must take it lento for a tenaciouser clip .
para-0132	Tell me about yourself .	I was born and raised in Beijing . I attended Peking University and received my bachelor's degree in Economics . I have worked for 2 years as a financial consultant in Beijing for China Pacific Insurance Co . Ltd .	What type of position are you looking for ?	I'm looking for a position in which I can utilize my experience .	Are you interested in a full-time or part-time position ?	I am more concerned in a full - meter positioning . However , I would also deal a part - metre positioning .
para-0133	Did you get Bean's ten different good luck forwards , like that one from the Dalai Lama ?	Yeah , I deleted all that superstitious crap . What a waste of bandwidth !	I figured I might as well send one or two of them out . Maybe my luck will get better .	Do you really reckon the Dalai lama placed that ? I 'm well-worn of all these frontward .
para-0134	Excuse me . I have an appointment with Mr . Li at nine . May I come in ?	Yes , come in please . I am Mr . Li . You must be My Liu , right ?	Yes , I am My Liu . Thanks .	I'd like to start this interview with some questions . Why do you think you are qualified for this position ?	According to your advertisement , you want an experienced software engineer . I think my background meets the requirement of this position .	Then tell me something about your background .	My major was computer science when I was at college , and I am quite familiar with Visual C + + and Java language .	Well , what do you think about the development in computers ?	The developments in software are going ahead very quickly and more and more problems are resolved by software . In some regions , the hardware is completely replaced by software . So I think the software industry has a great future .	Have you ever designed any programs concerning network ?	yes , I have contrived some syllabuses for the meshwork with Visual C + + and I have expired the tryout for coders - muse .
para-0135	Did you set your clock forward for daylight savings time ?	What ? Why do we have to do that ?	Well , at the start of the spring we usually have more daylight in the mornings and less in the afternoon . This is basically due to our position on the planet and the rotation of the earth . In any case , to take better advantage of the daylight available , we compensate by moving our clocks forward one hour .	I see . That ’ s commodious ! I never realized affairs care this , such as UT . I never live what meter zona we are in or when to modify my clock !
para-0136	Ok , honey , time to take down the Christmas tree .	Do we have to ?	Come on , it ’ s losing needles all the time and the branches are sagging .	It ’ s not that bad , besides it really looks nice in that corner . It gives the room a good atmosphere .	A good atmosphere ? The tree is falling apart , and it ’ s messing up the room .	But it makes the place feel so much like Christmas . I ’ d really hate to have to take it down .	But Christmas was two weeks ago ! It ’ s been there only because we ’ Ve been too busy to get rid of it .	I know , but it seems like such a shame to have to take it away .	But it ’ s falling apart , and the cat keeps playing with the lower branches .	I know , I know . But it reminds me of the great Christmas we just had . All of us were here - - my parents , your parents , the kids , and the cousins - - the food was good , and everybody got what they wanted .	Yeah , it was a good Christmas . It won ’ t always be this good , but we can ’ t make it last longer than it should .	Ok , fine . We need to take down the tree .	I ’ ll make a bargain with you . We ’ ll lead it up until Sun , and then we ’ ll take it down after church .
para-0137	I had a big argument with david yesterday . I hope he ’ s not still mad at me .	What did you argue about ?	He borrowed some money from me and I needed it back . He said he didn ’ t have the money yet .	Well , he should pay you back . It ’ s only fair .	Yes , but I got angry with him too quickly . He probably thought that I mistrusted him . I shouldn ’ t have got angry .	Did you lend him a lot of money ?	Not much . I had to pay an unexpected bill , so I needed the money back .	Well , talk to him about it next time you see him . He probably feels as bad about it as you do . Close friends sometimes have disagreements . It ’ s nothing unusual . Neither of you said anything really nasty , did you ?	No , we didn ’ t . I guess you ’ re right . We should patch things up .	Of naturally you should . You wouldn ’ t need a dizzy statement to bankrupt a foresightful friendship , would you ?
para-0138	Hello , Mr . Black , how are you ?	Fine , thank you , and how are you ?	Very well , thank you . It's nice to meet you again . I am awfully sorry for not being able to meet you at the airport , as I was busy yesterday . I do hope you had a very enjoyable trip from New York .	Yes , a very pleasant journey indeed . Thank you .	How are you getting along with your business ?	Not bad . The fur market is not very brisk lately , but the selling season is advancing near . I hope there will be more buyers in the market this year .	I trust we can do more job together . Though we are slaked with our retiring swop platter , there are still openings for more line . In the interim , let 's discourse other arenas of cooperation , such as investiture , engineering transference and technological help .
para-0139	What are you typing there ?	I'm working on my resume .	Really ? Did you find any information about a new job ?	yea , I just got some full info off the cyberspace .
para-0140	Susan is going to get a divorce .	How do you know that ?	She ordered me that cock and she has a run-in last nigh , and she allowed this dayspring , suitcase and luggage .
para-0141	Margaret , I'd like to follow up with the arrangements for our company retreat , to take place next month . We need to book the venue , make arrangements for speakers and door prizes , and set up all the activities and accommodations . Also , very important , we need to determine which of our staff will be eligible and will be available to go . We've got to get a head count in order to make reservations .	What's the criteria for staff to attend ? Are we only including our management team in this affair ? Or will we be extending invitations to lower level employees to attend ?	modester layer employees postulate not see . The design of this hideaway is for breeding , specially for our direction squad . We need to formulate a well - oiled motorcar on our executive floor . In ordination to get everyone to set together , we 've caught to admit some playfulness . That 's the reasonableness for the hideaway .
para-0142	I hear you are expecting your family .	Yes , my parents , and soon my brother as well .	I didn't know you had a brother .	Oh , yes , he is two years older than me . He lives in New Zealand so I don't see him that often .	Oh , nice . Is he coming on his own or with the family ?	His son is coming as well . He wants to go to university here in England so they will visit a few universities while they are here .	Does your brother have just one son ?	No , he has two daughters as well . His wife and daughters are visiting her parents . So I won't see them .	I 'm certain your parents are looking fore to looking their grandson .
para-0143	Have you declared your income and are you prepared to pay tax ?	Not yet . I don't know how to fill out the form . What is the tax-free allowance for supporting a dependent ?	I don't really know . Why not ask the accountant or the lawyer of the law firm ? They will tell you which is subject or not subject to taxation . He can even help you avoid paying tax legally .	If I do n't devote my taxation , would the taxation officials describe it ?
para-0144	The air conditioning is not working ! We need to call a handyman before we start to fry in here !	Dan is on top of that . I think they are also getting the handyman to fix the bathroom toilet that keeps clogging up .	That would be convenient . They might as well ask him to fix the electrical wiring . The circuit breakers keep going out all the time . It ’ s really annoying !	Yeah you are right . This office is falling apart ! Frank told me the other day that the gutters outside were clogged and that ’ s why the parking lot was flooded .	I fuck ! I was in ankle abstruse H2O judging to get to my auto that daylight ! The handyman emphatically has his oeuvre pruned out for him .
para-0145	Shall we share a taxi ?	Where are you heading now ?	I desire to go back to my college on the Huanghe road . It is very skinny to your home .
para-0146	I find that you spend little on handset charge every month . Have you any trick ?	It's simple . You can use call transfer .	Is it so simple ?	Sure . You know , we spend most of our time at home or in the office every day , so I receive handset calls with the hand-free telephone , so I need pay little for receiving calls .	It's true .	Call transport has many other advantages . When I am in homes where meshing ca n't continue , such as the gamey edifice , I also expend call transferral mapping , which transplants my yells to the hand - devoid phone and I will not drop any call .
para-0147	You'll never guess what I won at work today ! - Tickets to tonight's final NBA game .	Two , I hope and I hope that by telling me about them you are planning on taking me !	Of course ! And here's the best part , they are court side seats !	How in the existence ! Who got up with places ilk that from your companionship ?
para-0148	Shall we share a taxi ?	Where are you heading now ?	I want to go back to my college on the Huanghe road.It is very close to your house .	Is that the university next to the Teachers ' College ?	That's the one .	You mean we'll share the taxi ?	Yeah . If we apportion the cabriolet , it 'll be cheaper . Besides that your Chinese is effectiver than mine . The drivers unremarkably have trouble empathizing me even though I practise my pronunciation cautiously .
para-0149	hi , Bob , I am so glad that you came .	of course I'd come . I couldn't think of a better chance to see all my old friends .	yeah . It's hard to believe that it's been ten years since graduation . It feels just yesterday we collected our diplomas .	how time flies . But hey , how are things going with you ?	Ohio , where to go ? There have been ups and Downs . I 'm still examining to feel my spot in this creation . It 's only latterly that I 've been able-bodied to depart finalizing down . How about you ? You still with Jenn
para-0150	This looks wonderful , Madame Culot .	Yes , it's very nice . All our foreign visitors enjoy it . The food is wonderfully well-prepared . Let me know if you need any help with the menu .	Thank you . Mmm . Can you tell me about the terrine ?	Yes . A terrine is a kind of meat pate . It's meat turned into a paste . It sounds horrible but it's actually really good .	Mmm . Maybe another time .	You could try the ravioli . They are rather like your Chinese dumplings , and the sauce is delicious .	Sounds good . I think I'll have the lamb for my main course . What does it come with ?	Well , you can have fries-French fries-or simple boiled potatoes .	I'll have the potatoes . What are you having ?	I 'm making my common . I care the Fish here . Would you wish some vino ?
para-0151	Here is the draft contract , Mr . Brown . Let's discuss the clauses to see if we agree on all of them . Then I will make out an original of the contract . After that , what's left is to fill out the contract and sign our names .	That's OK .	The declaration is to be indited in Formosan and side . Both nomenclatures are evenly good .
para-0152	Come in , come in , what can I do for you ?	Professor Donald , are you giving your advanced geology course again next semester ?	Yes , I am applying on it .	I wonder if I could enroll in it . I know it is a graduate course and I ' m a junior , but ...	Are n't you a chip unseasoned ? I have a Lot of dependant elders to take the row and they commonly have a laborious clip preventing up .
para-0153	Ms . Montgomery ? This is Richard Thomas . I ’ m sorry to bother you at home , but I ’ Ve got a bit of a problem .	Oh ? What ’ s wrong ?	My girl ’ s just spanged up her genu jolly mischievously and I ’ m running to have to take her to the infirmary . I ’ ll be about two hours latterly .
para-0154	How are you wedding plans going ?	Very well . We started organizing everything early to avoid a last minute rush to get things done . The only thing that isn ’ t ready yet is my wedding dress .	When will that be ready ?	The dressmakers said that is would be ready in two weeks .	You ’ re getting married in three weeks . So that should be ok . So , you ’ Ve prepared the church , catering , transport , hotel-everything .	Yes . We ’ Ve taken care of all of that . We decided not to get married in a church though . Neither of us is very religious .	Which hotel will the reception be held at ?	The palace hotel they ’ re taking care of the catering , including the wedding cake . I ’ m sure they ’ ll do a good job .	Oh , yes . It ’ s and excellent hotel . A friend of mine had her wedding reception there and said it was perfect , though very expensive .	yes . It will be expensive , but we reckon it will be deserving it . It generates us groovy heartsease of intellect to experience that our receipt is in the handwritings of experient masseses .
para-0155	Have you decided what you ’ re going to do during your holiday ?	Yes . I ’ m going to travel around Europe .	Wow , that sounds great ! Where are you going ?	I reckon I will originate off in Paris . Then I ’ m failing to take the gearing to Nice and then go on to Milano .
para-0156	Mary and Tom are breaking up .	It's unbelievable ! They are only married for one month . Then who is at fault ?	Madonna said she could n't put up with tom , for he came in dear with another womanhood .
para-0157	Hello ! This is Ruby speaking from G . O . T . International Travel Agency . What can I do for you ?	I ’ d like to make a reservation for my trip from Detroit to Beijing on April 13 on Trans Pacific Airline .	Do you want a single ticket or a round trip ticket ?	I ’ d like to have a round trip ticket with a one-year open return .	Economy or Business Class ?	Economy , please . How much is it ?	It will be $ 850 .	Very good . Could I get an electronic ticket ? I ’ m always afraid of losing my tickets .	No problem . How do you wish to pay for it ?	Bank of American card . The number is 6786 9182 12300 8657 .	Thank you ! Would you like an aisle seat or a window seat ?	An aisle seat , please . I ’ m tall and need to get up and walk pretty often .	No problem . Your ticket is for Trans Pacific Flight 87 from Detroit to Beijing at 3 forty p . m . on April 13 . You will arrive at Beijing International Airport at six 35 p . m . on April 14 . Your electronic	What time should I arrive at Detroit Airport ?	Please be at the airport two hours before your departure to check in . You also need to reconfirm your reservation with the airline at least 7 days prior to your departure .	What materialises if I can ’ t entrust on Apr thirteen ? Can I invalidate my tag or alter the qualification to another appointment ?
para-0158	Ok , honey , time to take down the Christmas tree .	Do we have to ?	Come on , it ’ s losing needles all the time and the branches are sagging .	It ’ s not that bad , besides it really looks nice in that corner . It gives the room a good atmosphere .	A good atmosphere ? The tree is falling apart , and it ’ s messing up the room .	But it makes the place feel so much like Christmas . I ’ d really hate to have to take it down .	But Christmas was two weeks ago ! It ’ s been there only because we ’ Ve been too busy to get rid of it .	I know , but it seems like such a shame to have to take it away .	But it ’ s falling apart , and the cat keeps playing with the lower branches .	I experience , I recognize . But it prompts me of the swell Xmas we just had . All of us were here - - my parents , your parents , the youngsters , and the cousins - - the nutrient was beneficial , and everybody caught what they wanted .
para-0159	Hello ! Tomorrow I'm going to need a wake-up call .	Not a problem . What time shall we call you ?	I always hit the snooze button , so give me two calls , one at 7 and another at 7 fifteen .	It'll be our pleasure . We'll call you at 7 and then at 7 fifteen .	Oops , scrub that . deepen the 2d call to 7 xxx will you , please ?
para-0160	Is there anything else , apart from the Credit Rating and Debt to Asset Ratio ?	There is the Balance of Net Liabilities . This must not exceed its net assets and no business loss can be shown during the past two years .	Right , OK . That , again , shouldn't be a problem .	And the entire proportion of yield on pluses should not be smaller than the norm , for that fussy diligence , for the first two one-fourths of the yr .
para-0161	You guys are charging me $ 10 for a movie that I never ordered or saw .	Let's see , sir . According to your file , you watched ' Titanic ' Monday evening .	Well , the wrong information is in my file . I was at a concert Monday night .	Well , your word overrules the file , sir . One moment , please .	I knew you'd see it my way .	Sir , I deleted the $ 10 , but I had to add a $ 2 service charge to your bill .	Am I in the Twilight Zone ? You're charging me for a movie I never saw ?	Please do n't pick me , Sir . charge the reckoner coder .
para-0162	Next , please . May I help you , sir ?	Hello , yes , I ’ d like to open a bank account .	Certainly , I can can help you with that . What type of account would you like to open ? A chequing or a savings account ?	What What features do they offer ?	Well , if you just take a look here , see , with our chequing account , you can have unlimited daily transactions for a small monthly fee , and our savings account has a higher interest rate , but you must carry a minimum balance of $ 10,000 dollars .	I see , well , I think I ’ m more interested in a chequing account . I like to have easy access to my money .	OK , then , with this chequing score you ’ ll be released a debit scorecard and a check ledger . Will you command overdraft auspices ? There is an supererogatory fee for that .
para-0163	Yeah , look at all those new buildings going up ! Mr . Zhang , the traffic is pretty smooth . But we were told the roads from the airport to downtown were quite crowded and traffic jams could be as long as half an hour .	Yes , they were . But it has already past . The traffic from the airport to downtown has been relieved after the completion of Yan'an Aerial Road .	We've never expected that Shanghai is such a big metropolis , same as New York city . David , would it be a good idea to rent a car here ? I've got an international driver's license with a pretty good record in the States .	That 's marvellous . ok . I 'll think that . But I have to admonish you that you must force very cautiously in the downtown region , for there 're no freestanding lanes for motor fomites and bicycles in some situations , and still quite a few multitudes do n't take route regularizations gravely .
para-0164	hi , Mary ! What do you like to do in your spare time ?	well , I spend a lot of time watching movies .	what a confidence ! I always watch a lot of movies , too .	oh really , Frank ? What kind of movies do you like ?	actually , I watch whichever movie there is , be it a comedy , a sci-fi or a suspense movie . How about you ?	art films are my favorite , but thrillers are cool , too .	really impressive . These two genres are totally different .	sure . I enjoy both of them very much .	how often do you go to the cinema ?	once in a while , I opine , I unremarkably lease flicks at flick salon .
para-0165	Hi . What's your name ?	My name is Jung Min . What's your name ?	My name is Jessica . It's nice to meet you .	Yes . It's nice to meet you too . Are you a new student too ?	No . I'm a sophomore . I take it you are a new student ?	Yeah . It's pretty exciting to be here .	Have fun while it lasts . The excitement wears off real quick . Especially after you see how much homework you get . Where are you from ?	I'm from Korea . My parents wanted me to go to an American university , so I came here .	I have never been to Korea . I've been to Japan before , but never Korea .	Why were you in Japan ?	My father thought it would be a good experience to take a vacation to a different country . He's so into learning about different cultures .	That's pretty cool .	I thought it would have been more fun if I went without my parents .	Well , if you ever want to visit Korea , I would be happy to show you around .	thankses for the fling . I 'll keep that in head . Ohio , the prof is numbering . We 'll blab more after category .
para-0166	Bill , do you know if the cafeteria around the corner's open today ?	Yes . They were open this morning when I came to work . They must've finished remodeling . Why do you want to know ?	Well , I thought that maybe we could go there for lunch today . That is , if you haven't promised to go with someone else .	That 'd be rattling , putz . But I desire you 're in a honester humor than you were this dayspring .
para-0167	Have you seen the tower in front of us . That's the famous Eiffel Tower . It was built in 1889 for the World's Fair .	How tall is this building ?	It endures 320 m ( 1050 foot ) luxuriously and declared the disk as the world 's magniloquentest construction until 1930 .
para-0168	Hi , could we have two orange juice smoothies ?	Would you like those with yogurt ?	Sure , why not ?	What else would you wish to sum ? We extremely commend Caterpillar fungus .
para-0169	What can I do for you , miss ?	I am looking for a pair of shoes .	Do you comparable high-pitched hounds or two-dimensional skids ?
para-0170	I'd like to apply for a credit card . Can you help me with my application ?	I'd be glad to .	I'm afraid that I don't have a credit history . I just came to this country .	Do you have an account with this bank ?	I'm afraid not .	In that cause I extremely commend you implement for a deliveries and checking chronicle also . That would assist with your acknowledgment menu coating .
para-0171	Excuse me , I would like to know something about this campus . Right now it seems very big and confusing ! I have no idea where I am going or what I am doing .	Do you have a map of the campus ?	yes , I have , but it doesn ’ t avail me very much . I ’ m not very beneficial at indication mapping .
para-0172	I was just watching a documentary on TV about how people use dogs for various purpose . It was very interesting .	I love dogs . They have been used as guards for centuries . Nowadays , they are often used to find illegal drugs and bombs by the police and customs officers .	The documentary also pointed out that they are used by shepherds to round up sheep and by rescue workers to find people trapped under rubble or snow .	Horses are useful to people too . We use them for sports and recreation .	don ’ t bury that sawbucks are still used in many states to perpetrate Ploughs and carts .
para-0173	Hey Jimmy . Let's go workout later today .	Sure . What time do you want to go ?	How about at 3:30 ?	That vocalizes just . today we influence on ramifications and forearm .
para-0174	I would like to watch the Oscars on tv tonight . How about you ?	Yes , I ‘ d love to . it ’ s interesting to see who is considered the best in their field and which film are thought to be particularly good .	I like watching it for the fashion . I like to see what the ladies are wearing . Of course , the men nearly always just wear the traditional tuxedo .	Sometimes the men wear flamboyant colours . Which films do you think will win awards this year ?	I ‘ m really not sure . Usually just one or two films look set to sweep the awards ceremony , but this year there are several contenders .	You ’ re right . This year should be much more exciting than usual . What ’ s you favourite award category ?	You might think this strange , but I like the category for best foreign language film .	It ’ s overnice to see extraneous nomenclature celluloid producing a niggling wallop on Hollywood . I wish the best thespian and actress .
para-0175	The restaurant across the street hired a new Chinese chef , so I ordered some Chinese food there for this evening .	Good . I love Chinese food . What did you order ?	Something hot and spicy . They look very inviting on the menu . You are going to love them .	mayhap we can chance a space to determine some Formosan cookery . I try there 's a station in Chinatown where you can take some trends . Are you concerned ?
para-0176	Hide me , Yi-jun ! The kids all think I'm the real Easter bunny !	Aw , that's sweet ! I knew your costume would be a success .	It 's a achiever all right-hand . The minors keep judging to arrest me .
para-0177	In foreign trade , exporters have to adjust their product in a timely manner .	How to adjust ?	Exporters must ensure that their product satisfies customers ' needs , wants and likes .	Ah , some products are successful at home , but not be popular overseas .	That's because the fashion , taste and social customs and so on vary considerably .	Yes , sometimes the differences are great .	Well , we should be in accordance with national conditions and adjust the product .	We have to ascertain that the ware should be attractive to warrant sales .
para-0178	Good day ! Welcome to Lincoln Bank , how may we assist you ?	Hello . I need to find out if a Receipt of Proceeds has arrived . I'm from Felix Wasserman Associates .	Thanks . Have you got the L / C number ?	It's NX567822100007 .	advert on a ticking and I 'll checker for you . I 'm regretful ; we have no book of that getting .
para-0179	Should we ask Jason to play ? He's always watching movies on HBO .	I guess we should invite him . I just hope he doesn't start talking about Sylvester Stallone and Arnold Schwarzenegger again .	Ohio , descend on ! The plot is sounder with three multitudes . Anyway , if we do n't require him to encounter , he 'll be delirious .
para-0180	What seems to the trouble Mr Brown ?	I ’ m in pretty bad shape , Doctor Ford .	Oh , In what way .	No appetite , always unaged and I can ’ t sleep well .	Did you lose any weight ?	YES . I ’ Ve lost quite a few pounds since last month .	when was the last time you have track up ?	About two month ago .	Let me take your blood pressure . You look anilic . Well , Mr.Brown . I ’ m happy to say it ’ s nothing serious . You just a little run down from overwork .	What am I suppose to do ?	I reckon you ’ ll involves just holiday . stress to get out doorways more . I ’ ll be indisputable if you get more relaxation .
para-0181	The restaurant across the street hired a new Chinese chef , so I ordered some Chinese food there for this evening .	Good . I love Chinese food . What did you order ?	Something hot and spicy . They look very inviting on the menu . You are going to love them .	maybe we can chance a station to memorize some Taiwanese cookery . I learn there 's a station in Chinatown where you can take some rows . Are you concerned ?
para-0182	Look , here is a very special business card from an illustrator . Every time I go through my book of business cards , I will notice it . It is an eye-catching one .	Wow , fantastic . I like the font and color for his name . It is creative yet personal .	yes , it is a sheer blueprint . people will trust he can make an example as an telling as a byplay add-in . It just brooks out from those apparent and stock aces used by governance masseses or other bad secret and public constitutions .
para-0183	Say , what's your favorite sport ?	Mmmm ... it's hard to say . I like golf a lot-but I guess I like tennis better .	Do you play much tennis ?	Yes , quite a bit . How about a game sometime ?	dark . I 'm purely a spectator - football , baseball , hoops , golf ... I view them all .
para-0184	Would you check the engine , please ? It is knocking .	Sure . Do you want to have the car washed ?	Yes , please . When can you get it done ?	You can nibble it up in one-half an hr . By the direction , how are you moving to devote , Cash or acknowledgment ?
para-0185	how are you doing today	fine . are you from one of my law classes ?	how are you doing today	fine . are you from one of my law classes ?	no i am not . where do you go to school	by singing to me , you lawfully accept not to slip my information for trials . o.k. ?
para-0186	hello . how are you this evening ?	great ! how are you ?	hello . how are you this evening ?	great ! how are you ?	i am alright , long day of pediatrics . , reading , and running ! all things i love .	oh wow , i just got my degree as a registered nurse !	that is really awe-inspiring ! my wife is a nursemaid , and my two nestlings desire to be docs !
para-0187	hey there how are you	hey . i am fine and what about you ?	hey there how are you	hey . i am fine and what about you ?	slightly stressed out , had a very very long weel	what does weel means ? i never heard of this	sorry , typo error on my part , week . what do you do for work ?	oh it is ok . i do not work yet do you ?	i work at mcdonalds unfortunately	how old are you ?	i am nineteen , what about you	i am 24 . did you finish high school ?	yes , last year . thinking of starting college	you should start college you will have a better job	so people say , but degrees do not mean jobs magically appear	this is genuine . now daytime is laborious to obtain a chore even you have degree
para-0188	how are you this evening ?	yo ! i am great . eating sushi . what are you up to ?	how are you this evening ?	yo ! i am great . eating sushi . what are you up to ?	oh , sore . i had surgery last week . i have 2 dogs that are big wanting attention .	what was the surgery ? i would be bummed since i run every day .	my knee . yes , i play frisbee and it sucks .	how long are you off the knee ? i like working out , so i hope soon .	well , off the knee for 3 more weeks at least .	well , not too long . you can listen to rap and work the arms .	yes . that any my sardine breakfast i have every day .	no sards for me . i corrode vegan . but salad oeuvres .
para-0189	hi there how are you dong	great . just got finished eating sushi . . my favorite . you ?	hi there how are you dong	great . just got finished eating sushi . . my favorite . you ?	yum ! i am a vet so i just got home . sick cat tonight	aww . listening to knap now , my pet genre .
para-0190	super excited that deer hunting season is almost here . do you have hobbies ?	i have been doing taekwondo since i was a kid , but enjoy softball now	super excited that deer hunting season is almost here . do you have hobbies ?	i have been doing taekwondo since i was a kid , but enjoy softball now	you are very athletic , but i bet that kung fu would not beat my guns	i am not a violent person really . i am in the choir at church !	i attend church sunday faithfully . are you calling me violent ?	i would not fight you , instead i would have you over for italian food	as long as i can bring my family . they live right up the road	you can bring the family . do they like to sing ?	yes . we can also babble about the 2d ammendment and how you should not venerate guns
para-0191	hello how are you today	i am doing well . i just wish the weather was better	hello how are you today	i am doing well . i just wish the weather was better	i hope you feel better . what do you do for a living	i am a professional stripper , what you do ?	i am an exotic veterinarian but i play guitar in a band on the weekends	oh wow , i love animals too . i like animals more than i do people	i do too i really like reptiles . where are you from	baby , i am from houston , texas . but i am in chicago right now	i grew up in los angeles but moved to miami	yo , i hear its real hot in miami , they got it going on	it is but i go to the beach a lot .	that is real cool . i am so tired , i do not feel like hitting this stage	do you like to read or play video games	i love reading especially on watt pad	i jazz Words in the play genre and fiddle rpg videogames
para-0192	hi i am a bit shy but it is nice to meet you	i met alot of shy people when i studied abroad it is ok	hi i am a bit shy but it is nice to meet you	i met alot of shy people when i studied abroad it is ok	where did you study ? my mother studied abroad for her degree	i studied in norway , but i gave it up to chase my dream of making model cars	have you actualized your dream ? i am on the pro circuit of making model spaceships	i had to stop because i just became a father . . . . to 9 puppies by my dog ginger	my mother is a doctor can she adopt one for her experiments ?	maybe . it would cost 1000 trying to recreate the titanic	very costly yes . my mother may be able to genetically reengineer your boys	can she remake jack . i have seen it 10 times	is piteous squat the shrimp of the bedding ? unconvincing but peradventure . .
para-0193	hi . how is your day going ?	great , just got home from work . how are you ?	hi . how is your day going ?	great , just got home from work . how are you ?	not bad . the teens at the shelter were great today . what is your profession ?	i work at a help desk . so you work with homeless teens ?	yep . i am a mentor of sorts . thinking of cooking . you had supper ?	i did , i eat dinner while watching the news . what are you cooking ?	italian food . chicken alfredo . sigh .	is that not your favorite food ?	yep . what is your favorite food ?	i like to eat chinese and italian	i met my husband at taekwondo class . he is chinese .	oh how fun ! do you have children or pets ?	no . not yet . do you have family or pets ?	no , no pets or husband . i work a lot	yea . life-time is full sometimes . i expend my excess metre scorching .
para-0194	hello . i work as a batista . how about you ?	what is that ? like to shop i do which is why i am here lol	hello . i work as a batista . how about you ?	what is that ? like to shop i do which is why i am here lol	yes i do . i also savour wagering guitar . where is your class from ?
para-0195	hey , how are you doing tonight ?	i am well just got in from playing with the dolphins . how are you ?	hey , how are you doing tonight ?	i am well just got in from playing with the dolphins . how are you ?	the football team or the animal ?	animal . my home is under water . where do you live ?	what do you live in a sea lab or a sub ? i live in my dad	the sea is my home . the aquatic creatures are my friends .	that is so wild . i like the beach , but i never imagined . are you merkin ?	sure you could call it that . do have any hobbies ?	wow . yeah i like horses	how old are you ? i spend all day at school ! i would rather be playing .	i am 29 . i actually live in my dads car dealership	do you sell cars too	yeah , he thinks i have a house , but i have been living at work	why ? are you broke ? i like having dinner at home every day !	yea i spoiled all my Cash , i am speculated to host blessing too
para-0196	hey there . how is it going ?	not bad . currently writing my third novel . all about romance .	hey there . how is it going ?	not bad . currently writing my third novel . all about romance .	how long have you been writing for ?	over xx ages . existing far aside on an island assists me cumulate views .
para-0197	hi there . how are you tonight ?	good . is english your native tongue ? it is mine .	hi there . how are you tonight ?	good . is english your native tongue ? it is mine .	yes it is . what do you do for study ? i am utilised at a inquiry adroitness .
para-0198	hi ! how are you ? do you like poker ? it is my favorite card game	i used to like it , but my job does not get me enough money .	hi ! how are you ? do you like poker ? it is my favorite card game	i used to like it , but my job does not get me enough money .	oh ? what is your job ? i am studying to be a teacher in college	i work at a fast food place , but want to go to college sometime .	that is awesome ! good luck who is your favorite singer ? i love ed sheeran .	i am more into ponderous stone . matches my animation as i knew with my aunty raising up .
para-0199	good evening , i am taking a study break , how are you tonight ?	i am well . i just got home from hairdresser school .	good evening , i am taking a study break , how are you tonight ?	i am well . i just got home from hairdresser school .	that is awesome , it is really tough being a two year law student .	try having to cook for two sons after school ! ha ha	i bet that can be challenging , it sounds like success is important to both of us .	yes it is . what do you usually eat for breakfast ?	how long is your program ? i like cream of wheat maple syrup . what about you ?	it is 2 years . i love to eat granola for breakfast , every day .	that is great , i am done two years i have a couple more to go .	that is smashing . i have been writing up for some vintage LS ribbons recently .
para-0200	good evening , i have a nice glass of scotch here , it has been a long day .	usually after a long day , i prefer a nice glass of wine .	beneficial eve , i have a overnice spyglass of Scotch here , it has been a tenacious Day .
para-0201	hello how are you ? i mistakenly ate some mango today , it bothered my allergy	i am doing very well , thank you . i am sorry to hear that .	hullo how are you ? i erroneously corroded some mango today , it chafed my allergy
para-0202	did you have loving parents as a child ?	sadly no . that is why i have a crappy job at as an animal cage cleaner	did you have loving parents as a child ?	sadly no . that is why i have a crappy job at as an animal cage cleaner	same as me . have you considered a job that does something different ?	i love art and want to be a famous artist .	i am not a fan of art , but i am considering getting a college degree .	well it is either that or join the circus as an act with webbed toes	that would be better than to work at a fast food place .	really . why do you think that ?	that is just how my family raised me . you disagree , i am sure .	yea emphatically . your fellowship busted you to be pessimistic ?
para-0203	hi , how are you ? studying for a test tomorrow .	hey ! me too , and i just got back from the arctic . studying what ?	hi , how are you ? studying for a test tomorrow .	hey ! me too , and i just got back from the arctic . studying what ?	have a test in childhood education tomorrow . wow about the arctic .	cool . i study international law . met my girlfriend abroad .	no boyfriend here , but playing tennis with a new guy tomorrow .	yeah ? active , huh . me too . i am flying out again after my exam .	yes , active . love sports and dancing to rap music .	my dog is better at dancing than i am !	i love dogs , but do not have one . i hang with several friends who do .	the great thing about them is , you can travel with them .	how much extra does it cost if they fly with you ?	not all that much . a buddy of mine shares his plane with me .	perfumed ! peradventure someday , after college , i could instruct to fell .
para-0204	hi , how are you ?	i am doing good . listening to some john denver .	hi , how are you ?	i am doing good . listening to some john denver .	awesome ! i am a huge music fan . taylor swift is my absolute favorite singer	oh . what do you like to do ?	what do you like to do in your spare time ?	i love horses . i grew up on a ranch .	that must have been great .	it was . i also like to garden and cook .	how fun ! i attend a cooking class here in the city .	what is your favorite thing to cook ?	the grocery store i work at sells amazing fresh veggies .	i use a lot of the veggies i grow to cook with .	i like to cook up a nice stir fry	i examine to corrode salubrious . i operate out a bunch .
para-0205	hello , do you like tupac ?	i love tupac . he is great to listen to while weightlifting .	hello , do you like tupac ?	i love tupac . he is great to listen to while weightlifting .	i listen to him while playing tennis and running .	that sounds bold . you remind me of theodore roosevelt . who do you look up to ?	indiana jones . i want to be just like him .	i used to act out his movies at home with my sister .	my friends and i do that as well . it is so fun .	we should get together and dissemble . we could affect to deliver lapins for my blog .
para-0206	hey , i am here with my dogs , timbo and bananas	i love dogs ! we have a lot of them on my horse ranch .	hey , i am here with my dogs , timbo and bananas	i love dogs ! we have a lot of them on my horse ranch .	that is awesome ! what do you do with your horses ?	i train horses for a living . what do you do ?	i play frisbee competitively and it is so much fun	that is nifty ! i practise every daytime to bide level-headed and corrode from my garden
para-0207	hello . how are you today ?	feeling a little scared because i heard a dog barking outside . you ?	hello . how are you today ?	feeling a little scared because i heard a dog barking outside . you ?	i am wonderful . i just had a huge slice of cake to feed my cravings .	i am having a glass of scotch on the rocks while watching the dark knight	coolio ! i could utilize some of that . i am failing g to the golf-club tonight .
para-0208	i am always trying to reserve for other but how are you	just got off work mcdonalds is not cutting it i might go back to school	i am always trying to reserve for other but how are you	just got off work mcdonalds is not cutting it i might go back to school	i mean to say that introvert is my personality my cats serve them love me	i cant stop thinking of my real parents they aban	your parents that do they live in a faraway island just like me	i do not know since they abandoned me	hey i m actually into writing specially romance novel	nice maybe il study writing does it pay any good ?	it s really good i suggested for you	what are your plans for the rest of the week ?	i will just continue on writing	will you ever make your novel into a movie ?	if it will be a hit and then i will	overnice i bid i interpret more i unremarkably just ascertain the movie
para-0209	hello , how is your day going	hi . my day is good . i am hanging out with both of my sons .	hello , how is your day going	hi . my day is good . i am hanging out with both of my sons .	cool , sounds like fun . just as much fun as cross stitch and quilts	i love those crafts ! right now i am into my aquarium filled with exotic fish .	i am what you would call a baby boomer , explains the quilting passion	you might like my collection of decorations . they are 50s vintage !	sure , it would bring back old memories . especially when my dad served in the military	that is awesome . what do you eat for breakfast ? mine is granola every day .	burgoo rooter over here . my parents were immigrants , they proved me on oat everyday .
para-0210	hi how are you ? i feel woozy . someone must have spiked my iced tea	sorry to hear that . i feel great just finished working out .	hi how are you ? i feel woozy . someone must have spiked my iced tea	sorry to hear that . i feel great just finished working out .	i would rather do computer coding than work out . maybe i should change	i exercise daily and ride my horses . do you ride ?	no . i like country music festivals , and strumming country songs on my guitar	i am into horses , not much on computers , i grew up on a ranch .	i plan to spend my early twenties on a ranch .	cool , i like music by john denver , we ranchers like the country stuff .	true . maybe i will build a website for country music fans . kind of like spotify	computer novice here , but i garden ? i use my garden vegetables in my cooking .	i have always wanted to do that . it seems to becoming a trend	you sound very smart . i am a simple country girl who likes gardening and horses .	i like the simple life too . iced tea and country music , and i am in heaven	i care to acquire constituent and determine meals for my kinsfolk . do you manipulate ?
para-0211	i just got back from a bike ride with my grandchildren .	that sounds lovely ! have you ever taken them to the zoo ? i love zoos !	i just got back from a bike ride with my grandchildren .	that sounds lovely ! have you ever taken them to the zoo ? i love zoos !	zoos are awesome ! i adopted my cat from the zoo	what kind of cat ? i do not have any pets .	you have to promise not to tell , having tigers is illegal	no need to worry , i am a nurse not a cop !	that is so cool . i am a nurses aide at the old folks home	how nice . sometimes i donate teddy bears to old folks homes i have a large collection	that is a nice thing to do . my grandchildren like teddy bears too	i have extras i can give them ! not the green ones that is my favorite color !	thank you ! i will have six happy grandkids ! can fido have one too ?	absolutely ! the collection is pretty large . what is your favorite color ?	i reckon jaundiced ? i care them all . greenish is a voguish color
para-0212	meow meow . my cats say hello .	awww , my cat sammy says hi too	meow meow . my cats say hello .	awww , my cat sammy says hi too	lol . i compose novels , principally romanticism . my CATS always make an appearing .
para-0213	hello , how are you doing today	i am doing well . i just took a break from writing my new novel .	hello , how are you doing today	i am doing well . i just took a break from writing my new novel .	what is your novel about ? i am a recent college graduate	it is actually a romance novel , but it has sci fi elements .	that sounds interesting , i would like to read it some day .	it should be out by the end of the year . do you have any pets ?	i do ! my beloved cat arizona . do you ?	i have some cats as well . two of them . they keep me company since i am isolated .	why are you isolated ? do you have siblings ? my brother was just married	i live on an island near greece . so i am introverted , but by location not personality .	i see , that goes bewitching . i once took a life who s source was from greece
para-0214	hi , i was a geology teacher awhile ago , please tell me something interesting about you	hey there what you up too	hi , i was a geology teacher awhile ago , please tell me something interesting about you	hey there what you up too	nothing much , i just caught done stopping gumshoe exploring , frosting sportfishing and stuff
para-0215	hello . how are you today ? just running dogs here .	i am good , are they your dogs ?	hello . how are you today ? just running dogs here .	i am good , are they your dogs ?	no . i have an obedience school . haha . got to pay fr the new house .	oh i see . are you good with dogs then ?	yeah . i am good with all animals . so tell me something about you .	i enjoy being in the outdoors , especially if i get to break out my tent .	i love nature . rather be dancing at a club .	i am not a effective terpsichorean but i bonk hearing to tawdry music
para-0216	did you know that working at whole foods means you can ride a horse to work ? !	not really , i am studying at the university up state learning biology .	did you know that working at whole foods means you can ride a horse to work ? !	not really , i am reading at the university up Dos studying biota .
para-0217	hi , merna jean here , single and i love buying clothes . you ?	i am a middle schooler who absolutely loves pink floyd !	hi , merna jean here , single and i love buying clothes . you ?	i am a middle schooler who absolutely loves pink floyd !	get out ! me too ! i am an rn who loves rock .	that is sick ! i want to act when i am an adult	great ! why wait though ? you think being an rn is sick ?	sick as in cool ! i am too shy to start now . i just came out as trans	hmmm . i see . i just bid i can my first Rn caper . honest hazard .
para-0218	hey there . how are you ?	wonderful . just finished work . how are you ?	hey there . how are you ?	wonderful . just finished work . how are you ?	doing good ! what do you do for work ?	right now i am modeling . it is why i moved to this city . what do you do ?	that sounds exciting ! i work mentoring troubled teens .	that is why i do not ever want kids . where are you from ?	i do not have any of my own either . i am in north carolina . you ?	new york . a great place to be single ! married yourself ?	never been married . i am originally from new york actually	came here to be a singer . why did you leave ?	most of my family moved down here and i eventually followed them . singing is awesome !	it is fun . but modeling pays more ! you have hobbies ?	yes , i fiddle softball and commit taekwondo . what are some of yours ?
para-0219	hello how are you today	not too bad , eating a ribeye at the moment	hello how are you today	not too bad , eating a ribeye at the moment	sounds good , i love steak	i love it almost as much as the sound system i have in my truck	yeah its great i go to the gym 3 times a week	i prefer hiking and camping , cardio at the gym is so boring	i have a lot of free time being single and living alone	you should get into healthcare like my mom , lots of nice ladies	i work in labor at the hospital .	what ? ! how are you single , you should eat more meat lad .	busy schedule its hard to find the time . i also enjoy my freedom	cannot blame you there . i know the feeling every time i take a camping trip	i fuddle oodleses of weewee and opted it over everything . some see that weird
para-0220	hi , i love shrimp but cannot touch the shells and a handyman who fix cars .	hello i just became a father . it my first child i am so excited .	hi , i love shrimp but cannot touch the shells and a handyman who fix cars .	hello i just became a father . it my first child i am so excited .	congratulations ! the 1978 buick lesabre was a classic . you hunt ? i do .	i use to . i went to school overseas for year .	wow ! overseas ? i am a property manager . your going to be a good father . you sing ?	i do not sign but i love collecting model cars	that is great ! i hunt quail with my ex , doug . you need an apartment ?	no apartment . i have a do named ginger she is a golden retriever	oh okay . you have shellfish allergies ? i do .	no allergies . my favourite flick is titanic , i caught it ten multiplications .
para-0221	hi there how are you doing tonight ?	pretty good . just studying , you ?	hi there how are you doing tonight ?	pretty good . just studying , you ?	i am just babysitting here following football . Tho require to be bet frisbee
para-0222	hello , how are you tonight ? i just got off work .	cool , doing well . where do you work ?	hello , how are you tonight ? i just got off work .	cool , doing well . where do you work ?	i am a maternity nurse , it is awesome . you ?	just sitting here watching lord of the rings for the 5th time this month	i have never seen it , nor read the books .	what shift do you work in maternity ? could be some great fantasy come out that department !	i work swing shifts . it is a great job .	books better than movies but a superb job here . how long are your shifts ?	i work 12 hour shifts . it is hard , but rewarding .	anything crazy happen there today ? baby ork or anything ?	i do not know , i was off today .	just got off work a day ago ? or are we in a time loop ?	i work weird shifts , and have only had four days off in a month .	crazy ! nurses are like elves bringing in new life into the world to fight evil	i care to clothe the babies in superhero onesies .
para-0223	hello how are you ? do you have hobbies ?	great ! hello , i cook but i am not a chef . you have pets ?	hello how are you ? do you have hobbies ?	great ! hello , i cook but i am not a chef . you have pets ?	one dog but my new child takes up loads of my time .	awww . i am a screen write and read plays . you workout ?	more of a homebody . i make model cars when i have free time not much !	oh okay . i run and take long walks for exercises . are you dieting ?	i do love the movie titanic did you write that ? nope am not .	no but i wish i did . i own a dieting business that is why i asked . you sing ?	a little , in the shower . love that titanic song too .	get out ! me too ! goodwill and Kelly are my CATS . what s your fave railcar ?
para-0224	hi ! nice to chat with you . what kind of hobbies do you have ?	hi ! i like to collect teddy bears and volunteer for red cross . you ?	hi ! nice to chat with you . what kind of hobbies do you have ?	hi ! i like to collect teddy bears and volunteer for red cross . you ?	i like to call myself a bodybuilder , but its a body in progress ! ha !	that is nice . what do you do for a living ?	twist . kinsfolk occupation . my momma is really our repository ! any sibs ?
para-0225	hi there , how are you ?	i am well . how are you	hi there , how are you ?	i am well . how are you	i am good . what do you like to do for fun ?	i sing in a popular band here in town . you ?	i work for a technology company .	interesting . you must be smart	i have a degree in computer science .	well one of my three sisters does too and she is super smart	i care construction manakin starships in my detached metre .
para-0226	hello . i work as a batista . how about you ?	what is that ? like to shop i do which is why i am here lol	hello . i work as a batista . how about you ?	what is that ? like to shop i do which is why i am here lol	yes i do . i also love betting guitar . where is your folk from ?
para-0227	hello , how are you today ?	i am doing very well , trying to figure out which barbeque restaurant to have dinner .	hello , how are you today ?	i am doing very well , trying to figure out which barbeque restaurant to have dinner .	oh that sounds great ! i have some muffins baking in the oven as a treat for myself .	that sounds lovely . a lady i play racquetball with makes some great muffins .	big into racquetball ? i think the only exercise i get lately is walking my dog pedro .	i am . i am an admin assistant , and have to stay active all i can .	sounds cushy , i run around a lot since i am in the healthcare field .	it is nerve-wracking . i heed to 1950ses euphony to loose and persist tranquil .
para-0228	hi . just chilling to john denver after my work out . how about you ?	hi , just studying for my college exam . hows it going	hi . just chilling to john denver after my work out . how about you ?	hi , just studying for my college exam . hows it going	good . what are you taking in college ?	what kind of music do you like to listen to ?	john denver . how about you ?	i love playing sports so i am studying in the field of sports medicine .	interesting . work out each day myself . what sports do you like ?	what do you do on the weekends ?	spend time with my horses . you ?	what kind of horse do you have ? i hike .	a variety . my favorite is my arabian . i grew up on a ranch .	i am 22 how old are you ?	45 . but i do not look it . all the working out is working for me .	i grew up with morgans . i love horses .	beautiful cavalry . i garden and falsify with invigorated vegs . do you have hobbyhorses ?
para-0229	hey do you like classical music ? i love bach	bach is quite lovely . i enjoy listening to it with my friends here in the sea !	hey do you like classical music ? i love bach	bach is quite lovely . i enjoy listening to it with my friends here in the sea !	are you a mermaid ? i did not know they spoke english like me	why yes , we do speak english mostly . are there mermaids where you live ?	no , but i am trying to design a device to find them . i happen to be an engineer	i am just a student but i have heard some talk of engineers in our books	wow ! hey quick question do they have insects in the sea ?	we have alot of gross worms in the sea and pests that should be considered insects	i detest Insecta . if you had Bacon i would move submerged aright away
para-0230	hi , how is it going ?	very well , thank you . i am getting ready to make dinner . how are you ?	hi , how is it going ?	very well , thank you . i am getting ready to make dinner . how are you ?	pretty good , just finished up working for the day , looking forward to dinner	what do you do ? i work with horses on my parents ranch .	that sounds like a lot of work , carpentry is my craft . that and super dad of 3	i do not have any children , i am a newly wed .	my wife is awe-inspiring , facilitated me renounce wassailing 5 elds ago already
para-0231	hi , i am an rn and my dog is pedro .	hi i blog about rabbit rescues and compete as a body builder .	hi , i am an rn and my dog is pedro .	hi i blog about rabbit rescues and compete as a body builder .	you have any pets ? i can make , cook and eat muffins all day . you sing ?	no cooking i live with my little sister , also i do not sing but love tim mcgraw .	wow ! i stand five feet , single and sell stuff online .	that is awful i bribe many things online , mostly of my perfection theodore FDR .
para-0232	hello ! are you listening to music this morning ? i love country	no but i am eating eggplant parmigiana !	hello ! are you listening to music this morning ? i love country	no but i am eating eggplant parmigiana !	you like italian food ? i have to get iced tea anytime i go to a restaurant	i love it the best ! even my dog charlie loves it !	i had a dog named charlie when i was 10 . that was 10 years ago	cool do you have any brothers or sisters ? i have both .	yes they are younger and still live at home	do you live with your parents as well ?	no since i got my first job coding and designing websites i moved out	i am in the stocks myself .	interesting . can you listen to music at work ? like country ?	no i wish , got to keep my head clear for trades .	Ohio yes that realizes signified . i am beaming i can mind to state while i work
para-0233	hey there how are you now ?	great spending time with my dog charlie he is a hoot	hey there how are you now ?	great spending time with my dog charlie he is a hoot	got any kids ? i do 2 sons .	no kids just brothers and sisters	i am in school to learn how to do hair	groovy i am the pedigree grocery cautiously since becoming a broth broker
para-0234	how are you doing today ?	good and you ? i just got home from canada .	how are you doing today ?	good and you ? i just got home from canada .	what were you in canada for ?	my family lives there . i love the cheese soup .	i have never been . it is so far from oklahoma	i am in hawaii right now ! i am on the way to a massage appointment !	oh that must be really nice . it is beautiful there	gorgeous ! ! ! i love it here !	what do you do for work ?	i am an artist and i also do some coding such as web design .	that is impressive . i am a lawyer	what kind of lawyer ? what is your favorite kind of music ?	i work in litigation for criminal law suits . i love rock . what about you ?	i wish it all . i bonk land . i can care to whistle .
para-0235	hey there how are you today ?	i am doing good . so tell me where you are from ?	hey there how are you today ?	i am doing good . so tell me where you are from ?	i am from new york . i am in college soon .	i love new york . i stay in texas . what are your hobbies ?	my hobbies are fashion an clothes !	fashion is cool . i am an avid gamer playing second life .	awesome ! what is second life ? never heard of it	it is an online game where i portray a furry .	really ? cool , what kind of car do you drive ?	i do not drive since i work at home and online so much .	cool , i have a cute slug bug lol	lol i never heard of that . is it an actual bug ?	lol no , a volkswagen beetle .	lol Ohio approve . i never learned it shouted that before .
para-0236	hi there how are you	hello , i am great . just came back from running . how are you ?	hi there how are you	hello , i am great . just came back from running . how are you ?	i am good . just reading some of my fantasy books .	that sounds nice . i work at taco bell , are you employed ?	i am a tarot card reader . and medium .	sweet ! i throw down the cards in cleveland , where are you ?	chicago . not the best spot for readers .	i know what you mean . i get tired of the romantic questions .	same ! is there nothing else people want to ask about ? ? ! ! !	if there is , they are going to other readers .	true story . finally someone that understands it . haha .	lol . very well . same with all of the love spells .	yes ! does it ever end ? ! i love what i do though in any case .	how did you know you were a medium ?	i did not honestly . i realized the things i heard were spirits , and went with it	i have imaginativenesses , primarily in dreamings . it is strong at meters .
para-0237	hello . do you like animals ?	i love all cute things ! babies are on the top of my list now	hello . do you like animals ?	i love all cute things ! babies are on the top of my list now	i love babies too ! right now i have 2 dogs . no cats . i hate them .	right ? ! i have actually been knitting hats for babies in hospitals for last few years	that is so cool ! i am only in middle school but i could do that .	i am a few years older , whats your favorite music ? mine is country !	i like rock and pop . i want to be an actor after high school .	that would be awesome , i want to be a chef since i love cooking	i bonk consuming ! you can be my chef when i get robust and illustrious .
para-0238	hello , how are you tonight ?	great . how are you doing	hello , how are you tonight ?	great . how are you doing	doing good , just getting my girls down for the night .	how many do you have	three girls , do you have children ?	a boy and a girl . 12 and 9 . angelic monsters lol	one of each that is good . the girls can be a hand full .	who you telling . haha . my girl is a hundred times more stressful .	my mom was a teacher and i am not sure how she did it .	kudos to her . i am exhausted half way through the day .	yes , me to ! i was born later so she has lots of patients .	well good for her . do you like barbecue . i am a pro at it	i do like barbecue , it is one of my favorite .	how about scary movies ? those are my favorite	not a veridical devotee of scarey films , but jazz the season !
para-0239	hi there , i am studying to be a marine biologist at the university . student here .	what is your hobby ? mine is cooking .	hi there , i am studying to be a marine biologist at the university . student here .	what is your hobby ? mine is cooking .	i just analyse . i do not wassail or company . i am bookish and digest on my study .
para-0240	i have a question for you . . . do you believe in magic ? ?	hmm like harry potter magic or like card tricks	i have a question for you . . . do you believe in magic ? ?	hmm like harry potter magic or like card tricks	like mermaids . because i am one .	oh wow i did not think those were real . learn something new everyday	true ! what do you do for fun ?	i paint portraits , animals , and landscapes . what do you do for fun	the usual exploring with my friends sea creatures and swimming around .	that sounds like fun . where do you live ? i live in new york city	new york seems nice . i live underwater in the mediterranean sea	wow it must be beautiful there . what kind of friends do you have	Pisces mostly . i bonk expending metre with my fellowship and then flowing out with Friends .
para-0241	hi i work as a arctic explorer i used to be a geology teacher	hi i am retired i use to be a banker	hi i work as a arctic explorer i used to be a geology teacher	hi i am retired i use to be a banker	cool its fun to ice fish have you ever done that ?	no where i live it never gets cold enough for it	bummer for trusted i bonk to obtain mislaid gelid things
para-0242	hello , how are you ? i am so bored !	hi . you should try building models . it is what i do to pass time	hello , how are you ? i am so bored !	hi . you should try building models . it is what i do to pass time	my girls do not like models . what else do you do to pass time ?	i play video games . i like games like destiny . traveling space . fighting aliens	my ex husband used to play video games . he left me with my three girls .	i am sorry . my mother raised me too . she was a doctor . put me thru school .	thanks . your mom sounds great ! mine was a teacher and my dad was a firefighter .	my mother showed me how to build model spaceships . it is what got me interested in computers	wow , you seem really into technology and computers . i am not good with computers .	i got to shoal for a figurer skill level . i dig into my oeuvre by myself .
para-0243	hey there how are you ?	pretty great ! i am just eating a steak and potatoes	hey there how are you ?	pretty great ! i am just eating a steak and potatoes	i love superheros especially the dark movie kind .	they are really good . what is your favorite ?	really ? i enjoy me a good hard drink , scotch is my choice .	yummy . i drank a ton last week when i was at my friends wedding	whoa , i hope you were not sloppy drunk lol	just a little bit but i am sure he will forgive me haha	oh man lol , i like to write do you ?	i am more of a graphic design artist actually . what do you write ?	i like to write small short stories .	that is great . you should write one about my favorite band rush	give me info an i will examine it . i just do not sell with frankfurters nope nope
para-0244	hey there w are you ?	pretty good . my three daughters and i just saw heart in concert .	hey there w are you ?	pretty good . my three daughters and i just saw heart in concert .	i despise cats , so devilish .	that is funny . mine just caught a mole today , it was yucky .	i can not stand my dad ugh	Ohio , my , you seem ilk you are suffering a sorry daytime . involve a clinch ?
para-0245	hello ! i am so happy it is finally fall !	i am too , it really is my favorite season !	hello ! i am so happy it is finally fall !	i am too , it really is my favorite season !	mine too ! the weather is so perfect for ultimate frisbee .	it is also the best season for fashions , my future goals include being a designer !	my future goal is to find a girlfriend for timothy , my turtle .	aww so sweet-smelling ! i have put kinships on clasp , but someday i see tikes in my animation .
para-0246	hi . i hale from wisconsin . where are you from ?	i am from upstate newyork how is wisconsin ?	hi . i hale from wisconsin . where are you from ?	i am from upstate newyork how is wisconsin ?	cold and snowy , at least in a few months . i love it .	i like the snow what is your favorite snow activity that you like to do ?	skiing . that and curling with my two brothers .	i never judged skiing peradventure one daylight . how one-time are your cronies ?
para-0247	hello how are you doing ?	swimmingly . how are you ?	hello how are you doing ?	swimmingly . how are you ?	great thanks . i like to go hunting for polar bears	polar bears ? are those like , mythical creatures who cannot swim and live above ?	haha i hunt them to eat	oh no ! do you hunt mer people also ? ?	a few years ago i was a geology teacher hence i am fascinated by ice .	geology ? is that rocks or something ? i hide behind those sometimes .	my ex boyfriend taught me how to ice fish . you hide behind rocks ? that is nice	oh no . please tell me where he fishes so i can stay away ! !	do not be afraid . polar bears is good for eating	my babe let gotten in a sportfishing mesh once !
para-0248	hi how are you today	not bad just got done playing second life	hi how are you today	not bad just got done playing second life	very good do you have any cats ?	yes , i a also a furry	that is no good i am allergic	oh , i understand . i have some allergies too	do you wake up early ?	not really , i stay up late online	did you go to public school ?	not anymore because i am 28	oh i was homeschooled it was odd	i wager , in TX there are a Lot of abode educated people
para-0249	hello . hold on , my dogs are begging for attention . how are you ?	hello , well , and you ? i love dogs ! cats i am allergic to .	hello . hold on , my dogs are begging for attention . how are you ?	howdy , well , and you ? i fuck heels ! CTS i am supersensitive to .
para-0250	hey , are you a student , i traveled a lot , i even studied abroad	no , i work full time at a nursing home . i am a nurses aide .	hey , are you a student , i traveled a lot , i even studied abroad	no , i work full time at a nursing home . i am a nurses aide .	nice , i just got a advertising job myself . do you like your job ?	gracious . yes i do . wishing for citizenry is the delight of my life-time .
para-0251	hi there , just got home from my job at mcdonalds and ready to chat .	i just got home from the synagogue . do you go to church ?	hi there , just got home from my job at mcdonalds and ready to chat .	i just got home from the synagogue . do you go to church ?	no church for me . i plan to job search for something better , any suggestions ?	you might like working in a paper comapny like they do on the office .	i would care college but no money , no helper from my parents , i was undesirable .
para-0252	hello , how are you this evening ?	i am a doing great getting ready to enjoy reading a mystery .	hello , how are you this evening ?	i am a doing great getting ready to enjoy reading a mystery .	you like the arts , huh ? i am a musician . i focus on bluegrass .	bluegrass wow , that is pretty cool . what instrument ?	i sing , but for my profession i am a skater .	i drive trucks across the u . s . for a living .	ah , fun ! i used to work at hollister . that was back in high school , though .	cool , i love traveling although it can be lonely sometimes	sad to discover that . i am consuming decently now . gratefully there are no crisp !
para-0253	hey how s it going ? i love exercising	good . i love to party when i am not on the road performing gigs .	hey how s it going ? i love exercising	good . i love to party when i am not on the road performing gigs .	do you have some sisters ? i wish i had siblings	yes , i grew up with 3 sisters of my own . you are the only child .	yeah , but i have my pets to keep me company	how was your childhood ? i traveled with my dad in his semi .	it was okay , both my parents were fitness nuts	are you in schooltime ? i never let the probability to terminate gamy shoal .
para-0254	i am just sitting here making a dress . how are you ?	i am fine , just left the hospital	i am just sitting here making a dress . how are you ?	i am fine , just left the hospital	is everything okay with your health ?	oh yes . . . i work there as a nurse	my mom was a nurse in the army	cool . . . what do you do for a living	i betray wear that i make . i also cope a programme for environmental care
para-0255	hello . how are you today ? just running dogs here .	i am good , are they your dogs ?	hello . how are you today ? just running dogs here .	i am good , are they your dogs ?	no . i have an obeisance schooltime . haha . made to bear francium the novel household .
para-0256	hello ! what do you do for a living ?	i am in school studying law	hello ! what do you do for a living ?	i am in school studying law	really ? so am i ! i want to be a lawyer .	i am the only child of lawyer parents . hopefully i will be successful .	where do you be while in shoal ? i inhabit with my girl and heel , goop .
para-0257	hey how are you today	i am good . just finished eating some pizza .	hey how are you today	i am good . just finished eating some pizza .	i want to eat a pizza now .	come to my moms restaurant ! she makes great pizza .	i cant i work . i am a managerial consultant	oh . i work in my moms restaurant .	that is cool . what kind of music do you like	i listen to about anything , you ?	my fav band is metallica	oh . what do you like to do for fun ?	i like to play in the snow	Ohio ! i do not wish cold-blooded . i wish scanning .
para-0258	hi , i sell shoes online , a meat eater and love the rush band . and you ?	my favorite music is rap , tupac is my favorite	hullo , i betray shoes online , a essence feeder and bonk the haste ring . and you ?
para-0259	hello , i am someone who currently works in sales .	what do you sell ? i would like to be an actor	hello , i am someone who currently works in sales .	what do you sell ? i would like to be an actor	i just work with sales , but my real love is graphic design .	that is neat , what do you design	last week , i designed certain decorations for my friends wedding	that sounds neat ! do you have a favorite band	yea , my favorite band is rush . what is yours ?	pink floyd ! they rock . i am only 14 years old	that is cool . when i was 14 , i would eat everything . i still do .	ha ha . do you have any dogs ?	no , no dogs . do you have any ?	yes i have a ton , i know them . i can not brook qats though !
para-0260	hi . do you have a favorite music group ? mine is heart .	sorry ! i am sort of shy .	hi . do you have a favorite music group ? mine is heart .	sorry ! i am sort of shy .	that is okay . heart really helped me through my divorce .	oh . i am sorry ! i had not heard of heart .	well , they remind me of my dad . he was a firefighter .	ah . i do not really listen music . i prefer to build models of spaceships .	that is so cool ! i could never do that . my mom read me stories about them .	my mom was a doctor and really encouraged my love of science .	my mom was a teacher .	Ohio that is awe-inspiring . my favored instructor promoted me to follow estimator skill .
para-0261	whats up ? hows it going	pretty good , just finished a long shift in labor and delivery . where do you work ?	whats up ? hows it going	pretty good , just finished a long shift in labor and delivery . where do you work ?	so i am in school to be a hairdresser ?	that sounds nice ! do you have any children ?	no but i have fish which i consider to be my kids .	that is nice ! i have a dog , only child i want to have haha	do you have any hobbies	i go to the gym often . how about you ?	the healthiest that i get is eating granola	i have tried granola is beneficial with Milk . but the only matter i wassail is water
para-0262	hi , my name is mindi . i am a tae kwan do champion	wow impressive ! are you single ? looking for my next wife	hi , my name is mindi . i am a tae kwan do champion	wow impressive ! are you single ? looking for my next wife	if you want to wait 12 years . . . look me up then . i just turned 12	oh dear , that is not good . well how are you today	i am reckoning frontward to the funfair falling to township so i can twit the rollercoaster
para-0263	good morning . hows your day going ?	slow . school today , my lst year thank god .	good morning . hows your day going ?	slow . school today , my lst year thank god .	high school or college ? i am eating sardines , my life is so exciting .	high school . i am going to med school after i finish . auburn u	that sounds nice , did not finish myself , spend my days with my dogs and cleaning theaters .	well i am only 17 , would rather do something with fashion though	why not do that instead ? why med school ?	cause my pops wants it . one of those things .	well it is a good career , better than my jaunt into competitive frisbee .	lol ! try racing a beetle , that was something dad said no to right away	yeah i can imagine . those are dangerous . just waite till your on your own .	i do not want that day to come . i want to hold onto my youth !	i do not blame you , i would rather go back to being a kid myself .	oh i miss the days of crayons being my hardest decision already	yea await as long as you can for the grownup plot .
para-0264	hi ! i am headed to work at the hospital this morning . you ?	just relaxing . i work retail , so not as exciting as the hospital .	hi ! i am headed to work at the hospital this morning . you ?	just relaxing . i work retail , so not as exciting as the hospital .	i have been a nurse at this hospital for 35 years so not too exciting	i bet you have some crazy stories though .	the worst was when i treated a lady dressed like a cat . cats repulse me	i am not a cat lover either . i would rather deal with dogs .	my pappa has 5 weenies and i do not bask him so cads inconvenience me too
para-0265	hello . how are you doing this evening ?	i am doing well thanks i am an attorney and working on cases	hello . how are you doing this evening ?	i am doing well thanks i am an attorney and working on cases	that is cool ! my job is in labor and delivery .	what a fun job . i live in ok and am a native american	nice . do you have kids ? i do not want any . i enjoy being single and alone .	i have 3 dis do you go to church i do no	no . i am too busy at the gym . i go several days each week .	i go climbing but am scared of heights	that is weird . what is your favorite drink ? water is the only thing i will drink .	i like ice tea . do you like sports ?	i do like sports . my favorite is football .	i care college the effectivest what is your best-loved nutrient ?
para-0266	hi there how are you today ?	i am good , and how are you ?	hi there how are you today ?	i am good , and how are you ?	i am good just relaxing i am currently in south korea serving	i thank you for serving !	thank you where are you from i am from puerto rico	i am just packing to move to nyc !	wow that is awesome where from	i am originally from california though !	o ok well i hope you like it . i could never move there	how come ? i am moving to nyc for modeling !	i tend to be violent person with large crowds	also , i enjoy karaoke , but i am not very good at it !	i like it too with a few shots in me	i do not like crowes either . i like to stay to myself	yeah most citizenry my eld need to be at streaks and what not
para-0267	hello how are you doing	hello i am doing okay how are you	hello how are you doing	hello i am doing okay how are you	very good thank you tell me about you ?	i just turned 20 and am stationed in south korea .	what do you guys get to do in your spare time . i play frisbee	i target practice but the others read books and write home . i cant write home	what is that . no one to write too or another reason ?	i am from puerto rico so its hard for me to get letters to them	i see , well that can suck good thing you have internet right	yeah it is a great thing . what do you do for a living	i am unemployed justly now seeming for workplace in clientele merchandising .
para-0268	hi there , i am jordan and a vet	hi jordan . that is my brothers name . he just got married	hi there , i am jordan and a vet	hi jordan . that is my brothers name . he just got married	that is nice where are you from	i was born in arizona so that is what i named my cat . you ?	i am from california but i moved to florida a year ago	do you like it ?	yeah everything but the snakes	i like to play the game snakes and ladders but nothing else about snakes is good	i like snakes , i have one just not venomous ones	i read a biography once about a snake charmer . interesting	well what do you do for fun	i play monopoly or risk or any board game really	i play video games a lot	i never really got into them but i like reading too . do you read ?	yes ! i enjoy play ledgers and repulsion ones
para-0269	hey i am brianna hows it going	hi i am fine let us get to know each other some .	hey i am brianna hows it going	hi i am fine let us get to know each other some .	okay well i work in healthcare what about you	brianna is a beautiful name i work as a nurses aid with older people .	thank you , i know that is not a easy job to deal with	no it is not i also am employed in some fast food joints .	you do it all lol	i like to keep busy i love animals and sometimes i do not they bite .	me to i have a chihuahua mix named pedro	i bet he is so cute i live in apartment building that has low rent .	that is the worst part lol he is gets away with a lot of stuff because he is cute	my quat is spoilt he pricks me a fortune he has two colouration .
para-0270	hi there . how are you	i am good . just got back from a run .	hi there . how are you	i am good . just got back from a run .	fathoms fun . i just stopped my favored show one Tree hill
para-0271	hi i am a bit shy but it is nice to meet you	i met alot of shy people when i studied abroad it is ok	hi i am a bit shy but it is nice to meet you	i met alot of shy people when i studied abroad it is ok	where did you study ? my mother studied abroad for her degree	i analysed in Norge , but i paid it up to tail my dreaming of creating example cars
para-0272	hello there ! tell me about yourself ?	i for sure read an speak english	hello there ! tell me about yourself ?	i for sure read an speak english	that is helpful . i do as well and just graduated college .	i love pork , especially bacon .	bacon is good . i do not eat much meat though . do you have pets ?	really did not know lol , like bugs ? they are nasty .	microbes are fine but i favour Arizona , my qat .
para-0273	hello there new friend how are you this fine evening	i am doing great . just taking a break from working on my car .	hello there new friend how are you this fine evening	i am doing great . just taking a break from working on my car .	i just got done working with my horses , it is what i love doing .	that is great . i like to hunt in my spare time .	what kind of music do you like ?	i am not a great medicine lover . i opt the muteness . you ?
para-0274	hi how are you ? what do you do for work ?	i do not work . i am a full time student trying to get a degree in education	hi how are you ? what do you do for work ?	i do not work . i am a full time student trying to get a degree in education	that is awesome . i have a nursing degree and work in a pediatric hospital	what do you do for fun ? i live to hike and play rugby	i love finding flowers in my favorite color which is purple .	i actually was just running through a field of orchids whilst listening to lil weeze	as a heartfelt Catholic i bang running through Fieldses that the Godhead has produced .
para-0275	hey i am jordan and i am a veterinarian . how are you doing today ?	i am joe and a pro skater	hey i am jordan and i am a veterinarian . how are you doing today ?	i am joe and a pro skater	oh nice . where are you from ? i am from cali but i am now in florida	i live in fl also . i used to work for hollister back in school	do you enjoy listening and playing music ? i am a musician , only on weekends	i love music and especially bluegrass which i can play good	i am pretty good with the guitar . and when i am not so busy i read drama books	i had a tail when i was born but had it cut off	what kind of tail did you get removed ?	i had super long hair . do you like sports ?	yeah , i like olympics if they count	that does i love the olympics especially the summer ones	oh yes . i like the track and gymnastics .	cool do you like to watch movies ?	yea , who does not learn flicks ? i late witnessed it . it was good
para-0276	hi there ! how are you today ?	i am very good thank you , tell me about yourself ?	hi there ! how are you today ?	i am very good thank you , tell me about yourself ?	i just completed my rn . what do you do ?	thank coolheaded , i am parkland commando i boost in nature for my job
para-0277	hello , i love fashion and hope to be a doctor one day . you ?	hello , i am an accountant from ohio . i have two boys and i am single .	hello , i love fashion and hope to be a doctor one day . you ?	hello , i am an accountant from ohio . i have two boys and i am single .	student , male , divorced , ex named doug . i own a beetle .	oh a beetle how cool . i have a boring honda civic . what are your hobbies ?	wow ! i make book covers in my free time . i am published also .	how amazing ! i love to go hiking . what books have you written ?	backer investor and if i can aid someone are my late Bibles . tramp huh ?
para-0278	hello i am a real estate agent in canada where are you ?	hi there i teach biology college	hello i am a real estate agent in canada where are you ?	hi there i teach biology college	i work part time and care for my two children in kindergarten	that i am sure keeps you busy . do you get to travel ?	i only travel for environmentalist events	i see that is a noble cause i love traveling	i wish i had more time for travel but work has kept me busy last 12 years	i know how that is i like walking you	since i turned 34 , i prefer to walk	lol i do a lot of gardening love fresh fruits and veggies	my 2 kinds are really into growing things	that is awesome . hard work but rewarding	planting trees is rewarding for me	aw yes another good one to grow	i would favour to be a Tree planter than veridical demesne agent
para-0279	i grew up with lots of family members in the military .	that is cool so did my husband . . i am a hippy and make my clothes	i matured up with oodleses of kinsfolk members in the military .
para-0280	hi how are you ? i feel woozy . someone must have spiked my iced tea	sorry to hear that . i feel great just finished working out .	hi how are you ? i feel woozy . someone must have spiked my iced tea	sorry to hear that . i feel great just finished working out .	i would rather do computer coding than work out . maybe i should change	i exercise daily and ride my horses . do you ride ?	no . i care commonwealth medicine fetes , and thrumming state birdsongs on my guitar
para-0281	hey how are you today	hi ! i am doing well how are you ?	hey how are you today	hi ! i am doing well how are you ?	i am doing great ! just brought my newborn son home .	congratulations ! have you had to take time off work ?	yeah he is our first child so i took off to help adjust with him and our puppy	that is great that you have a job that you can do that !	yeah i really love my boss . what is your favorite movie ?	i bonk civic warfare flicks . my pursuit is amassing polite warfare old-timers .
para-0282	hi i am 14 years old how old are you	i am a 40 year old man .	hi i am 14 years old how old are you	i am a 40 year old man .	i can not wait to see your age i am still a young man in middle school	you should enjoy being young . what do you want to do when you finish school ?	i want to be an big time movie actor what career are you in	i do maintenance and repair on homes . do you plan on attending college ?	yes i want to attend a broadway school pink floyd encouraged that	that is a great option to further your acting career . what do you enjoy doing for fun ?	i like to also play the piano what interest you	i enjoy finding old cars and making them new again . what is your favorite food ?	that is hard work i bet . i like japanese and you	i like to eat animals that i have killed myself . deer mostly , sometimes duck .	i will return on the cunning petty deer but duck i can take
para-0283	i think i pulled a muscle on a hike . ever done that ?	yes , i have . on a hike for my homeschool biology class , to a waterfall .	i think i pulled a muscle on a hike . ever done that ?	yes , i have . on a hike for my homeschool biology class , to a waterfall .	that sounds amazing , do you hike a lot ?	when i can , i live in northern cali .	no way , i follow some rappers in cali ! do you like rap ?	i do , tupac is my favorite artist . i am building a robot that looks like him .	a robot ? are you an engineer ?	no , lol . only a stripling miss with blueish fuzz who knows cosplay .
para-0284	hi ! do you enjoy walking ? i am going out for a walk in my garden	i do enjoy walking ! i love to put my headphones on and walk around .	howdy ! do you savour walking ? i am becoming out for a walkway in my garden
para-0285	hi , i live in wine country , wrote a book at home , 17 with blue hair . you ?	i am a divorced mom with two kids and my job is an accountant .	hello , i am in vino area , penned a ledger at domicile , xvii with spicy pilus . you ?
para-0286	hello how are you ? do you have hobbies ?	great ! hello , i cook but i am not a chef . you have pets ?	hello how are you ? do you have hobbies ?	great ! hello , i cook but i am not a chef . you have pets ?	one dog but my new child takes up loads of my time .	awww . i am a screen write and read plays . you workout ?	more of a homebody . i make model cars when i have free time not much !	Ohio fine . i move and take foresightful walkings for practices . are you dieting ?
para-0287	hi there how are you today ?	i am super swell , got home from a good day at work	hi there how are you today ?	i am exceedingly peachy , let home from a just Day at work
para-0288	hello ! are you listening to music this morning ? i love country	no but i am eating eggplant parmigiana !	hello ! are you listening to music this morning ? i love country	no but i am eating eggplant parmigiana !	you like italian food ? i have to get iced tea anytime i go to a restaurant	i bed it the effectivest ! even my hotdog charlie humps it !
para-0289	hi ! i am watching morning news with my beloved husband . you ?	i am getting ready for work . i am a nurse .	hi ! i am watching morning news with my beloved husband . you ?	i am getting ready for work . i am a nurse .	what a great profession . you would probably tell me to work out more !	ha ha . i try not to preach . do you collect anything ? i collect bears .	i collect my favorite movies . bears are cute !	yes . i go to the zoo all the time to watch the bears .	sounds fun but i prefer to stay at home and watch tv with the hubby	it is nice to have someone to share activities with .	my husband is such a sweetheart . everyone loves him , especially me	how sweet . have you ever seen a green bear ?	no i have not . have you ?	no . it is my favorite color so i am on the hunt for one !	haha beneficial hazard ! mayhap i can obtain a flick about a unripe bear
para-0290	hello , how are you today	hi . i am so tired from work . how are you ?	hello , how are you today	hi . i am so tired from work . how are you ?	tired as well , kids get me busy in my kindergarten class	are you a teacher ? my youngest is in kindergarten .	yes i am a teacher , i just started 2 years ago after finishing college	that is nice . i would go back to school but my husband works nights .	i can scarcely give banknotes on instructor remuneration .
para-0291	good morning . hows your day going ?	slow . school today , my lst year thank god .	good morning . hows your day going ?	slow . school today , my lst year thank god .	high school or college ? i am eating sardines , my life is so exciting .	high school . i am going to med school after i finish . auburn u	that sounds nice , did not finish myself , spend my days with my dogs and cleaning theaters .	well i am only 17 , would rather do something with fashion though	why not do that instead ? why med school ?	cause my pops wants it . one of those things .	well it is a good career , better than my jaunt into competitive frisbee .	lol ! test hieing a mallet , that was something pappa articulated no to aright away
para-0292	hi ! i just got back from a run . what are you doing ?	hello , i am just playing some online poker .	hi ! i just got back from a run . what are you doing ?	hello , i am just playing some online poker .	i can not open to hazard . i operate at a quick nutrient eatery .
para-0293	after the wedding , i graduated from college . amazing experience .	which one was amazing ? i just graduated too .	after the wedding , i graduated from college . amazing experience .	which one was amazing ? i just graduated too .	i have a CAT nominated AZ , who is alike the wife of my chum .
para-0294	hi , how are you , how is doing	how are you doing i am fine thank you .	hi , how are you , how is doing	how are you doing i am fine thank you .	i am ok , what your hobbies	i love doing make up hair and i am a great cook .	you like sing , i like sing very much	i used to be employed in a nursing unit . yes singing i sing great .	i am a model from new york	i wished i could model i like to go bike riding .	fine thanks nice talking to you	you to a model is a great job i like to take care of folks .	are you married i am a single	i am not married yet i have a daughter and three grands .	what is your daughter doing	my daughter lives with her boyfriend . i have animals a dog and cat .	nice , i like also animals	yes they are very just boosters and well for low .
para-0295	hello . what do you love to do ?	i love to hunt an i have 3 guns , you ?	hello . what do you love to do ?	i love to hunt an i have 3 guns , you ?	yeah i am in the army .	cool , do you drive any big trucks ? i have a ford pick up	yes . the Army trucks are bragging here in Dixie Korea .
para-0296	i have the world record for the most tattoos	that is awesome ! i am retiring in five years .	i have the world record for the most tattoos	that is awesome ! i am retiring in five years .	you should get a tattoo to celebrate ! !	i have them , my favorite is of a barbecue pit .	oh i like that . my favorite is the one in my right nostril .	i play racquetball , maybe i should get one of that .	that would look awesome on your shoulder ! my roommate in chicago has one there .	i have an oldies jukebox on my back !	i fiddle my tattoo guitar on my stomach . wholly thumps the aura guitar .
para-0297	hello , how is your day going ?	my day is going fine , and yours ?	hello , how is your day going ?	my day is going fine , and yours ?	its been okay although a little sore from working out	i am tired , as well . i had a long day in court	wow , what type of law do you practice ?	i am a prosecutor . had a big animal neglect case today . i hate to see animals mistreated	i love animals . i managed a blog on rabbit rescues once	nice . it is the belief of my people that animals are sacred	i compete in bodybuilding in my spare time .	sounds like a lot of physical work . i spend time with my 2 dogs for fun	yes it is i moved in with my little sister because she lives near my preferred gym .	very convenient . i live on a reservation in oklahoma	fine , by booking you think Indian correct ? if so , our kinfolks distinguished by folks ?
para-0298	hi ! do you enjoy walking ? i am going out for a walk in my garden	i do enjoy walking ! i love to put my headphones on and walk around .	hullo ! do you savour walking ? i am becoming out for a walking in my garden
para-0299	hello , do you want to go for a walk with me and my fur babies	hi , what are fur babies ?	hello , do you want to go for a walk with me and my fur babies	hi , what are fur babies ?	they are just pets . my cats and dogs .	that is cool . i wish i could but my family takes up most of my time .	oh . i have a lot of grandbabies	i am married with kids , you ?	just my grandbabies . i wish i had a husband i could care for .	yea , i am prosperous to have a groovy hubby , he has his own patronage .
para-0300	hello and how are you ?	i am good , how are you ?	hello and how are you ?	i am good , how are you ?	tired from too many parties .	i used to party a lot but i have been sober for 5 years .	oh , we had a graduation party from college for me .	congratulations ! what is your degree in ?	math . also had a wedding reception for my brother .	that is great . do you come from a big family ?	no , just two of us . i read a lot to keep busy , you ?	i enjoy poker , but my three kids keep me pretty busy .	salamander , you can habituate maths there . matter posters ?
para-0301	hi , tracy here . divorce , two kids , ex named doug .	hi , its good you are part of your kids lives i did not know my mother .	hi , tracy here . divorce , two kids , ex named doug .	howdy , its commodity you are part of your tikes endures i did not acknowledge my mother .
para-0302	hey there how are you today ?	i am good . you ? what do you do for a living ?	hey there how are you today ?	i am good . you ? what do you do for a living ?	i am in the stock market industry	i used to by a geology teacher . now , i go arctic exploring . ice is interesting .	how about yourself ? i miss my old folks .	i am in hunting for befuddled adventurers . i desire to facilitate them to go home .
para-0303	hello . how are you doing ?	i was good until i just cut my finger wide open and had to stop the bleeding	hello . how are you doing ?	i was good until i just cut my finger wide open and had to stop the bleeding	i am sorry ! i saw lots of blood in the army . i went in after high school .	i am glad my mom is a medical doctor . i can just ask her what to do .	that is a great asset . my mom has never been in my life .	i had a alternative , go in the Army or get a reckoner skill point .
para-0304	hi , i was a geology teacher awhile ago , please tell me something interesting about you	hey there what you up too	hi , i was a geology teacher awhile ago , please tell me something interesting about you	hey there what you up too	nothing much , i just got done finishing arctic exploring , ice fishing and stuff	cool , my mom had a hard job as a army nurse	is she still working there ?	no thank god , i kind of got a cat it was a stray	is that your passions cat ? i like to find long lost arctic explorers	no it is not mine is clothes an singing folk music	well whatever keeps your psyche alive , i was a geology instructor and it was boring
para-0305	how are you this evening ?	yo ! i am great . eating sushi . what are you up to ?	how are you this evening ?	yo ! i am great . eating sushi . what are you up to ?	oh , sore . i had surgery last week . i have 2 dogs that are big wanting attention .	what was the surgery ? i would be bummed since i run every day .	my knee . yes , i play frisbee and it sucks .	how long are you off the knee ? i like working out , so i hope soon .	well , off the knee for 3 more weeks at least .	well , not too long . you can listen to rap and work the arms .	yes . that any my sardine breakfast i have every day .	no sardines for me . i eat vegan . but salad works .	i like salads as well .	and beans . but my favorite is sushi . vegan sushi .	i threw out of high-pitched shoal but i recognised enuf to corrode my beans !
para-0306	hi how are you today	hi . i am good . i am from new york city . where do you live ?	hi how are you today	hi . i am good . i am from new york city . where do you live ?	i live with my parents . do you work ?	yeah . modeling . keeps me single . i travel too much . how about you ?	i am a nurse which also keeps me single too	that is an important job . stressful though . what do you do in your spare time ?	i ride my bike around mostly	healthy hobby . i practice acting , hoping to some day get my big break .	sounds like fun do you have siblings ?	no , i am a bit of a loaner . do you have siblings ?	i do not but i have 3 adult kids	its great to have family . i want to find love , but no kids for me .	i do enjoy caring for people	yeah . i sing for people sometimes .	very nice that sounds angelic	i trust so . arising up i ascertained oodleses of shirley tabernacle films .
para-0307	hey , nice to meet you . what are you hobbies ?	hello , how are you today ? i fight for environmental rights .	hey , nice to meet you . what are you hobbies ?	hello , how are you today ? i fight for environmental rights .	oh cool . i am well . i grew up on a horse ranch . still there .	that sounds neat . i actually work selling homes . so you ranch ?	yes . i love taking care of my horses .	my kids would love to see your horses .	well you are welcome to visit .	thank you . are you considering college ?	oh i already went . this place makes me exercise every day .	i bet it does ! working in real estate is not much exercise .	arming is handful but i do get to prepare with material from my backyard .
para-0308	he ; ; o . how are you this day	dogs really scares me , i live in an apartment that i rent	he ; ; o . how are you this day	dogs really scares me , i live in an apartment that i rent	they mess with my allergies . plus i have a military disability .	i am doing good and you ? i am a woman at age 32	i am a motherless lonesome fella . i am 46	sorry to heard that , i am single just to let you know	straight out of school to regular army i have been a bar hopper .	you kinda old , do you like to read books ? i read romance novels	i am kind of blind late so no	you still care the Army ? i bonk watching pictures and you ?
para-0309	hey there . how is it going ?	not bad . currently writing my third novel . all about romance .	hey there . how is it going ?	not bad . currently writing my third novel . all about romance .	how long have you been writing for ?	over 20 years . living far away on an island helps me gather thoughts .	i did not graduate from high school , so writing novels seems like a great achievement !	well , i keep to myself alot . not very social . wish i was more outgoing .	my two dogs are my best friends . do you have any pets ?	one click and two CATS . groovy familiars . any tykes ?
para-0310	hi there how are you ?	i am good . how are you doing ?	hi there how are you ?	i am good . how are you doing ?	been pretty busy planning my move to new york next year	vocalises sentence consuming . i just made home from employment at the foodstuff store
para-0311	hello , how are you this evening ?	i m good i m playing for my next travel and adventure	hello , how are you this evening ?	i m good i m playing for my next travel and adventure	that sounds fun . i enjoy playing board games and reading biographies .	arctic and i m going to use that for my lessons in school as a teacher	i just finished school . i graduated from college .	so i switched to being interested in iceland geology teacher	oh , cool . do you have any pets ? my cat is named arizona .	nope but i do like polar beers i hunt them as food	that is awful ! i realized a photograph of one at the nuptials of my Brother lately .
para-0312	hi there . how are you ?	i am great . what are you doing up so late ?	hi there . how are you ?	i am great . what are you doing up so late ?	i don not know . i should be asleep . i am more of an early bird . you ?	i am definitely a night owl . you know chatting will nott help you sleep .	i know i have been working on s quilt and i do not wanna put it down	i know how that is . i love to craft but being colorblind makes it hard	oh really that sucks . what do you usually like to do then ?	i love to sing . sometimes i go sing karaoke .	oh fun . i have not done karaoke in a long time lol	you should , it is great fun !	i do not have much meter . i homeschool my Logos so all my vim leads into that .
para-0313	hello . how are you today ?	i am good . how about yourself ?	hello . how are you today ?	i am good . how about yourself ?	slow . reading a book at the moment , romance of the paranormal persuasion	sounds interesting . i like reading but do not do it enough .	i work at my mas restaurant part of the time , i have too much time .	there is never enough meter ! i am ascertaining television and watching up on one-time shows .
para-0314	hello ! can you believe that i am going to college next year ?	that is awesome ! where are you planning to go ?	hello ! can you believe that i am going to college next year ?	that is awesome ! where are you planning to go ?	auburn . i thought i would study fashion but i think will become a doctor .	fun stuff . . . i went to school to be a vet but i clean kennels now	sounds like you love animals ! i hope my volkswagen beetle does not break down .	that would suck ! whats your favorite car music ? mine is simple plan	i never heard of them . i am pretty young , 17 , but i love classical music .	interesting , i have been trying to date my boss niece who is the same age	is she in gamy schooltime ? i am a elder at pine timberland .
para-0315	hello , do you like tupac ?	i love tupac . he is great to listen to while weightlifting .	hello , do you like tupac ?	i love tupac . he is great to listen to while weightlifting .	i listen to him while playing tennis and running .	that sounds bold . you remind me of theodore roosevelt . who do you look up to ?	indiana jones . i want to be just like him .	i used to act out his movies at home with my sister .	my friends and i do that as well . it is so fun .	we should get together and act . we could pretend to rescue rabbits for my blog .	i have a blog as well , a photography one .	maybe i have seen it . my sister helps me distinguish red from green .	oh , you are color blind . my cousin is as well .	oh , coincidence ! it is weird looking at a picture of tim mcgraw differently than others .	who is tim mcgraw ? is he a writer ?	he is a commonwealth Singer , but i reckon he would save a groovy blog .
para-0316	hi , what do you do ?	i just graduated . working at a fast food joint now .	hi , what do you do ?	i just graduated . working at a fast food joint now .	nice , do you like music ? whenever i am not working i listen to music	what kind of music ? i just work to help my aunt and uncle out .	mostly rap , i like a lot of art	do you draw ? where do you live ?	i live in rochester boston , where mark walk berg is from	do you work anywhere ? i am thinking about going to college soon .	go to college , they loved me there since i was only 5 feet tall	cool . my parents kicked me out because i would not cut my hair and shave .	howler that is not just . i screw paring but i detest assuming sandals
para-0317	hello , how are you tonight ?	i am a thing in fashion and acting . but not sure how i will like ny .	hello , how are you tonight ?	i am a thing in fashion and acting . but not sure how i will like ny .	it is interesting at best . i love to sing , do you ?	moving there next year . love to sing . surf and skate too . you ?	i surf and do not see colors correctly , so that is a challenge .	i spent most my life in california sharks are grey . what parts do you sing ?	anything by lady gaga and madonna .	neat . so do you perform or work in the industry ?	i am retired army , and do not know what to do with myself .	if you can sing , go get on the voice ! or take up surfing .	i do surf , and i am not interested in become a pro singer .	is there surfing around new york ?	i do not know , i do not live there .	do not know why i thought that . where do you surf ?	in FL , Mexico and Cali . i wish to jaunt .
para-0318	janice here . what are you up to tonight ?	they call me big shirley . i love scary movies . you ?	janice here . what are you up to tonight ?	they call me big shirley . i love scary movies . you ?	well , i am more into sports than i am horror flicks .	i see . i workout lifting weights . you ?	i played a lot of sports in high school , but stopped when i started college .	i am a warehouse worker . i cook a great bbq .	i just graduated college and am still looking for a job .	keep your head up ! i work the forklift . what work do you do ?	my fiance is helping me look for a job .	that is good ! people laugh because my name is joe shirley .	ah , i see . they laugh because i want to be a soccer coach .	hmmm . got for it ! is six four two twenty tall and big ?	yes , too big for soccer , which is my favorite sport !	i see . i have a cookbook coming out . you write ?	no , but my fiance does .	hmmm . have him aid you compose a volume about soccer .
para-0319	hi . how are you ? my name is joanna	i am doing well . my name is rachel . yourself ?	hi . how are you ? my name is joanna	i am doing well . my name is rachel . yourself ?	where did you go to college ?	i am still attending at cypress . i binge eat a lot because of this .	i have a degree in psychology from usc , but i am a professional singer	Ohio darn . tha a t is awe-inspiring ! i care i could do that for a aliveness .
para-0320	hey there how are you	hey . i am fine and what about you ?	hey there how are you	hey . i am fine and what about you ?	slightly stressed out , had a very very long weel	what does weel means ? i never heard of this	grim , misprint fault on my part , workweek . what do you do for oeuvre ?
para-0321	hi , what do you do ?	i just graduated . working at a fast food joint now .	hi , what do you do ?	i just graduated . working at a fast food joint now .	squeamish , do you corresponding euphony ? whenever i am not acting i mind to music
para-0322	hi there . how are you ?	fantastic ! this steak really hits the spot ! how are you ?	hi there . how are you ?	fantastic ! this steak really hits the spot ! how are you ?	good . i do not like steak much . i like chicken .	all meat is good meat lol . got to keep that protein up !	honest that . i do tae kwan do , so i corrode skimpy nub . do you meet fun ?
para-0323	hey , do you have any pets	yes i have a hunting dog .	hey , do you have any pets	yes i have a hunting dog .	i have a lot of pets .	oh nice what do you do ?	i mainly just sit and look at mountains ,	ok i can sell you a house on a mountain .	i would like that . for how much ?	calculates if you desire a outside placement with no neighbours or some neighbours .
para-0324	hello how is your family . mine is great	okay ; but not affluent . i work at a factory for low pay despite going to ohio st .	hello how is your family . mine is great	okay ; but not affluent . i work at a factory for low pay despite going to ohio st .	cool . we just went swimming . that is one way we get our workout in .	i am scared of water ! except when i garden to feed my plants .	as a teacher it is refreshing to watch the sea as i meditate . then swim .	interesting . what is your favorite color ?	my favorite color is black . i also like purple . it is my birth stone .	no way ! i love purple ! where did you go to college . i am a proud buckeye .	i went to alabama where my son jeremiah was conceived and i married	was he an accident or are you a man of the good lord ?	i am non spiritual but i am spectral . i trust in level-headed brain and body
para-0325	hey how are you today ?	i am well . how about you ?	hey how are you today ?	i am well . how about you ?	i am a bit sore from doing tae kwan do .	nice ! i just signed up for a jujitsu class ! so far it seems fun .	nice , i am a state champion .	howler ! that is awing ! do you do anything else to assist hold your tae kwan do ?
para-0326	hi how are you ? where do you live ?	doing good . i live in the midwest	hi how are you ? where do you live ?	doing good . i live in the midwest	oh okay . i am good as well . i am reside on edris island	do you have any animals i have a cat i do not like dogs	i am the total opposite i love dogs and ate cats .	i hope you do not eat cats . . . lol	i am a teenage mixed girl lol not asian	i enjoy watching superhero movies of the dark variety	i do have a frank appointed ralph he inhabits with me and my Sister .
para-0327	did you know that working at whole foods means you can ride a horse to work ? !	not really , i am studying at the university up state learning biology .	did you know that working at whole foods means you can ride a horse to work ? !	not really , i am studying at the university up state learning biology .	that is cool . hoping to go to med school ?	marine biology actually , still a student but i do not party .	neither do i . instead i paint in my spare time . often times it is a city landscape	that is nice , i was born and raised in the united states have you painted there ?	yup , i inhabit in the us . a major Occident sea-coast metropolis in fact .
para-0328	hello , do you think british accents are sexy ?	hi how are you doing i am great yes british accents are sexy .	hello , do you think british accents are sexy ?	hi how are you doing i am great yes british accents are sexy .	i am doing wonderful , now that i avoided the mangoes . i am allergic .	oh sorry to hear that i like going out with my friends .	i do too , i collect civil war antiques , mainly china .	that sounds cool . i like to listen to rap music .	i do too , so does my dog . his name is tupac .	great name for the pet i am in love with playing sports and being active .	i run , that is about it . my husband loves sports too	good job running is healthy i am a 50 year old woman .	i am only 23 . i have a lot of life ahead of me . got any tips ?	yes truelove you are vernal so bask every minute of your life-time .
para-0329	christmas is my favorite holiday , almost time to start decorating	hey how are you today ?	christmas is my favorite holiday , almost time to start decorating	hey how are you today ?	great , just eating my favorite cheese pizza . how are you ?	fathoms sound . i would not beware suffering some but i have to home make it .
para-0330	i am drunk on scotch right now , you ?	i cannot afford alcohol . i can barely afford to pay my other bills each month .	i am drunk on scotch right now , you ?	i cannot afford alcohol . i can barely afford to pay my other bills each month .	i use to work at the local carnival , i can understand a tight budget	i work as a kindergarten teacher . i love kids !	kids are over rated , i like cats	i see . did you graduate college ? i just did two years ago .	i did , school for superheros	that is awesome ! where is that ? i live in seattle .	monkey shoulder virginia where they produce superhero movies the evil ones	i have not heard of that town . i share an apartment with 2 roommates .	sounds like you could use some scotch	i could ! i just wish i could afford it .	what are you afraid of ?	i am afraid of not being able to pay my bills .	funfair is always renting , possibly 2d caper ?
para-0331	hey there how are you ?	i am doing great ! just eating dinner .	hey there how are you ?	i am doing great ! just eating dinner .	just got my nails done in my fav color	wow , i bet they look nice .	like sports ? love the buckeyes	i love sports too ! i enjoy camping .	yes they really do front decent , the filles all demand at work
para-0332	hello . how are you doing ?	i am doing just fine . how are you today ?	hello . how are you doing ?	i am doing just fine . how are you today ?	very well , thank you . are you religious ? my religion is jewish .	i am not particularly religious . why do you ask ?	just curious . do you like tv ? my favorite is the office .	i do not watch much tv , but i do enjoy archer .	how about music ? my favorite is jazz .	i delight blueings more because i am from boodle . what do you wish about malarky ?
para-0333	howdy how are you doing tonight i am doing fine .	i am doing fine too .	howdy how are you doing tonight i am doing fine .	i am doing fine too .	that is good i like watching sports on television . do you ?	i do not wish sportswomen . i bonk watching serial .
para-0334	hi , i am pretty shy , tell me about yourself ?	hi well i am good with my hands . i build things like this tiki mask	hi , i am pretty shy , tell me about yourself ?	hi well i am good with my hands . i build things like this tiki mask	i also like to build , i built a model spaceship once	my wife divorced me but the kids like me better because i build things	well do you work ? do you have a degree to sustain yourself ?	i built models when i was a kid . now i sculpt and mold and carve	nice , i specialize in computer science degree so i mostly mold 3d images	customer service . i am looking for a new job . i hate sitting still all day	do you care fiddling television bizes ? i bring illusion telecasting games
para-0335	what music do you like , i enjoy bluegrass .	i prefer pop music . i try to stay up with the trends .	what music do you like , i enjoy bluegrass .	i favour popping euphony . i examine to continue up with the tendencies .
para-0336	i turned 90 on saturday , how old are you ?	i am 22 ! i just had my birthday too , and got my nails done as a celebration !	i turned 90 on saturday , how old are you ?	i am 22 ! i just had my birthday too , and got my nails done as a celebration !	well that is nice . i was in the war many years ago .	did you bait sawhorses in the warfare ? i enjoy knights . which warfare ?
para-0337	hello how are you tonight ?	i am good ! practicing my singing for my career	hello how are you tonight ?	i am good ! practicing my singing for my career	oh cool . i work with wood . carpenter actually	cool ! you could build sets for me when i become an actress	absolutely . singing comes with the party . i quit the drink over 5 years now .	congratulations ! as a single lady i drink more than i should on blind dates	settle . have a family . kids , my wife gave me 3	it is hard to find a man in new york working as a model . no time	i used to play poker every night in new york !	poker is great ! i play a little after i sing at one of the clubs	i still like it . how long have you been in the city ?	about a yr . i moved learn to follow my dreaming of acting
para-0338	good evening , what are you doing tonight ?	hi . how are you ? i just got in from working on my car .	good evening , what are you doing tonight ?	hi . how are you ? i just got in from working on my car .	a real man , just like the ones i read and watch in my romance books and movies	haha . thanks . operating on Hellenic automobiles is my love !
para-0339	hey there how are you ?	pretty great ! i am just eating a steak and potatoes	hey there how are you ?	pretty great ! i am just eating a steak and potatoes	i love superheros especially the dark movie kind .	they are really good . what is your favorite ?	really ? i love me a serious laborious crapulence , Scotch is my selection .
para-0340	hi , want to be my friend ?	hello , sure why not ! how old are you ? i just turned 34	hi , want to be my friend ?	hello , sure why not ! how old are you ? i just turned 34	whoa . i am only 12 . what is it like to be old ?	my 2 kiddos are in kindergarten , they desire to calibrate at Mississippi university alike me
para-0341	hi how are you today ?	i am good . just sitting here jamming to metallica .	hi how are you today ?	i am good . just sitting here jamming to metallica .	very nice are you married ?	no i am not , you ?	i just got engaged so kinda nervous	one of my comrades just caught operated , the other is undivided ilk me .
para-0342	hi ! you read books ? i love reading mysteries .	yes ! i do art so i love all forms of expression	hi ! you read books ? i love reading mysteries .	yes ! i do art so i love all forms of expression	lovely ! my kids love reading too . i have seven of them !	wow that is a handful	haha . i also grew up in a large family on a large farm .	i am scared my kids will get my webbed toes	i hope not ! i am a truck driver . what do you do for a living ?	cleaner at research facility by day , artist by night	nice ! you paint ? blue is my favorite color .	more sculpture , i turn others trash into projects	that is interesting . can you sculpt david ?	i could try , i am only five feet so cannot make anything too tall	haha . get a big stool . you can do it !	i have a big personality for this little body so i do not give up	you know what they say . good things come in little packages !	yes i wish the posture ! you have the esthetic punk personality
para-0343	hey there i am brianna hows it going	hi ! i am kylee . doing well . nothing too exciting tonight	hey there i am brianna hows it going	hi ! i am kylee . doing well . nothing too exciting tonight	that is good and same here sadly	waiting for my next model spaceship to be delivered .	o are those hard to assemble	not too hard , just fun while i am not playing videogames	what video games you play ?	anything really , but mostly warcraft . what are your hobbies ?	i apply to pull a Lot mightily now i sont really have a hobbie
para-0344	good afternoon . sitting here listening to john denver . i adore him .	that sounds fun . i am more of a soft rock guy .	good afternoon . sitting here listening to john denver . i adore him .	that sounds fun . i am more of a soft rock guy .	i grew up with horses on a farm and love them . like animals ?	i love animals . i grew up around horses in north dakota .	nice , i also love to cook with vegetables in my garden .	i love fresh food . i can stuff all the time .	awesome . do you excercise ? i do every day . need to lose weight .	not very much . work keeps me pretty busy .	what do you do ? i am a teacher .	i recently changed jobs , started in advertising last year .	sounds interesting . i would like to own my own horse ranch one day .	that would a fun job . what do you do for fun ?	besides cookery , turning out and euphony i wish to go to the movies .
para-0345	hello , how are you tonight ?	i am a thing in fashion and acting . but not sure how i will like ny .	hello , how are you tonight ?	i am a thing in fashion and acting . but not sure how i will like ny .	it is interesting at best . i love to sing , do you ?	moving there next year . love to sing . surf and skate too . you ?	i surf and do not see colors correctly , so that is a challenge .	i spent most my life in california sharks are grey . what parts do you sing ?	anything by lady gaga and madonna .	neat . so do you perform or work in the industry ?	i am retired army , and do not know what to do with myself .	if you can sing , go get on the voice ! or take up surfing .	i do surf , and i am not interested in become a pro singer .	is there surfing around new york ?	i do not know , i do not live there .	do not know why i thought that . where do you surf ?	in FL , Mexico and Cali . i wish to locomote .
para-0346	hey there how are you today ?	i am great how are you ?	hey there how are you today ?	i am great how are you ?	like bbq ? i love bbq a lot	i do too ! what do you do for a living ? i works as a handyman .	i am really tired but i cannot quit	why so tired ? do you have a hobby ? i hunt and love restoring cars , especially classic .	i am tired from work , forklift does it to me	i sympathise . do you wish seafood ? i do except mollusk , i give out in urticarias .
para-0347	hello , how are you tonight ?	i am a thing in fashion and acting . but not sure how i will like ny .	hello , how are you tonight ?	i am a matter in style and performing . but not certain how i will care NY .
para-0348	hello , how are you today ?	i am doing very well , just came back from walking my dogs .	hello , how are you today ?	i am doing very well , just came back from walking my dogs .	what kind of dogs ? i have a couple cats .	i have retrievers , they are my companions . i am an attorney .	i write for a newspaper . what kind of law do you do ?	civil , mainly for the people of my tribe in oklahoma ,	i live in hawaii . do you like oklahoma ?	not really , but it is where i am needed at the moment .	i do not have many friends .	do you go to church ? i do not , but maybe you could find some there .	yeah , i go about once a month .	i am terrified of heights , i fell out of a tree when i was young .	i got my cat out of a tree once .	i would call the firing section , since they similar guys and weenies .
para-0349	it is a beautiful beach day . how are you ?	sad , struggling to make ends meet from all my bills	it is a beautiful beach day . how are you ?	sad , struggling to make ends meet from all my bills	i am sorry to hear that . i am on a diet so i am hungry	at least you can eat i can not afford to	my dad owns a car dealership so maybe i can get you a better job ?	i would love that , thank you for that	of course . i feel spoiled . i just paid to get my nails done	that is awesome you are so luckily	i did grown up very lucky . i want to help you be lucky now	you are so kind do you work in car sales as well ?	yes , i help my dad out here and there . when will you be able to work ?	i am available right now i have been out of school for two years now	i will set up the interview ! then we can go to the beach	that vocalises care a program beaming i contacted you
para-0350	hey there how are you ?	pretty great ! i am just eating a steak and potatoes	hey there how are you ?	pretty great ! i am just eating a steak and potatoes	i love superheros especially the dark movie kind .	they are really good . what is your favorite ?	really ? i enjoy me a good hard drink , scotch is my choice .	yummy . i drank a ton last week when i was at my friends wedding	whoa , i hope you were not sloppy drunk lol	just a little bit but i am sure he will forgive me haha	oh man lol , i like to write do you ?	i am more of a pictorial blueprint artist really . what do you indite ?
para-0351	hi my name is lauren . i like to gamble and play games . what about you	hi i am david . i love to play poker and run .	hi my name is lauren . i like to gamble and play games . what about you	hi i am david . i love to play poker and run .	i also enjoy poker . i like running but prefer swimming	what do you do for a living ?	i am an animal care tech , what do you do ?	i am just going to college for now .	that is cool , whats your major ? where do you live ?	i live in tennessee and i am majoring in education to become a teacher .	very nice . what grade would you like to teach ? i like in new jersey	i would prefer to teach elementary education .	that is cool , i am sure you will achieve your goal	i hope so . so do you like to listen to music ?	i bang all euphony , but i am not a devotee of nation or malarky though , you ?
para-0352	good morning , how are you today ?	i am fine thank you how is your day going ?	good morning , how are you today ?	i am fine thank you how is your day going ?	very well . just caught my youngster sis to schooltime , now on to the gymnasium .
para-0353	hi ! how are you ? do you have any hobbies ?	hi . yeah , i guess . i love going to the theater for movies .	hi ! how are you ? do you have any hobbies ?	hi . yeah , i guess . i love going to the theater for movies .	that is cool ! do you have a favorite movie ?	yeah , i like love actually , i watch it with my husband .	cool ! i like to watch tv with my cat .	i like tv too , but my husband is always complaining i need to exercise more	that is distressing . i practise every daytime . i walk 1 mil daily .
para-0354	hello , what animals do you have ? i have a couple of horses , 2	just 1 little maltese so easy to deal with over people	hello , what animals do you have ? i have a couple of horses , 2	just 1 little maltese so easy to deal with over people	do you live in a large or small city ? i am in large	i live in a big city i work for the shelter for animals as a cleaner	do you need a painter there because i paint when i have free time	no i do not like music ?	well i certainly do , taylor swift is my favorite	cool , i am normally irritating or irritable	nice , i work with a lot of irritating people at the grocery store	i count an clients , i wish the chief niece smh
para-0355	hello how are you doing	pretty good . how are you ?	hello how are you doing	pretty good . how are you ?	i am making dinner getting ready for bed	i just got off work .	i am looking for something different to do	i am looking for another job myself .	i was adopted by my aunt and uncle	my parents did not want me either .	if i ever hit the lottery i will love to help some of these kids	what kids are you trying to help ?	all the ones that need help in the world there are so many	yeah , it is sad that there are kids who do not have their basic needs met .	now all these natural disasters	what do you reckon the most utile means is to aid miserable masseses ?
para-0356	hi have any hobbies i eat oreos to hide my pain	no hobbies , but i too love oreos , although i am dieting right now .	hi have any hobbies i eat oreos to hide my pain	no hobbies , but i too love oreos , although i am dieting right now .	i eat them cause i am in transition	transition ? what do you do for fun ? i like going to the beach .	i am 14 and skipped puberty cause i am soon a boy	oh ok . what is your favorite animal ?	dogs love me not cats but guess it is cause i am different	i love horses ! i love to get my nails done in my spare time .	listening to pink floyd helps me study bacon	i care pinko floyd too ! i am processing aright now at my Padres motorcar franchise .
para-0357	hey ! . nice to meet you . me and my folks are currently in arkansas . you ?	i am from all over . i just cannot stay still so i move a lot .	hey ! . dainty to gather you . me and my tribes are presently in AR . you ?
para-0358	how is this lovely evening treating you ?	it is awesome . how are you ?	how is this lovely evening treating you ?	it is awesome . how are you ?	doing well , groundwork a lilliputian timeworn after depicting 4 houses in the last 2 minutes !
para-0359	have you ever seen the sun rise in a small town ?	almost every day of my life , i was born , raised and still live in one .	have you ever figured the Sun develop in a lowly townspeople ?
para-0360	hi , how are you today ?	i am well . just finishing up making some barbecue . i love it .	hi , how are you today ?	i am well . just finishing up making some barbecue . i love it .	that sounds nice . so you like to cook ? what else do you do ?	watching horror movies are one of my favorites and i like to lift weights on weekends	awesome ! i love movies but i have not had much time with so much school .	every weekend i lift weight and watch a horror movie or two . need to go shopping .	what are you going shopping for ?	clothes . i am a tall guy and kind of big so shopping is not my favorite	do not like shopping much either . . . . cause i am broke . i will be successful soon though !	may i ask what you are studying ?	law . i only have two years left . maybe next year i can get an internship .	that is awe-inspiring . my boy guessed about analysing jurisprudence .
para-0361	i am waiting on my pizza to get here and i am getting excited . how are you ?	i am excited that my girls finally all went to sleep so i can relax	i am waiting on my pizza to get here and i am getting excited . how are you ?	i am excited that my girls finally all went to sleep so i can relax	i tend to stutter when i get excited so i hope the cute chick is not delivering	maybe just smile and give a good tip if that happens	i never have time to relax . i wish i did but i am always on the go .	were you born in the late was like i was ?	i am not sure what you mean but i cant wait for this pizza , its my favorite	i do not know what i mean either . i know i love heart though	my mom owns a restaurant and i work there but we do not make pizza	you should start since you love it so much .	all 5 of my older sisters and my younger brother work there . its a family thing	oh nice . i wonder if my 3 girls would ever go into business with me	i meant 6 older sisters . they would be offended by me saying 5	haha . do they like heart songs ? heart is the best band	if you unfold a pizza station i am indisputable they will go in byplay with you
para-0362	hello what are some of your interests	well i live in the gym	hello what are some of your interests	well i live in the gym	i live in the animal shelter , i love animals specifically dogs	i love animals too 2 basset hounds	two pit bulls , i am not allowed at the shelter anymore cause i adopt every time	sweet i would be that way too we love pits here too	so many do not like pits makes me sad , my boss niece loves my babies	what is your best-loved eatery ? yes they were shouted nursemaid dogs
para-0363	it is a beautiful beach day . how are you ?	sad , struggling to make ends meet from all my bills	it is a beautiful beach day . how are you ?	sad , struggling to make ends meet from all my bills	i am sorry to hear that . i am on a diet so i am hungry	at least you can eat i can not afford to	my pappa owns a railcar franchise so mayhap i can get you a safer caper ?
para-0364	hi there how are you ?	i am good . how are you doing ?	hi there how are you ?	i am good . how are you doing ?	been pretty busy planning my move to new york next year	sounds time consuming . i just got home from work at the grocery store	my parents owned a grocery store when i was growing up in california	cool ! do you enjoy painting ? i do .	not really . cant sit still long enough . surfing and skating is what i like to do	i also enjoy horseback riding	that sounds more like my kind of thing .	i own two beautiful horses , but cant see them as often as i would like .	that sounds sweet ! ! do you sing ?	i wish ! my voice could shatter glass haha	mine too ! i always desired to be a Singer , but miserable and behold , i ca NT sing
para-0365	hello , how are you tonight ?	doing well , just listening to some bach . yourself ?	hello , how are you tonight ?	doing well , just listening to some bach . yourself ?	waiting for my sister to come home so we can go shopping .	i thought about going out tonight , but the insects are bad , and i hate them .	me too . a man had spider bites when i was interning in the er .	are you a doctor , i work as an engineer in the army .	i am a registered nurse . i am so excited for my first job .	that sounds exciting . do you know any languages , i only know english .	same here . only english . my sister speaks russian .	i would care to instruct Japanese . and chit-chat there someday . anywhere you would care to go ?
para-0366	hello , how are you tonight ? do you know where edris island is ?	i do not . i work in an animal shelter tho . i am the cleaner there .	howdy , how are you tonight ? do you love where edris island is ?
para-0367	hi there ! how are you ?	i am doing well , how about you ?	hi there ! how are you ?	i am doing well , how about you ?	very well , just doing some reading in my spare time	that is coolheaded , i am presently building a Tree home in my scanty time
para-0368	hello . how are you tonight ? long day of advertising .	advertising ? that sounds easy . i am a social worker dealing with at risk youth .	hello . how are you tonight ? long day of advertising .	advertising ? that sounds easy . i am a social worker dealing with at risk youth .	so you do something good . i travel abroad a lot and advertise the underground city night life .	that sounds cool . these kids drive me nuts .	it is an odd job for a jewish north dakota boy to do , but yes cool .	wow ! jewish people live in north dakota ! what else do you do ?	right ? haha . i play bass in a metal band . how about you ? hobbies ?	oh cool ! i sing in a choir ! i also play softball	at least you are active ! what position ? i played outfield in high school	it avails with the oeuvre focus . i wagered 2d foot . do you wish to fix ?
rep-0000	This Olympic park is so big !	Yes . Now we are in the Olympic stadium , the center of this park .	Splendid ! When is it gonna be finished ?	The whole stadium is to be finished this June .	How many seats are there in the stand ?	Oh , there are 5000 seats in total .	I didn ’ t know it would be so big !	It is ! Look there , those are the tracks . And the jumping pit is over there .	Ah ... I see . Hey , look the sign here , No climbing .
rep-0001	How many cleaning ladies does your company hire ?	We have two cleaning ladies . But both of them have received little education .	Most cleaning ladies are illiterate . But some of them do a very nice job .	But I actually dislike another lady . She is more capable and seems to have ideas of her own . But the trouble is she is a backseat driver with some of us . She would tell you what to do and where to put things .
rep-0002	I'm looking for a string of pearls for my wife .	Yes , sir . What price range do you have in mind ?
rep-0003	Good morning . What's the matter with you ?	Good morning , doctor . I have a terrible headache .	All right , young man . Tell me how it got started .	Yesterday I had a runny nose . Now my nose is stuffed up . I have a sore throat . And I ’ m afraid I've got a temperature . I feel terrible .	Don't worry , young man . Lat me give you an examination . First let me take a look at your throat . Open your mouth and say'ah ' .	Ah .	Your throat is inflamed . And your tongue is heavily coated . You have all the symptoms of influenza .	What am I supposed to do then ?	A good rest is all you need , and drink more water . I'll write you a prescription .
rep-0004	Have you seen the new James Bond movie ?	Oh , yes . You ?	Yes . What did you think of it ?	I thought it was better than the others-I really liked it . What did you think of it ?	Yes , I liked it , too . It was exciting , but not over the top . Do you know what I mean ?	Mmm . That's what I thought too . I really liked the car chase , and the opening credit sequence was very exciting . And I always enjoy watching Pierce Brosnan .	Oh , yes . He's brilliant . Did you like the title song ?	Not as much as last time , actually . What's the name of the American actor who was in the supporting role ?
rep-0005	Room service .	Good morning . This is room 113 . I'd like some breakfast, please .	Right . Excuse me . Mrs . Jones?	That's right .	What can I do for you?
rep-0006	May I help you, ma'ma?	Please, where do I catch the plane for New York?	First you must check in at Counter No . 4 .	That one there?	That's right . Then you will follow the signs to Gate 85.
rep-0007	I am so busy today .	Can I help you ?	I ’ m not sure . Perhaps you could do the shopping .
rep-0008	Tom, is Jenny crying?	Can you take he away from me?	I ’ m just coming for that .	She kept bothering me .	She ’ s your sister . What she asked was only duck soup for you . Why can ’ t you be good to her?	But I am her brother, not her servant.
rep-0009	Listen , Karen , I need your help . I don't know anyone here yet .	I'm glad to help you . What's wrong ?	My mother-in-law just went into the hospital in L.A.Hank and I will be flying there tonight .	I'm sorry to hear it . What's wrong with her ?	Doctors aren't sure yet.But the real problem is Suzy . She has a bad cold , and we don't want to take her with us . But we don't know who can stay with her .	You need a babysitter .	Yes , I'd ask Jill , the girl I've had before , but I need someone overnight.Maybe even for two nights .
rep-0010	Good afternoon . Can I help you?
rep-0011	Marketing manage office, can I help you?	Mr Green, please .	Sorry, he's out.
rep-0012	Susan is going to get a divorce .
rep-0013	that was a really good meal, Gordon .	It sure was . I couldn't eat another bite.
rep-0014	Food is less expensive in a cafeteria , because you serve yourself .	How to do it ?	Just pick up a tray , then put a knife , a fork , a spoon and a paper napkin on it and stand in the line .
rep-0015	Have you ever shopped online?	Quite often . It is very convenient, saving me a lot of time .	Do you have some experiences to share with me? I want to have a try .	You are asking the right person . Here are two very important tips . First, you need to visit no more than one site to find the best products and prices . I can recommend you some online merchants . Second, write your mail address correctly . Otherwise, you can ’ t receive your delivery in time .	What about the registration procedure? Is that complicated?	Not at all . You just need to provide your name, address, e-mail address, phone number and bank or credit card information . I will help you with that .	It is so nice of you.
rep-0016	Hello ?	Hi , Mr . Smith . This is Mary . Is Jenny there ?	No , I ’ m afraid not , Mary . May I take a message for her ?
rep-0017	Where are you going ?	I'll accompany my wife to the hospital .
rep-0018	The Phoenix team overpowered its counterpart 86 to 50 .	They're absolutely right to get a replacement for 21 .	If the Phoenix beats the Rocket, it will enter the final.
rep-0019	Hello . Could you have a taxi pick me up before 10:00 a . m .?	What is your address?	I stay at No . 115 Fucking Road .	OK, a taxi will be there by 9:30 .	What are your rates?	It is RIB 10 yuan initially and 2 yuan for each kilometer .	I have a lot of luggage . Will those fit in the taxi?	Take it easy . I'll send a larger to pick you up.
rep-0020	Did you go to the concert last weekend?	No, I didn't . And you? Was it good?	Yes . I did . I enjoyed it a lot.There was a folk singer, a violinist and a pianist.
rep-0021	When can you get the finished product to me ?	We should have it put together by the end of next week .	Great ! That ’ ll be ahead of schedule ! Good work .
rep-0022	Excuse me , Sir , do you know what time it is ?	Oh , it ’ s almost eleven twenty .	Thank you .	You ’ re welcome . The rain is quite heavy , isn ’ t it ?	Yeah . I was in a hurry and I forgot my umbrella today .	I have one . We could share it . Which way are you going ?	Oh , that ’ s very kind of you . I am going to the Garden Hotel .
rep-0023	That way they look longer .	Now what are you doing?	Putting on mascara .	Nasty . You'd better not rub your eyes .	I won't .	And you'd better not cry or you'll have black streaks running down your face.
rep-0024	Is there anything wrong?	I ’ m worried about my daughter . She can ’ t decide about college.
rep-0025	I often recalled the days when Tom and I were madly in love .	Very romantic ?	Yeah . He always tickled my finny bone with his college stories .	You married him for that reason ?
rep-0026	I was just watching a documentary on TV about how people use dogs for various purpose . It was very interesting .	I love dogs . They have been used as guards for centuries . Nowadays , they are often used to find illegal drugs and bombs by the police and customs officers .	The documentary also pointed out that they are used by shepherds to round up sheep and by rescue workers to find people trapped under rubble or snow .	Horses are useful to people too . We use them for sports and recreation .	Don ’ t forget that horses are still used in many countries to pull ploughs and carts .	Can you ride a horse ?	Yes , I can . I don ’ t ride regularly though . How about you ?	I can ride too . Perhaps we could go horse riding together at the weekend ?
rep-0027	Excuse me , may I help you ?	Would you please fill some gas for me ?	Sure . Which kind of gas do you want ?
rep-0028	Good afternoon, how may I help you?	Hi, I'd like to order some flowers .	Who are they for?	They're for my Wife . Her name is Samantha .	What kind of flowers would you like?	I don't know . I don't know too much about flowers . Can you recommend something?
rep-0029	Hello?	Hi, Mr . Smith . This is Mary . Is Jenny there?	No, I ’ m afraid not, Mary . May I take a message for her?
rep-0030	What did you do today ?	Played poker with my work friends .
rep-0031	Good evening . Welcome to Cherry's . Do you have a reservation?
rep-0032	You are an early bird , Tom . What do you do in the morning then ?	Exercise . The morning hours are the most precious period within a single day . We should not pass them up easily . Seize the time and do something useful .	So , you choose to spend it on bodybuilding . Where do you exercise ?	Usually , I run to the Black Bamboo Park as a warm-up . Admission is free . Then I start my activities .	Do you do the same exercises every day ?
rep-0033	What's wrong with you, young man?	Doctor, I have a bad cough and a headache .	Do you have a fever?	I don't know, but I feel terrible .	Let me examine you . Don't worry . It's nothing serious .	Do you think I should lie in bed?	Yes, stay in bed and drink a lot of water . Your fever will be gone in a day or two .	OK . Do you think I can play football tomorrow?
rep-0034	Good morning, may I speak with Professor Clark, please?	You are speaking with Professor Clark .	Professor, I am Kalina from your morning literature class .	Yes, how can I help you?	I ran my car into a tree yesterday and need to miss a few days of school.
rep-0035	Hello ! Tomorrow I'm going to need a wake-up call .	Not a problem . What time shall we call you ?	I always hit the snooze button , so give me two calls , one at 7 and another at 7 fifteen .
rep-0036	Here's the course description guide .	What do I do with it?	Do you want me to help you?	Please .	Look . Here are the core classes . Everyone has to take them.
rep-0037	I should tell you that I'm checking out in about 30 minutes .	I'm ready when you are , sir .	Very good ! Now , it's still morning here in New York .	You are so right , sir . The clock just struck nine .	I'm going to spend some time exploring the city . What can I do with my luggage ?	Sir , right here we have a storage site . Its only $ 5 an hour , but you need to leave a deposit .	A deposit ? Isn't my luggage a deposit ?
rep-0038	I heard that you finished my home inspection , and I was wondering how it went .	First of all , we need to understand what I was looking for . Do you know what the purpose of an inspection is ?	I am not sure what a home inspection is all about .	I went there to check for problems with the home , so you aren ’ t surprised when you move in .	Wouldn ’ t the owners have told me about any problems ?	Sellers aren ’ t always truthful , and there might also be problems that they aren ’ t aware of .	Can I require the owners to fix the problems ?	You can make the sale of the house contingent on them fixing the problems .
rep-0039	Excuse me . Do you know where the Admiral Hotel is?	That's over on Callaway Street, isn't it?	Yes, but I can't find Callaway Street.
rep-0040	Mr.Chen, do you mind if I smoke?
rep-0041	Hi, Alice, what are you doing this sunday?	Nothing really, why, what' s up?
rep-0042	Wow , Amy , look at that number .	What's so great about it ?	What do you mean ? It's a scrim .	Not to me , I wouldn't be caught dead in that .	I love that kind of stuff .	Yeah , you seem to like those styles .	Sure do . I get a kick out of looking punk .
rep-0043	How would you like your hair set?	I'd like to have it in big waves .	Shall I put some oil on? B
rep-0044	Excuse me , waiter , I would like to have some wine before the main course .
rep-0045	Do you know Sally?	Sally . She is a bachelor girl . She is an excellent designer . Many of the company's advertisements are her child trains .	Why is she still single? She must have a face that would stop clock .	Oh, quite the other way round . She is a knock-out . She devotes much of her time to her career.
rep-0046	I prefer potatoes to eggplants .	I feel eggplants are more nutritious .	But as a matter of fact , potatoes taste better .
rep-0047	Nice day, isn't it?	It sure is .	It's a good day for a picnic.
rep-0048	Excuse me . Do you have the time ?	My watch is a few minutes fast . It's about six forty , I think .
rep-0049	How much will my pay be, if you don ’ t mind my asking?	We would like to start you off at 1,500 yuan a month, not including bonus and overtime pay . We don ’ t give bonus every month, but we offer a semi-annual bonus . And you will receive two weeks paid vacation a year, as well . Does it suit you?
rep-0050	I ’ m going to be moving out soon .	You still have time on your lease .
rep-0051	What shall I call him ?	Oh , you may call him Uncle , or Henry .	What's he doing ?	He's checking bags.He ' s an official in the customs .
rep-0052	Don't I know you ?	I'm not sure.You look familiar .	You're Mr.Stevenson , right ?
rep-0053	Good morning, Sir . Where are you going?	I ’ m going to England by flight BE987 .	When is your flight?	10:00 AM . When am I supposed to check in?	we are checking in . May I have your ticket and your health certificate and your luggage please .	Here you are .	Are you keeping the small bag as carry-on luggage, sir?	Yes .	You must weigh that as well .	all right .	Your luggage is two pounds over . I ’ m afraid They'll be in excess luggage charge, Sir .	How much must I pay?	It ’ s ten yuan .	Here you are .	This is your luggage check Which You must show when you disembark at your destination and here is your boarding pass and your ticket .	Thanks .	Now, please wait until your flight is called . There's about twenty-five minutes to go .	I ’ m a little nervous . I ’ Ve never flown before.
rep-0054	You're really fit, Paul . Do you exercise very much?	Well, I almost always get up very early, and I lift weights for an hour .	You're kidding!	No . And then I often go Rollerblading .	Wow! How often do you exercise like that?	About five times a week . What about you?
rep-0055	My dear, what's for supper?	Red cooked carp and rape with fresh mushrooms .	What about soup?	Sour-peppery soup .	Which condiment do you use for?	I'll use ginger, garlic scallion, hot pepper and vinegar.
rep-0056	Have you adapted to the lifestyle in China ?	Yeah , almost . But there is one thing .	What ?	I still wonder what privacy meant for Chinese people . I don't mean to say that there's no privacy in China , but ...	What is it ?	Some of my Chinese colleagues just share their personal stories in front of others .
rep-0057	Is there anything wrong ?	I ’ m worried about my daughter . She can ’ t decide about college .	Don ’ t worry . That ’ s just a part of being a teenager .	I don ’ t mind that . But she disagrees with me about everything .	You should encourage her to make up her mind by herself . You shouldn ’ t affect her decision .	But I just want to give her some tips .	Oh , she can make her own decisions .
rep-0058	Hi , Alice , what are you doing this sunday ?	Nothing really , why , what ' s up ?	If you are free , maybe you would like to go to a small party and having for my birthday party . It will be fun , you will get to know lots of people .	Sounds great , I'd very much like to accept your invitation , thanks , when ?	Around six pm .	Do you need help setting up or anything ? I don't mind . I like to do that kind of thing . It's fun and I have a good eye for decorating .
rep-0059	Marketing manage office , can I help you ?	Mr Green , please .
rep-0060	Good afternoon! Can I help you?	Could you show me where the Chinesc-style clothing is located? I want to buy a silk coat .	This way, please . Here they are . They're all handmade .	Oh, they look nice . May I try that black one on?	Of course . The fitting room is right over there .	Do you have a medium in the same color? This one is a little tight .	l'm sorry . All the black of that size are sold out . Would you like a red one?	OK . Let me try it on . What do you think?
rep-0061	Did you already take the history exam ?	Yeah . It was hard . When do you take it ?	I take it tomorrow morning . There is so much material that I dont know what to emphasize on . What types of questions did you get ?	Mostly on the civil war . You should also study the impact Martin Luther King Jr . had on American society .
rep-0062	It ’ s so great to be here ! I ’ m so excited to help you and my daughter with your new home !	We ’ re glad that you ’ re here . Would you like a tour of the house ?	That ’ d be great , but could I have a cup of tea first ?	Sure , I ’ ll just go put the kettle on . Why don ’ t you have a seat on the sofa and I ’ ll go take care of things in the kitchen .	That would be lovely , thanks .	Do you take milk or sugar with your tea ?	I ’ ll take a little milk , but no sugar , please . Make sure you let the tea steep a few minutes before you take the tea bag out of the cup .	Ok . What do you think about our living room ?	Well , I do like the mantelpiece and the coffee table , but I don ’ t really care for curtains . Did you get them at a yard sale ? They look ancient .
rep-0063	Thank your for calling World Airline . What can I do for you?	I need to book a plane ticket to London.
rep-0064	Farmer's Pet Store .
rep-0065	How do you arrange this summer vacation?	I want to travel .	Where would you like to go?	The seaside .	That's really a good idea . Taking a walk on the beach and lying in the sun are pretty good . I recommend you Qingdao or Dalian .	I ’ Ve been to Qingdao before, so I ’ ll choose Dalian . I've heard that the environment there is very good.
rep-0066	How do you get road news ?	I've a driver mate in my car !
rep-0067	I wish the politicians would quit digging up dirt about each other's past .	I know . It really makes a mess of the whole election process .	And it takes up all the news .	The problem is that there always a large number of people who eat that kind of stuff up .	It's so small . The fact that there is public interest , doesn't say much for us as the public .	Have you ever listened to AM radio ? It's quite a different experience than the traditional news stations on TV and FM radio .
rep-0068	You look upset, anything wrong?	I'm going to quit the job .	Why?	The task is tough .	You'd look before you leap.
rep-0069	What's up? You sound a little down in dumps .	I quarreled with my roommate last night . He is really stubborn .	Calm down! Shouting won ’ t help?	He is really outrageous .	What happened?	I went back home last night . You know tired as a dog, so I took a quick shower and went to bed . I couldn't fall asleep, because Brian was there in the living room, playing his stupid stereo so loud . I kindly told him to turn that down a little bit . He shouted at me.
rep-0070	Sorry , stewardess . Where shall I put my bags ?	You can place the smaller one in the overhead bin and put the bigger one under the seat in front of you .
rep-0071	What's the matter with you, then? You look miserable .	It's us .	What do you mean by "us "?	Well, we used to talk to each other before we were married . Remember?	What do you mean? We' re talking now, aren't we?	Oh, yes, but we used to do so much together .	Yes . I remember . But we never used to argue . You used to think I was wonderful . Where are you going?
rep-0072	You would be using mainly English in this job . Do you think you could manage?	Yes, I am sure I can .	Do you think you are proficient in both written and spoken English?	Yes, I think I am quite proficient in both written and spoken English .	Do you think you can make yourself understood in English with ease?
rep-0073	John , my father isn't there at all . Are you kidding ?	Cool , fellow , what's the date today , buddy ?	It's ... oh it's the 1st April , April Fool's Day .
rep-0074	What kind of gas does this car take?	I don't know . It's a rental .	I will give you premium unleaded . Alright?	Sure, why not?	That is the pump you are in front of .	Is it expensive?	It is the most expensive .	Well, I don't want it then . Can I move to another pump?	Yes, I can give you regular unleaded . But you have to back up the car a little .	Give me regular unleaded then . I will back up.Can you wash my windows for me?	I'm sorry, sir . This is not a full service gas station . I will help you fill the gas, but we don't wash windows here.
rep-0075	Look ! Mom , that's amazing ! I can't believe the girls have so neat movements .	Yeah , they all received very strict training . A minute on the stage takes ten-year practice .	And all their movements are so elegant . It seems like dancing in the water .	Exactly , you know , water ballet puts dancing , music and swimming together .	There you go ! Daddy has told me that water ballet is also called Synchronized Swimming .	That's my boy ! Katherine Curtis created this activity in 1920 . And in 1984 , it was authorized as one activity in Olympic Games .
rep-0076	How many cleaning ladies does your company hire?
rep-0077	Hi, Dan . What's new?	Where have you been? I've been trying to get in touch with you for two days .	I went to Salt Lake City on business . What's up?	I got fired .	How come? Last time I saw you . You told me it was a good job, and you'd like to take it as a career . That was only one month ago . Why this sudden change?	It's a long story . In a word, I didn't do a good job of it . I messed up a business deal, a deal that would have made ten million dollars and I messed it up.
rep-0078	Thank your for calling World Airline . What can I do for you ?	I need to book a plane ticket to London .	Round-trip or one-way ?	One-way .	What date would you like to fly ?	Saturday , July 25 .	How many people will be traveling ?	Just one adult .	Which class ?
rep-0079	We've managed to reduce our energy consumption in our factory by about 15 per cent in the last two years .
rep-0080	Professor Li , do you know where to buy art supplies ?	For what ? Are you taking up painting ?	No . I can't paint . I'm asking for my niece . She is really into it .	Oh , good . How old is your niece ?
rep-0081	Come in, come in, what can I do for you?	Professor Donald, are you giving your advanced geology course again next semester?	Yes, I am applying on it .	I wonder if I could enroll in it . I know it is a graduate course and I' m a junior, but ...
rep-0082	I'd like to order breakfast, please .	What'd you like, madam?	Two muffins and a cup of coffee.Will it take long?	No, just a few minutes.
rep-0083	The boss announces the pay raise today, right? How much do you think we'll get?	No idea . Your guess is as good as mine .	It better be more than last year.
rep-0084	Look at this newspaper article about this famous local medium . It says that she is really gifted and so popular now, that she is booked solid with appointments for the next twelve months!	You don't really believe in all that hocus pocus mumbo jumbo, do you?	Well, I have had many friends that went to a psychic and got their palms read and most of the things the psychic told her came true!	Of course it does! They tell you general and obvious things like that you will be successful or have a big house . I think most of the times they are just scam artists .	Well, historically it is a practice that many cultures share . Reading the tarot cards, in the east they would even read tea leaves! I even heard that there are people that make you smoke a cigar, and then read your ashes.
rep-0085	Do you like watching the Winter Olympic Games ?	Of course . It's the tradition game in winter , and with good reason . Don't you like watching it ?	Of course I do . I love it . All the games are exciting and the competitors are respectable .	That's true . For various reasons , it takes more to hold a fierce game for Winter Olympics than it does for Summer Olympics . You know , the low temperature may cause many problems .
rep-0086	Well , known , Jim , I'm ... I'm pretty much in favour of your computers , I think computers teach kids to think , because they require logical thoughts .	But I ... I don't agree with thatbecause computers weaken kids'ability to thinkbecause kids don't learn basic skills .	What do you mean ?	They can't spell , they can't add , they can't subtract , they even don't remember any more . that's because they rely on gadgets .	That's not the gadgets . Creating programmes is stimulate thoughts . It engages their imagination and sharpen their mind .
rep-0087	Excuse me , sir.Is there a barber near here ?	Yes , the nearest one is at the third cross of this road .
rep-0088	We're thinking about going to America .	Have you thought about the cost ?
rep-0089	Gary . Could you type up this report for me? I have to take off early this afternoon.
rep-0090	Excuse me, Sir, do you know what time it is?	Oh, it ’ s almost eleven twenty .	Thank you .	You ’ re welcome . The rain is quite heavy, isn ’ t it?	Yeah . I was in a hurry and I forgot my umbrella today.
rep-0091	Hello, Parker . How ’ s everything?	Can ’ t complain . And you?	Business is booming . I understand you want to meet up with me next week . How ’ s your schedule looking?	Let me see . I can come out and see you first thing Wednesday.
rep-0092	Excuse me . Do you mind if I try this on ?	Not at all . The changing rooms are just this way .	Thanks . It's a little tight . Do you have any in a larger size ?
rep-0093	Jeff , look at this listing ! It says there is a cozy studio apartment for rent , and it's only $ 700 per month . What do you think ?	Well I think I can afford that apartment . But are pets allowed ?	Hmm ... let me look . Yes , it says it's a pet-friendly building .	That's great . That means I can bring my cat , Mr . Twinkles . Where is the apartment located ?
rep-0094	Whew ! I had to wait for almost an hour to get to the front of the line .	You have much patience .
rep-0095	Please tell me how to file things according to the concerned rules .	Well, all right . There are four points you should keep in mind when you file documents, information and other things.
rep-0096	When can you get the finished product to me?	We should have it put together by the end of next week.
rep-0097	Where to , ma'am ?	The Grand Hotel .	The Grand Hotel ?	Yes.Do you know where it is ?	No , Madam . I don't think I do .	It's the 11th Avenue , Park Street .
rep-0098	Nani Book Store . How can I help you?	Do you have the' The man and the Sea' by Ernest Hemingway?
rep-0099	Professor Li, do you know where to buy art supplies?	For what? Are you taking up painting?	No . I can't paint . I'm asking for my niece . She is really into it.
rep-0100	Can I help you ?	Yes , I'm in a bit of a rush . Could I have a piece of apple pie please ?
rep-0101	What's your favorite book ?	It's Gone With the Wind .	Why do you like it best ?	I enjoy the various characters and the plot .	Well . I like the Thom Birds best .	Is it very interesting ?	Sure . I like the writer's language , too .	If I have a chance , I'll enjoy the book .
rep-0102	Mike! Look at the floor!	What's wrong with it?	What's wrong with it? It's filthy!	Oh ...
rep-0103	Come in , come in !	Hi , Gary , what happened ? I was waiting for you at the theater . Why didn ’ t you meet me there ?	I thought we were supposed to meet here .	Don ’ t you know our movie starts at seven ? And we were going to meet at the theater at five to seven . Then it doesn ’ t make sense to meet at the apartment .	I ’ m sorry . We must have misunderstood each other .	Why don ’ t you try to be clearer about your intentions ?	You ’ re right . I am sorry . Let ’ s go and watch the movie .	It ’ s okay . I don ’ t want to go now . We ’ Ve already missed ten minutes of the movie . I don ’ t want to see a movie without watching the beginning .
rep-0104	Where to , ma'am ?	The Grand Hotel .	The Grand Hotel ?
rep-0105	I was surprised to see how few people you have on-site . You provide a wide range of goods and services but have a very small workforce .	It depends on the time of year . At peak times we hire in casual workers to help with packing and dispatch . We also contract out certain services all year round , for example , cleaning . We run a very tight operation !
rep-0106	Professor Li , do you know where to buy art supplies ?
rep-0107	Actually I have a passion for Chinese literature .
rep-0108	I must be going .	Okay . Keep in touch.
rep-0109	What ’ s the Mountaineering Club doing this weekend ?	We are going to climb a cliff on the Colorado River .	How hard is the climb ?	It is a very difficult climb because there are not many places to put your hands and feet .	What did you do last week ?	We rappelled down the side of 300 - foot cliff . It was very exciting .	Wow ! That sounds like a lot of fun . I ’ m sorry I missed it .
rep-0110	Helen , did you hear I ’ m having a party ? Next Saturday in my place .
rep-0111	Excuse me, Sir, do you know what time it is?	Oh, it ’ s almost eleven twenty .	Thank you .	You ’ re welcome . The rain is quite heavy, isn ’ t it?
rep-0112	Good morning, sir . May I help you?	Good morning, I have an appointment with Mr . Johnson at 10:00	Excuse me, sir, but are you Mr . Richard of World Trading Company?	Yes . That ’ s right .	I ’ m sorry, Mr . Richard . Mr . Johnson is on his way to the office . He had just called and asked you to wait a minute.
rep-0113	What kind of gas does this car take ?	I don't know . It's a rental .
rep-0114	Marketing Manager ’ s Office . Can I help you?	Mr . Smith, please.
rep-0115	I am so busy today .	Can I help you?	I ’ m not sure . Perhaps you could do the shopping .	I ’ ll be glad to help.
rep-0116	Sorry . I didn't mean to be late . Can I come in ?	What's your excuse this time ?	Have I used the one that my sister is sick ?	Yes , twice last week .	Are you sure ? I thought I said it was my mother .	I don't think so . But it could've been .	Well . You can trust me this time . My sister is definitely sick . I'm just coming from the hospital . They say she might even die .	I don't buy your story . Try not to have any more sick relatives this week , all right ?	I'll do my best .	Just try to be a little more punctual in the future .
rep-0117	Professor Li, do you know where to buy art supplies?	For what? Are you taking up painting?	No . I can't paint . I'm asking for my niece . She is really into it .	Oh, good . How old is your niece?	She is eight . Actually, I'm buying a good set of art supplies for her as a birthday gift.
rep-0118	May I take your order ?	Yes . I'd like a cup of onion soup .
rep-0119	The Great Wall is a great attraction for visitors .
rep-0120	Good morning . What's the matter with you?	Good morning, doctor . I have a terrible headache.
rep-0121	What ’ s on TV tonight?	Not much, that new reality-TV show, Ally McNeal, oooo, Dark Angel .	Wait a second . I want to watch Ally McNeal .	Oh, come on . That ’ s such a girl ’ s show .	No it ’ s not . It ’ s just funny .	Yeah, if you ’ re a girl .	Well, you just want to watch Dark Angel because of the hot girl .	That ’ s not true . Dark Angel is a good show .	It ’ s story is just an excuse to get the girl dressed up in different tight outfits .	O . K ., O . K . Let ’ s forget it . There ’ s a football game on too .	No way . I ’ m watching Ally McNeal . Go to John ’ s to watch the game.
rep-0122	Please tell me how to file things according to the concerned rules .	Well , all right . There are four points you should keep in mind when you file documents , information and other things .	What are they ?	They are keep the documents in chronological order , remove all the chips and pins , punch the documents evenly and place them in the folder .
rep-0123	Hi, Monica, how is everything going?	Everything goes well, but I am thinking about quitting my current job .	Why? You ’ re not satisfied anymore?	I just sense . But I cannot grow anymore . My boss is not really supporting me . I am interested in some positions in other JV companies, but I need to do some more in-depth research before I send my application letters out .	That is important . Doing research on a company you are interested in will definitely help your application.
rep-0124	How much will my pay be, if you don ’ t mind my asking?	We would like to start you off at 1,500 yuan a month, not including bonus and overtime pay . We don ’ t give bonus every month, but we offer a semi-annual bonus . And you will receive two weeks paid vacation a year, as well . Does it suit you?
rep-0125	You're from New York , aren't you ?	Yes , that's right .	What do you suggest I should see in New York ?	Well , how about the Museum of Modern Art ?
rep-0126	Hello, Daisy, how are you doing?	Fine, thank you . I haven ’ t seen you for quite some time . What have you been up to recently?	I have been spending a lot of time watching movies at home, so you wouldn't have seen me . Recently, I've been obsessed with horror films .	Oh, how can you be infatuated with horror films? They're so scary .	Yeah, you are right I used to not watch horror films, but after seeing Silence of the Lamb with Mike last month, I fell in love with them .	It's amazing . But if I were you, I wouldn't have the courage to watch the first one .	But it's really exciting .	Maybe, but I would rather watch romance, science fiction, crime or even disaster movie instead of a horror picture . I wouldn't dare sleep at night after watching one .	Basically . you'll watch any type of movie except horror .	Yep .	I think you should have a try someday . Maybe you'll change your mind.
rep-0127	Over here is our gym . We have all the latest equipment .	But I haven't used exercising equipment before . Can you tell us some more details?	Certainly . We have here the race apparatus, stationary bike, muscle builder set, chest expander, bar bell, dumb bell and so on .	Working in the gym is a very good way for losing weight . What else do you have?	Here's the swimming pool . It's open from 10 a . m . to 11 p . m . There are also massage rooms here.
rep-0128	Why not come over to work in my company ?
rep-0129	I will take it . How much ?	$ 60 .	I am sure you can do better than that .	Sorry , sir . It's the sale price .	Well , what about $ 70 with a scarf ?	It's my rock bottom price . Take it or leave it .
rep-0130	It seems that nobody in your class likes Paul .	The boy is good for nothing .	As a teacher , I don ’ t know how to help him .
rep-0131	Hide me, Yi-jun! The kids all think I'm the real Easter bunny!
rep-0132	Let me tell you some more . The interest is settled on the 20th of the last month in each quarter, It's paid quarterly . Of course it also needs to be settled if you cancel the account .	Miao Ping, in your opinion, should we go for the Type A or Type B Account?	Well, the Type B Account is very restricted . If your aim is to use the account the same way as your use your Settlement Account, I would recommend the Type A Account for you.
rep-0133	Do you like watching the Winter Olympic Games ?	Of course . It's the tradition game in winter , and with good reason . Don't you like watching it ?	Of course I do . I love it . All the games are exciting and the competitors are respectable .	That's true . For various reasons , it takes more to hold a fierce game for Winter Olympics than it does for Summer Olympics . You know , the low temperature may cause many problems .	Yeah . What's the difference between the Winter Olympics and the Summer Olympics ?	When the Olympic Games started in modern times , only summer events were included . When it grew popular , there came the Winter Olympic Games , which includes a variety of winter sports .	I see . Then , what's your favorite winter sport ?
rep-0134	Good morning . Vane Theater, at your service .	Hello . I'm thinking about watching a Chinese traditional opera with a foreign girl . What's on this weekend?	Well, there will be charity performance on Saturday night . And also, there will be a solo concert by an opera star on Sunday night .	It's a good thing that I have choices here . Can you tell me about the one on Saturday?
rep-0135	Are there any beds vacant ?	Yes , what kind of room do you want ?	I prefer one facing the sea . Besides , it should have a shower .
rep-0136	how long will it take us to drive to London?	I think it ’ s a distance of 180 kilometers from here to London, so it should be a two-hour drive on the motorway .	that ’ s unless there is a traffic jam . It could take three hours .	you ’ re right . We will be able to travel at high speeds at the beginning and end of the journey, because we will be in built-up areas .	so, shall we allow three hours to cover the distance?	ok . You haven ’ t seen my company car, have you?	no . let me take a look...it ’ s longer than my car .	I think it ’ s over five meters long . I can ’ t remember exactly . It has a maximum speed of over 200 kilometers an hour.
rep-0137	I'm sorry I'm so late . I had a really bad day .	It's ten after six.We ' re late.But dinner is at six thirty .	I know . I know . I'm really sorry . I lost my bag .
rep-0138	I'm looking for a string of pearls for my wife .	Yes , sir . What price range do you have in mind ?	I'm not sure . I don't know very much about the price of pearls .	I see . Let me show you some samples of various qualities . This one is very nice . It's three hundred and fifty dollars .
rep-0139	Why don't you sit down and relax, darling?	I don't want to .	Well, come over and talk to me then .	Certainly not .	May I turn on the TV then?	Turn on the TV for what?	So that we can sit down together and listen to some music .	Listen to the music? And who will cook dinner, will you?	I will, but let's go to the disco after dinner.
rep-0140	Morning, Peter . Nice suit! A new one?	Oh, yes . My wife bought it for me yesterday . Hmm, you look nice in that yellow dress . Yellow suits you really well .	Maybe . Several people have suggested that I get more yellow clothes . They say the color suits me because I have a fair complexion .	That's right . You know, pink, green and black could also be good for you . Actually, I think that all colors are okay for a person with your complexion . It's just that different colors can give people different impressions . For example, black could make you look mature, while pink could make you look young and energetic.
rep-0141	I will take it . How much ?	$ 60 .	I am sure you can do better than that .	Sorry , sir . It's the sale price .	Well , what about $ 70 with a scarf ?	It's my rock bottom price . Take it or leave it .
rep-0142	We are planning to go to Beidaihe for vacation . Do you want to go with us?
rep-0143	Hello , this is Liu Juan speaking . Is that Mr . Brown ?
rep-0144	Leo! I wanted to tell you thanks for all your hard work on the budget . We ’ re having a get-together after work tonight at Carl ’ s Karaoke Club to celebrate having finished it . We ’ d love to see
rep-0145	What's up? You sound a little down in dumps .	I quarreled with my roommate last night . He is really stubborn .	Calm down! Shouting won ’ t help?	He is really outrageous .	What happened?	I went back home last night . You know tired as a dog, so I took a quick shower and went to bed . I couldn't fall asleep, because Brian was there in the living room, playing his stupid stereo so loud . I kindly told him to turn that down a little bit . He shouted at me .	What? He can't do this to you .	Well, he did it anyway . Then he came into my room and shot all his shit blah blah blah...you know .	What did you do?	I shouted it back of course .	Hold it, Mike . You won't accomplish anything by hollering at him, right? You worked it all up till now . Why not wait until you cool down a bit?
rep-0146	How do you celebrate national day in your country?
rep-0147	John , my father isn't there at all . Are you kidding ?	Cool , fellow , what's the date today , buddy ?	It's ... oh it's the 1st April , April Fool's Day .
rep-0148	I ’ m going to be moving out soon .	You still have time on your lease .	There ’ s no way that I can stay here .	That ’ s not going to be all right .	I don ’ t understand why .	I ’ m going to have to keep your deposit	Why can ’ t I have it back?	Because you ’ re leaving before your lease is over .	You have to give it back to me .	You ’ re not going to get it.
rep-0149	Excuse me, may I help you?
rep-0150	Hello, is this the ABC company?	Yes, may I help you?
rep-0151	I really need to start eating healthier .	I have to start eating better too .	What kind of food do you usually eat ?	I try my best to eat only fruits , vegetables , and chicken .
rep-0152	David , I ’ m going to China .	Really ? How did you get the chance ?	You know . I took part in the Chinese contest . I was the best and they gave me this reward . I don ’ t have to pay for my trip .	Congratulations . How lucky you are !	Thank you . I ’ m leaving tomorrow morning .	I ’ m sure you ’ ll enjoy the trip . China is such a beautiful country .
rep-0153	May I help you, ma'ma?	Please, where do I catch the plane for New York?	First you must check in at Counter No . 4 .	That one there?
rep-0154	What's wrong with Debbie today? She seems upset about something .	I have no idea . Maybe she had a fight with her husband.
rep-0155	Hello, Parker . How ’ s everything?
rep-0156	Morning , Peter . Nice suit ! A new one ?	Oh , yes . My wife bought it for me yesterday . Hmm , you look nice in that yellow dress . Yellow suits you really well .	Maybe . Several people have suggested that I get more yellow clothes . They say the color suits me because I have a fair complexion .
rep-0157	The taxi drivers are on strike again .	What for?	They want the government to reduce the price of the gasoline.
rep-0158	Good morning , sir . May I help you ?	Good morning , I have an appointment with Mr . Johnson at 10:00	Excuse me , sir , but are you Mr . Richard of World Trading Company ?	Yes . That ’ s right .	I ’ m sorry , Mr . Richard . Mr . Johnson is on his way to the office . He had just called and asked you to wait a minute .
rep-0159	Good morning . Can I help you ?	Good morning . I ’ m here to see Rochelle Davis , the Human Resources Manager .
rep-0160	I hate computer games .	Why ? They are fine .	Because they are too violent . Some of them are even disgusting .	Indeed there are bad games . But many of them are good .	If boys grow up with computer games , they will surely become bad .
rep-0161	Believe it or not, tea is the most popular beverage in the world after water .	Well, people from Asia to Europe all enjoy tea .	Right . And China is the homeland of tea .	Yes, Chinese people love drinking tea so much . Some even claim they can't live without tea .	Do you know there are several catagories of Chinese tea?	Yes, I believe there are green teas, black teas and scented teas . Any Others?	Well, have you ever heard of Oulong tea and compressed tea?
rep-0162	Honey , I ’ ll be right back !	Where are you going ?	I told you already ! I ’ m going to get my nails done .	Again ? You just went last week ! You spend more time at the nail salon than you do here at home ! Honestly , why do you need a manicure every week ?
rep-0163	What do you need today ?	I need to take a few classes .
rep-0164	Hey, how was the show?
rep-0165	Hi . I ’ m here to catch flight 513 to New York .	May I see your ticket please ?	Here you are . Do you need to see my passport ?	Any form of picture I . D . will do .	Mmmm ... a photo I . D . I have my New Jersey driver ’ s license . Is that ok ?	That will do . What an interesting picture ! How old is it ?	Actually it wad taken just last year , but I had a shaved head and a beard . Can you still recognize me ?	Barely . Will you be checking any luggage today ?
rep-0166	Hey , could you help me try and figure out how to get ready for my job interview ?	The most important thing to do is to make sure you know the company and what services or products it provides . Do you know all about them ?
rep-0167	I'm too tired now . I've already worked for 12 hours overtime !	God ! Don't you think they should get you an assistant ?	Yes , they were supposed to , but so far nobody's turned up , and I have to do the work alone . This is the first break I've had all day .	They're really running you into the ground . Why don't you ask for some time off ? You could take a long weekend and have a good rest .	I'm afraid I can't before I finish this project .
rep-0168	How smart of you to book the tickets before hand !	Oh , do you really think so ?	Of course , otherwise you ’ ll just have to wait for hours .	But I just got a call from my sister and I have to cancel the movie tonight .
rep-0169	Hey Stacy . What's going on ?	I'm pretty tired these days .	Why ? You're not working so don't you have a lot of time on your hands ?	I have so much house work to do . I have to take care of the kids , cook , clean , laundry , and the cycle never ends .	How about your husband . Does he help much ?
rep-0170	how long will it take us to drive to London?	I think it ’ s a distance of 180 kilometers from here to London, so it should be a two-hour drive on the motorway.
rep-0171	Jenny , what's wrong with you ? Why do you keep weeping like that ?	Mary told me that she had seen you with John last night . I got to know the fact that you are playing the field .
rep-0172	The stepmother was very wicked . She couldn't stand a happy smile on the boy's face .
rep-0173	What do you think we need to do to get our new branch office running well?	First, I'd make sure that we have a good, local, corporate lawyer . He or she will know all the local laws and regulations .	That ’ s very important . A friend recommended a good law firm to me . We ’ ll need someone to hire staff .	I think that we should send one of our HR people to do that . I don ’ t think we should use an agency, because they won ’ t be familiar with the type of people we employ . Have we decide on the location of	Yes . We have . We chose the location in the northeast of the city, not too far from the airport and on the edge of the CBD .	Why didn ’ t we choose an office in the CBD?	The offices there were too expensive . Have we negotiated any contracts yet?	Yes . We ’ Ve signed two contracts with companies that we already do work for in other countries . We hope to sign another three this month .	When will the branch office open?	Hopefully next month . Everything is a little rushed . We should be able to set up our branch office and expand our business quickly .	Has and advertising campaign been prepared?	Yes, it has . We ’ re going to target the business community through business magazines .	I made plenty of business contract on my last visit and through the embassy . We should be able to get plenty of customers.
rep-0174	Our benefits usually include medical insurance, public accumulation fund and allowances.
rep-0175	Hey , Tom , did you enjoy your lunch ?	Oh , don't mention it . It was terrible .	What ' the matter ?	The food station was as crowded as usual . I waited for 20 minutes for my sandwich , and when I finally got it the chicken was underdone .
rep-0176	Let's have some lunch ; do you know of a great restaurant somewhere ?
rep-0177	The plumbing in my new apartment is not working .	I need you to tell me what the problem is .	The bathroom sink is stopped up .	Is the kitchen plumbing messed up also , or just the bathroom plumbing ?
rep-0178	Why not come over to work in my company?
rep-0179	Marketing Manager ’ s Office . Can I help you ?	Mr . Smith , please .	Sorry , he is out .	What time do you expect him back then ?	Sorry , I am not sure . Can I take a message ?	No , thanks . I will call back later .
rep-0180	It's said that John's broken up .	Really? But his wife has always waited on him hand and foot .	I hear that John's leading a double wife.
rep-0181	I hear you are expecting your family .	Yes , my parents , and soon my brother as well .	I didn't know you had a brother .	Oh , yes , he is two years older than me . He lives in New Zealand so I don't see him that often .	Oh , nice . Is he coming on his own or with the family ?	His son is coming as well . He wants to go to university here in England so they will visit a few universities while they are here .	Does your brother have just one son ?	No , he has two daughters as well . His wife and daughters are visiting her parents . So I won't see them .	I'm sure your parents are looking forward to seeing their grandson .	Oh yes , they are really looking forward to it . They went to New Zealand last year and loved it .	So when are they all coming ?	My parents are already here . My brother and nephew are arriving on Monday .
rep-0182	Doris, Helen Mall is having a big sale this weekend . Do you wannago?
rep-0183	Do you really have to work today ?	Yes . I'm afraid so .	But you'll miss out on the football game .
rep-0184	How about another beer?
rep-0185	I can ’ t bear it . The driver is too bad .	He must be green . It ’ s lucky that we will get off soon.
rep-0186	John, I ’ d like you to meet Charles Brown, our new manager at the airport .	Yes, certainly . How can I recognize him?	He is short, well-built, and he ’ s got light blond hair .	Is there anything else?	He has a mustache, if I remember correctly, and a light complexion .	How old is he?	He is in his late thirties .	Well . I shouldn ’ t have any trouble recognizing him . What time does his flight arrive?	At 2 thirty.
rep-0187	Hey , you look great ! how's everything ?	Yeah , you know what ? I've been going to the club regularly . The training really pays off . Now I am in a good shape and I know more about how to keep fit .	Really ? tell me about it . I haven't gone to the club for a long time . I am too busy with work .	It's important to do proper exercises .	You're right . Too much or too little won't do any good .	The trainer tells me , besides regular sports activities , I should also have a healthy and balanced diet .	Sounds reasonable .	We should eat more vegetables instead of junk food to stay energetic .	And fruits !	Surely it is . Getting enough sleep is also crucial for fitness .	I've heard that . Does your trainer tell you anything about keeping fit ?	Yeah , he advises me to stay in a good mood . That can also help one to keep sound physical health .	I think if you follow your trainer's advice , you'll be on the right track .
rep-0188	Can I help you, sir?
rep-0189	How long have you been in England ?	For almost two years .
rep-0190	So how did I do on my driving test?	Do you want the truth?	Of course, I do .	Well, you really didn't do all that well .	How bad did I do?	To be completely honest, you failed your test .	How?	There were a number of reasons .	What were they?
rep-0191	It's quit a big cafeteria , isn't it ?	Sure . I usually have my lunch here . The food is tasty and they offer a big variety .	Let's line up . The steak is very inviting . I'll have it .	I'll have ham and egg with French fries . What dessert do you want ?
rep-0192	Good morning . My name is Mr . Brown . I ’ m from Australia . Here is my card .	Thank you . I ’ m pleased to meet you , Mr . Brown . My name is Kathy Pewless , the representative of Green Textile Import and Export Corporation .	Pleased to meet you too , Ms . Pewless . I travel a lot every year on business , but this is my first visit to your country . I must say I have been much impressed by your friendly people .	Thank you for saying so . Have you seen the exhibition halls ? On display are most of our products , such as silk , woolen knitwear , cotton piece goods , and garments .	Oh , yes . I had a look yesterday . I found some of the exhibits to be fine in quality and beautiful in design . The exhibition has successfully displayed to me what your corporation handles . I ’ Ve gone over the catalogue and the pamphlets enclosed in your last letter . I ’ Ve got some idea of your exports . I ’ m interested in your silk blouses .	Our silk is known for its good quality . It is one of our trade - trional exports . Silk blouses are brightly colored and beau - fully designed . They ’ Ve met with great favor overseas and are always in great demand .
rep-0193	Billy , you are late again .	I'm sorry I'm late . I overslept . Is the manager here today ?	Yes he ' s in his office .	Oh , I hope he didn't notice me .	Don't take any chances . It'd be best if you told him and promised not to be late again . He's already mad at you for last 2 times . Any more and he might fire you .	You said it . It won't happen again . Do you really think he'd fire me ?	I think he might . You'd better go to his office .	You are probably right . I'll go right now and apologize . I try hard not to be late but it is difficult with Beijing traffic .
rep-0194	Excuse me . Do you know where the Admiral Hotel is ?	That's over on Callaway Street , isn't it ?
rep-0195	So Dick , how about getting some coffee for tonight ?
rep-0196	Don ’ t you agree that all the thieves should be punished by cutting off their fingers?
rep-0197	hi, Mary! What do you like to do in your spare time?	well, I spend a lot of time watching movies .	what a confidence! I always watch a lot of movies, too .	oh really, Frank? What kind of movies do you like?	actually, I watch whichever movie there is, be it a comedy, a sci-fi or a suspense movie . How about you?	art films are my favorite, but thrillers are cool, too .	really impressive . These two genres are totally different .	sure . I enjoy both of them very much .	how often do you go to the cinema?	once in a while, I suppose, I usually rent movies at Movie Salon.
rep-0198	Hi there, I want to reserve a hotel room .	No problem at all . Could I have your full name, please?	Sure, John Sandals .	Hi, Mr . Sandals . I'm Michelle, at your service . When do you need the room?
rep-0199	I have just received your note which informs me that you have offered the accountant position to another candidate . May I ask why I was defeated ?
rep-0200	Good morning , Sir . Where are you going ?	I ’ m going to England by flight BE987 .
rep-0201	So Janet , do you do any sports ?	Well , I go to the gym a lot . I am a member of a gym nearby .
rep-0202	Hey man , you wanna buy some weed ?	Some what ?	Weed ! You know ? Pot , Ganja , Mary Jane some chronic !	Oh , umm , no thanks .	I also have blow if you prefer to do a few lines .	No , I am ok , really .	Come on man ! I even got dope and acid ! Try some !	Do you really have all of these drugs ? Where do you get them from ?
rep-0203	What can I do for you, miss?	I am looking for a pair of shoes.
rep-0204	We're thinking about going to America.
rep-0205	Hi , could we have two orange juice smoothies ?	Would you like those with yogurt ?	Sure , why not ?	What else would you like to add ? We highly recommend caterpillar fungus .	Caterpillar fungus ? ! What the heck is that ?
rep-0206	I'd like to invite you to dinner tonight, do you think have time?	Thank you for your inition . I'm free tonight .	Which kind of food do you like, chinese food, western food or sea food?
rep-0207	That way they look longer .	Now what are you doing ?	Putting on mascara .	Nasty . You'd better not rub your eyes .	I won't .	And you'd better not cry or you'll have black streaks running down your face .
rep-0208	Did you pack this bag yourself ? Has it been out of your possession at any time before checking-in ?
rep-0209	How do you feel about that restaurant ?
rep-0210	Hey, look, there is a circus show over there .	I'm not in the mood .	It's the circus .	I don't want to sit there and watch them torturing the animals .	Oh, come on, they give them treat too.Oh, look, that little monkey is so cute .	Cute? Hope so.
rep-0211	That way they look longer .	Now what are you doing ?	Putting on mascara .	Nasty . You'd better not rub your eyes .
rep-0212	Peter, how often do you exercise?	Well, I swim and run every day .	Now, tell me, what do you eat?	Well, I don't eat any meat, but I do eat fish and eggs.
rep-0213	Dave , there's something I want to talk to you about .	Zina , why are you whispering ?	I've been talking to WebTracker . I'm thinking of jumping ship .
rep-0214	I ’ m afraid I spoke in all of the table clock.
rep-0215	Good evening . What'll you have ?	I'd like a beer . What kind of beer do you have ?
rep-0216	What do you mean ? If he was a good programmer , he should have been raking it in .	The boss wanted to pay Bob with stock options . But Bob didn't want to play that game again .
rep-0217	I ’ m pretty sure that Jim will turn out to be a good lawyer .	How can you be so sure?	He knows a lot about law and he ’ s eloquent, too.
rep-0218	What kind of permanent would you like to have ?	what kinds do you have ?	Oh , yeah , It ’ s quite of variety . Regular , cold perm , straight perm , pink curl and form .
rep-0219	How is your new dormitory?	It's very nice . There are only four people, and those girls are very kind and friendly .	Well, do you all major in the same subject?	No, the other three girls major in a computer science, and they can help me a lot with the computer operating.
rep-0220	It's such a nice day .	Yes, it is .	It looks like it may rain soon .	Yes, and I hope that it does .	Why is that?	I really love how rain clears the air .	Me too . It always smells so fresh after it rains .	Yes, but I love the night air after it rains .	Really? Why is that?	Because you can see the stars perfectly.
rep-0221	Here's the course description guide .	What do I do with it?	Do you want me to help you?
rep-0222	Here you are . You left the medicine here .	Sorry . I was too worried .	I firmly believe that you love your brother very much .	Absolutely . By the way, do you sell any traditional Chinese medicine?	Yes, we have some Chinese medicine for common cold .	I heard Chinese medicine has a better lasting effect in cure.
rep-0223	Do you know Sally?	Sally . She is a bachelor girl . She is an excellent designer . Many of the company's advertisements are her child trains .	Why is she still single? She must have a face that would stop clock .	Oh, quite the other way round . She is a knock-out . She devotes much of her time to her career.
rep-0224	How ’ s it going ?	I ’ m fine . Thank you .	Do you need anything ?	I need you to help me .	What can I do for you ?	I am looking for an article in a newspaper .
rep-0225	It's getting late . I really have to go.
rep-0226	The Great Wall is a great attraction for visitors .	It's a man-made wonder . I've seen it many times in textbooks and it's part of my dream to visit it .	Someone claimed it was one of the two man-made wonders that could be seen on the moon.
rep-0227	Hi, I made a reservation for a mid-size vehicle . The name is Jimmy Fox .	I ’ m sorry, we have no mid-size available at the moment .	I don ’ t understand, I made a reservation, do you have my reservation?	Yes, we do, unfortunately we ran out of cars .	But the reservation keeps the car here . That ’ s why you have the reservation .	I know why we have reservations .	I don ’ t think you do.If you did, I ’ d have a car.See, you know how to take the reservation, you just don ’ t know how to hold the reservation and that ’ s really the most important part of the reservation, the holding . Anybody can just take them .	But we do have a compact or an SUV if you ’ d like .	Fine . I ’ ll take the compact .	Alright . We have a blue Ford Focus for you, Mr . Fox . Would you like insurance?
rep-0228	What ’ s on TV tonight ?	Not much , that new reality-TV show , Ally McNeal , oooo , Dark Angel .
rep-0229	Next , please .	Could I purchase Euro with RIB here ? I have to stay here for months .	Yes , the rate for cash purchases is listed on the electronica screen , so you have seen the rate of exchange .	Yes , I have known of it .	How much do you like to exchange ?	20,000 RIB .	In what denominations ?	It doesn't matter , but leave me some small changes , that will be convenient in daily life .	Right , I will exchange for you now . Please sign the exchange form giving the name and telephone .	Well , could you change them too ? The dollars , I want to change them into Swiss francs .	OK , wait for a moment . Well , I am sorry , but we are not authorized to exchange coins because it is low and we do not have enough foreign coins . In this case , you'd better change 2,000 $ to Swiss francs .
rep-0230	I had a big argument with david yesterday . I hope he ’ s not still mad at me .	What did you argue about?	He borrowed some money from me and I needed it back . He said he didn ’ t have the money yet .	Well, he should pay you back . It ’ s only fair.
rep-0231	Good morning , may I speak with Professor Clark , please ?	You are speaking with Professor Clark .
rep-0232	That way they look longer .	Now what are you doing ?	Putting on mascara .	Nasty . You'd better not rub your eyes .
rep-0233	how are you doing, Christopher?	to be honest, I'm really fed up with work at the moment . I need a break!	are you doing anything this weekend?	I have to work on Saturday all day! I really hate my job!	are you available on Sunday?	yes, that's my only day off until Thursday .	ok, well, my friends and I are planning on going to the beach on Sunday . We tend to leave around noon whenever we go anywhere, so you could still sleep in . Do you want to come with us?	that'd be fantastic! Which beach are you going to?	it's a quiet beach just about an hour outside of the city .	what should I bring with me?	we've got plenty of inflatables, but if you want to sit on a chair, you'll have to bring your own sunlounger .	I can just use my beach towel . I love lazing around in the sun .	do you like surfing?	I've actually never tired . Do you have a surfboard?	we've got a few . I can teach you how to surf on Sunday . It'll be fun!	I can't wait! It sounds like we're going to have a great time . How much money should I bring?
rep-0234	What is life?	Don't ask such a question . You know it has no certain answer . Everyone knows it is in his heart.
rep-0235	Hello.this is Susan .	Hello, I ’ m Mark . I ’ m just wondering if you are free this weekend	Yes, I think So .	Good . I was thinking that I ’ d like to invite you to watch a movie . I can meet you at the cinema gate .	What ’ s the time?	Six thirty, tonight .	Oh, I ’ m sorry I can ’ t because I have to do some housework.You can ask Jenny to go with you	All right.Maybe next time I can go with you.Bye!
rep-0236	Gary . Could you type up this report for me ? I have to take off early this afternoon .
rep-0237	Allan, I am really disappointed by your lack of effort on this project .	Look, Sally . I ’ Ve put just as much work into this as anybody else .	No, I ’ m sorry . I disagree . I don ’ t think you ’ Ve been working at full speed at all .	Well . I ’ m sorry you feel that way.
rep-0238	Can you speak Japanese ?	Yes , I can , but not very well .	Where did you learn it ?	At school . And I'm still learning it now .	How long have you been learning it ?	About three years .
rep-0239	What shall I call him?	Oh, you may call him Uncle, or Henry .	What's he doing?	He's checking bags.He' s an official in the customs.
rep-0240	I'm not really accustomed to the style of the new boss .
rep-0241	Honey, what's wrong with you?	I'm not feeling well . I'm very nervous .	Take it easy . We are going to have our own baby . You should be happy .	Yeah, I know.
rep-0242	It ’ s so great to be here ! I ’ m so excited to help you and my daughter with your new home !	We ’ re glad that you ’ re here . Would you like a tour of the house ?	That ’ d be great , but could I have a cup of tea first ?	Sure , I ’ ll just go put the kettle on . Why don ’ t you have a seat on the sofa and I ’ ll go take care of things in the kitchen .	That would be lovely , thanks .	Do you take milk or sugar with your tea ?	I ’ ll take a little milk , but no sugar , please . Make sure you let the tea steep a few minutes before you take the tea bag out of the cup .	Ok . What do you think about our living room ?	Well , I do like the mantelpiece and the coffee table , but I don ’ t really care for curtains . Did you get them at a yard sale ? They look ancient .	My parents gave them to us as a house warming gift .	Oh dear . Well , I suppose they will do for now . do you ever dust in here ? It seems a bit dusty in here .	Your daughter usually does the dusting , and I do the vacuuming .	I see . Well , I can help with the chores while I ’ m here . You two could probably use my help .	That ’ s very nice of you to offer . Here ’ s your tea . Be careful , it ’ s still quite hot .
rep-0243	Hey, look, there is a circus show over there .	I'm not in the mood.
rep-0244	Ms . Wang , this is Mr . Cooper , president of Ivy Publishing .
rep-0245	Today I want to invite you to talk about insurance you ’ re interested in .	Thank you . I wonder whether I can enjoy the life insurance and health insurance .	Of course . A two-week paid vacation a year , a five-day workweek .
rep-0246	Hello?	Hey Tina . What are you doing?	I was just watching TV . What's going on with you?	I just watched a movie and I'm scared .	What did you watch?	I saw the Sixth Sense . I didn't know it was going to be so scary .	I remember that . It was a great movie . But it was definitely scary .	If you're not busy, do you want to come over? I'm afraid to be alone .	Sure . I can come over . What should we do?	How about if we watch a comedy . I need something to get my mind off the frightening images I have from the Sixth Sense .	Ok . I'll get ready and leave . I'll see you in about 20 minutes .	Hurry, ok . It's dark out .	Don't worry, nothings going to happen . I'll be there real soon.
rep-0247	Have you got any cheaper ones?
rep-0248	Hi there , I want to reserve a hotel room .	No problem at all . Could I have your full name , please ?	Sure , John Sandals .	Hi , Mr . Sandals . I'm Michelle , at your service . When do you need the room ?
rep-0249	How about you and Tom? What time is your wedding?	Don ’ t be kidding, OK?
rep-0250	It really makes my blood boil when this sort of thing happens . I even want to wring his neck .
rep-0251	Every time when heroes came back from the battlefield, we took our hats off to them.
rep-0252	Hey , look , there is a circus show over there .
rep-0253	Have you seen the new James Bond movie?	Oh, yes . You?	Yes . What did you think of it?	I thought it was better than the others-I really liked it . What did you think of it?	Yes, I liked it, too . It was exciting, but not over the top . Do you know what I mean?	Mmm . That's what I thought too . I really liked the car chase, and the opening credit sequence was very exciting . And I always enjoy watching Pierce Brosnan .	Oh, yes . He's brilliant . Did you like the title song?	Not as much as last time, actually . What's the name of the American actor who was in the supporting role?
rep-0254	Did you get Bean's ten different good luck forwards, like that one from the Dalai Lama?	Yeah, I deleted all that superstitious crap . What a waste of bandwidth!
rep-0255	Excuse me . How long has it been since the business was founded?	It has been 12 years since it was founded in 1998.
rep-0256	Morning , Peter . Nice suit ! A new one ?	Oh , yes . My wife bought it for me yesterday . Hmm , you look nice in that yellow dress . Yellow suits you really well .	Maybe . Several people have suggested that I get more yellow clothes . They say the color suits me because I have a fair complexion .	That's right . You know , pink , green and black could also be good for you . Actually , I think that all colors are okay for a person with your complexion . It's just that different colors can give people different impressions . For example , black could make you look mature , while pink could make you look young and energetic .	Thank you for your compliments . It sounds like you're a clothing expert .
rep-0257	What can I do for you , young man ?	I need to rent three pairs of skates for the morning .	What sizes do you need ?
rep-0258	David, I ’ m going to China .	Really? How did you get the chance?	You know . I took part in the Chinese contest . I was the best and they gave me this reward . I don ’ t have to pay for my trip.
rep-0259	I only want a little off the top and the sides and back to have clean lines .	Okay . Is your hair naturally curly or is it a perm ?
rep-0260	Hey , Blake ! Are you still listening to Mozart ?	Yes.Do you like it ?	It's great . and I ' Ve heard that listening to Mozart can make you more intelligent .	Really ? I've never heard that before . I just like it .	Is classical music your favorite ?	Yes . What about you ?	I Like pop music best . Classical music is a bit too heavy for me . I can't get fully relaxed in it .	Pop music doesn't have any depth for me .	Yeah , that's why I can enjoy myself in it .	Did you always like pop music .	I think so , since I was in primary school . How long have you been interested in classical music .	I didn't like it at all until I started to learn violin when I was eight . From then on . classical music has been an important part of my life .
rep-0261	Can you tell me the best way to look for an apartment ?
rep-0262	Hey Rachael, what's up? How is your day?	Not bad.We have had a big meeting today, remember?
rep-0263	This Olympic park is so big!	Yes . Now we are in the Olympic stadium, the center of this park .	Splendid! When is it gonna be finished?	The whole stadium is to be finished this June .	How many seats are there in the stand?	Oh, there are 5000 seats in total .	I didn ’ t know it would be so big!	It is! Look there, those are the tracks . And the jumping pit is over there.
rep-0264	Excuse me . Do you know where the Admiral Hotel is ?	That's over on Callaway Street , isn't it ?	Yes , but I can't find Callaway Street .
rep-0265	Why didn't you tell me you had a girlfriend?	Sorry, I thought you knew .	But you should tell me you were in love with her.
rep-0266	Hi . What's your name ?	My name is Jung Min . What's your name ?	My name is Jessica . It's nice to meet you .	Yes . It's nice to meet you too . Are you a new student too ?	No . I'm a sophomore . I take it you are a new student ?	Yeah . It's pretty exciting to be here .	Have fun while it lasts . The excitement wears off real quick . Especially after you see how much homework you get . Where are you from ?	I'm from Korea . My parents wanted me to go to an American university , so I came here .	I have never been to Korea . I've been to Japan before , but never Korea .	Why were you in Japan ?	My father thought it would be a good experience to take a vacation to a different country . He's so into learning about different cultures .	That's pretty cool .	I thought it would have been more fun if I went without my parents .
rep-0267	Let's have some lunch; do you know of a great restaurant somewhere?	Yes, I'm hungry . What types of food sound good?
rep-0268	I heard you've found a new job .	Yes , I'm now working in a company .
rep-0269	Hello?	Hi, Mr . Smith . This is Mary . Is Jenny there?	No, I ’ m afraid not, Mary . May I take a message for her?	Yes, please tell her that band practice has been moved to Tuesday night at eight thirty.
rep-0270	You've heard of Bruce Jenner, haven't you?
rep-0271	Please tell me how to file things according to the concerned rules .	Well, all right . There are four points you should keep in mind when you file documents, information and other things.
rep-0272	Nice day , isn't it ?	It sure is .	It's a good day for a picnic .
rep-0273	I'm looking for a string of pearls for my wife .	Yes, sir . What price range do you have in mind?
rep-0274	Hi , I think I was supposed to call for my test results today .	If you go onto our website and put in your password , you can access your test results .	Are you saying that there weren ’ t any problems ?	I will always have you come in for a discussion if there is a major problem .	Will I be able to read the results on the website and understand them ?	Yes , if you go there , you can see what each test is about .	How will I know what the numbers mean ?
rep-0275	How did you find your apartment?	You can check on the bulletin boards at school for local housing .	What if I need a roommate?
rep-0276	Hey, look, there is a circus show over there .	I'm not in the mood .	It's the circus .	I don't want to sit there and watch them torturing the animals .	Oh, come on, they give them treat too.Oh, look, that little monkey is so cute.
rep-0277	I'm really mad at Bob .	What for? (Why?)
rep-0278	Look, how grand magnificent the Tiananmen Gate tour is!	What's Tiananmen famous for?	It is largest pop square in the world.you see that is monument for the people's hero, and the Chairman Mao memorial hall on the south.there is great hall of the people on the west.there are two museums on the east.
rep-0279	Hello, this is Liu Juan speaking . Is that Mr . Brown?	No, this isn't.
rep-0280	What can I do for you today?	I have a question .	What do you need to know?	I need to take the driver's course . How many hours do I need?	It depends on what you're trying to do with the completion of the course.
rep-0281	Diane Grant? I haven't seen you for ages!	Brian! How have you been?	Pretty good . Say, you've really changed!
rep-0282	Look, here is a very special business card from an illustrator . Every time I go through my book of business cards, I will notice it . It is an eye-catching one .	Wow, fantastic . I like the font and color for his name . It is creative yet personal .	Yes, it is a bold design . People will believe he can make an illustration as an impressive as a business card . It just stands out from those plain and standard ones used by government people or other big private and public organizations .	I agree . Business cards are great tools for promoting personal business . It won ’ t take much time to design an amazing card, but it can make a big difference among the crowd . And you ’ ll always notice it from your collection . For they have outspoken colors, own design and the sizes are not always according the mainstream business card . I wish to have one like this . But for sure our company has its own corporate design which all employees have to follow.
rep-0283	are you a blogger?	sure I am . I've been writing a blog for almost three years .	oh, it seems that I'm the only one who never blogs . When did you get started?	I began blogging when I first went to the US for my graduate strides .	what do you usually write about?	at first, I'll write about my life there . Like interesting things on the campus, travel stories, special English words that I come across . Sometimes, I'll post my pictures on my blog so my family an	that's interesting . How often do you write a blog?	it's random . If there happen to be a lot of things going on, I may add several new entries in a week, and if I've got nothing to share, I may leave my blog untouched for weeks .	got it . Are you still updating your blog?	sure, since I came back from the US, I've been keeping the habit of blogging, simply to share my personal insights on any topic I like.
rep-0284	I prefer potatoes to eggplants .	I feel eggplants are more nutritious.
rep-0285	Could you change these for me , please ?	What would you like ?	Twenties and some smaller bills , please .	Anything else ?	Yes . Could you tell many balance ? Here's account number .
rep-0286	May I see your passport, please?	Certainly . Here it is .	You are here on business, I think?	That's right . A German company has invited me for business talks .	How long will you be staying?	Just two weeks .	How many pieces of baggage have you got?	Only one . In this case, I have a camera .	Do you intend to take it out on your departure?	Yes, I do .	According to the regulations, the camera you've brought along for personal use can be passed for the time being duty free, but you will have to take it out with you when you leave the country .	I will .	Well . Have a pleasant stay in Germany.
rep-0287	Honey, I have something important to say .	Something important?	Yes . I have just booked two tickets .	Tickets? What tickets?	Two air tickets .	Air tickets?	Yes . We will fly to Paris the day after tomorrow .	We? The day after tomorrow? What are you talking about?	Today is June 18, isn ’ t it?	Yes . So?	Think about it!	Then it is June 20 the day after tomorrow .	Yes . Think about it carefully.
rep-0288	Good afternoon , how may I help you ?	Hi , I'd like to order some flowers .	Who are they for ?	They're for my Wife . Her name is Samantha .	What kind of flowers would you like ?	I don't know . I don't know too much about flowers . Can you recommend something ?	OK . What's the reason you are sending her flowers ?	Today's her birthday and she told me she wants me to buy her flowers .	Do you know what kind of flowers she likes ?
rep-0289	Guess who I saw just now?	Who?	John Smith, the escaped criminal .	That bad egg, who took the low road since he was a boy .	I think I must report to the cops.
rep-0290	Jim? Jim?...What are you doing in the kitchen?	Nothing, Mummy . I was hungry so I came here for some milk .	Milk? I thought you didn't like milk .	I don't, but I couldn't find anything to eat in the refrigerator .	Nonsense . There's lots of food in the refrigerator...What's behind your back?	Nothing .	What are you hiding behind your back? Let me see.
rep-0291	It ’ s really terrible!	What are you talking about?	Don ’ t you see many parents are forcing there children ’ s hands to learn something they think important to their children . But the children are not interested in it at all.
rep-0292	Peter , how often do you exercise ?	Well , I swim and run every day .	Now , tell me , what do you eat ?	Well , I don't eat any meat , but I do eat fish and eggs .	Do you eat a lot of vegetables ?
rep-0293	How many cleaning ladies does your company hire?	We have two cleaning ladies . But both of them have received little education .	Most cleaning ladies are illiterate . But some of them do a very nice job .	But I actually dislike another lady . She is more capable and seems to have ideas of her own . But the trouble is she is a backseat driver with some of us . She would tell you what to do and where to put things.
rep-0294	Hey, how was the show?	Not great . It's a kind of boring .	Really? I heard it was supposed to be great.
rep-0295	How you celebrate your Valentine ’ s Day with your wife ?
rep-0296	Yesterday I had a quarrel with my roommate . I'm really fed up with all this .	Tell me what seems to be the problem .	My roommate always brings a lot of friends from off-campus . They stay in the room until midnight , singing and talking , drinking and playing cards while I have no place for study . I even don't have the quietness to sleep .
rep-0297	Hi . What's your name?	My name is Jung Min . What's your name?	My name is Jessica . It's nice to meet you .	Yes . It's nice to meet you too . Are you a new student too?	No . I'm a sophomore . I take it you are a new student?	Yeah . It's pretty exciting to be here .	Have fun while it lasts . The excitement wears off real quick . Especially after you see how much homework you get . Where are you from?	I'm from Korea . My parents wanted me to go to an American university, so I came here .	I have never been to Korea . I've been to Japan before, but never Korea.
rep-0298	So how did I do on my driving test ?	Do you want the truth ?
rep-0299	Hey, you look great! how's everything?	Yeah, you know what? I've been going to the club regularly . The training really pays off . Now I am in a good shape and I know more about how to keep fit .	Really? tell me about it . I haven't gone to the club for a long time . I am too busy with work .	It's important to do proper exercises .	You're right . Too much or too little won't do any good .	The trainer tells me, besides regular sports activities, I should also have a healthy and balanced diet .	Sounds reasonable .	We should eat more vegetables instead of junk food to stay energetic .	And fruits!	Surely it is . Getting enough sleep is also crucial for fitness .	I've heard that . Does your trainer tell you anything about keeping fit?	Yeah, he advises me to stay in a good mood . That can also help one to keep sound physical health.
rep-0300	Do you have maps of downtown area ?
rep-0301	Dave , there's something I want to talk to you about .	Zina , why are you whispering ?	I've been talking to WebTracker . I'm thinking of jumping ship .	What ? Are you serious ? You'd defect to our archrival ! ?	Keep your voice down . We'll talk more later . Right now I need to see Vince .	We definitely have to talk , Zina . And watch your back . Elvin is still mad about his nose .
rep-0302	Hello , Tom . Where are you heading for ?	I am going to a movie theater . You know there is a new action film produced by Hollywood . A thriller , really .	Another terror film ? There is too much terror and violence in the films . Do you like seeing such a picture ?
rep-0303	What's up ? You sound a little down in dumps .	I quarreled with my roommate last night . He is really stubborn .	Calm down ! Shouting won ’ t help ?	He is really outrageous .	What happened ?	I went back home last night . You know tired as a dog , so I took a quick shower and went to bed . I couldn't fall asleep , because Brian was there in the living room , playing his stupid stereo so loud . I kindly told him to turn that down a little bit . He shouted at me .	What ? He can't do this to you .	Well , he did it anyway . Then he came into my room and shot all his shit blah blah blah ... you know .	What did you do ?	I shouted it back of course .	Hold it , Mike . You won't accomplish anything by hollering at him , right ? You worked it all up till now . Why not wait until you cool down a bit ?	What would you do if you were in my shoes ?	Just stay cool . You know . When you get back home tonight , tell him that you didn't mean to quarrel with him .	No way , Kate . I mean it's just not my fault .
rep-0304	Mary seems depressed . What ’ s the matter ?	She didn ’ t expect to get a kick in the teeth after a day ’ s hard work .
rep-0305	Boy , it looks like everyone in your family is here , from young to old .	Easter's a good day for reunions . The family goes to church together .	And after church they come here for lunch ?	Yup , a big potluck buffet . And then-notice there are no children around ?	Yeah , what's up with that ?	The kids wait in the house while the grownups hide these . Hide away , Yi-jun !
rep-0306	You guys are charging me $ 10 for a movie that I never ordered or saw .	Let's see , sir . According to your file , you watched ' Titanic ' Monday evening .	Well , the wrong information is in my file . I was at a concert Monday night .	Well , your word overrules the file , sir . One moment , please .
rep-0307	Hi, I'm George . I'll be your waiter this evening . Are you ready to order or do you need a few more minutes?	I'm ready now . I'd like the roast chicken and a side order of corn .	And would you like an appetizer before your meal? The soup of the day is our delicious tomato soup .	I'll pass on the soup, but I'd like a garden salad .	Can I get you anything to drink?:	Yes, I'd like a glass of iced tea.
rep-0308	Good afternoon . I've brought the extra blanket you asked for .	Oh, thank you .	Is there anything I can do for you now?	Yes . I'm rather tired and want to go to bed early . Please make the bed .	Certainly, sir.
rep-0309	Good afternoon . I've brought the extra blanket you asked for .	Oh , thank you .	Is there anything I can do for you now ?	Yes . I'm rather tired and want to go to bed early . Please make the bed .
rep-0310	I find that you spend little on handset charge every month . Have you any trick?
rep-0311	Actually I have a passion for Chinese literature .	You do?	Yeah, those classics from the great writers .	But I find Japanese ones better.
rep-0312	Excuse me, is this seat taken?	I ’ m afraid this seat is taken .	Oh . is it . Thank you anyway.
rep-0313	Are you busy tomorrow morning?	I'm free . What's up?	Someone has to pick up the boss at the airport .	Oh, I just remembered I've got a report to write.
rep-0314	How about you and Tom ? What time is your wedding ?	Don ’ t be kidding , OK ?	What ’ s the matter ? So angry . I ’ m just playing a joke with you .	Because I have given him up as a bad job . Our relation has been over .
rep-0315	Marketing Manager ’ s Office . Can I help you ?
rep-0316	Good afternoon . what can I do for you?	I want to pick up my valuables .	May I have your key please?	Sure . Here you are .	Here is your valuable . Is that right?	Yes, thank you.
rep-0317	How do you feel about that restaurant?
rep-0318	Rock music really leaves me cold . What about you ?
rep-0319	Do you like cooking?	I love it . I really enjoy creating a meal from various ingredients and watching my friends enjoy it.It gives me a real sense of satisfaction.Do you enjoy cooking?	I don ’ t like it.It takes up too much time and I really hate having it clean up after the meal . I can ’ t stand doing the washing up, drying up and putting all the dishes and cutlery away.
rep-0320	Good morning . I ’ m from the New York book review . Could I ask you some questions about your latest book?	Sure . Take a seat...what would you like to know?	First, I ’ Ve heard that your latest book is based on a true story .	That ’ s correct . It ’ s a murder mystery based on actual murders that book place in Florida several years ago . The main character-the police invesigator-is based on the man who investigated the case .	How do you research your books?	I always visit the places that I use as setting for stories . Readers like things to be as factually correct as possible-even in fiction! I usually base my characters on people I have met . Most character are a mixture of the characters of two or more people .	I really like your books . I ’ Ve just finished this one . I read it from cover to cover in a single day . Congratulation on making the bestseller list yet again!	Thank you . Let met sign it for you...there you go .	Oh! Thank you very much . I heard that you are currently writing a collection of short stories . What are the stories about?	There ’ s a real mix of stories in the book . I haven ’ t finished all of them yet, though . Many of them are short detective stories, but there are also horror stories and sci-fi ones . If you give me your business card, I ’ ll make sure you get an advance copy to review.
rep-0321	What does your mother do, may I ask?	My mother works in a company as an accountant .	Is she busy?	Not always, she's rather busy at the end of the year.
rep-0322	They got a divorce at last .	It's inevitable . Their love wasbuilt on the sand, and this is why their marriage has landed on the rocks .	You said it . Love but on the sand will soon be on the rocks.
rep-0323	Hide me , Yi-jun ! The kids all think I'm the real Easter bunny !
rep-0324	Here you are . You left the medicine here .	Sorry . I was too worried .	I firmly believe that you love your brother very much .	Absolutely . By the way , do you sell any traditional Chinese medicine ?	Yes , we have some Chinese medicine for common cold .	I heard Chinese medicine has a better lasting effect in cure .
rep-0325	Hi, I think I was supposed to call for my test results today .	If you go onto our website and put in your password, you can access your test results .	Are you saying that there weren ’ t any problems?	I will always have you come in for a discussion if there is a major problem .	Will I be able to read the results on the website and understand them?	Yes, if you go there, you can see what each test is about.
rep-0326	Hello . Could you have a taxi pick me up before 10:00 a . m . ?	What is your address ?	I stay at No . 115 Fucking Road .	OK , a taxi will be there by 9:30 .	What are your rates ?
rep-0327	Excuse me, could you please show me the way to the human resource department?	Yeah, but have you made an appointment ahead?	Yes, of course . I am Monica . I have made an appointment with your HR manager .	Just a minute please . I ’ ll make a call to the HR office . Yes, they confirm your appointment . Please come in . it is on the 3rd floor, room 3106 . You can take the right elevator as the left on is in maintenance today.
rep-0328	So Dick, how about getting some coffee for tonight?	Coffee? I don ’ t honestly like that kind of stuff .	Come on, you can at least try a little, besides your cigarette .	What ’ s wrong with that? Cigarette is the thing I go crazy for .	Not for me, Dick.
rep-0329	Hey . Why did you take that money ? You are such a cheater ! I should send you to jail !	I am not cheating . When you pass go , you collect $ 200 , Everyone knows that !	Well you can ’ t just take the money . You have to ask the bank for money . And I ’ m the banker .
rep-0330	That's all the general information of our company . I think you already have good knowledge about our company .	Yes, I have an overall understanding .	When we have the final results, we will call you .	Then when will I get a reply at the latest?	If you pass the interview, the personnel department will inform you within two weeks .	But if I don't pass, will you call me?	I'm sorry we won't . You can wait for two weeks . If you don't get a telephone call, it means that you weren't successful .	Then do I have the chance to get this job?	I'm sorry but I can't make the final decision myself, and I have to discuss it with other interviewers.
rep-0331	I want a pair of sports shoes, Adidas .	What size do you want?	I wear size 40.
rep-0332	How would you like your hair set ?
rep-0333	hi , Mary ! What do you like to do in your spare time ?
rep-0334	Hey! What are you doing here?	I'm just shopping .	What are you shopping for?	Some new clothes . How about you?	Same here .	Have you found anything nice yet?	I found a few pairs of pants .	Where'd you get those?	I found them at JC Pennies .	Those are really cute.
rep-0335	Hey Stacy . What's going on?	I'm pretty tired these days .	Why? You're not working so don't you have a lot of time on your hands?	I have so much house work to do . I have to take care of the kids, cook, clean, laundry, and the cycle never ends .	How about your husband . Does he help much?	Not at all . He comes home and complains about his hard day at work . He expects me to do everything . He even wants me to feed him sometimes . Can you believe that?	That sucks .	If he wasn't so lazy, I think I wouldn't have any complaints . He mows the lawn, but can you believe he tried to convince me to do it?
rep-0336	Good afternoon, sir . Have you made a reservation?	I am afraid not . Are there any vacant tables?	I don't think so . You have to wait for about 10 minutes.
rep-0337	Wow, Amy, look at that number .	What's so great about it?
rep-0338	Can you speak Japanese?	Yes, I can, but not very well.
rep-0339	OK, everyone . Gather around . Here are the rules . No tackling . No pushing .	You shouldn't grab someone else's shirt . That's a foul .	Play is stopped when the person with the ball is touched .	You can touch them only between the shoulder and the knees .	The touchdown lines are there and there . OK, let's play!	Before we start, let's have a moment of silence for our fallen men.
rep-0340	Our benefits usually include medical insurance , public accumulation fund and allowances .	What are the allowances ?	If you go on a business trip , you will enjoy the allowance . It is 200 yuan per day .	Well , I see . And what about the vacation in our company ?
rep-0341	Are there any beds vacant?	Yes, what kind of room do you want?	I prefer one facing the sea . Besides, it should have a shower .	Sorry, right now we can only have you a room without shower.
rep-0342	Are you finished ?	Yes.May I have some more beer ?	Oh , sure . I'll be back in a minute.Thank you for waiting . Here it is.Did you enjoy your meal ?	Yes , the meal was very delicious and I enjoyed very much . I'm full .	Is that so ? I'm glad you enjoyed it .	By the way , Miss.Where is the toilet ?	Toilets are in the rear . I'm afraid all the toilets are fully occupied at the moment .
rep-0343	we really were lucky . We got the last available table for two---and we didn't even have a reservation! Did you see the long lines behind us?	yeah, I'm glad that we didn't have to wait long . I'm starving!	let's take a look at the menu so we can order . Do you want to choose an appetizer for us to share?	what would you rather have, samosas or poppadoms?	I heard that one of their specialities is the samosa .	well, let's get a plate of those then .	sounds good . What are you going to have for your main course?	I think I might have a dahl.
rep-0344	Hey man, you wannabuy some weed?	Some what?	Weed! You know? Pot, Ganja, Mary Jane some chronic!	Oh, umm, no thanks .	I also have blow if you prefer to do a few lines .	No, I am ok, really.
rep-0345	Is it your first time to join the sports meeting of Junior High School?	Yes, and it's great . What are the events at the sports meeting?
rep-0346	I need help using the washer and dryer .	Tell me what the problem is .	I can't figure out how to turn them on .	Do you have some quarters?	I didn't know I needed change .	The washer costs 50 cents and the dryer costs a dollar .	Where do I put the change?	The quarters go into the slot . You have to push the slot in, and the machine will turn on .	Is that everything that I have to do?
rep-0347	Come in, come in!	Hi, Gary, what happened? I was waiting for you at the theater . Why didn ’ t you meet me there?	I thought we were supposed to meet here .	Don ’ t you know our movie starts at seven? And we were going to meet at the theater at five to seven . Then it doesn ’ t make sense to meet at the apartment .	I ’ m sorry . We must have misunderstood each other.
rep-0348	Do you know that the dolphin is the most intelligent animal in the world?	Yes . Dolphins have a big brain and they are very smart . They are also the fastest swimmers in the world.
rep-0349	Have you ever shopped online ?	Quite often . It is very convenient , saving me a lot of time .	Do you have some experiences to share with me ? I want to have a try .	You are asking the right person . Here are two very important tips . First , you need to visit no more than one site to find the best products and prices . I can recommend you some online merchants . Second , write your mail address correctly . Otherwise , you can ’ t receive your delivery in time .
rep-0350	How ’ s it going?	I ’ m fine . Thank you.
rep-0351	I see Mike farmer has make it into the Olympic team . He beat the national record by 0.1 of a second .	That ’ s great . He ’ s the best runner I ’ Ve seen this season . I ’ m sure he ’ ll win a medal at the Olympics .	I think you ’ re right . I think we have a very good athletics team . They should do well in the Olympics . How many medals do you think we ’ ll win ?
rep-0352	What can I help you with ?	May I ask you something ?	What's your question ?
rep-0353	I'm very sorry, sir . My car has broken down .	Sorry to hear that . Can we do anything about it?
rep-0354	My dear , what's for supper ?	Red cooked carp and rape with fresh mushrooms .	What about soup ?	Sour-peppery soup .	Which condiment do you use for ?	I'll use ginger , garlic scallion , hot pepper and vinegar .
rep-0355	I have some great news! I was able to switch to the night shift!	I knew everything would work out for you!
rep-0356	John, my father isn't there at all . Are you kidding?
rep-0357	Do you have any hobbies?	Yes, I like collecting things .	Oh, that ’ s interesting, and but what kind of things?
rep-0358	What can I do for you today ?	I have a question .	What do you need to know ?	I need to take the driver's course . How many hours do I need ?
rep-0359	It ’ s so great to be here! I ’ m so excited to help you and my daughter with your new home!	We ’ re glad that you ’ re here . Would you like a tour of the house?	That ’ d be great, but could I have a cup of tea first?	Sure, I ’ ll just go put the kettle on . Why don ’ t you have a seat on the sofa and I ’ ll go take care of things in the kitchen .	That would be lovely, thanks .	Do you take milk or sugar with your tea?	I ’ ll take a little milk, but no sugar, please . Make sure you let the tea steep a few minutes before you take the tea bag out of the cup.
rep-0360	I really need to start eating healthier .	I have to start eating better too .	What kind of food do you usually eat?	I try my best to eat only fruits, vegetables, and chicken.
rep-0361	Hello.Is Bob there , please ?	Hold on a second please . I'm sorry . He has gone out .	Oh.This is Paul.When will he be back ?	He will be back at about seven o'clock .	Can I leave a message please ?	Yes , certainly .	Please tell him I'll call him at the office tomorrow afternoon .
rep-0362	Ella, it's been such a long week . I'm ready to go out and party . Hey, let's go out for a night on the town .	Gosh, you took all the word right out of my mouth . Let's go out and get crazy tonight .	Let's go to the new club on West Street .	Sure, but what do I wear?	You can wear that pretty red dress.
rep-0363	What's the matter with you , then ? You look miserable .
rep-0364	May I see your ticket and passport , PLS ?	Sure , here they are .	Any luggage ?	Just this suitcase .	Your backpack is very big and today's flight is quite full . I am afraid that you will have to check your backpack too .	No problem . What about this carry-on ?	You can take that with you .	Can I have an aisle seat , PLS .	No problem . I'll give you an aisle seat in the center row . And here is your ticket , passport and boarding pass . Please board the plane at Gate 15 .
rep-0365	The boss announces the pay raise today , right ? How much do you think we'll get ?
rep-0366	Here is the fish counter . Look at the lobsters and crabs . Shall we have some?
rep-0367	Did you already take the history exam?	Yeah . It was hard . When do you take it?	I take it tomorrow morning . There is so much material that I dont know what to emphasize on . What types of questions did you get?	Mostly on the civil war . You should also study the impact Martin Luther King Jr . had on American society.
rep-0368	Have you seen the new James Bond movie?	Oh, yes . You?	Yes . What did you think of it?	I thought it was better than the others-I really liked it . What did you think of it?
rep-0369	You're really fit , Paul . Do you exercise very much ?	Well , I almost always get up very early , and I lift weights for an hour .
rep-0370	What can I help you with?	May I ask you something?	What's your question?	How many hours behind the wheel do I need?	What do you need to take it for?	I'm trying to get my license .	You need six hours.
rep-0371	Has your company been affected much by government legislation?	Yes, we have . We've had to clean up our production process a lot to meet tough government standards.
rep-0372	How many cleaning ladies does your company hire ?
rep-0373	I have a cell phone in my car . Now it's probably on the floor on the passenger side.Why don't you get it for me , and then I can call the police ?	Alright .	It doesn't work . It looks like it's broken . I need to get to a hospital . You should drive me there .	Oh , yeah ? It's better if we make a police report first . Then you can go to the hospital .	Damn it ! I'm injured here . We could wait all day for the police .	Well , you'll just have to wait . I'm not going to move my car until the police arrive . I'll go into one of those houses over there and use their phone . Don't worry . You'll get to the hospital in time .
rep-0374	Is there anything wrong?	I ’ m worried about my daughter . She can ’ t decide about college .	Don ’ t worry . That ’ s just a part of being a teenager .	I don ’ t mind that . But she disagrees with me about everything .	You should encourage her to make up her mind by herself . You shouldn ’ t affect her decision .	But I just want to give her some tips .	Oh, she can make her own decisions .	I guess you are right .	Believe me . Everything will be ok.
rep-0375	Hello?	Hi, Mr . Smith . This is Mary . Is Jenny there?
rep-0376	Look at this newspaper article about this famous local medium . It says that she is really gifted and so popular now , that she is booked solid with appointments for the next twelve months !
rep-0377	Good morning . What's the matter with you?	Good morning, doctor . I have a terrible headache .	All right, young man . Tell me how it got started .	Yesterday I had a runny nose . Now my nose is stuffed up . I have a sore throat . And I ’ m afraid I've got a temperature . I feel terrible .	Don't worry, young man . Lat me give you an examination . First let me take a look at your throat . Open your mouth and say'ah' .	Ah .	Your throat is inflamed . And your tongue is heavily coated . You have all the symptoms of influenza.
rep-0378	Excuse me, could you help me pick out a lotion?	Sure, what is the problem?	I got poison oak while hiking, and I need something to help me with the itching.
rep-0379	I'd like to invite you to dinner tonight , do you think have time ?	Thank you for your inition . I'm free tonight .	Which kind of food do you like , chinese food , western food or sea food ?	I prefer sea food .	ok . I'll pick up your hotel at 6 thirty pm .
rep-0380	Would you check the engine, please? It is knocking .	Sure . Do you want to have the car washed?
rep-0381	Excuse me , could you please show me the way to the human resource department ?	Yeah , but have you made an appointment ahead ?	Yes , of course . I am Monica . I have made an appointment with your HR manager .	Just a minute please . I ’ ll make a call to the HR office . Yes , they confirm your appointment . Please come in . it is on the 3rd floor , room 3106 . You can take the right elevator as the left on is in maintenance today .
rep-0382	I only want a little off the top and the sides and back to have clean lines .	Okay . Is your hair naturally curly or is it a perm?	It's natural . My friend told me you know how to work with curls.
rep-0383	I have a stomachache .	Well, you'd better lie down now . You need a good rest.
rep-0384	Look , here is a very special business card from an illustrator . Every time I go through my book of business cards , I will notice it . It is an eye-catching one .	Wow , fantastic . I like the font and color for his name . It is creative yet personal .	Yes , it is a bold design . People will believe he can make an illustration as an impressive as a business card . It just stands out from those plain and standard ones used by government people or other big private and public organizations .
rep-0385	Do you have maps of downtown area?	Yes, here you are .	How much is it?
rep-0386	This position demands a higher writing ability, so please say something about your writing ability .	Of course . I've loved writing since I was a very little boy . I won the first prize in a national composition contest when I was in middle school . After attending Nanjing University, I never give up writing . My works, such as Father's Tobacco Pipe, Open Air Cinema, The old City were respectively published China Youth Daily, Yangzi Evening News, and New Beijing . During the period of studying for my degrees of master and doctor, I paid more attention to developing my research ability and published several papers . The Impact of Internet in Chinese Political Participation, The Discipline of Remold, The Historical Direction of Chinese Administration Reform, Bribery Cases of Self governance in Chinese Villages are respectively published in Chinese Publish Administration, Beijing Due Xuebao, Theory and Society and Chinese Reform . I joined in Yangzi Evening News to work as a part-time journalist in 2006 . During this period, I've written a lot of comments, which improved my writing ability to a new level, I have full confidence in my writing ability, and I believe I can do the job well.
rep-0387	Allan , I am really disappointed by your lack of effort on this project .	Look , Sally . I ’ Ve put just as much work into this as anybody else .	No , I ’ m sorry . I disagree . I don ’ t think you ’ Ve been working at full speed at all .
rep-0388	Do you know Sally ?	Sally . She is a bachelor girl . She is an excellent designer . Many of the company's advertisements are her child trains .	Why is she still single ? She must have a face that would stop clock .	Oh , quite the other way round . She is a knock-out . She devotes much of her time to her career .
rep-0389	It seems that nobody in your class likes Paul.
rep-0390	I prefer potatoes to eggplants .	I feel eggplants are more nutritious .	But as a matter of fact , potatoes taste better .
rep-0391	Hello , Mr . Black , how are you ?	Fine , thank you , and how are you ?	Very well , thank you . It's nice to meet you again . I am awfully sorry for not being able to meet you at the airport , as I was busy yesterday . I do hope you had a very enjoyable trip from New York .	Yes , a very pleasant journey indeed . Thank you .	How are you getting along with your business ?	Not bad . The fur market is not very brisk lately , but the selling season is advancing near . I hope there will be more buyers in the market this year .	I hope we can do more business together . Though we are satisfied with our past trade record , there are still possibilities for more business . In the meantime , let's discuss other spheres of cooperation , such as investment , technology transfer and technical assistance .
rep-0392	What do you need today?	I need to take a few classes .	What kind of classes would you like to take?	How about a driver's course?	Okay, you're going to need to make an appointment .	I don't understand why I need to make an appointment.
rep-0393	Leo ! I wanted to tell you thanks for all your hard work on the budget . We ’ re having a get-together after work tonight at Carl ’ s Karaoke Club to celebrate having finished it . We ’ d love to see
rep-0394	What can I show you?	Do you have this shirt in a small?
rep-0395	Look, that bamboo groves are flourishing . Let's go and play there.
rep-0396	how long will it take us to drive to London?	I think it ’ s a distance of 180 kilometers from here to London, so it should be a two-hour drive on the motorway .	that ’ s unless there is a traffic jam . It could take three hours .	you ’ re right . We will be able to travel at high speeds at the beginning and end of the journey, because we will be in built-up areas.
rep-0397	Good morning , may I speak with Professor Clark , please ?	You are speaking with Professor Clark .	Professor , I am Kalina from your morning literature class .	Yes , how can I help you ?	I ran my car into a tree yesterday and need to miss a few days of school .	Oh , my God ! I hope you are all right .	I have a concussion , but I will be OK .
rep-0398	Believe it or not , tea is the most popular beverage in the world after water .	Well , people from Asia to Europe all enjoy tea .	Right . And China is the homeland of tea .	Yes , Chinese people love drinking tea so much . Some even claim they can't live without tea .
rep-0399	Over here is our gym . We have all the latest equipment .	But I haven't used exercising equipment before . Can you tell us some more details ?	Certainly . We have here the race apparatus , stationary bike , muscle builder set , chest expander , bar bell , dumb bell and so on .
rep-0400	Say , what's your favorite sport ?
rep-0401	Hello! Tomorrow I'm going to need a wake-up call .	Not a problem . What time shall we call you?	I always hit the snooze button, so give me two calls, one at 7 and another at 7 fifteen .	It'll be our pleasure . We'll call you at 7 and then at 7 fifteen.
rep-0402	The bartender just gave the last call . Let's order another round , okay ?	Sure , but let's get a pitcher this time We should be able to down it before they close .	That sounds good . You order the beer while I go to the bathroom . Where is the can in this place ?	It's all the way to the back . See that yellow door ?	Yeah . I think I can find it .	You're back already . That sure was quick .	That's because I just took one step inside and turned right around . That bathroom is too gross for me .
rep-0403	Do you have any hobbies ?	Yes , I like collecting things .	Oh , that ’ s interesting , and but what kind of things ?	Several things , for example , Very coins , stamps , stones and so on .	Stones ? I know many people collecting coins and stamps but stones ?	Yes , stones .
rep-0404	May I see your ticket and passport, PLS?
rep-0405	How about another beer ?
rep-0406	Valerie! Hi! Wow how are you? It ’ s been such a long time!	Darlene! Indeed, it ’ s been a while! How have you been? Wow, you look amazing! I love what you ’ Ve done with your hair!	Really? Thanks! I went to that hair salon that you told me about, but enough about me! Look at you! You haven ’ t aged a day since the last time I saw you! What is your secret!	Ha ha, come on! Well, I ’ Ve been watching what I eat, and working out three times a week . By the way, I heard your son recently graduated!	Yes, my little Paul is finally a doctor . They grow up so fast you know .	He is such a handsome guy . He gets his looks from his mother of course!	Thank you! What about your daughter, Pamela? I heard she has passed the bar exam and married recently.
rep-0407	Sorry . I didn't mean to be late . Can I come in?	What's your excuse this time?	Have I used the one that my sister is sick?
rep-0408	Have you seen the new James Bond movie?	Oh, yes . You?	Yes . What did you think of it?	I thought it was better than the others-I really liked it . What did you think of it?	Yes, I liked it, too . It was exciting, but not over the top . Do you know what I mean?	Mmm . That's what I thought too . I really liked the car chase, and the opening credit sequence was very exciting . And I always enjoy watching Pierce Brosnan .	Oh, yes . He's brilliant . Did you like the title song?
rep-0409	I need something to wash this down . Is there any juice in the fridge ?	What is that ? It looks like something from a swamp !
rep-0410	Excuse me , I ordered the well-done steak , but this one is so tough .
rep-0411	Hello, Bessie .	Hello, Jack.Happy birthday!	My birthday? I forgot it, Thank you for remembering my birthday .	I'd like to offer you my congratulations on your birthday and best wishes for your future happiness, good health and continued success . I've asked the Fairy Flowers to send you a bunch of flowers . I hope you'll like them .	Thanks a lot . I'm so touched .	Now let me sing "Happy birthday "for you .	Thank you very much.
rep-0412	I ’ m pretty sure that Jim will turn out to be a good lawyer .
rep-0413	Excuse me . How long has it been since the business was founded ?	It has been 12 years since it was founded in 1998 .	So , it has a history for more than a decade ?	Yes . And it was incorporated with other businesses in 2008 due to the global financial crisis .
rep-0414	Hello , Parker . How ’ s everything ?	Can ’ t complain . And you ?	Business is booming . I understand you want to meet up with me next week . How ’ s your schedule looking ?
rep-0415	How many pieces of luggage would you like to check in, sir?
rep-0416	I do want to meet with you and take a look at your catalogue . We ’ re redecorating and are going to add some things .	Well , I ’ ll be glad to help you out . I can come out anytime on Tuesday or Thursday of next week .	Let ’ s put it down for 1:15 on Thursday . We ’ ll definitely need some new filing cabinets and at least one desk unit .
rep-0417	Would you check the engine , please ? It is knocking .
rep-0418	I want to see the man responsible for selling typewriters .
rep-0419	Can you help me plan the office party?	Sure . What do you need the most help with, the food or entertainment?	I need help with food.
rep-0420	Hello, Mr . Black, how are you?	Fine, thank you, and how are you?	Very well, thank you . It's nice to meet you again . I am awfully sorry for not being able to meet you at the airport, as I was busy yesterday . I do hope you had a very enjoyable trip from New York .	Yes, a very pleasant journey indeed . Thank you .	How are you getting along with your business?	Not bad . The fur market is not very brisk lately, but the selling season is advancing near . I hope there will be more buyers in the market this year.
rep-0421	Abby Park Hotel . Can I help you?	Yes, I would like to book a room for my wife and myself .	Certainly sir . Could I have your arrival and departure dates?	We will be arriving on Tuesday next week and staying for two days .	We have a double room for you with a nice view of the park . Would that be OK?	Yes, that would be great . How much is the room?	It is ninety-five pounds per night . It is a double room with a bathroom . There is a fridge, coffee maker and a television in the room .	Does the bathroom have a bath or a shower?	All our bathrooms have full size baths with a shower attachment .	Does the room have an Internet connection?	Yes, all our rooms have complimentary wireless Internet .	Excellent . Do you serve breakfast in the hotel?	Yes, breakfast is included in the price . Our guests have the choice of a full English breakfast or a continental breakfast.
rep-0422	Good morning . May I help you?	Yes, I'd like to check out now . My name's Adams, room 312 . Here's the key .	One moment, please, sir ....Here's your bill . Would you like to check and see if the amount is correct?	What's the 14 pounds for?	That's for the phone calls you made from your room .	Can I pay with traveller's cheques?	Certainly . May I have your passport, please?	Here you are .	Could you sign each cheque here for me?	Sure .	Here are your receipt and your change, sir . Thank you.
rep-0423	Good morning . I ’ m from the New York book review . Could I ask you some questions about your latest book ?	Sure . Take a seat ... what would you like to know ?	First , I ’ Ve heard that your latest book is based on a true story .	That ’ s correct . It ’ s a murder mystery based on actual murders that book place in Florida several years ago . The main character-the police invesigator-is based on the man who investigated the case .	How do you research your books ?	I always visit the places that I use as setting for stories . Readers like things to be as factually correct as possible-even in fiction ! I usually base my characters on people I have met . Most character are a mixture of the characters of two or more people .
rep-0424	Hi, Jack, how have you been?	Not very well .	Why? Looks like you're feeling very down! What happened?	Nothing .	Come on . For a man who's feeling so, down, there're usually two reasons . Either his career is going downhill, or he has a broken heart . Since you're so successful, it must be the latter .	Well, you're right . I just broke up with Jane .	Oh, I'm sorry . I thought you two were made for each ocher .	Well, you never know . I'm ready for a commitment and want to settle down, but she says she wants to pursue her career while she's still young.
rep-0425	It's too hot to read .	We'd better go out for a walk .	Which season do you like best ?	Spring .	How about summer ?	I dislike it most .	Why ?	Because the hottest season is summer in a year .
rep-0426	Do you like cooking ?	I love it . I really enjoy creating a meal from various ingredients and watching my friends enjoy it.It gives me a real sense of satisfaction.Do you enjoy cooking ?
rep-0427	Oh, hi, Jessica, are you going to see this movie too?	I'd love to, the movies are smash hit .	Then let's go in .	I can't . I'm waiting for Paul, but he's late.
rep-0428	Excuse me . I bought this shirt yesterday, but I would like to refund it .	Gave me the receipt, please .	Here is my receipt .	What's wrong with it?	It's too small for me to wear.
rep-0429	Have you seen the new James Bond movie ?	Oh , yes . You ?	Yes . What did you think of it ?	I thought it was better than the others-I really liked it . What did you think of it ?	Yes , I liked it , too . It was exciting , but not over the top . Do you know what I mean ?	Mmm . That's what I thought too . I really liked the car chase , and the opening credit sequence was very exciting . And I always enjoy watching Pierce Brosnan .
rep-0430	Well, known, Jim, I'm...I'm pretty much in favour of your computers, I think computers teach kids to think, because they require logical thoughts.
rep-0431	Ah , here we are .	This is the place I was telling you about .	Would you like to sit near the window ?	Good .	Let's have a look at the menu . Oh , there isn't a menu . Do you think you could ask the people at the next table if we could look at their menu ?
rep-0432	how long will it take us to drive to London ?	I think it ’ s a distance of 180 kilometers from here to London , so it should be a two-hour drive on the motorway .	that ’ s unless there is a traffic jam . It could take three hours .	you ’ re right . We will be able to travel at high speeds at the beginning and end of the journey , because we will be in built-up areas .	so , shall we allow three hours to cover the distance ?	ok . You haven ’ t seen my company car , have you ?	no . let me take a look ... it ’ s longer than my car .
rep-0433	Let me tell you some more . The interest is settled on the 20th of the last month in each quarter , It's paid quarterly . Of course it also needs to be settled if you cancel the account .	Miao Ping , in your opinion , should we go for the Type A or Type B Account ?
rep-0434	John, my father isn't there at all . Are you kidding?	Cool, fellow, what's the date today, buddy?
rep-0435	Here you are . You left the medicine here .
rep-0436	Good morning . Can I help you?	Good morning . I ’ m here to see Rochelle Davis, the Human Resources Manager .	Do you have an appointment with her?	Yes, I do . I have a 10:00 appointment with her this morning.
rep-0437	Reservation , can I help you ?	Yes , I would like to reserve a room for next Monday .	Wait a moment , please . Let me check it .	By the way , I want a large room .
rep-0438	Honey , I have something important to say .	Something important ?	Yes . I have just booked two tickets .	Tickets ? What tickets ?
rep-0439	How was your business trip?	Great - they wined and dined us all week.
rep-0440	Hello , are you Chinese ?	No , I'm Korean . Where are you from ?	I'm from America . Are you settling in all right ?	I've already found a flat and it's quite comfortable . What about you ?	I live in my uncle's house . He came here ten years ago .
rep-0441	Room service .	Good morning . This is room 113 . I'd like some breakfast , please .	Right . Excuse me . Mrs . Jones ?	That's right .	What can I do for you ?	I'd like some grapefruit juice , marmalade , two scrambled eggs with two sausages , toast , and a pot of black coffee , please . How long will it take ?
rep-0442	I do want to meet with you and take a look at your catalogue . We ’ re redecorating and are going to add some things .
rep-0443	Hello , Mrs.White ! I'm Anne .
rep-0444	Excuse me . Do you have the time?	My watch is a few minutes fast . It's about six forty, I think.
rep-0445	May I help you , ma'ma ?	Please , where do I catch the plane for New York ?	First you must check in at Counter No . 4 .	That one there ?	That's right . Then you will follow the signs to Gate 85 .
rep-0446	Come in, come in, what can I do for you?	Professor Donald, are you giving your advanced geology course again next semester?	Yes, I am applying on it .	I wonder if I could enroll in it . I know it is a graduate course and I' m a junior, but...	Aren't you a bit young? I have a lot of qualified seniors to take the course and they usually have a hard time keeping up .	I know, but geology of the American west is my major interest and I have done a large reading in the field.
rep-0447	I will take it . How much?	$60 .	I am sure you can do better than that .	Sorry, sir . It's the sale price .	Well, what about $70 with a scarf?
rep-0448	The stepmother was very wicked . She couldn't stand a happy smile on the boy's face .	And ?	And she did her best to pull out the thorn in her flesh and the boy lost whatever made him happy .	Poor child !
rep-0449	Hey! What are you doing here?	I'm just shopping .	What are you shopping for?	Some new clothes . How about you?	Same here .	Have you found anything nice yet?
rep-0450	Hey . Why did you take that money? You are such a cheater! I should send you to jail!	I am not cheating . When you pass go, you collect $200, Everyone knows that!	Well you can ’ t just take the money . You have to ask the bank for money . And I ’ m the banker.
rep-0451	I have to check out today . I'd like my bill ready by 10 this morning.
rep-0452	Hey, May, look, Is that the the poster of the movie we saw yesterday?	Yes, that's right . That's the poster of the The Witch .	May, I really regret watching it with you last night .	Did it scare you?	Of course not . I just thought the movie was...boring .	Boring? Come on, you clutched to my arm all the time .	Well, I admit . The ghosts were scary .	I like scary movies .	That's Gucci's influence . I love science fiction movies!
rep-0453	Hello ! How do I get more amenities ?	I'm sorry , sir . I'm not sure I understand .	I'm talking about the free stuff , like soap and shampoo .	Oh , I see . So , you're saying that you've already run out of your amenities .	No , no . I've got plenty left .	Now I'm confused again ! What is the problem ?	What am I going to do about souvenirs ?	Oh , I get it ! You want souvenirs !	Yes , I've got enough soap for my use , but no extra soap for souvenirs .	Sir , our souvenir shop carries all those items , and as a guest you get a discount .
rep-0454	I went to the tutoring service centre on campus today . And I got a job .	Congratulation . What will you do ?	They got me a part-time tutoring job , teaching an Australian businessman Chinese .	That's wonderful . I want to get a part-time job too . Tell me what I should do .	It's very simple actually . You can go to the service centre and have your name and job interest resisted . They will give you a call if any job comes up .
rep-0455	Shall we share a taxi?
rep-0456	There's plenty left . Would you like another helping ?
rep-0457	I hate doing the damn laundry .
rep-0458	Is there anything wrong ?	I ’ m worried about my daughter . She can ’ t decide about college .	Don ’ t worry . That ’ s just a part of being a teenager .	I don ’ t mind that . But she disagrees with me about everything .	You should encourage her to make up her mind by herself . You shouldn ’ t affect her decision .	But I just want to give her some tips .	Oh , she can make her own decisions .
rep-0459	Have you any round-neck sweater?	Yes . Actually our range of sweaters is the most comprehensive available .	Can I try this one on?	Sure, go ahead .	The color is too bright.For my age, I would prefer a lighter color.
rep-0460	Could you please tell me how I can go job-hunting in the web?	Generally speaking, job seekers can enter the websites either of job agencies or of some units for job advertisements .	How should I contact them?
rep-0461	Welcome to the company . We are conducting a survey of new employees to find out what influenced them to choose our company .	That's easy . It was your office ergonomics that decided me .	You're kidding ! Something as simple as that ?	Yes . It is very important to me . My mother worked in offices for twenty years , and she finally had carpal tunnel syndrome . I have been reading about repetitive stress injuries , and I know that t
rep-0462	Good afternoon, how may I help you?	Hi, I'd like to order some flowers .	Who are they for?	They're for my Wife . Her name is Samantha.
rep-0463	Good morning . I ’ m from the New York book review . Could I ask you some questions about your latest book ?	Sure . Take a seat ... what would you like to know ?	First , I ’ Ve heard that your latest book is based on a true story .	That ’ s correct . It ’ s a murder mystery based on actual murders that book place in Florida several years ago . The main character-the police invesigator-is based on the man who investigated the case .	How do you research your books ?	I always visit the places that I use as setting for stories . Readers like things to be as factually correct as possible-even in fiction ! I usually base my characters on people I have met . Most character are a mixture of the characters of two or more people .	I really like your books . I ’ Ve just finished this one . I read it from cover to cover in a single day . Congratulation on making the bestseller list yet again !	Thank you . Let met sign it for you ... there you go .	Oh ! Thank you very much . I heard that you are currently writing a collection of short stories . What are the stories about ?	There ’ s a real mix of stories in the book . I haven ’ t finished all of them yet , though . Many of them are short detective stories , but there are also horror stories and sci-fi ones . If you give me your business card , I ’ ll make sure you get an advance copy to review .
rep-0464	Do you know Sally ?	Sally . She is a bachelor girl . She is an excellent designer . Many of the company's advertisements are her child trains .	Why is she still single ? She must have a face that would stop clock .	Oh , quite the other way round . She is a knock-out . She devotes much of her time to her career .
rep-0465	Hello.Is Bob there, please?	Hold on a second please . I'm sorry . He has gone out .	Oh.This is Paul.When will he be back?	He will be back at about seven o'clock .	Can I leave a message please?	Yes, certainly .	Please tell him I'll call him at the office tomorrow afternoon.
rep-0466	I have a cell phone in my car . Now it's probably on the floor on the passenger side.Why don't you get it for me , and then I can call the police ?	Alright .	It doesn't work . It looks like it's broken . I need to get to a hospital . You should drive me there .	Oh , yeah ? It's better if we make a police report first . Then you can go to the hospital .	Damn it ! I'm injured here . We could wait all day for the police .
rep-0467	Hello, Tom . Where are you heading for?	I am going to a movie theater . You know there is a new action film produced by Hollywood . A thriller, really.
rep-0468	what did you do last night?	I just stayed at home and watched TV.
rep-0469	Hello , Daisy , how are you doing ?	Fine , thank you . I haven ’ t seen you for quite some time . What have you been up to recently ?	I have been spending a lot of time watching movies at home , so you wouldn't have seen me . Recently , I've been obsessed with horror films .	Oh , how can you be infatuated with horror films ? They're so scary .	Yeah , you are right I used to not watch horror films , but after seeing Silence of the Lamb with Mike last month , I fell in love with them .
rep-0470	I really need to start eating healthier .	I have to start eating better too .	What kind of food do you usually eat?	I try my best to eat only fruits, vegetables, and chicken .	Is that really all that you eat?	That's basically it .	How do you stick to only those foods?
rep-0471	I'm too tired now . I've already worked for 12 hours overtime!	God! Don't you think they should get you an assistant?	Yes, they were supposed to, but so far nobody's turned up, and I have to do the work alone . This is the first break I've had all day.
rep-0472	Excuse me . Do you know where the Admiral Hotel is?	That's over on Callaway Street, isn't it?	Yes, but I can't find Callaway Street .	Walk that way for about four blocks . The hotel's about two blocks north of there.
rep-0473	Look, that bamboo groves are flourishing . Let's go and play there .	Wait! Look at that board, what's on it? ' Please don't enter the bamboo groves .' We're not allowed to go in.
rep-0474	What ’ s the Mountaineering Club doing this weekend?	We are going to climb a cliff on the Colorado River .	How hard is the climb?	It is a very difficult climb because there are not many places to put your hands and feet .	What did you do last week?	We rappelled down the side of 300 - foot cliff . It was very exciting .	Wow! That sounds like a lot of fun . I ’ m sorry I missed it .	Well, you should come this weekend . I think you could do the climb .	Yeah, I will . See you then!
rep-0475	Hi . What's your name ?	My name is Jung Min . What's your name ?	My name is Jessica . It's nice to meet you .	Yes . It's nice to meet you too . Are you a new student too ?	No . I'm a sophomore . I take it you are a new student ?	Yeah . It's pretty exciting to be here .	Have fun while it lasts . The excitement wears off real quick . Especially after you see how much homework you get . Where are you from ?	I'm from Korea . My parents wanted me to go to an American university , so I came here .	I have never been to Korea . I've been to Japan before , but never Korea .	Why were you in Japan ?	My father thought it would be a good experience to take a vacation to a different country . He's so into learning about different cultures .	That's pretty cool .	I thought it would have been more fun if I went without my parents .	Well , if you ever want to visit Korea , I would be happy to show you around .	Thanks for the offer . I'll keep that in mind . Oh , the professor is coming . We'll talk more after class .
rep-0476	I'm very sorry , sir . My car has broken down .	Sorry to hear that . Can we do anything about it ?	I'm afraid not .	Then I have to call another taxi , or I'll be late .
rep-0477	Hello ?	Hi , Mr . Smith . This is Mary . Is Jenny there ?	No , I ’ m afraid not , Mary . May I take a message for her ?	Yes , please tell her that band practice has been moved to Tuesday night at eight thirty .
rep-0478	Guess who I saw just now ?	Who ?	John Smith , the escaped criminal .	That bad egg , who took the low road since he was a boy .
rep-0479	How do you celebrate national day in your country ?	There are parades in many cities and people fly the national flags from almost every public building .
rep-0480	Could you tell me if you have ever taken a class from Dr . Miller ?	Yes . Are you going to be taking a class from him ?	Yes , but I have never taken his class before .	He is very interesting and challenging . Is that what you are looking for ?	Yes , that's what I need .	He is really clear on what you need to learn to get a good grade . Are you willing to study hard ?	Yes , I guess so .	What I really liked about him is that he was an understanding and friendly teacher . Do you enjoy that in a teacher ?
rep-0481	I give up! I simply can't learn French!	Why do you say that? I think you're making a lot of progress .	No, I'm not . I try and try and I still can't speak it very well.
rep-0482	Excuse me, sir.Is there a barber near here?	Yes, the nearest one is at the third cross of this road .	I'm a stranger here.How can I get there, please?
rep-0483	Every time when heroes came back from the battlefield , we took our hats off to them .	You were showing respect and admiration for them .	I wish I were a hero .
rep-0484	Wow , Amy , look at that number .	What's so great about it ?	What do you mean ? It's a scrim .	Not to me , I wouldn't be caught dead in that .	I love that kind of stuff .
rep-0485	Now please tell me something about your past work achievements .	All right, madam . When I was sales manager at the Beijing Friendship Store . I succeeded in raising the yearly sales volume by 25% and profit margins from 50% to 80%.
rep-0486	I ’ m afraid I spoke in all of the table clock .	Never mind about that .	I ’ m terribly sorry , Won ’ t you let me pay for ?
rep-0487	Boy, it looks like everyone in your family is here, from young to old .	Easter's a good day for reunions . The family goes to church together .	And after church they come here for lunch?	Yup, a big potluck buffet . And then-notice there are no children around?	Yeah, what's up with that?	The kids wait in the house while the grownups hide these . Hide away, Yi-jun!
rep-0488	It's getting late . I really have to go.
rep-0489	Hello, are you Chinese?	No, I'm Korean . Where are you from?
rep-0490	Are you busy tomorrow morning ?	I'm free . What's up ?	Someone has to pick up the boss at the airport .	Oh , I just remembered I've got a report to write .
rep-0491	Can I get my dress today?
rep-0492	Joe , how are you doing ?	I am great ! How about you , Mary ? How are you ?	I am doing great ! Thank you for asking , Joe .	I was wondering if you want to go see a movie with me tonight ?	I need to stay home tonight and finish my term paper .
rep-0493	Tom , is Jenny crying ?	Can you take he away from me ?	I ’ m just coming for that .	She kept bothering me .	She ’ s your sister . What she asked was only duck soup for you . Why can ’ t you be good to her ?
rep-0494	Ella , it's been such a long week . I'm ready to go out and party . Hey , let's go out for a night on the town .
rep-0495	Hi , Dan . What's new ?	Where have you been ? I've been trying to get in touch with you for two days .	I went to Salt Lake City on business . What's up ?	I got fired .	How come ? Last time I saw you . You told me it was a good job , and you'd like to take it as a career . That was only one month ago . Why this sudden change ?
rep-0496	How long will you stay in New York ?	Just tor three days . I won't need these luggages.CouId I put them here ?	I am sorry . If you have here more than 24 hours between connecting flights , we can't check your luggage through London .
rep-0497	Excuse me, may I help you?	Would you please fill some gas for me?	Sure . Which kind of gas do you want?
rep-0498	Hello ?	Hi , Mr . Smith . This is Mary . Is Jenny there ?	No , I ’ m afraid not , Mary . May I take a message for her ?
rep-0499	I had a big argument with david yesterday . I hope he ’ s not still mad at me .
rep-0500	Hey, Blake! Are you still listening to Mozart?
rep-0501	I ’ m glad you could find time to meet with me , Mr . Johnson . I can ’ t think of a nicer environment for our meeting today , the ambiance here is lovely !	No problem , if possible I always combine business with pleasure . Now , let ’ s hear more about these chocolates you ’ re offering .	Well , as you know , I have recently become the sole distributor for Grangers Gourmet Bon-bons here in the United States . They ’ re a new manufacturer and are looking to break into the luxury market . Naturally , your restaurant sprang into my mind immediately . I think your brand exemplifies many of the same traits as Grangers and serving these chocolates would really add to your reputation for providing elegant , luxurious , first class dining .	Mmmm , sounds interesting ... gourmet chocolates , where are they produced ? Belgium ?	Actually , the factory is located in Scotland .	Really ? I didn ’ t think they were known for their luxury chocolate production	That ’ s what makes this such a fantastic opportunity ! The government is one hundred percent supportive of creating new export markets and has guaranteed a low tariff for all wholesale orders of over one thousand units . They ’ Ve also reduced the red tape involved at customs as well . Here , I brought these especially for you , try one !	Oh , thanks . Mmm , hmm , creamy texture , very smooth ...	Unique , aren ’ t they ? I bet you ’ Ve never tasted anything like it ! Quality is assured as I personally visit the factory to make sure no one ’ s cutting corners with the ingredients . Only the creme make it through inspection .	Yes , very interesting flavors ... Slightly spicy , very unique , that ’ s for sure . Exactly what ARE the ingredients ?	I have it on highest authority that this traditional secret recipe has been handed down in the Granger family for generations . I ’ m sure you can keep a secret . Buttermilk , cacao beans , sugar and Haggis .	Haggis ? What ’ s Haggis ?	It ’ s a traditional Scottish delicacy , you take sheep ’ s liver , heart and lung and stuff it inside of the sheep ’ s stomach .
rep-0502	Come on, you are left behind!	Wow, I can't catch my breath . You are running too fast, honey .	You just need more exercise .	Yes, but you need to slow down . This is jogging, not racing!	I don't care . I want to burn up my fat .	But running so fast is not good for people over forties .	Why?	We are not as athletic as we were when young . Mild exercise is more suitable for us.
rep-0503	It ’ s so great to be here ! I ’ m so excited to help you and my daughter with your new home !	We ’ re glad that you ’ re here . Would you like a tour of the house ?	That ’ d be great , but could I have a cup of tea first ?	Sure , I ’ ll just go put the kettle on . Why don ’ t you have a seat on the sofa and I ’ ll go take care of things in the kitchen .	That would be lovely , thanks .	Do you take milk or sugar with your tea ?	I ’ ll take a little milk , but no sugar , please . Make sure you let the tea steep a few minutes before you take the tea bag out of the cup .	Ok . What do you think about our living room ?	Well , I do like the mantelpiece and the coffee table , but I don ’ t really care for curtains . Did you get them at a yard sale ? They look ancient .	My parents gave them to us as a house warming gift .	Oh dear . Well , I suppose they will do for now . do you ever dust in here ? It seems a bit dusty in here .	Your daughter usually does the dusting , and I do the vacuuming .	I see . Well , I can help with the chores while I ’ m here . You two could probably use my help .
rep-0504	I hate doing the damn laundry.
rep-0505	I do want to meet with you and take a look at your catalogue . We ’ re redecorating and are going to add some things.
rep-0506	Hey ! What are you doing here ?	I'm just shopping .	What are you shopping for ?	Some new clothes . How about you ?	Same here .	Have you found anything nice yet ?	I found a few pairs of pants .	Where'd you get those ?	I found them at JC Pennies .
rep-0507	Can you tell me the best way to look for an apartment?	The local newspaper has ads for housing .	Is there any way to find a roommate to share an apartment with?	Sometimes you can post an advertisement saying that you need a roommate .	What do landlords charge for rent?	Would you like an apartment for just yourself, or do you need it for two people?	There are two of us, but we only need a one-bedroom apartment .	You should be able to easily find that for twelve hundred dollars a month.
rep-0508	Good evening . What'll you have?	I'd like a beer . What kind of beer do you have?	Draft beer and cans beer . Which do you prefer?	A draft beer please .	OK . Here you are .	Could I have some fruit?
rep-0509	I hear you are expecting your family .	Yes, my parents, and soon my brother as well .	I didn't know you had a brother .	Oh, yes, he is two years older than me . He lives in New Zealand so I don't see him that often .	Oh, nice . Is he coming on his own or with the family?	His son is coming as well . He wants to go to university here in England so they will visit a few universities while they are here .	Does your brother have just one son?	No, he has two daughters as well . His wife and daughters are visiting her parents . So I won't see them .	I'm sure your parents are looking forward to seeing their grandson .	Oh yes, they are really looking forward to it . They went to New Zealand last year and loved it.
rep-0510	I wonder what he looks like . Oh , I can't wait to see him ! His email said he'd be wearing a white hat . ( looking around for him ) oh , there is .	Hey , Isabelle ...	Logan ! Why on earth are you hiding here ? White hat ! Come on ! Don't tell me you're the guy ! It can't be true .
rep-0511	I'm looking for a good multivitamin . Can you recommend one?	Yes . Come with me to the vitamin section .	I knew there would be a few choices, but this selection is huge!	You're looking for a multi though, right?	That's right . Just a simple multi-vitamin that I can take every day .	Okay . Then I recommend this one . It's made especially for men about your age .	Oh! You took the guesswork right out of that one.
rep-0512	I'm looking for a good multivitamin . Can you recommend one ?	Yes . Come with me to the vitamin section .	I knew there would be a few choices , but this selection is huge !	You're looking for a multi though , right ?	That's right . Just a simple multi-vitamin that I can take every day .	Okay . Then I recommend this one . It's made especially for men about your age .	Oh ! You took the guesswork right out of that one .
rep-0513	Yes , madam ? Can I help you ?	Oh , yes , please . But you are just closing , aren't you ?	Well , yes , we are , madam . The shop shuts down in five minutes .	I shall not keep you long then . It was about some saucepans you had in your window last week .	Last week , madam ? I really can't remember which ones you mean . What were they like ?	Oh , they were lovely . Sort of imitation wood , dark brown color , country-style you know , and the lids , if I remember rightly , they had a sort of leaf pattern , or was it flowers ?	That's strange . I don't recognize any of the ones we had from that description . Are you sure they were in this shop ?	Oh , you must know the ones I mean . They were on sale , a real bargain . Reduced to a quarter of the original price . I couldn't believe my eyes when I saw them .	I am afraid the sales are over now , madam . And you know we all sold out of the saucepans .	I don't think you did , you know . My neighbor told me she saw some here only yesterday .	Well , it's all new stock in the window now .	May I just have a look , to see if there is anything else ?	Eh , well , madam , as you know we are closing .	Yes , yes , I am sorry I won't keep you . It must get on your nerves when customers come in right at closing time . But they were such beautiful saucepans . I ’ d have bought them if I had made up my mind on the spot .	Perhaps madam , if you come back tomorrow , I could show you the whole range of kitchen ware . And there are still one or two things at the sale price .	Oh , look ! That was the one there . That is the sort of thing I was looking for . But it's not quite the color .	That might be the artificial lighting , madam . Of course , if you could come back in daylight , you might find it ’ s exactly what you are looking for .
rep-0514	Ella , it's been such a long week . I'm ready to go out and party . Hey , let's go out for a night on the town .
rep-0515	I have a cell phone in my car . Now it's probably on the floor on the passenger side.Why don't you get it for me, and then I can call the police?
rep-0516	My friend Jean is very beautiful .	What's her figure ?	Perfect , and I like her charming eyes too .
rep-0517	Look , that bamboo groves are flourishing . Let's go and play there .	Wait ! Look at that board , what's on it ?	' Please don't enter the bamboo groves . ' We're not allowed to go in .
rep-0518	I was just watching a documentary on TV about how people use dogs for various purpose . It was very interesting .	I love dogs . They have been used as guards for centuries . Nowadays, they are often used to find illegal drugs and bombs by the police and customs officers .	The documentary also pointed out that they are used by shepherds to round up sheep and by rescue workers to find people trapped under rubble or snow .	Horses are useful to people too . We use them for sports and recreation .	Don ’ t forget that horses are still used in many countries to pull ploughs and carts .	Can you ride a horse?	Yes, I can . I don ’ t ride regularly though . How about you?	I can ride too . Perhaps we could go horse riding together at the weekend?
rep-0519	Sorry . I didn't mean to be late . Can I come in ?	What's your excuse this time ?	Have I used the one that my sister is sick ?	Yes , twice last week .	Are you sure ? I thought I said it was my mother .	I don't think so . But it could've been .	Well . You can trust me this time . My sister is definitely sick . I'm just coming from the hospital . They say she might even die .
rep-0520	That way they look longer .	Now what are you doing?	Putting on mascara .	Nasty . You'd better not rub your eyes .	I won't .	And you'd better not cry or you'll have black streaks running down your face.
rep-0521	I only want a little off the top and the sides and back to have clean lines .
rep-0522	Excuse me , is this seat taken ?	I ’ m afraid this seat is taken .	Oh . is it . Thank you anyway .	You ’ re welcome . Why don ’ t you ask the conductor when he comes by ?
rep-0523	Do you really have to work today?	Yes . I'm afraid so .	But you'll miss out on the football game.
rep-0524	I have some great news ! I was able to switch to the night shift !
rep-0525	Hi , Helen ! how is it going ?	I'm very busy these days . It seems I can never finish my work .	Well , take it easy ! Don't let it get on top of you .	I'll try . I'm under a lot of pressure right now .	Why don't you take a few days off ?	I can't . I am really behind of my work .
rep-0526	What courses did you take in college?	I took a lot of courses, such as Philosophy, Logic, Ethics, Aesthetics, etc .	Which course did you like best?
rep-0527	Good evening, ma'am . Table for one?	Yes, please .	Will this table be all right?	Actually, I'd like a booth by the window if that's possible .	Certainly . How about this one?	This will be fine, thanks .	(Handing her a menu) Your waiter will be here in a minute to take your order.
rep-0528	How long will you stay in New York?	Just tor three days . I won't need these luggages.CouId I put them here?	I am sorry . If you have here more than 24 hours between connecting flights, we can't check your luggage through London.
rep-0529	Where's the toilet?	Over there.
rep-0530	Here is the fish counter . Look at the lobsters and crabs . Shall we have some ?	I'm allergic to these things , you know .	Sorry , I forgot . I don ’ t like seafood , neither .	Let ’ s go over there and get some milk , a couple dozen eggs and some orange juice .	Let's get frozen juice . It is really good . We ’ Ve got enough food . Let ’ s go over to the check-out stand .	OK . But just let me pick up a bottle of cooking wine and oil as we go by .
rep-0531	Good morning, sir . Sorry to disturb you . May I make up the room now?	Yes, please . We're on our way out, so we put the' make up' sign on . Could you bring us some towels and hangers?
rep-0532	You're from New York, aren't you?	Yes, that's right .	What do you suggest I should see in New York?	Well, how about the Museum of Modern Art?	No, I don't like museums . They're boring .	Why don't you go to see the Empire State Building?
rep-0533	Hello, Sir . So, you are back?	Yes, hello again . I would like to know the exact difference between Dividend Deposit and Dividend Participated Deposit .	That's pretty easy to explain . With the Deposit, the interest is fixed, but the Dividend of each policy will be transferred automatically into your bank account by the end of each year . The longer the term, the higher the Dividend you earn . This is because it is calculated at the Compound Interest Rate .	And I can purchase that here?	Yes . And if you already have a Current Account with us, the Insurance Premium can be paid through it, which saves all of us a lot of hassle.
rep-0534	Hello , Parker . How ’ s everything ?	Can ’ t complain . And you ?	Business is booming . I understand you want to meet up with me next week . How ’ s your schedule looking ?
rep-0535	What is life ?	Don't ask such a question . You know it has no certain answer . Everyone knows it is in his heart .
rep-0536	I should tell you that I'm checking out in about 30 minutes .	I'm ready when you are, sir .	Very good! Now, it's still morning here in New York .	You are so right, sir . The clock just struck nine.
rep-0537	Sorry, stewardess . Where shall I put my bags?	You can place the smaller one in the overhead bin and put the bigger one under the seat in front of you.
rep-0538	Well, known, Jim, I'm...I'm pretty much in favour of your computers, I think computers teach kids to think, because they require logical thoughts .	But I...I don't agree with thatbecause computers weaken kids'ability to thinkbecause kids don't learn basic skills .	What do you mean?
rep-0539	Do you have something to read ?	Yes , I do .	Could you lend me one ?	OK . Here you are .	Thanks . It's rather cold this morning , wouldn't you say ?	You're right .	Do you know the news ?
rep-0540	How much is the rent ?	The rent is $ 1500 per month .	And how much is the deposit ?	The deposit is $ 500 .
rep-0541	May I see your passport, please?	Certainly . Here it is .	You are here on business, I think?	That's right . A German company has invited me for business talks .	How long will you be staying?	Just two weeks .	How many pieces of baggage have you got?	Only one . In this case, I have a camera .	Do you intend to take it out on your departure?	Yes, I do .	According to the regulations, the camera you've brought along for personal use can be passed for the time being duty free, but you will have to take it out with you when you leave the country.
rep-0542	Have you adapted to the lifestyle in China?	Yeah, almost . But there is one thing .	What?	I still wonder what privacy meant for Chinese people . I don't mean to say that there's no privacy in China, but...	What is it?	Some of my Chinese colleagues just share their personal stories in front of others .	That makes you feel uncomfortable?	Yeah . we never do that in a public office .	Perhaps that's because we hold different ideas about privacy .	I have felt that . One day when i was in a queue, reading a newspaper story, the man behind me peered through my shoulder and stared at the newspaper I was holding .	Well, that's not rare . I've seen people reading at others' newspaper while taking a metro or a bus.
rep-0543	How did you find your apartment ?
rep-0544	You are an early bird, Tom . What do you do in the morning then?	Exercise . The morning hours are the most precious period within a single day . We should not pass them up easily . Seize the time and do something useful .	So, you choose to spend it on bodybuilding . Where do you exercise?	Usually, I run to the Black Bamboo Park as a warm-up . Admission is free . Then I start my activities .	Do you do the same exercises every day?
rep-0545	Hey, Tom, did you enjoy your lunch?	Oh, don't mention it . It was terrible .	What' the matter?	The food station was as crowded as usual . I waited for 20 minutes for my sandwich, and when I finally got it the chicken was underdone .	I see . You simply can't blame the server for this .	Yes, I know . Fast food is so popular in this district .	That's true .	Anyway, how was your such, Catherine?	It was good . I brought lunch from home today .	You did? I thought you must feel right at home here as we get as many fast food restaurants as you do in America .	Well, I personally don't like them because I don't believe that they are healthy.
rep-0546	Has your company been affected much by government legislation ?	Yes , we have . We've had to clean up our production process a lot to meet tough government standards .	What about your use of raw materials ?	Well , we've had to cut down the amount of solvents we use and we ’ re not allowed to use lead in our products any more .
rep-0547	I prefer potatoes to eggplants .	I feel eggplants are more nutritious .	But as a matter of fact, potatoes taste better .	Oh, that's how you see it.
rep-0548	I should tell you that I'm checking out in about 30 minutes .	I'm ready when you are, sir .	Very good! Now, it's still morning here in New York .	You are so right, sir . The clock just struck nine .	I'm going to spend some time exploring the city . What can I do with my luggage?	Sir, right here we have a storage site . Its only $5 an hour, but you need to leave a deposit .	A deposit? Isn't my luggage a deposit?	I'm sorry, sir, but it isn't . Your MasterCard or VISA will take care of things nicely.
rep-0549	Whew! I had to wait for almost an hour to get to the front of the line .	You have much patience .	Wow! Your calligraphy is very beautiful . It was worth the wait!	Thank you . Today I'm writing a kind of poem called a Chinese couplet.
rep-0550	I only want a little off the top and the sides and back to have clean lines .
rep-0551	I prefer potatoes to eggplants .	I feel eggplants are more nutritious .	But as a matter of fact , potatoes taste better .
rep-0552	Do you have something to read?	Yes, I do.
rep-0553	Hi , I made a reservation for a mid-size vehicle . The name is Jimmy Fox .	I ’ m sorry , we have no mid-size available at the moment .	I don ’ t understand , I made a reservation , do you have my reservation ?	Yes , we do , unfortunately we ran out of cars .	But the reservation keeps the car here . That ’ s why you have the reservation .	I know why we have reservations .	I don ’ t think you do.If you did , I ’ d have a car.See , you know how to take the reservation , you just don ’ t know how to hold the reservation and that ’ s really the most important part of the reservation , the holding . Anybody can just take them .
rep-0554	Hi , Monica , how is everything going ?	Everything goes well , but I am thinking about quitting my current job .	Why ? You ’ re not satisfied anymore ?	I just sense . But I cannot grow anymore . My boss is not really supporting me . I am interested in some positions in other JV companies , but I need to do some more in-depth research before I send my application letters out .
rep-0555	Hey, could you help me try and figure out how to get ready for my job interview?	The most important thing to do is to make sure you know the company and what services or products it provides . Do you know all about them?	Yes, I pretty much understand the company .	Well, after you've done your research, you have to decide whether the company is casual or formal . Have you decided what they are yet?	Yes, I've been observing them.
rep-0556	I'm sorry , our appointment has to be changed .	What a pity !	If you don't mind , may we put it off to the next day ?
rep-0557	Hello, take a seat please . Let's get straight to the point . This is our contract . Please read it carefully before signing .	Since we have reached an agreement on all terms, there shouldn't be any problems for the contract .	May we once more remind you that the contract should be canceled by one month notice .	Yes, I got it . Thanks.
rep-0558	I want to see the man responsible for selling typewriters .	My name is Steven . I'm the Sales Manager of this company .	Well, look here . Ten new typewriters were delivered to my company yesterday afternoon and only five of them work properly .	Oh, I'm sorry about that .	Never mind being sorry, what are you going to do about it?
rep-0559	For the 100th anniversary of the opening of the library we are going to have a party .	That's a wonderful way to celebrate this grand old library !	I hoped you would be willing to brainstorm with me for party ideas .	That is right up my alley . You say party and I'm there .	Perfect . It will be open to the public and we anticipate roughly about five to seven hundred people .	Will it be an all day event ?
rep-0560	I often recalled the days when Tom and I were madly in love.
rep-0561	It is too bad today .	What happened ?	My som was lost . I told him to stand rooted to the spot when I went shopping , but he ignored it .
rep-0562	Excuse me, waiter, I would like to have some wine before the main course.
rep-0563	Who's it knocking at the door?	I think it's the postman.Will you go and open the door?	All right . I'll get it.
rep-0564	Valerie ! Hi ! Wow how are you ? It ’ s been such a long time !	Darlene ! Indeed , it ’ s been a while ! How have you been ? Wow , you look amazing ! I love what you ’ Ve done with your hair !	Really ? Thanks ! I went to that hair salon that you told me about , but enough about me ! Look at you ! You haven ’ t aged a day since the last time I saw you ! What is your secret !	Ha ha , come on ! Well , I ’ Ve been watching what I eat , and working out three times a week . By the way , I heard your son recently graduated !	Yes , my little Paul is finally a doctor . They grow up so fast you know .	He is such a handsome guy . He gets his looks from his mother of course !
rep-0565	Can you give me more details on what is included in the package ?	Sure . The coach leaves at 6:30 a . m . , in front of our office . The drive takes eight hours , with two stops to see some sights .
rep-0566	Sorry . I didn't mean to be late . Can I come in?	What's your excuse this time?	Have I used the one that my sister is sick?	Yes, twice last week .	Are you sure? I thought I said it was my mother .	I don't think so . But it could've been .	Well . You can trust me this time . My sister is definitely sick . I'm just coming from the hospital . They say she might even die .	I don't buy your story . Try not to have any more sick relatives this week, all right?	I'll do my best .	Just try to be a little more punctual in the future.
rep-0567	Do you know Sally ?	Sally . She is a bachelor girl . She is an excellent designer . Many of the company's advertisements are her child trains .	Why is she still single ? She must have a face that would stop clock .	Oh , quite the other way round . She is a knock-out . She devotes much of her time to her career .
rep-0568	Ms . Wang, this is Mr . Cooper, president of Ivy Publishing .	It's nice to meet you, Mr . Cooper .	Nice to meet you, Ms . Wang . You must be exhausted after your long trip from Canada .	Yes, it was quite a long flight . I'm glad to finally be here.
rep-0569	Hello, Bessie .	Hello, Jack.Happy birthday!	My birthday? I forgot it, Thank you for remembering my birthday.
rep-0570	Good morning, may I speak with Professor Clark, please?	You are speaking with Professor Clark .	Professor, I am Kalina from your morning literature class .	Yes, how can I help you?	I ran my car into a tree yesterday and need to miss a few days of school .	Oh, my God! I hope you are all right .	I have a concussion, but I will be OK .	How much school will you miss?	I only need to take this week off .	I appreciate you calling and telling me that you won ’ t be in class . See you next week!
rep-0571	The Phoenix team overpowered its counterpart 86 to 50 .	They're absolutely right to get a replacement for 21 .	If the Phoenix beats the Rocket , it will enter the final .
rep-0572	Hi , I'm George . I'll be your waiter this evening . Are you ready to order or do you need a few more minutes ?	I'm ready now . I'd like the roast chicken and a side order of corn .	And would you like an appetizer before your meal ? The soup of the day is our delicious tomato soup .
rep-0573	Hello . This is Mrs . Wilson . I'd like to buy a new car . Could you offer me a new type of the car, please?	Oh, Madam, buy what?	A new car . And I've got a small family, two children, and I haven't got a lot of money and...	Oh, oh, Madam, Madam, I'm afraid you have the wrong number.
rep-0574	I have a cell phone in my car . Now it's probably on the floor on the passenger side.Why don't you get it for me, and then I can call the police?	Alright .	It doesn't work . It looks like it's broken . I need to get to a hospital . You should drive me there.
rep-0575	I have just received your note which informs me that you have offered the accountant position to another candidate . May I ask why I was defeated?	We have thought of you carefully with discretion, but the other candidate has more experiences.
rep-0576	Jeff, look at this listing! It says there is a cozy studio apartment for rent, and it's only $700 per month . What do you think?	Well I think I can afford that apartment . But are pets allowed?	Hmm...let me look . Yes, it says it's a pet-friendly building .	That's great . That means I can bring my cat, Mr . Twinkles . Where is the apartment located?	It says it's located in the suburbs.
rep-0577	what did you do last night?	I just stayed at home and watched TV .	did you watch the Barcelona versus Madrid game?	yes, it was a very evenly matched game.
rep-0578	There's plenty left . Would you like another helping?	I'd like to have some more . It's really good.
rep-0579	Where to, ma'am?
rep-0580	I hate computer games .	Why? They are fine .	Because they are too violent . Some of them are even disgusting .	Indeed there are bad games . But many of them are good.
rep-0581	It's said that John's broken up .	Really? But his wife has always waited on him hand and foot .	I hear that John's leading a double wife .	It's very bad of him to cheat on a lady like his wife.
rep-0582	What does your mother do , may I ask ?	My mother works in a company as an accountant .
rep-0583	Have you any round-neck sweater?
rep-0584	are you a blogger ?	sure I am . I've been writing a blog for almost three years .	oh , it seems that I'm the only one who never blogs . When did you get started ?	I began blogging when I first went to the US for my graduate strides .	what do you usually write about ?	at first , I'll write about my life there . Like interesting things on the campus , travel stories , special English words that I come across . Sometimes , I'll post my pictures on my blog so my family an	that's interesting . How often do you write a blog ?
rep-0585	What's the matter with you, then? You look miserable .	It's us .	What do you mean by "us "?	Well, we used to talk to each other before we were married . Remember?	What do you mean? We' re talking now, aren't we?
rep-0586	Hi, Dan . What's new?	Where have you been? I've been trying to get in touch with you for two days .	I went to Salt Lake City on business . What's up?	I got fired .	How come? Last time I saw you . You told me it was a good job, and you'd like to take it as a career . That was only one month ago . Why this sudden change?	It's a long story . In a word, I didn't do a good job of it . I messed up a business deal, a deal that would have made ten million dollars and I messed it up .	What are you going to do now?	I am trying to find a job asap . Lily doesn't know yet . I didn't tell her . I spent the past three days at the coffee shop next to your office, and she thought I went to work as usual.
rep-0587	Look , that bamboo groves are flourishing . Let's go and play there .	Wait ! Look at that board , what's on it ?	' Please don't enter the bamboo groves . ' We're not allowed to go in .
rep-0588	Yes , madam ? Can I help you ?	Oh , yes , please . But you are just closing , aren't you ?	Well , yes , we are , madam . The shop shuts down in five minutes .	I shall not keep you long then . It was about some saucepans you had in your window last week .	Last week , madam ? I really can't remember which ones you mean . What were they like ?	Oh , they were lovely . Sort of imitation wood , dark brown color , country-style you know , and the lids , if I remember rightly , they had a sort of leaf pattern , or was it flowers ?	That's strange . I don't recognize any of the ones we had from that description . Are you sure they were in this shop ?	Oh , you must know the ones I mean . They were on sale , a real bargain . Reduced to a quarter of the original price . I couldn't believe my eyes when I saw them .	I am afraid the sales are over now , madam . And you know we all sold out of the saucepans .	I don't think you did , you know . My neighbor told me she saw some here only yesterday .	Well , it's all new stock in the window now .	May I just have a look , to see if there is anything else ?	Eh , well , madam , as you know we are closing .	Yes , yes , I am sorry I won't keep you . It must get on your nerves when customers come in right at closing time . But they were such beautiful saucepans . I ’ d have bought them if I had made up my mind on the spot .
rep-0589	My granny is such a kind-hearted person . She is willing to help .	She does have a heart of gold.
rep-0590	I ’ Ve had it! I ’ m done working for a company that is taking me nowhere!	So what are you gonna do? Just quit?	That ’ s exactly what I am going to do! I ’ Ve decided to create my own company! I ’ m going to write up a business plan, get some investors and start working for myself!	Have you ever written up a business plan before?	Well, no, it can ’ t be that hard! I mean, all you have to do is explain your business, how you are going to do things and that ’ s it, right?	You couldn ’ t be more wrong! A well written business plan will include an executive summary which highlights the idea of the business in two pages or less . Then you need to describe your company with information such as what type of legal structure it has, history, etc .	Well, that seems easy enough .	Wait, there ’ s more! Then you need to introduce and describe your goods or services . What they are and how they are different from competitors ’? Then comes the hard part, a market analysis . You need to investigate and analyze hundreds of variables! You need to take into consideration socioeconomic factors from GDP per capita to how many children on average the population has! All this information is useful so that you can move on to your strategy and implementation stage, where you will describe in detail how you will actually execute your idea.
rep-0591	What are the factors that have great impact on the perspective of this corporation?	External factors . I think the main external factors are political, economic, social and technological factors .	What are the internal factors that influence the company?	The internal factors are composed of human resources, team spirit, innovation spirit and coordination between different departments, etc.
rep-0592	I was just watching a documentary on TV about how people use dogs for various purpose . It was very interesting .
rep-0593	Do you consider yourself a good mother ?	Yes , I'm a very good mother and successful career woman .
rep-0594	Are you busy tomorrow morning ?	I'm free . What's up ?	Someone has to pick up the boss at the airport .	Oh , I just remembered I've got a report to write .
rep-0595	Do you consider yourself a good mother?	Yes, I'm a very good mother and successful career woman .	How can you manage to do both? I mean, it is so hard to be a working mother .	I think the most important thing is that you should be nice to yourself, like keeping housework simple, spending money on things that make life easier, buying yourself things you like, and so on . You can only be nice to others when you can be nice to yourself.
rep-0596	Why don't you sit down and relax , darling ?	I don't want to .	Well , come over and talk to me then .	Certainly not .	May I turn on the TV then ?	Turn on the TV for what ?	So that we can sit down together and listen to some music .	Listen to the music ? And who will cook dinner , will you ?
rep-0597	Why don't you watch where you're going ?	Me ? You're the one who pulled out in front of me !	There was plenty of room for me to pull out.You didn't have to stay in the lane you were in .
rep-0598	Did you watch the final last night ? My favorite singer won !	Oh , I love him too . He not only sings well but also shows perseverance when he encounters difficulties in the contest .	Yeah , he got booted after his initial performance in the audition , but he did not give up . He then tried at another two auditions .	He had barely survived the third audition and finally got a chance to advance in the contest . Fortunately , in the third audition , he has won popularity among the audience . And that's when I started to notice him .
rep-0599	How do you arrange this summer vacation ?	I want to travel .	Where would you like to go ?	The seaside .	That's really a good idea . Taking a walk on the beach and lying in the sun are pretty good . I recommend you Qingdao or Dalian .
rep-0600	Ann, do you have time next Monday?	Yeah, what ’ s up?	Next Monday is my birthday, and I would like you to attend my party .	Wow . I'd love to .	Great!	When and where?	Five o ’ clock that afternoon, and in my place, you know?
rep-0601	Where's the toilet ?
rep-0602	Today I want to invite you to talk about insurance you ’ re interested in .	Thank you . I wonder whether I can enjoy the life insurance and health insurance .	Of course . A two-week paid vacation a year, a five-day workweek .	Good . Anything else?	Yes, all the insurance will be linked with your work . We will issue an insurance policy.
rep-0603	what did you do last night ?	I just stayed at home and watched TV .	did you watch the Barcelona versus Madrid game ?	yes , it was a very evenly matched game .	what were the results of the game ?	it ended in a tie .	what was the actual score ?	it was three all .	really ? I thought Barcelona was going to win . They are a much better team than Madrid .	if Barcelona had played as they normally do , they should have won .	what happened ?	their goalkeepers got injured after the first goal , but he kept on playing anyway .	that explains it .	how many more games are left this season ?	that was the last game before the playoffs .	when do the playoffs start ?
rep-0604	we really were lucky . We got the last available table for two---and we didn't even have a reservation ! Did you see the long lines behind us ?	yeah , I'm glad that we didn't have to wait long . I'm starving !	let's take a look at the menu so we can order . Do you want to choose an appetizer for us to share ?	what would you rather have , samosas or poppadoms ?	I heard that one of their specialities is the samosa .	well , let's get a plate of those then .	sounds good . What are you going to have for your main course ?	I think I might have a dahl .	what's in a dahl ?	it's got chickpeas and vegetables in a spicy curry sauce with rice .	that sounds nice . Do you want to share some kebabs as well ?
rep-0605	I find that you spend little on handset charge every month . Have you any trick ?	It's simple . You can use call transfer .	Is it so simple ?	Sure . You know , we spend most of our time at home or in the office every day , so I receive handset calls with the hand-free telephone , so I need pay little for receiving calls .	It's true .	Call transfer has many other advantages . When I am in places where network can't cover , such as the high building , I also use call transfer function , which transfers my calls to the hand-free telephone and I will not miss any call .
rep-0606	hi , Mary ! What do you like to do in your spare time ?	well , I spend a lot of time watching movies .	what a confidence ! I always watch a lot of movies , too .	oh really , Frank ? What kind of movies do you like ?	actually , I watch whichever movie there is , be it a comedy , a sci-fi or a suspense movie . How about you ?
rep-0607	Why don't you watch where you're going?
rep-0608	Good morning . what can I do for you ?	I'm looking for some earrings for my wife as a wedding anniversary gift .	You've come to the right store . We've got a beautiful and wide selection of earrings for you to choose from .
rep-0609	Good afternoon . Can I help you ?	I need some remedies for an upset stomach .	Are you also suffering from pain and fever ?	Yes , and I also have the runs	I'll give you some tablets that should make you feel better . One moment , please . Here you are . Take these tablets three times a day swallow them with water .	When should I take them ?	Take on after each meal .
rep-0610	I want to see the man responsible for selling typewriters .	My name is Steven . I'm the Sales Manager of this company .	Well, look here . Ten new typewriters were delivered to my company yesterday afternoon and only five of them work properly .	Oh, I'm sorry about that .	Never mind being sorry, what are you going to do about it?	Don't worry, we'll soon fix them .	Good, I hope you'll make sure that it won't happen again.
rep-0611	Hi, could we have two orange juice smoothies?
rep-0612	What's up ? You sound a little down in dumps .	I quarreled with my roommate last night . He is really stubborn .
rep-0613	I am sorry to trouble you again, Mr.Stone .	It's ok . What do you want to ask?	Where should I go after I arrived at the university?	The first place you should go is the International Center.
rep-0614	Good evening , ma'am . Table for one ?
rep-0615	I'm so glad I bought this watch !	Cool ! Flashy red lines !	I think this is the coolest watch I've ever owned .	Is it waterproof ?	Isn't that a silly question ? You know how much of an athlete I am .
rep-0616	I'm hungry .	So am I .	Where should we go eat today ?	How about we go eat in the cafeteria ?	I never bought food from the cafeteria .	You haven't ? They have a lot of good stuff .	What do they have ?	They sell everything .	Well , I want Chinese food .
rep-0617	For the 100th anniversary of the opening of the library we are going to have a party .	That's a wonderful way to celebrate this grand old library!	I hoped you would be willing to brainstorm with me for party ideas .	That is right up my alley . You say party and I'm there.
rep-0618	I'd like to speak Dr.Johnson.
rep-0619	Good evening . Welcome to Cherry's . Do you have a reservation?	No, we don't .	How many of you, please?
rep-0620	Hey man , you wanna buy some weed ?	Some what ?	Weed ! You know ? Pot , Ganja , Mary Jane some chronic !	Oh , umm , no thanks .	I also have blow if you prefer to do a few lines .
rep-0621	Have you seen the new James Bond movie ?	Oh , yes . You ?	Yes . What did you think of it ?	I thought it was better than the others-I really liked it . What did you think of it ?	Yes , I liked it , too . It was exciting , but not over the top . Do you know what I mean ?	Mmm . That's what I thought too . I really liked the car chase , and the opening credit sequence was very exciting . And I always enjoy watching Pierce Brosnan .
rep-0622	Mum , can I finish my homework later ?	Sorry . You know the rules .	But I want to watch TV now .	That ’ s out of the question .	Please .	Not a chance .	Not even for an hour ?
rep-0623	How smart of you to book the tickets before hand!	Oh, do you really think so?	Of course, otherwise you ’ ll just have to wait for hours.
rep-0624	Marketing Manager ’ s Office . Can I help you?
rep-0625	Oh , hi , Jessica , are you going to see this movie too ?	I'd love to , the movies are smash hit .	Then let's go in .	I can't . I'm waiting for Paul , but he's late .	I'll say the movie's starting in the minute .	I know . I wonder what's keeping him .	Looks like he won't show up . He's done this before , hasn't he ?	Yeah , a number of times .
rep-0626	May I see your passport , please ?	Certainly . Here it is .	You are here on business , I think ?	That's right . A German company has invited me for business talks .	How long will you be staying ?	Just two weeks .
rep-0627	Excuse me , may I help you ?	Would you please fill some gas for me ?
rep-0628	Honey, I ’ ll be right back!	Where are you going?	I told you already! I ’ m going to get my nails done .	Again? You just went last week! You spend more time at the nail salon than you do here at home! Honestly, why do you need a manicure every week?	Well, first of all, I like to pamper myself, and my nails look great . You should come with me!
rep-0629	Nani Book Store . How can I help you ?	Do you have the ' The man and the Sea ' by Ernest Hemingway ?
rep-0630	I wonder what he looks like . Oh, I can't wait to see him! His email said he'd be wearing a white hat . (looking around for him) oh, there is .	Hey, Isabelle...	Logan! Why on earth are you hiding here? White hat! Come on! Don't tell me you're the guy! It can't be true .	Yes, I am the guy .	What a bummer! You set me up?	Let me explain . I didn't mean to hurt you...	How dare you! (starts to walk off)	Hang on one second . Hear me out, just this once, Isabella!
rep-0631	Hello! How do I get more amenities?	I'm sorry, sir . I'm not sure I understand.
rep-0632	Room service, is there anything I can do for you?	Yes, I am afraid there are not enough outlets .	Well, we have 6 for each room.
rep-0633	Hello . This is Mrs . Wilson . I'd like to buy a new car . Could you offer me a new type of the car , please ?	Oh , Madam , buy what ?	A new car . And I've got a small family , two children , and I haven't got a lot of money and ...
rep-0634	Honey, the house is such a mess! I need you to help me tidy up a bit . My boss and her husband are coming over for dinner and the house needs to be spotless!	I ’ m in the middle of something right now . I ’ ll be there in a second .	This can ’ t wait! I need your help now!	Alright, alright . I ’ m coming .	Ok, here ’ s a list of chores we need to get done . I'll do the dishes and get all the groceries for tonight . You can sweep and mop the floors . Oh, and the furniture needs to be dusted .	You know what, I have to pick something up at the mall, so why don ’ t you clean the floors and I'll go to the supermarket and get all the groceries.
rep-0635	May I see your passport , please ?	Certainly . Here it is .	You are here on business , I think ?	That's right . A German company has invited me for business talks .	How long will you be staying ?	Just two weeks .	How many pieces of baggage have you got ?	Only one . In this case , I have a camera .	Do you intend to take it out on your departure ?	Yes , I do .	According to the regulations , the camera you've brought along for personal use can be passed for the time being duty free , but you will have to take it out with you when you leave the country .
rep-0636	Billy, you are late again .	I'm sorry I'm late . I overslept . Is the manager here today?	Yes he' s in his office .	Oh, I hope he didn't notice me .	Don't take any chances . It'd be best if you told him and promised not to be late again . He's already mad at you for last 2 times . Any more and he might fire you .	You said it . It won't happen again . Do you really think he'd fire me?	I think he might . You'd better go to his office .	You are probably right . I'll go right now and apologize . I try hard not to be late but it is difficult with Beijing traffic.
rep-0637	Don't I know you?	I'm not sure.You look familiar .	You're Mr.Stevenson, right?
rep-0638	I give up ! I simply can't learn French !	Why do you say that ? I think you're making a lot of progress .	No , I'm not . I try and try and I still can't speak it very well .	Learning any language takes a lot of effort.But don't give up . Why don't we practise those dialogues together ?
rep-0639	I'd like you to do me a favor .	What is it?	Can you mail this at the post office for me? I have to go to the doctor for an appointment and I don't have enough time to go to the post office.
rep-0640	Hi . I ’ m here to catch flight 513 to New York .	May I see your ticket please?	Here you are . Do you need to see my passport?	Any form of picture I . D . will do .	Mmmm...a photo I . D . I have my New Jersey driver ’ s license . Is that ok?	That will do . What an interesting picture! How old is it?	Actually it wad taken just last year, but I had a shaved head and a beard . Can you still recognize me?	Barely . Will you be checking any luggage today?
rep-0641	Hello , Parker . How ’ s everything ?	Can ’ t complain . And you ?
rep-0642	What do you think we need to do to get our new branch office running well ?	First , I'd make sure that we have a good , local , corporate lawyer . He or she will know all the local laws and regulations .	That ’ s very important . A friend recommended a good law firm to me . We ’ ll need someone to hire staff .	I think that we should send one of our HR people to do that . I don ’ t think we should use an agency , because they won ’ t be familiar with the type of people we employ . Have we decide on the location of	Yes . We have . We chose the location in the northeast of the city , not too far from the airport and on the edge of the CBD .	Why didn ’ t we choose an office in the CBD ?	The offices there were too expensive . Have we negotiated any contracts yet ?	Yes . We ’ Ve signed two contracts with companies that we already do work for in other countries . We hope to sign another three this month .	When will the branch office open ?	Hopefully next month . Everything is a little rushed . We should be able to set up our branch office and expand our business quickly .	Has and advertising campaign been prepared ?	Yes , it has . We ’ re going to target the business community through business magazines .	I made plenty of business contract on my last visit and through the embassy . We should be able to get plenty of customers .
rep-0643	Have you any round-neck sweater ?	Yes . Actually our range of sweaters is the most comprehensive available .	Can I try this one on ?	Sure , go ahead .	The color is too bright.For my age , I would prefer a lighter color .
rep-0644	Is there anything I can do for you?	Would you please show me that mural?	Certainly . Here you are .	It looks so beautiful . How much is it?	Four hundred yuan .	That's a bit more than I wanted to pay . Can you cut the price down a bit?	I'm sorry . Ours is a fixed price shop and I can assure you this is the best price you can get for a mural like this.
rep-0645	Here's the course description guide .	What do I do with it ?	Do you want me to help you ?	Please .	Look . Here are the core classes . Everyone has to take them .	So I don't have to worry about them .	You're catching on ! However , there are elective courses like wood shop , metal shop , home economics ...	I'll take home economics .
rep-0646	Good morning . What's the matter with you ?	Good morning , doctor . I have a terrible headache .	All right , young man . Tell me how it got started .	Yesterday I had a runny nose . Now my nose is stuffed up . I have a sore throat . And I ’ m afraid I've got a temperature . I feel terrible .
rep-0647	how are you doing , Christopher ?	to be honest , I'm really fed up with work at the moment . I need a break !	are you doing anything this weekend ?	I have to work on Saturday all day ! I really hate my job !	are you available on Sunday ?	yes , that's my only day off until Thursday .	ok , well , my friends and I are planning on going to the beach on Sunday . We tend to leave around noon whenever we go anywhere , so you could still sleep in . Do you want to come with us ?	that'd be fantastic ! Which beach are you going to ?	it's a quiet beach just about an hour outside of the city .	what should I bring with me ?	we've got plenty of inflatables , but if you want to sit on a chair , you'll have to bring your own sunlounger .	I can just use my beach towel . I love lazing around in the sun .
rep-0648	How can we develop a new brand image with no direction whatsoever?	With the fifty forwards he sent out today, maybe we'll inadvertently get inspired .	I guess this is a good excuse to surf the Net on someone else's dime .	Who'd have thought Bean would be this kind of e-mail fanatic?
rep-0649	Where do you plan to go this winter?
rep-0650	Hey . Why did you take that money ? You are such a cheater ! I should send you to jail !	I am not cheating . When you pass go , you collect $ 200 , Everyone knows that !	Well you can ’ t just take the money . You have to ask the bank for money . And I ’ m the banker .
rep-0651	I only want a little off the top and the sides and back to have clean lines .	Okay . Is your hair naturally curly or is it a perm?	It's natural . My friend told me you know how to work with curls .	That's my specialty . Let me put this around your neck .	Do you have any product that controls frizz?	With the cut I'll give you, we will minimize a lot of that .	Thank you!	And when we're done, I'll show you some great stuff to take care of the rest.
rep-0652	Hey , look , there is a circus show over there .	I'm not in the mood .	It's the circus .	I don't want to sit there and watch them torturing the animals .	Oh , come on , they give them treat too.Oh , look , that little monkey is so cute .	Cute ? Hope so .	Oh , it is coming to us , come on , Ben , get a banana to it .	Me ? No way , keep him away from me , please .	Why are you acting so strange today ?	I've said that I've got a problem with the circus . I'm not kidding .
rep-0653	What are the factors that have great impact on the perspective of this corporation ?	External factors . I think the main external factors are political , economic , social and technological factors .	What are the internal factors that influence the company ?
rep-0654	Have you got any cheaper ones ?	Here are some.They ' re on special sale these days .
rep-0655	I really need to start eating healthier .	I have to start eating better too .	What kind of food do you usually eat ?	I try my best to eat only fruits , vegetables , and chicken .
rep-0656	Here you are . You left the medicine here .	Sorry . I was too worried .	I firmly believe that you love your brother very much .	Absolutely . By the way, do you sell any traditional Chinese medicine?
rep-0657	Mr.Chen , do you mind if I smoke ?	I'm sorry , Mrs . Lin . We don't allow smoking in the office .
rep-0658	I'm sorry I'm so late . I had a really bad day .	It's ten after six.We' re late.But dinner is at six thirty .	I know . I know . I'm really sorry . I lost my bag .	I'll call the lost and found office .	I didn't think of it.Thank you.And I do apologize for being late.
rep-0659	I ’ Ve had it ! I ’ m done working for a company that is taking me nowhere !	So what are you gonna do ? Just quit ?	That ’ s exactly what I am going to do ! I ’ Ve decided to create my own company ! I ’ m going to write up a business plan , get some investors and start working for myself !	Have you ever written up a business plan before ?	Well , no , it can ’ t be that hard ! I mean , all you have to do is explain your business , how you are going to do things and that ’ s it , right ?	You couldn ’ t be more wrong ! A well written business plan will include an executive summary which highlights the idea of the business in two pages or less . Then you need to describe your company with information such as what type of legal structure it has , history , etc .
rep-0660	Has your company been affected much by government legislation?	Yes, we have . We've had to clean up our production process a lot to meet tough government standards .	What about your use of raw materials?	Well, we've had to cut down the amount of solvents we use and we ’ re not allowed to use lead in our products any more.
rep-0661	Hey , how was the show ?	Not great . It's a kind of boring .	Really ? I heard it was supposed to be great .	Yes , me too . But I'm disappointed .
rep-0662	I went to the tutoring service centre on campus today . And I got a job .	Congratulation . What will you do?	They got me a part-time tutoring job, teaching an Australian businessman Chinese .	That's wonderful . I want to get a part-time job too . Tell me what I should do.
rep-0663	Hey honey, how was your day?	It was alright . I ran into Bill and we got to talking for a while . He ’ s in a bit of a jam.
rep-0664	It's such a nice day .
rep-0665	I ’ m glad you could find time to meet with me, Mr . Johnson . I can ’ t think of a nicer environment for our meeting today, the ambiance here is lovely!	No problem, if possible I always combine business with pleasure . Now, let ’ s hear more about these chocolates you ’ re offering .	Well, as you know, I have recently become the sole distributor for Grangers Gourmet Bon-bons here in the United States . They ’ re a new manufacturer and are looking to break into the luxury market . Naturally, your restaurant sprang into my mind immediately . I think your brand exemplifies many of the same traits as Grangers and serving these chocolates would really add to your reputation for providing elegant, luxurious, first class dining.
rep-0666	How many languages can you speak ?	I can speak French and German .	How well can you speak them ?	I can speak German quite well , but I can't speak French very well .	Can you help me to translate these sentences into German now ?
rep-0667	Hey , how was the show ?	Not great . It's a kind of boring .
rep-0668	Sarah , what did you do today ?	I went shopping .	Did you buy anything ?	Yes , I bought a few things .	What did you buy ?	I bought this coat . Do you like it ?	Yeah , I like it a lot . It's very pretty . Where did you buy it ?	At the mall on 5th street .	Was it expensive ?	No , it wasn't expensive . It was on sale for 20 dollars .	That's cheap .	I know . It was a really good deal .
rep-0669	Whew! I had to wait for almost an hour to get to the front of the line .	You have much patience .	Wow! Your calligraphy is very beautiful . It was worth the wait!	Thank you . Today I'm writing a kind of poem called a Chinese couplet .	What does it say?	This is an especially famous one . It says "May the passing days bring you health and longevity . May this season of renewal find you basked in riches . "	That's very nice . Is it for sale?
rep-0670	It ’ s really terrible !	What are you talking about ?	Don ’ t you see many parents are forcing there children ’ s hands to learn something they think important to their children . But the children are not interested in it at all .
rep-0671	Listen, Karen, I need your help . I don't know anyone here yet .	I'm glad to help you . What's wrong?	My mother-in-law just went into the hospital in L.A.Hank and I will be flying there tonight .	I'm sorry to hear it . What's wrong with her?	Doctors aren't sure yet.But the real problem is Suzy . She has a bad cold, and we don't want to take her with us . But we don't know who can stay with her .	You need a babysitter .	Yes, I'd ask Jill, the girl I've had before, but I need someone overnight.Maybe even for two nights .	I could have Suzy stay at my place .	I don't want to do that to you, Karen .	Why not?	Your own kids would get Suzy's cold . I think it would be better to have a good babysitter here . But I don't know who to ask . I need someone more mature than Jill . It might even be for two or three days .	I know who we can ask . There is a girl I know, Sara Ralston.She is 17, and she will usually take this kind of job . I know her from my church, and I trust her completely .	I'd like to talk with her.This is short notice, I know . But Hank and I are leaving tonight .	I'll get you her number . I hope she can do it . She is very responsible .	I'm glad you know someone . I knew you would be the best person to ask about this . I don't want to insult Jill or her mother . I think Jill maybe could do it.But I'd rather have someone a little older .	I'll go home and get Sara's number . I'll call her first myself .	Great . Then call me and let me know if she's free.
rep-0672	I need something to wash this down . Is there any juice in the fridge?	What is that? It looks like something from a swamp!	It's a green drink . It's supposed to be full of vitamins and minerals .	You know, healthy eating doesn't have to make you gag .	The sales lady said that even if I eat right, I wouldn't get enough vitamins .	Have you ever tried it? Or are you just going to believe the sales lady?	It's easier to drink this once a day than eat fruit and vegetables all day.
rep-0673	Hello , take a seat please . Let's get straight to the point . This is our contract . Please read it carefully before signing .
rep-0674	Excuse me . Is this where I catch the bus for the zoo?	Well, you can take the No . 36 bus from here, but then you have to walk about 30 minutes.
rep-0675	It's said that John's broken up .	Really ? But his wife has always waited on him hand and foot .	I hear that John's leading a double wife .	It's very bad of him to cheat on a lady like his wife .
rep-0676	We are going to have a picnic tomorrow at the picnic center .
rep-0677	Good morning . Vane Theater , at your service .	Hello . I'm thinking about watching a Chinese traditional opera with a foreign girl . What's on this weekend ?	Well , there will be charity performance on Saturday night . And also , there will be a solo concert by an opera star on Sunday night .
rep-0678	I have a cell phone in my car . Now it's probably on the floor on the passenger side.Why don't you get it for me, and then I can call the police?
rep-0679	Yes, madam? Can I help you?	Oh, yes, please . But you are just closing, aren't you?	Well, yes, we are, madam . The shop shuts down in five minutes .	I shall not keep you long then . It was about some saucepans you had in your window last week .	Last week, madam? I really can't remember which ones you mean . What were they like?	Oh, they were lovely . Sort of imitation wood, dark brown color, country-style you know, and the lids, if I remember rightly, they had a sort of leaf pattern, or was it flowers?	That's strange . I don't recognize any of the ones we had from that description . Are you sure they were in this shop?	Oh, you must know the ones I mean . They were on sale, a real bargain . Reduced to a quarter of the original price . I couldn't believe my eyes when I saw them.
rep-0680	Excuse me . I bought this shirt yesterday , but I would like to refund it .
rep-0681	Good evening . What'll you have ?
rep-0682	Henry married Rose only after her father's money , didn't he ?
rep-0683	How many pieces of luggage would you like to check in , sir ?	Three bags and a suitcase . This is my luggage to check .
rep-0684	How far do we have to go?	About 50 miles .	The traffic is not very heavy on this high way, is it? So I ’ m sure we ’ ll make it .	No, but we ’ Ve got a hurry . It will be the rush hour soon .	Don ’ t worry . There ’ s plenty of time yet .	But it ’ s Friday today . This road is always jam packed during the weekend, isn ’ t it?
rep-0685	Good morning . May I help you ?	Yes , I'd like to check out now . My name's Adams , room 312 . Here's the key .	One moment , please , sir . ... Here's your bill . Would you like to check and see if the amount is correct ?	What's the 14 pounds for ?
rep-0686	I only want a little off the top and the sides and back to have clean lines .	Okay . Is your hair naturally curly or is it a perm ?
rep-0687	It is too bad today .	What happened?	My som was lost . I told him to stand rooted to the spot when I went shopping, but he ignored it.
rep-0688	Have you any round-neck sweater?	Yes . Actually our range of sweaters is the most comprehensive available .	Can I try this one on?	Sure, go ahead .	The color is too bright.For my age, I would prefer a lighter color.
rep-0689	I'm looking for a string of pearls for my wife .	Yes, sir . What price range do you have in mind?	I'm not sure . I don't know very much about the price of pearls .	I see . Let me show you some samples of various qualities . This one is very nice . It's three hundred and fifty dollars .	Is there a price reduction?	We are having a sale now . The price has already gone down.
rep-0690	What can I do for you ?	I'd like to buy some milk powder . What would you recommend ?	We have many kinds of different purpose . I wonder whom you are buying for ?	My son . He is two years old .
rep-0691	Good morning , sir . Sorry to disturb you . May I make up the room now ?	Yes , please . We're on our way out , so we put the ' make up ' sign on . Could you bring us some towels and hangers ?	No problem , sir . Everything will be ready when you come back .
rep-0692	Good morning . Vane Theater, at your service .	Hello . I'm thinking about watching a Chinese traditional opera with a foreign girl . What's on this weekend?	Well, there will be charity performance on Saturday night . And also, there will be a solo concert by an opera star on Sunday night .	It's a good thing that I have choices here . Can you tell me about the one on Saturday?	Sure . It's to raise money for the homeless.
rep-0693	What kind of permanent would you like to have?	what kinds do you have?
rep-0694	Where to, ma'am?	The Grand Hotel.
rep-0695	Excuse me , is this seat taken ?	I ’ m afraid this seat is taken .	Oh . is it . Thank you anyway .	You ’ re welcome . Why don ’ t you ask the conductor when he comes by ?
rep-0696	The bartender just gave the last call . Let's order another round, okay?	Sure, but let's get a pitcher this time We should be able to down it before they close .	That sounds good . You order the beer while I go to the bathroom . Where is the can in this place?	It's all the way to the back . See that yellow door?	Yeah . I think I can find it .	You're back already . That sure was quick .	That's because I just took one step inside and turned right around . That bathroom is too gross for me .	Well, the bartender wouldn't give me the pitcher of beer . Anyway . He said it was too close to closing time .	Let's leave then . I could take some fresh air, anyway .	Okay, let's go!
rep-0697	So , you ’ re applying for a B2 visa , where is your final destination and what ’ s the purpose of your trip to the United States ?	I ’ m going to visit my brother . he ’ s just had a baby . He lives in Minneapolis .	And how long do you you plan to remain in the United States ?	I ’ ll be here for approximately three weeks . See , here ’ s my return ticket for the twenty-sixth of March .	And , who is sponsoring your trip ?	My brother , here , this is an invitation letter from him . I will stay with him and his family in their home .
rep-0698	Good morning, sir . Sorry to disturb you . May I make up the room now?	Yes, please . We're on our way out, so we put the' make up' sign on . Could you bring us some towels and hangers?
rep-0699	I want to see the man responsible for selling typewriters .
rep-0700	Hello ?	Hey Tina . What are you doing ?	I was just watching TV . What's going on with you ?	I just watched a movie and I'm scared .	What did you watch ?	I saw the Sixth Sense . I didn't know it was going to be so scary .	I remember that . It was a great movie . But it was definitely scary .	If you're not busy , do you want to come over ? I'm afraid to be alone .	Sure . I can come over . What should we do ?	How about if we watch a comedy . I need something to get my mind off the frightening images I have from the Sixth Sense .
rep-0701	Hello , Sir . So , you are back ?	Yes , hello again . I would like to know the exact difference between Dividend Deposit and Dividend Participated Deposit .	That's pretty easy to explain . With the Deposit , the interest is fixed , but the Dividend of each policy will be transferred automatically into your bank account by the end of each year . The longer the term , the higher the Dividend you earn . This is because it is calculated at the Compound Interest Rate .	And I can purchase that here ?	Yes . And if you already have a Current Account with us , the Insurance Premium can be paid through it , which saves all of us a lot of hassle .
rep-0702	Hello, Mrs.White! I'm Anne .	Nice to see you with us, Anne.Please make yourself at home.
rep-0703	Can we have a table for three , please ?	Sorry , all the tables for three are reserved .	Do you have a table for four , please ?	Yes , smoking or non-smoking ?
rep-0704	Excuse me , sir.Is there a barber near here ?
rep-0705	Hi, Helen! how is it going?	I'm very busy these days . It seems I can never finish my work .	Well, take it easy! Don't let it get on top of you .	I'll try . I'm under a lot of pressure right now.
rep-0706	Are you going to vote ?	Of course ! Are you ?	I plan to , but what day is the election ?	You should know that .	Can you just tell me ?	The election is this Tuesday .
rep-0707	Can I have the window seat over there ?
rep-0708	I'd like to speak Dr.Johnson .	Sorry , but he's not in . May I take a message for you ?	This is Robert Jordan.Would you ask him to call me back , please ?
rep-0709	Rock music really leaves me cold . What about you?
rep-0710	Joe, how are you doing?	I am great! How about you, Mary? How are you?	I am doing great! Thank you for asking, Joe .	I was wondering if you want to go see a movie with me tonight?	I need to stay home tonight and finish my term paper .	OK . What about going to the movies on Friday night?	What were you planning on seeing?	I was thinking about seeing that one about the rapist serial killer .	How about “ The Secret Life of Bees ”?	That's a chick flick!
rep-0711	How you celebrate your Valentine ’ s Day with your wife?
rep-0712	Good morning . Vane Theater , at your service .	Hello . I'm thinking about watching a Chinese traditional opera with a foreign girl . What's on this weekend ?	Well , there will be charity performance on Saturday night . And also , there will be a solo concert by an opera star on Sunday night .
rep-0713	Can I help you , sir ?	Yes , I'd like a book about law .	Would you tell me the name of the book and the author ?
rep-0714	Excuse me . Do you mind if I try this on?
rep-0715	Do you know that the dolphin is the most intelligent animal in the world ?
rep-0716	Good afternoon . I've brought the extra blanket you asked for .	Oh, thank you .	Is there anything I can do for you now?	Yes . I'm rather tired and want to go to bed early . Please make the bed.
rep-0717	Hey Kevin , what are you doing here ? Don't you usually spend Tuesday nights at home studying ?	I needed to get out of the house . My parents just went ballistic over something my older sister told them .	What did she tell them ? Is she dropping out of college ?	Nothing that serious . She finally told them that she moved out of the dormitory a few months ago and has been living with her boyfriend .	And your parents took it badly ?	That's putting it mildly . My father started shouting at my sister and my mother just glared at her .
rep-0718	Shall we share a taxi ?	Where are you heading now ?	I want to go back to my college on the Huanghe road.It is very close to your house .	Is that the university next to the Teachers ' College ?	That's the one .	You mean we'll share the taxi ?	Yeah.If we share the cab , it'll be cheaper.Besides that your Chinese is better than mine.The drivers usually have difficulty understanding me even though I practice my pronunciation carefully .
rep-0719	Good morning . what can I do for you?	I'm looking for some earrings for my wife as a wedding anniversary gift .	You've come to the right store . We've got a beautiful and wide selection of earrings for you to choose from .	I saw a pair of earrings outside your window . Can you show them to me?	Do you mean the exquisite pearl earrings?
rep-0720	Hey Kevin, what are you doing here? Don't you usually spend Tuesday nights at home studying?	I needed to get out of the house . My parents just went ballistic over something my older sister told them .	What did she tell them? Is she dropping out of college?	Nothing that serious . She finally told them that she moved out of the dormitory a few months ago and has been living with her boyfriend .	And your parents took it badly?	That's putting it mildly . My father started shouting at my sister and my mother just glared at her .	Ouch, that sounds bad . What did your sister do?	She started arguing back to my dad that how much she loves her boyfriend, how they're in love and it's not hurting anybody, and so on . My dad said she's too young to do this, and that she should move out right away .	How long has your sister been with her boyfriend?	Three years . They've been dating since freshman year . They're even talking about marriage .	Really? Then I guess living together would be a good idea .	What do you mean?	Well, these days too many people are getting divorced . If they live together, then at least they're finding out if they're really compatible or not.
rep-0721	What can I do for you , miss ?	I am looking for a pair of shoes .
rep-0722	We have another traditional holiday-the Dragon Boat Festival .	When is it?	It falls on the fifth day of the fifth lunar month .	Could you tell me the origin of the two festivals?	OK . The Dragon Boat Festival is a way to commemorate a great ancient poet named Quyuan . On that day, people will hold a boat race as a symbol of the attempt to save him who threw himself into the river.
rep-0723	Do you like watching the Winter Olympic Games?	Of course . It's the tradition game in winter, and with good reason . Don't you like watching it?	Of course I do . I love it . All the games are exciting and the competitors are respectable .	That's true . For various reasons, it takes more to hold a fierce game for Winter Olympics than it does for Summer Olympics . You know, the low temperature may cause many problems .	Yeah . What's the difference between the Winter Olympics and the Summer Olympics?	When the Olympic Games started in modern times, only summer events were included . When it grew popular, there came the Winter Olympic Games, which includes a variety of winter sports.
rep-0724	My friend Jean is very beautiful .	What's her figure?	Perfect, and I like her charming eyes too .	What's the color of her eyes?
rep-0725	Say, what's your favorite sport?	Mmmm...it's hard to say . I like golf a lot-but I guess I like tennis better .	Do you play much tennis?
rep-0726	Professor , I've handed in my paper . Did you read it ?	Yes . You've done a good job . But there's one thing . You should narrow down your topic .
rep-0727	I will take it . How much?	$60 .	I am sure you can do better than that .	Sorry, sir . It's the sale price.
rep-0728	Excuse me, is this seat taken?	I ’ m afraid this seat is taken .	Oh . is it . Thank you anyway.
rep-0729	Hi . What's your name?	My name is Jung Min . What's your name?	My name is Jessica . It's nice to meet you .	Yes . It's nice to meet you too . Are you a new student too?	No . I'm a sophomore . I take it you are a new student?	Yeah . It's pretty exciting to be here .	Have fun while it lasts . The excitement wears off real quick . Especially after you see how much homework you get . Where are you from?	I'm from Korea . My parents wanted me to go to an American university, so I came here .	I have never been to Korea . I've been to Japan before, but never Korea .	Why were you in Japan?	My father thought it would be a good experience to take a vacation to a different country . He's so into learning about different cultures.
rep-0730	that was a really good meal , Gordon .	It sure was . I couldn't eat another bite .	well , it is getting pretty late . I think we should go home .	you're right . I have to get up early to go to work tomorrow .	let's see how much the bill is .	don't worry about it . Tonight is my treat .	what are you talking about ? We'll split the bill .	no , I insist . I kept telling you that I would treat you to dinner but I still haven't .	no way , Gordon . I know that you are a little short on cash at the moment . There's no need for you to pay for the whole bill .
rep-0731	Could you change these for me, please?	What would you like?	Twenties and some smaller bills, please .	Anything else?	Yes . Could you tell many balance? Here's account number.
rep-0732	That way they look longer .	Now what are you doing?	Putting on mascara .	Nasty . You'd better not rub your eyes .	I won't .	And you'd better not cry or you'll have black streaks running down your face.
rep-0733	Come in , come in , what can I do for you ?	Professor Donald , are you giving your advanced geology course again next semester ?	Yes , I am applying on it .	I wonder if I could enroll in it . I know it is a graduate course and I ' m a junior , but ...	Aren't you a bit young ? I have a lot of qualified seniors to take the course and they usually have a hard time keeping up .	I know , but geology of the American west is my major interest and I have done a large reading in the field .
rep-0734	What can I do for you?	I'd like to buy some milk powder . What would you recommend?	We have many kinds of different purpose . I wonder whom you are buying for?	My son . He is two years old .	I see, sir . This one is very good .	Is it?	You may rest assured . It sells well.
rep-0735	What's the matter with you , then ? You look miserable .
rep-0736	What can I do for you, young man?	I need to rent three pairs of skates for the morning .	What sizes do you need?	One pair of 37, and two pairs of 21 . One for me, and the other two for two kids .	Here you are . And here are three crash helmets .	Thanks . Well, those two kids are beginners . What should I do about their safety?	Well, there are a lot to do, but nothing to worry about . First, make sure they don't go far from the railings .	Oh, yeah, maybe I should ask them just to walk along the railings.
rep-0737	What can I show you ?	Do you have this shirt in a small ?
rep-0738	What can I do for you ?	I'd like to buy some milk powder . What would you recommend ?	We have many kinds of different purpose . I wonder whom you are buying for ?	My son . He is two years old .	I see , sir . This one is very good .	Is it ?	You may rest assured . It sells well .	May I have a look at the introduction ?
rep-0739	I want a pair of sports shoes , Adidas .	What size do you want ?	I wear size 40 .	How about this one ? It's the latest design .	Oh , I like the color .
rep-0740	Hi , Jack , how have you been ?	Not very well .	Why ? Looks like you're feeling very down ! What happened ?	Nothing .	Come on . For a man who's feeling so , down , there're usually two reasons . Either his career is going downhill , or he has a broken heart . Since you're so successful , it must be the latter .
rep-0741	Helen, did you hear I ’ m having a party? Next Saturday in my place .	I may have something on that day, but thanks for inviting me .	Well, drop by if you can .	I will, do you want me to bring anything?
rep-0742	So what do you think of my new dress ?	I think it's great ! I really like the color , and it goes really well with your eyes . I've actually been eyeing that dress at Maxine's for a while now , but I wasn't sure I could afford ninety-five dollars for a dress at the moment .	Um , ninety-five dollars ?	Yes , that's the price they were advertising it at . I was hoping it might go on sale soon . Why , how much did you pay for it ?	I bought it for one hundred and forty-five dollars at Helen's Boutique . I didn't know I could get it cheaper somewhere else .	Of course ! Everything at Helen's is overpriced , and they sell things that you can find at almost every other clothing store ! Why didn't you shop around ?	I don't know , I just saw the dress and thought about how pretty it looks and how much I wanted it . I guess I was too impulsive .
rep-0743	Wow, Amy, look at that number .	What's so great about it?	What do you mean? It's a scrim .	Not to me, I wouldn't be caught dead in that .	I love that kind of stuff .	Yeah, you seem to like those styles .	Sure do . I get a kick out of looking punk .	This one looks really expensive though .	I don't care how much it costs . I'm rolling in it.
rep-0744	It's getting late . I really have to go .	I hope we'll get together again soon .	I hope so . A good journey to you !
rep-0745	Lee, I'm going to get married next month .	Good news! And congratulations!	You are invited to my wedding.
rep-0746	What can I get for you today?	Could I get a hamburger, please?	Would you like cheese on that?	No, thank you .	Would you like a drink?	Let me have a soda .	What kind of soda would you like?	May I have a Sprite, please?	Sure, no problem .	I would also like a bag of chips .	Will that be all?
rep-0747	Did you go to the concert last weekend ?	No , I didn't . And you ? Was it good ?	Yes . I did . I enjoyed it a lot.There was a folk singer , a violinist and a pianist .
rep-0748	It is too bad today .	What happened ?	My som was lost . I told him to stand rooted to the spot when I went shopping , but he ignored it .
rep-0749	Where are you going?	I'll accompany my wife to the hospital .	What's wrong with her .	She is expecting.
rep-0750	I was surprised to see how few people you have on-site . You provide a wide range of goods and services but have a very small workforce .	It depends on the time of year . At peak times we hire in casual workers to help with packing and dispatch . We also contract out certain services all year round, for example, cleaning . We run a very tight operation!
rep-0751	Hello, Parker . How ’ s everything?	Can ’ t complain . And you?	Business is booming . I understand you want to meet up with me next week . How ’ s your schedule looking?
rep-0752	Here's the course description guide .	What do I do with it ?	Do you want me to help you ?	Please .	Look . Here are the core classes . Everyone has to take them .	So I don't have to worry about them .	You're catching on ! However , there are elective courses like wood shop , metal shop , home economics ...
rep-0753	What can I get for you today ?	Could I get a hamburger , please ?	Would you like cheese on that ?	No , thank you .	Would you like a drink ?	Let me have a soda .	What kind of soda would you like ?	May I have a Sprite , please ?	Sure , no problem .
rep-0754	we really were lucky . We got the last available table for two---and we didn't even have a reservation! Did you see the long lines behind us?
rep-0755	Have you decided what you ’ re going to do during your holiday?	Yes . I ’ m going to travel around Europe .	Wow, that sounds great! Where are you going?	I think I will start off in Paris . Then I ’ m going to take the train to Nice and then go on to Milan.
rep-0756	The taxi drivers are on strike again .	What for ?	They want the government to reduce the price of the gasoline .
rep-0757	Hey , how was the show ?
rep-0758	Abby Park Hotel . Can I help you ?
rep-0759	What do you mean? If he was a good programmer, he should have been raking it in.
rep-0760	OK , everyone . Gather around . Here are the rules . No tackling . No pushing .	You shouldn't grab someone else's shirt . That's a foul .	Play is stopped when the person with the ball is touched .	You can touch them only between the shoulder and the knees .	The touchdown lines are there and there . OK , let's play !	Before we start , let's have a moment of silence for our fallen men .
rep-0761	So Janet, do you do any sports?	Well, I go to the gym a lot . I am a member of a gym nearby.
rep-0762	I heard that you finished my home inspection, and I was wondering how it went .	First of all, we need to understand what I was looking for . Do you know what the purpose of an inspection is?	I am not sure what a home inspection is all about .	I went there to check for problems with the home, so you aren ’ t surprised when you move in .	Wouldn ’ t the owners have told me about any problems?	Sellers aren ’ t always truthful, and there might also be problems that they aren ’ t aware of .	Can I require the owners to fix the problems?	You can make the sale of the house contingent on them fixing the problems.
rep-0763	Good afternoon ! Can I help you ?	Could you show me where the Chinesc-style clothing is located ? I want to buy a silk coat .	This way , please . Here they are . They're all handmade .	Oh , they look nice . May I try that black one on ?	Of course . The fitting room is right over there .	Do you have a medium in the same color ? This one is a little tight .	l'm sorry . All the black of that size are sold out . Would you like a red one ?	OK . Let me try it on . What do you think ?	Oh , that suits you very well . Besides it is believed in China that the red color brings happiness and good luck .
rep-0764	Hello , Ken .	Hello , George .	Have you just been to the cinema ?	Yes , I have .	What ’ s on ?	Paris in the Spring .	Oh , I ’ Ve already seen it . I saw it on television last year . It ’ s an old film , but it ’ s very good .	Paris is a beautiful city . I have never been there . Have you ever been there , Ken ?
rep-0765	Please tell me how to file things according to the concerned rules .	Well , all right . There are four points you should keep in mind when you file documents , information and other things .	What are they ?	They are keep the documents in chronological order , remove all the chips and pins , punch the documents evenly and place them in the folder .
rep-0766	Good afternoon . I've brought the extra blanket you asked for .
rep-0767	Can I have the window seat over there?	Sorry, sir . That table has been booked .	Well, in that case, this table is the only choice .	Actually you can have a window seat if you don't mind a ten-minute wait.
rep-0768	Is this a duty-free shop?	Yes, sir . What can I do for you?	I want to buy some specialties . Can you recommend me some?	Sure . I strongly advise you to buy a bottle of perfume and a lighter .	Fine . They look nice . I will take both of them .	May I have a look at your passport, please?
rep-0769	You've heard of Bruce Jenner , haven't you ?	He won the decathlon in the 1976 Olympics , right ?	I read that he trained so much that he used to dream about jumping hurdles .	I can think of better things to dream about ...
rep-0770	What's wrong with Debbie today ? She seems upset about something .	I have no idea . Maybe she had a fight with her husband .
rep-0771	How long have you been in England?
rep-0772	I'm really mad at Bob.
rep-0773	Hey . Why did you take that money? You are such a cheater! I should send you to jail!	I am not cheating . When you pass go, you collect $200, Everyone knows that!	Well you can ’ t just take the money . You have to ask the bank for money . And I ’ m the banker .	Banker?	Yes...	Can I have my $200 please?	Sure . Here you are, $200, Thank you, please come again! Now it ’ s my turn to roll the dice.
rep-0774	hi, Mary! What do you like to do in your spare time?	well, I spend a lot of time watching movies .	what a confidence! I always watch a lot of movies, too .	oh really, Frank? What kind of movies do you like?	actually, I watch whichever movie there is, be it a comedy, a sci-fi or a suspense movie . How about you?	art films are my favorite, but thrillers are cool, too .	really impressive . These two genres are totally different .	sure . I enjoy both of them very much .	how often do you go to the cinema?
rep-0775	Excuse me, sir.Is there a barber near here?	Yes, the nearest one is at the third cross of this road.
rep-0776	Hey honey , how was your day ?	It was alright . I ran into Bill and we got to talking for a while . He ’ s in a bit of a jam .	Why ? What happened ?	Well , his son had an accident and Bill doesn ’ t have health insurance . This really got me thinking , and I wondered if we shouldn ’ t look into a couple of different HMO ’ s .	Yeah , you ’ re right . We aren ’ t getting any younger and our kids are getting older .	Exactly ! I searched on the web and found a couple of HMO ’ s with low co-pays and good coverage . The deductibles are low , too .
rep-0777	It's said that John's broken up .	Really ? But his wife has always waited on him hand and foot .
rep-0778	Honey , what's wrong with you ?	I'm not feeling well . I'm very nervous .	Take it easy . We are going to have our own baby . You should be happy .
rep-0779	Can I get my dress today ?	You have ordered a red dress , is that right ?	Yes . Is that available now ?	Yes , here you are . Try it in front of the mirror .
rep-0780	Good morning . I ’ m from the New York book review . Could I ask you some questions about your latest book?	Sure . Take a seat...what would you like to know?	First, I ’ Ve heard that your latest book is based on a true story .	That ’ s correct . It ’ s a murder mystery based on actual murders that book place in Florida several years ago . The main character-the police invesigator-is based on the man who investigated the case .	How do you research your books?	I always visit the places that I use as setting for stories . Readers like things to be as factually correct as possible-even in fiction! I usually base my characters on people I have met . Most character are a mixture of the characters of two or more people.
rep-0781	The stepmother was very wicked . She couldn't stand a happy smile on the boy's face.
rep-0782	Lee , I'm going to get married next month .	Good news ! And congratulations !	You are invited to my wedding .
rep-0783	What would you like for Christmas?	I would like to have that new style Gl Joe .	Have you asked Santa?	Yes and I've written him a letter.
rep-0784	I should tell you that I'm checking out in about 30 minutes .	I'm ready when you are , sir .	Very good ! Now , it's still morning here in New York .	You are so right , sir . The clock just struck nine .	I'm going to spend some time exploring the city . What can I do with my luggage ?
rep-0785	Susan is going to get a divorce .	How do you know that?	She told me that Peter and she has a quarrel last nigh, and she left this morning, bag and baggage .	Oh, I see . But I think you are making a fuss . They will make it up . Bet it.
rep-0786	Excuse me . How long has it been since the business was founded?
rep-0787	Yes, madam? Can I help you?	Oh, yes, please . But you are just closing, aren't you?	Well, yes, we are, madam . The shop shuts down in five minutes .	I shall not keep you long then . It was about some saucepans you had in your window last week .	Last week, madam? I really can't remember which ones you mean . What were they like?	Oh, they were lovely . Sort of imitation wood, dark brown color, country-style you know, and the lids, if I remember rightly, they had a sort of leaf pattern, or was it flowers?	That's strange . I don't recognize any of the ones we had from that description . Are you sure they were in this shop?	Oh, you must know the ones I mean . They were on sale, a real bargain . Reduced to a quarter of the original price . I couldn't believe my eyes when I saw them .	I am afraid the sales are over now, madam . And you know we all sold out of the saucepans .	I don't think you did, you know . My neighbor told me she saw some here only yesterday .	Well, it's all new stock in the window now .	May I just have a look, to see if there is anything else?	Eh, well, madam, as you know we are closing .	Yes, yes, I am sorry I won't keep you . It must get on your nerves when customers come in right at closing time . But they were such beautiful saucepans . I ’ d have bought them if I had made up my mind on the spot .	Perhaps madam, if you come back tomorrow, I could show you the whole range of kitchen ware . And there are still one or two things at the sale price .	Oh, look! That was the one there . That is the sort of thing I was looking for . But it's not quite the color.
rep-0788	I only want a little off the top and the sides and back to have clean lines .	Okay . Is your hair naturally curly or is it a perm?	It's natural . My friend told me you know how to work with curls .	That's my specialty . Let me put this around your neck.
rep-0789	Boy , it looks like everyone in your family is here , from young to old .	Easter's a good day for reunions . The family goes to church together .	And after church they come here for lunch ?	Yup , a big potluck buffet . And then-notice there are no children around ?
rep-0790	Can we have a table for three, please?	Sorry, all the tables for three are reserved .	Do you have a table for four, please?
rep-0791	Excuse me, can you tell me the name of the book you read?	Harry Potter .	Harry Potter? Is that book funny?	Actually, the language itself is not so funny, but you can imagine the scene, that's funny .	Got it .	Have you ever read this book before?
rep-0792	Good afternoon . what can I do for you ?
rep-0793	I was just watching a documentary on TV about how people use dogs for various purpose . It was very interesting.
rep-0794	Food is less expensive in a cafeteria, because you serve yourself .	How to do it?	Just pick up a tray, then put a knife, a fork, a spoon and a paper napkin on it and stand in the line.
rep-0795	Hi, Mary . I haven't seen you in ages! I heard that you and Daniel are getting married on August 8th, the opening day of the 2008 Olympic Games . Is it true?	Yes, it is . We've been dating for over 7 years . We have decided to get married on a special day and we think August 8th, 2008 is a red-letter day .	Good for you! It sounds like you've done a lot of planning in a very short time .	Yes, there is a lot of to be taken care of---wedding photos, wedding dress, catering, transport, hotel, etc...	Is everything ready now?	Almost . The only thing that isn't ready is the hotel . As a lot of people have chosen that day to get married, it is hard to find a hotel that isn't too expensive.
rep-0796	This position demands a higher writing ability , so please say something about your writing ability .	Of course . I've loved writing since I was a very little boy . I won the first prize in a national composition contest when I was in middle school . After attending Nanjing University , I never give up writing . My works , such as Father's Tobacco Pipe , Open Air Cinema , The old City were respectively published China Youth Daily , Yangzi Evening News , and New Beijing . During the period of studying for my degrees of master and doctor , I paid more attention to developing my research ability and published several papers . The Impact of Internet in Chinese Political Participation , The Discipline of Remold , The Historical Direction of Chinese Administration Reform , Bribery Cases of Self governance in Chinese Villages are respectively published in Chinese Publish Administration , Beijing Due Xuebao , Theory and Society and Chinese Reform . I joined in Yangzi Evening News to work as a part-time journalist in 2006 . During this period , I've written a lot of comments , which improved my writing ability to a new level , I have full confidence in my writing ability , and I believe I can do the job well .
rep-0797	how are you ?	I ’ m fine , thanks . Just trying to get adjusted . It ’ s hard to keep track of everything around here .	That ’ s for sure . You ’ re new , too , huh ?
rep-0798	I wish the politicians would quit digging up dirt about each other's past .	I know . It really makes a mess of the whole election process .	And it takes up all the news .	The problem is that there always a large number of people who eat that kind of stuff up .	It's so small . The fact that there is public interest, doesn't say much for us as the public.
rep-0799	It ’ s so great to be here! I ’ m so excited to help you and my daughter with your new home!	We ’ re glad that you ’ re here . Would you like a tour of the house?	That ’ d be great, but could I have a cup of tea first?	Sure, I ’ ll just go put the kettle on . Why don ’ t you have a seat on the sofa and I ’ ll go take care of things in the kitchen .	That would be lovely, thanks .	Do you take milk or sugar with your tea?	I ’ ll take a little milk, but no sugar, please . Make sure you let the tea steep a few minutes before you take the tea bag out of the cup .	Ok . What do you think about our living room?	Well, I do like the mantelpiece and the coffee table, but I don ’ t really care for curtains . Did you get them at a yard sale? They look ancient.
rep-0800	Hello, Ken .	Hello, George .	Have you just been to the cinema?	Yes, I have .	What ’ s on?	Paris in the Spring .	Oh, I ’ Ve already seen it . I saw it on television last year . It ’ s an old film, but it ’ s very good .	Paris is a beautiful city . I have never been there . Have you ever been there, Ken?
rep-0801	Excuse me, I ordered the well-done steak, but this one is so tough .	Well, sir, I think I have made a mistake . I will take it back to the kitchen right now .	I think you should be more careful next time .	Yes, sir . I'm really so sorry about that.
rep-0802	So how did I do on my driving test ?	Do you want the truth ?
rep-0803	Do you like watching the Winter Olympic Games?	Of course . It's the tradition game in winter, and with good reason . Don't you like watching it?	Of course I do . I love it . All the games are exciting and the competitors are respectable .	That's true . For various reasons, it takes more to hold a fierce game for Winter Olympics than it does for Summer Olympics . You know, the low temperature may cause many problems .	Yeah . What's the difference between the Winter Olympics and the Summer Olympics?	When the Olympic Games started in modern times, only summer events were included . When it grew popular, there came the Winter Olympic Games, which includes a variety of winter sports.
rep-0804	Could you please tell me how I can go job-hunting in the web ?	Generally speaking , job seekers can enter the websites either of job agencies or of some units for job advertisements .
rep-0805	What's wrong with Debbie today ? She seems upset about something .	I have no idea . Maybe she had a fight with her husband .
rep-0806	Excuse me . How long has it been since the business was founded ?
rep-0807	What's wrong with you , young man ?	Doctor , I have a bad cough and a headache .	Do you have a fever ?	I don't know , but I feel terrible .	Let me examine you . Don't worry . It's nothing serious .	Do you think I should lie in bed ?	Yes , stay in bed and drink a lot of water . Your fever will be gone in a day or two .
rep-0808	Henry married Rose only after her father's money, didn't he?	Yeah . But he soon feel regretted for it.
rep-0809	His grandfather is the richest person in the area .	What a miser ! He cycles to school every day .
rep-0810	What courses did you take in college ?
rep-0811	I do want to meet with you and take a look at your catalogue . We ’ re redecorating and are going to add some things.
rep-0812	Hello.this is Susan .	Hello , I ’ m Mark . I ’ m just wondering if you are free this weekend	Yes , I think So .	Good . I was thinking that I ’ d like to invite you to watch a movie . I can meet you at the cinema gate .
rep-0813	I'd like to order breakfast , please .	What'd you like , madam ?	Two muffins and a cup of coffee.Will it take long ?
rep-0814	How can we develop a new brand image with no direction whatsoever ?
rep-0815	May I take your order?
rep-0816	Excuse me , can you tell me the name of the book you read ?	Harry Potter .	Harry Potter ? Is that book funny ?	Actually , the language itself is not so funny , but you can imagine the scene , that's funny .	Got it .	Have you ever read this book before ?	No , but my little brother likes it very much .	It's really a good book . You will like it too .	I'll try to read it . Actually , I like literature very much .	Wow , that sounds like a scholar . By the way , who's your favorite writer ?
rep-0817	I'm hungry .	So am I .	Where should we go eat today?	How about we go eat in the cafeteria?	I never bought food from the cafeteria .	You haven't? They have a lot of good stuff.
rep-0818	I often recalled the days when Tom and I were madly in love .	Very romantic?	Yeah . He always tickled my finny bone with his college stories .	You married him for that reason?	Definitely not . The most important thing was we loved each other.
rep-0819	Jack wonders whether Linda likes him or not .	Why doesn't he ask her ?	He is too scared to ask her .	He's a chicken guy .
rep-0820	I ’ m glad you could find time to meet with me , Mr . Johnson . I can ’ t think of a nicer environment for our meeting today , the ambiance here is lovely !	No problem , if possible I always combine business with pleasure . Now , let ’ s hear more about these chocolates you ’ re offering .	Well , as you know , I have recently become the sole distributor for Grangers Gourmet Bon-bons here in the United States . They ’ re a new manufacturer and are looking to break into the luxury market . Naturally , your restaurant sprang into my mind immediately . I think your brand exemplifies many of the same traits as Grangers and serving these chocolates would really add to your reputation for providing elegant , luxurious , first class dining .	Mmmm , sounds interesting ... gourmet chocolates , where are they produced ? Belgium ?	Actually , the factory is located in Scotland .	Really ? I didn ’ t think they were known for their luxury chocolate production	That ’ s what makes this such a fantastic opportunity ! The government is one hundred percent supportive of creating new export markets and has guaranteed a low tariff for all wholesale orders of over one thousand units . They ’ Ve also reduced the red tape involved at customs as well . Here , I brought these especially for you , try one !
rep-0821	Boy, it looks like everyone in your family is here, from young to old .	Easter's a good day for reunions . The family goes to church together .	And after church they come here for lunch?	Yup, a big potluck buffet . And then-notice there are no children around?	Yeah, what's up with that?	The kids wait in the house while the grownups hide these . Hide away, Yi-jun!
rep-0822	How much will my pay be , if you don ’ t mind my asking ?	We would like to start you off at 1,500 yuan a month , not including bonus and overtime pay . We don ’ t give bonus every month , but we offer a semi-annual bonus . And you will receive two weeks paid vacation a year , as well . Does it suit you ?
rep-0823	Hi , Mary . I haven't seen you in ages ! I heard that you and Daniel are getting married on August 8th , the opening day of the 2008 Olympic Games . Is it true ?
rep-0824	Have you any round-neck sweater ?	Yes . Actually our range of sweaters is the most comprehensive available .	Can I try this one on ?	Sure , go ahead .	The color is too bright.For my age , I would prefer a lighter color .
rep-0825	What's wrong with Debbie today? She seems upset about something.
rep-0826	hi , Mary ! What do you like to do in your spare time ?	well , I spend a lot of time watching movies .	what a confidence ! I always watch a lot of movies , too .	oh really , Frank ? What kind of movies do you like ?	actually , I watch whichever movie there is , be it a comedy , a sci-fi or a suspense movie . How about you ?	art films are my favorite , but thrillers are cool , too .	really impressive . These two genres are totally different .	sure . I enjoy both of them very much .	how often do you go to the cinema ?	once in a while , I suppose , I usually rent movies at Movie Salon .	movie salon ? where is that ?	it's a movie rental store in my neighborhood . I've got a membership there .
rep-0827	Hey man, you wannabuy some weed?	Some what?	Weed! You know? Pot, Ganja, Mary Jane some chronic!	Oh, umm, no thanks .	I also have blow if you prefer to do a few lines .	No, I am ok, really .	Come on man! I even got dope and acid! Try some!	Do you really have all of these drugs? Where do you get them from?
rep-0828	That's all the general information of our company . I think you already have good knowledge about our company .	Yes , I have an overall understanding .	When we have the final results , we will call you .	Then when will I get a reply at the latest ?	If you pass the interview , the personnel department will inform you within two weeks .	But if I don't pass , will you call me ?	I'm sorry we won't . You can wait for two weeks . If you don't get a telephone call , it means that you weren't successful .	Then do I have the chance to get this job ?	I'm sorry but I can't make the final decision myself , and I have to discuss it with other interviewers .	I know . No matter what the result will be , I have learned a lot from our conversation .
rep-0829	Mum, can I finish my homework later?	Sorry . You know the rules.
rep-0830	Hi! I'm happy you could make it .	Well, I've been looking forward to seeing you .	What can I get you?
rep-0831	What did you do today?
rep-0832	Ms . Wang , this is Mr . Cooper , president of Ivy Publishing .
rep-0833	I am sorry to trouble you again , Mr.Stone .	It's ok . What do you want to ask ?	Where should I go after I arrived at the university ?	The first place you should go is the International Center .	Why ?	You can get help there in dealing with the United States Immigration and Naturalization Service ; you can find Foreign Student Advisers .
rep-0834	I'm sorry, our appointment has to be changed.
rep-0835	Professor, I've handed in my paper . Did you read it?	Yes . You've done a good job . But there's one thing . You should narrow down your topic .	What about water pollution instead of pollution?
rep-0836	Can I help you?	Yes, I would like to buy a Walkman . Can you tell me about the models you have?	Well, we have a lot of models here.Did you want to listen to CD's or cassettes or the radio?	Mostly cassette tapes .	Alright . There are several models you may want to look at.This Kreng portable cassette player is very good .	Kreng? I've never heard of that company .	It's a German company.This unit has auto-reverse, recording capability, and an AM / FM radio band.It also has a built-in microphone .	I suppose I don't want that one then . I don't like auto-reverse . It breaks too easily .	Really? Have you had an auto-reverse break before?	Yes, twice now . I think it's too high-tech, and so it's the first part that breaks .	Hmm . You know, the problem might be dust . Did you clean the unit often?	Well . No, I didn't clean it.But still, I only had the last one two months, and it broke . I don't trust auto-reverse .	Alright . Well . We have many units without auto-reverse.Here is a good unit . Very reliable.It has an AM / FM band, built-in microphone, recording capability, and no auto-reverse .	How much is it?	This one sells for $39.99 .	Can I test it out?	Of course .	It sounds great . I'll take it.
rep-0837	Ella, it's been such a long week . I'm ready to go out and party . Hey, let's go out for a night on the town.
rep-0838	Hi , Dan . What's new ?	Where have you been ? I've been trying to get in touch with you for two days .	I went to Salt Lake City on business . What's up ?	I got fired .	How come ? Last time I saw you . You told me it was a good job , and you'd like to take it as a career . That was only one month ago . Why this sudden change ?	It's a long story . In a word , I didn't do a good job of it . I messed up a business deal , a deal that would have made ten million dollars and I messed it up .	What are you going to do now ?	I am trying to find a job asap . Lily doesn't know yet . I didn't tell her . I spent the past three days at the coffee shop next to your office , and she thought I went to work as usual .
rep-0839	This is just for you . Cheers! Bottoms up .	En...it tastes good . I appreciate what you have done for me.
rep-0840	I have a cell phone in my car . Now it's probably on the floor on the passenger side.Why don't you get it for me , and then I can call the police ?	Alright .	It doesn't work . It looks like it's broken . I need to get to a hospital . You should drive me there .	Oh , yeah ? It's better if we make a police report first . Then you can go to the hospital .
rep-0841	Hey Rachael , what's up ? How is your day ?	Not bad.We have had a big meeting today , remember ?	Oh , yea . I forgot.So how did it go ?	Pretty well . I think the boss liked my ideas .
rep-0842	How old is Keith ?	He's 21 . How old is James ?	He's a year older than Keith , but he looks younger .	How's your father ?
rep-0843	So what do you think of my new dress?	I think it's great! I really like the color, and it goes really well with your eyes . I've actually been eyeing that dress at Maxine's for a while now, but I wasn't sure I could afford ninety-five dollars for a dress at the moment.
rep-0844	They got a divorce at last .	It's inevitable . Their love wasbuilt on the sand , and this is why their marriage has landed on the rocks .	You said it . Love but on the sand will soon be on the rocks .	That give us a good lesson .
rep-0845	How is your new dormitory ?	It's very nice . There are only four people , and those girls are very kind and friendly .	Well , do you all major in the same subject ?
rep-0846	John , I ’ d like you to meet Charles Brown , our new manager at the airport .
rep-0847	hi, Mary! What do you like to do in your spare time?	well, I spend a lot of time watching movies .	what a confidence! I always watch a lot of movies, too .	oh really, Frank? What kind of movies do you like?	actually, I watch whichever movie there is, be it a comedy, a sci-fi or a suspense movie . How about you?	art films are my favorite, but thrillers are cool, too .	really impressive . These two genres are totally different .	sure . I enjoy both of them very much .	how often do you go to the cinema?	once in a while, I suppose, I usually rent movies at Movie Salon .	movie salon? where is that?	it's a movie rental store in my neighborhood . I've got a membership there.
rep-0848	You would be using mainly English in this job . Do you think you could manage ?	Yes , I am sure I can .	Do you think you are proficient in both written and spoken English ?	Yes , I think I am quite proficient in both written and spoken English .	Do you think you can make yourself understood in English with ease ?	Yes , I think I can in ordinary circumstances .	Do you think you can speak English quite fluently ? Tell me about your English education .
rep-0849	You guys are charging me $10 for a movie that I never ordered or saw .	Let's see, sir . According to your file, you watched' Titanic' Monday evening .	Well, the wrong information is in my file . I was at a concert Monday night .	Well, your word overrules the file, sir . One moment, please .	I knew you'd see it my way .	Sir, I deleted the $10, but I had to add a $2 service charge to your bill .	Am I in the Twilight Zone? You're charging me for a movie I never saw?	Please don't blame me, sir . Blame the computer programmer.
rep-0850	Good afternoon , sir . Have you made a reservation ?	I am afraid not . Are there any vacant tables ?
rep-0851	Diane Grant ? I haven't seen you for ages !	Brian ! How have you been ?	Pretty good . Say , you've really changed !	Oh , well , I've lost some weight . And my hair is longer than before .
rep-0852	Should we ask Jason to play? He's always watching movies on HBO .	I guess we should invite him . I just hope he doesn't start talking about Sylvester Stallone and Arnold Schwarzenegger again .	Oh, come on! The game is better with three people . Anyway, if we don't ask him to play, he'll be mad.
rep-0853	How far do we have to go ?	About 50 miles .	The traffic is not very heavy on this high way , is it ? So I ’ m sure we ’ ll make it .
rep-0854	Hi Jim . Do you have a minute ?	Sure , what ’ s up ?	Some of us are going to start a soccer team . Would you like to join us ?	I don ’ t know anything about it . Soccer isn ’ t as popular in my country as it is here .	That ’ s all right . We ’ ll teach you .
rep-0855	Excuse me , Sir , do you know what time it is ?	Oh , it ’ s almost eleven twenty .	Thank you .	You ’ re welcome . The rain is quite heavy , isn ’ t it ?	Yeah . I was in a hurry and I forgot my umbrella today .
rep-0856	I ’ m glad you could find time to meet with me, Mr . Johnson . I can ’ t think of a nicer environment for our meeting today, the ambiance here is lovely!	No problem, if possible I always combine business with pleasure . Now, let ’ s hear more about these chocolates you ’ re offering .	Well, as you know, I have recently become the sole distributor for Grangers Gourmet Bon-bons here in the United States . They ’ re a new manufacturer and are looking to break into the luxury market . Naturally, your restaurant sprang into my mind immediately . I think your brand exemplifies many of the same traits as Grangers and serving these chocolates would really add to your reputation for providing elegant, luxurious, first class dining .	Mmmm, sounds interesting...gourmet chocolates, where are they produced? Belgium?	Actually, the factory is located in Scotland .	Really? I didn ’ t think they were known for their luxury chocolate production
rep-0857	Hey , look , there is a circus show over there .	I'm not in the mood .	It's the circus .
rep-0858	Can you help me plan the office party ?	Sure . What do you need the most help with , the food or entertainment ?	I need help with food .	OK , well , let's coordinate our efforts . Should this party be formal or casual ?	I think it should be casual .	I agree . Next , we have to decide on food . We have a choice of Chinese or Continental Cuisine . Which one should we have ?
rep-0859	Mike ! Look at the floor !	What's wrong with it ?	What's wrong with it ? It's filthy !	Oh ...	It's filthy because you never wipe your shoes .
rep-0860	I prefer potatoes to eggplants .	I feel eggplants are more nutritious.
rep-0861	Hey , May , look , Is that the the poster of the movie we saw yesterday ?	Yes , that's right . That's the poster of the The Witch .	May , I really regret watching it with you last night .	Did it scare you ?	Of course not . I just thought the movie was ... boring .	Boring ? Come on , you clutched to my arm all the time .	Well , I admit . The ghosts were scary .	I like scary movies .
rep-0862	Whew ! I had to wait for almost an hour to get to the front of the line .	You have much patience .	Wow ! Your calligraphy is very beautiful . It was worth the wait !	Thank you . Today I'm writing a kind of poem called a Chinese couplet .	What does it say ?	This is an especially famous one . It says " May the passing days bring you health and longevity . May this season of renewal find you basked in riches . "
rep-0863	Jim ? Jim ? ... What are you doing in the kitchen ?	Nothing , Mummy . I was hungry so I came here for some milk .	Milk ? I thought you didn't like milk .	I don't , but I couldn't find anything to eat in the refrigerator .	Nonsense . There's lots of food in the refrigerator ... What's behind your back ?
rep-0864	My granny is such a kind-hearted person . She is willing to help .
rep-0865	Reservation, can I help you?	Yes, I would like to reserve a room for next Monday .	Wait a moment, please . Let me check it.
rep-0866	Can you give me more details on what is included in the package?
rep-0867	Who gave my dog this cooked chicken bone ?	I did . Why ?	Didn't you know dogs shouldn't eat cooked chicken bones because they're bad for their stomachs ?
rep-0868	Doris , Helen Mall is having a big sale this weekend . Do you wanna go ?	Don't feel like it . I'm broke .	Well , we can still do some window shopping , can we ?
rep-0869	John, I ’ d like you to meet Charles Brown, our new manager at the airport .	Yes, certainly . How can I recognize him?	He is short, well-built, and he ’ s got light blond hair.
rep-0870	How far do we have to go ?	About 50 miles .	The traffic is not very heavy on this high way , is it ? So I ’ m sure we ’ ll make it .	No , but we ’ Ve got a hurry . It will be the rush hour soon .
rep-0871	Who gave my dog this cooked chicken bone?
rep-0872	Should we ask Jason to play ? He's always watching movies on HBO .	I guess we should invite him . I just hope he doesn't start talking about Sylvester Stallone and Arnold Schwarzenegger again .	Oh , come on ! The game is better with three people . Anyway , if we don't ask him to play , he'll be mad .
rep-0873	Good evening . Welcome to Cherry's . Do you have a reservation ?	No , we don't .	How many of you , please ?	Six , including two kids .
rep-0874	Well , known , Jim , I'm ... I'm pretty much in favour of your computers , I think computers teach kids to think , because they require logical thoughts .	But I ... I don't agree with thatbecause computers weaken kids'ability to thinkbecause kids don't learn basic skills .	What do you mean ?	They can't spell , they can't add , they can't subtract , they even don't remember any more . that's because they rely on gadgets .	That's not the gadgets . Creating programmes is stimulate thoughts . It engages their imagination and sharpen their mind .
rep-0875	You've heard of Bruce Jenner, haven't you?	He won the decathlon in the 1976 Olympics, right?	I read that he trained so much that he used to dream about jumping hurdles .	I can think of better things to dream about ...
rep-0876	Is there anything I can do for you ?	Would you please show me that mural ?	Certainly . Here you are .	It looks so beautiful . How much is it ?	Four hundred yuan .	That's a bit more than I wanted to pay . Can you cut the price down a bit ?	I'm sorry . Ours is a fixed price shop and I can assure you this is the best price you can get for a mural like this .
rep-0877	What would you like to have for dinner? Chicken or beef?	Chicken, please .	Good choice!	What kind of drinks do you have?	Well, we have all kinds of beverages in addition to fruit juices .	In that case, let me have a glass of orange juice .	Anything else?	I would like to have some tea as well.
rep-0878	Welcome to the company . We are conducting a survey of new employees to find out what influenced them to choose our company .	That's easy . It was your office ergonomics that decided me .	You're kidding! Something as simple as that?
rep-0879	How many languages can you speak?	I can speak French and German .	How well can you speak them?	I can speak German quite well, but I can't speak French very well .	Can you help me to translate these sentences into German now?
rep-0880	Are you finished?	Yes.May I have some more beer?	Oh, sure . I'll be back in a minute.Thank you for waiting . Here it is.Did you enjoy your meal?	Yes, the meal was very delicious and I enjoyed very much . I'm full .	Is that so? I'm glad you enjoyed it .	By the way, Miss.Where is the toilet?	Toilets are in the rear . I'm afraid all the toilets are fully occupied at the moment.
rep-0881	For the 100th anniversary of the opening of the library we are going to have a party .	That's a wonderful way to celebrate this grand old library !	I hoped you would be willing to brainstorm with me for party ideas .	That is right up my alley . You say party and I'm there .
rep-0882	How far do we have to go?	About 50 miles .	The traffic is not very heavy on this high way, is it? So I ’ m sure we ’ ll make it.
rep-0883	Good evening . What'll you have?	I'd like a beer . What kind of beer do you have?	Draft beer and cans beer . Which do you prefer?	A draft beer please.
rep-0884	I have a stomachache .	Well , you'd better lie down now . You need a good rest .
rep-0885	I prefer potatoes to eggplants .	I feel eggplants are more nutritious .	But as a matter of fact , potatoes taste better .
rep-0886	Are you going to vote?	Of course! Are you?	I plan to, but what day is the election?	You should know that .	Can you just tell me?	The election is this Tuesday .	Are you serious?	I ’ m not kidding .	It ’ s a good thing I asked you.
rep-0887	You look upset , anything wrong ?	I'm going to quit the job .
rep-0888	It's too hot to read .	We'd better go out for a walk .	Which season do you like best?	Spring .	How about summer?	I dislike it most .	Why?	Because the hottest season is summer in a year .	But sometimes summer is more charming than the other seasons.
rep-0889	The stepmother was very wicked . She couldn't stand a happy smile on the boy's face .	And?	And she did her best to pull out the thorn in her flesh and the boy lost whatever made him happy.
rep-0890	Jack wonders whether Linda likes him or not .	Why doesn't he ask her?	He is too scared to ask her.
rep-0891	I heard you've found a new job .	Yes, I'm now working in a company .	So you're quite happy with your new job?
rep-0892	It's quit a big cafeteria, isn't it?	Sure . I usually have my lunch here . The food is tasty and they offer a big variety .	Let's line up . The steak is very inviting . I'll have it.
rep-0893	I'm so glad I bought this watch!	Cool! Flashy red lines!	I think this is the coolest watch I've ever owned .	Is it waterproof?	Isn't that a silly question? You know how much of an athlete I am.
rep-0894	So how did I do on my driving test?
rep-0895	Mike! Look at the floor!	What's wrong with it?	What's wrong with it? It's filthy!
rep-0896	How was your business trip ?
rep-0897	Did you get Bean's ten different good luck forwards , like that one from the Dalai Lama ?	Yeah , I deleted all that superstitious crap . What a waste of bandwidth !	I figured I might as well send one or two of them out . Maybe my luck will get better .	Do you really think the Dalai Lama sent that ? I'm tired of all these forwards .
rep-0898	Good morning . My name is Mr . Brown . I ’ m from Australia . Here is my card .	Thank you . I ’ m pleased to meet you, Mr . Brown . My name is Kathy Pewless, the representative of Green Textile Import and Export Corporation .	Pleased to meet you too, Ms . Pewless . I travel a lot every year on business, but this is my first visit to your country . I must say I have been much impressed by your friendly people.
rep-0899	Morning, Peter . Nice suit! A new one?	Oh, yes . My wife bought it for me yesterday . Hmm, you look nice in that yellow dress . Yellow suits you really well .	Maybe . Several people have suggested that I get more yellow clothes . They say the color suits me because I have a fair complexion .	That's right . You know, pink, green and black could also be good for you . Actually, I think that all colors are okay for a person with your complexion . It's just that different colors can give people different impressions . For example, black could make you look mature, while pink could make you look young and energetic.
rep-0900	What would you like to have for dinner ? Chicken or beef ?	Chicken , please .	Good choice !	What kind of drinks do you have ?	Well , we have all kinds of beverages in addition to fruit juices .	In that case , let me have a glass of orange juice .
rep-0901	Can I help you?	Yes, I'm in a bit of a rush . Could I have a piece of apple pie please?	Certainly . Would you like it with ice cream?
rep-0902	Hello , Bessie .	Hello , Jack.Happy birthday !	My birthday ? I forgot it , Thank you for remembering my birthday .	I'd like to offer you my congratulations on your birthday and best wishes for your future happiness , good health and continued success . I've asked the Fairy Flowers to send you a bunch of flowers . I hope you'll like them .
rep-0903	I'm sorry I'm late .	Better late than never.
rep-0904	Could you tell me if you have ever taken a class from Dr . Miller?
rep-0905	Ah, here we are .	This is the place I was telling you about .	Would you like to sit near the window?	Good .	Let's have a look at the menu . Oh, there isn't a menu . Do you think you could ask the people at the next table if we could look at their menu?	Yes, of course . Excuse me . Could you possibly let us see your menu? Oh . They haven't got one either.
rep-0906	We have another traditional holiday-the Dragon Boat Festival .	When is it ?	It falls on the fifth day of the fifth lunar month .	Could you tell me the origin of the two festivals ?	OK . The Dragon Boat Festival is a way to commemorate a great ancient poet named Quyuan . On that day , people will hold a boat race as a symbol of the attempt to save him who threw himself into the river .
rep-0907	May I help you , ma'ma ?	Please , where do I catch the plane for New York ?
rep-0908	Mary seems depressed . What ’ s the matter?	She didn ’ t expect to get a kick in the teeth after a day ’ s hard work.
rep-0909	Hey ! What are you doing here ?	I'm just shopping .	What are you shopping for ?	Some new clothes . How about you ?	Same here .	Have you found anything nice yet ?	I found a few pairs of pants .
rep-0910	It's getting late . I really have to go .	I hope we'll get together again soon .	I hope so . A good journey to you !
rep-0911	John , I ’ d like you to meet Charles Brown , our new manager at the airport .
rep-0912	we really were lucky . We got the last available table for two---and we didn't even have a reservation ! Did you see the long lines behind us ?	yeah , I'm glad that we didn't have to wait long . I'm starving !	let's take a look at the menu so we can order . Do you want to choose an appetizer for us to share ?	what would you rather have , samosas or poppadoms ?	I heard that one of their specialities is the samosa .	well , let's get a plate of those then .	sounds good . What are you going to have for your main course ?	I think I might have a dahl .	what's in a dahl ?
rep-0913	Did you pack this bag yourself? Has it been out of your possession at any time before checking-in?	Yes, I packed it myself, and it hasn ’ t been out of my possession .	Are you bringing in any plants or animal products?	No .	Our sniffer dog seems to disagree . Do you mind if we look in your suitcase?
rep-0914	Mike ! Look at the floor !	What's wrong with it ?	What's wrong with it ? It's filthy !	Oh ...	It's filthy because you never wipe your shoes .
rep-0915	Can I help you ?	Yes , I would like to buy a Walkman . Can you tell me about the models you have ?	Well , we have a lot of models here.Did you want to listen to CD's or cassettes or the radio ?
rep-0916	We are going to have a picnic tomorrow at the picnic center .	That's great .	Now let's get things ready .	Don't worry . There are all kinds of things in the center .	That's much more convenient . We don't even have to bring the flavorings.
rep-0917	Don ’ t you agree that all the thieves should be punished by cutting off their fingers ?
rep-0918	Excuse me , could you help me pick out a lotion ?	Sure , what is the problem ?	I got poison oak while hiking , and I need something to help me with the itching .	I can suggest a product called Techne that comes in a lotion or cream .	Which do you prefer ?	Hikers tell me that the cream is best because it stays on longer .	Is there anything else I can do to help with the itching ?
rep-0919	Hi ! I'm happy you could make it .	Well , I've been looking forward to seeing you .	What can I get you ?	I'd love a gin and tonic .
rep-0920	How do you get road news?	I've a driver mate in my car!	So you have all the news on broadcast?
rep-0921	Is this a duty-free shop ?	Yes , sir . What can I do for you ?	I want to buy some specialties . Can you recommend me some ?	Sure . I strongly advise you to buy a bottle of perfume and a lighter .	Fine . They look nice . I will take both of them .	May I have a look at your passport , please ?
rep-0922	What can I do for you?	I'd like to buy some milk powder . What would you recommend?	We have many kinds of different purpose . I wonder whom you are buying for?	My son . He is two years old.
rep-0923	Next, please .	Could I purchase Euro with RIB here? I have to stay here for months .	Yes, the rate for cash purchases is listed on the electronica screen, so you have seen the rate of exchange.
rep-0924	So, you ’ re applying for a B2 visa, where is your final destination and what ’ s the purpose of your trip to the United States?	I ’ m going to visit my brother . he ’ s just had a baby . He lives in Minneapolis .	And how long do you you plan to remain in the United States?	I ’ ll be here for approximately three weeks . See, here ’ s my return ticket for the twenty-sixth of March .	And, who is sponsoring your trip?	My brother, here, this is an invitation letter from him . I will stay with him and his family in their home .	Alright, tell me about the ties you have to your home country .	Well, I own a house . actually, I ’ m leaving my dog there with my neighbors . I have a car at home, and oh, my job! I ’ m employed by Tornal as an engineer . Actually, I only have three weeks ’ vacation, so I have to go back to work at the end of March .	And what evidence do you have that you are financially independent?
rep-0925	Excuse me . Check please .	OK , how was everything ?	Very nice . Thank you .	Would you like this to-go ?	Yes , can you put it in a plastic bag ?	Sure , no problem . Here you are . That'll be 25 dollars .
rep-0926	What do you need today?	I need to take a few classes .	What kind of classes would you like to take?	How about a driver's course?	Okay, you're going to need to make an appointment .	I don't understand why I need to make an appointment.
rep-0927	Has your company been affected much by government legislation ?	Yes , we have . We've had to clean up our production process a lot to meet tough government standards .
rep-0928	You seem to very busy these days . What are you doing?	I am swapped with work after 10 - day holiday .	Where did you spend your holiday?	I went to Paris.
rep-0929	Why didn't you tell me you had a girlfriend ?	Sorry , I thought you knew .	But you should tell me you were in love with her .	Didn't I ?	You know you didn't .	Well , I am telling you now .	Yes , but you might have told me before .	I didn't think you would be interested .	You can't be serious . How dare you not tell me you are going to marry her ?	Sorry , I didn't think it mattered .	Oh , you men ! You are all the same .
rep-0930	Are you busy tomorrow morning?	I'm free . What's up?	Someone has to pick up the boss at the airport .	Oh, I just remembered I've got a report to write.
rep-0931	It ’ s so great to be here! I ’ m so excited to help you and my daughter with your new home!	We ’ re glad that you ’ re here . Would you like a tour of the house?	That ’ d be great, but could I have a cup of tea first?
rep-0932	Good evening . Welcome to Cherry's . Do you have a reservation ?	No , we don't .	How many of you , please ?	Six , including two kids .	I'm afraid all the big tables are taken .
rep-0933	how long will it take us to drive to London ?	I think it ’ s a distance of 180 kilometers from here to London , so it should be a two-hour drive on the motorway .	that ’ s unless there is a traffic jam . It could take three hours .	you ’ re right . We will be able to travel at high speeds at the beginning and end of the journey , because we will be in built-up areas .
rep-0934	Do you know Sally?	Sally . She is a bachelor girl . She is an excellent designer . Many of the company's advertisements are her child trains .	Why is she still single? She must have a face that would stop clock .	Oh, quite the other way round . She is a knock-out . She devotes much of her time to her career.
rep-0935	Jenny, what's wrong with you? Why do you keep weeping like that?
rep-0936	Hi Jim . Do you have a minute?	Sure, what ’ s up?	Some of us are going to start a soccer team . Would you like to join us?	I don ’ t know anything about it . Soccer isn ’ t as popular in my country as it is here .	That ’ s all right . We ’ ll teach you .	Is it anything like American football?	Not very much . It ’ s something like hockey, except that you use a big ball and no stick .	I ’ ll come down and watch you play some day, and see what it ’ s like.
rep-0937	Yesterday I had a quarrel with my roommate . I'm really fed up with all this .	Tell me what seems to be the problem .	My roommate always brings a lot of friends from off-campus . They stay in the room until midnight, singing and talking, drinking and playing cards while I have no place for study . I even don't have the quietness to sleep.
rep-0938	I only want a little off the top and the sides and back to have clean lines .	Okay . Is your hair naturally curly or is it a perm?	It's natural . My friend told me you know how to work with curls .	That's my specialty . Let me put this around your neck.
rep-0939	Who's it knocking at the door ?	I think it's the postman.Will you go and open the door ?
rep-0940	How much is the rent?	The rent is $1500 per month .	And how much is the deposit?
rep-0941	Look , how grand magnificent the Tiananmen Gate tour is !	What's Tiananmen famous for ?	It is largest pop square in the world.you see that is monument for the people's hero , and the Chairman Mao memorial hall on the south.there is great hall of the people on the west.there are two museums on the east .
rep-0942	Ms . Wang, this is Mr . Cooper, president of Ivy Publishing .	It's nice to meet you, Mr . Cooper .	Nice to meet you, Ms . Wang . You must be exhausted after your long trip from Canada.
rep-0943	Now please tell me something about your past work achievements .	All right , madam . When I was sales manager at the Beijing Friendship Store . I succeeded in raising the yearly sales volume by 25 % and profit margins from 50 % to 80 % .	That is quite an achievement ! Do you consider it your most rewarding work experience ?	I don't think so . I'll create further achievement in the future .	Have you received any honors ?	Yes . I got the title of " Advance Worker " in 2006 .
rep-0944	It is too bad today .	What happened?	My som was lost . I told him to stand rooted to the spot when I went shopping, but he ignored it.
rep-0945	Look! Mom, that's amazing! I can't believe the girls have so neat movements .	Yeah, they all received very strict training . A minute on the stage takes ten-year practice .	And all their movements are so elegant . It seems like dancing in the water .	Exactly, you know, water ballet puts dancing, music and swimming together .	There you go! Daddy has told me that water ballet is also called Synchronized Swimming .	That's my boy! Katherine Curtis created this activity in 1920 . And in 1984, it was authorized as one activity in Olympic Games .	Wow, Mom is more knowledgeable than Dad . I must learn from you .	My little boy, you should learn more from me . I'm almost thirty years older than you.
rep-0946	You seem to very busy these days . What are you doing ?	I am swapped with work after 10 - day holiday .
rep-0947	Honey , the house is such a mess ! I need you to help me tidy up a bit . My boss and her husband are coming over for dinner and the house needs to be spotless !	I ’ m in the middle of something right now . I ’ ll be there in a second .	This can ’ t wait ! I need your help now !	Alright , alright . I ’ m coming .	Ok , here ’ s a list of chores we need to get done . I'll do the dishes and get all the groceries for tonight . You can sweep and mop the floors . Oh , and the furniture needs to be dusted .	You know what , I have to pick something up at the mall , so why don ’ t you clean the floors and I'll go to the supermarket and get all the groceries .
rep-0948	Hello , is this the ABC company ?	Yes , may I help you ?	We have just arrived from Tokyo only ... looking for a reserve car of your company . All of above , we cannot find it .
rep-0949	Is it your first time to join the sports meeting of Junior High School ?
rep-0950	Ann , do you have time next Monday ?	Yeah , what ’ s up ?	Next Monday is my birthday , and I would like you to attend my party .	Wow . I'd love to .	Great !	When and where ?	Five o ’ clock that afternoon , and in my place , you know ?
rep-0951	Dave, there's something I want to talk to you about .	Zina, why are you whispering?	I've been talking to WebTracker . I'm thinking of jumping ship .	What? Are you serious? You'd defect to our archrival!?	Keep your voice down . We'll talk more later . Right now I need to see Vince .	We definitely have to talk, Zina . And watch your back . Elvin is still mad about his nose .	OK, but don't tell anyone what I said.
rep-0952	Excuse me . Is this where I catch the bus for the zoo ?
rep-0953	Can I get my dress today ?	You have ordered a red dress , is that right ?
rep-0954	I often recalled the days when Tom and I were madly in love .
rep-0955	What a mess!	Sorry . I'll clean it up.
rep-0956	I need help using the washer and dryer .	Tell me what the problem is .	I can't figure out how to turn them on .	Do you have some quarters ?	I didn't know I needed change .	The washer costs 50 cents and the dryer costs a dollar .
rep-0957	Hello , Bessie .	Hello , Jack.Happy birthday !	My birthday ? I forgot it , Thank you for remembering my birthday .
rep-0958	What would you like for Christmas ?	I would like to have that new style Gl Joe .
rep-0959	I'm not really accustomed to the style of the new boss.
rep-0960	Can I get my dress today?	You have ordered a red dress, is that right?
rep-0961	Did you watch the final last night? My favorite singer won!	Oh, I love him too . He not only sings well but also shows perseverance when he encounters difficulties in the contest .	Yeah, he got booted after his initial performance in the audition, but he did not give up . He then tried at another two auditions .	He had barely survived the third audition and finally got a chance to advance in the contest . Fortunately, in the third audition, he has won popularity among the audience . And that's when I started to notice him.
rep-0962	Excuse me . Check please.
rep-0963	I can ’ t bear it . The driver is too bad .
rep-0964	What do you need today ?	I need to take a few classes .	What kind of classes would you like to take ?	How about a driver's course ?	Okay , you're going to need to make an appointment .	I don't understand why I need to make an appointment .
rep-0965	Room service , is there anything I can do for you ?	Yes , I am afraid there are not enough outlets .	Well , we have 6 for each room .
rep-0966	For the 100th anniversary of the opening of the library we are going to have a party .	That's a wonderful way to celebrate this grand old library!	I hoped you would be willing to brainstorm with me for party ideas .	That is right up my alley . You say party and I'm there .	Perfect . It will be open to the public and we anticipate roughly about five to seven hundred people.
rep-0967	It really makes my blood boil when this sort of thing happens . I even want to wring his neck.
rep-0968	How much will my pay be , if you don ’ t mind my asking ?	We would like to start you off at 1,500 yuan a month , not including bonus and overtime pay . We don ’ t give bonus every month , but we offer a semi-annual bonus . And you will receive two weeks paid vacation a year , as well . Does it suit you ?	Yes , thank you . May I ask for an apartment ?	No problem . We'll supply you with an apartment of two bedrooms and a living room .
rep-0969	Dave, there's something I want to talk to you about .	Zina, why are you whispering?	I've been talking to WebTracker . I'm thinking of jumping ship.
rep-0970	Come in , come in , what can I do for you ?	Professor Donald , are you giving your advanced geology course again next semester ?	Yes , I am applying on it .	I wonder if I could enroll in it . I know it is a graduate course and I ' m a junior , but ...	Aren't you a bit young ? I have a lot of qualified seniors to take the course and they usually have a hard time keeping up .
rep-0971	I see Mike farmer has make it into the Olympic team . He beat the national record by 0.1 of a second .	That ’ s great . He ’ s the best runner I ’ Ve seen this season . I ’ m sure he ’ ll win a medal at the Olympics .	I think you ’ re right . I think we have a very good athletics team . They should do well in the Olympics . How many medals do you think we ’ ll win?
rep-0972	Have you any round-neck sweater ?	Yes . Actually our range of sweaters is the most comprehensive available .	Can I try this one on ?	Sure , go ahead .	The color is too bright.For my age , I would prefer a lighter color .
rep-0973	Come on , you are left behind !	Wow , I can't catch my breath . You are running too fast , honey .	You just need more exercise .
rep-0974	We've managed to reduce our energy consumption in our factory by about 15 per cent in the last two years .	That's excellent . How have you managed that?	Mainly because we've invested in a heat recovery system .	What does that mean exactly?	Well, we use the exhaust gases from our printing presses to provide energy to heat our dryers .	What other sources of energy do you use?	We don't use any fossil fuels . Most of our power comes from hydro-electric plants . We're hoping to use even more energy from alternative sources in the future - perhaps even wind power.
rep-0975	How old is Keith?	He's 21 . How old is James?	He's a year older than Keith, but he looks younger .	How's your father?	He's fine . He retired last week . It's a turning point in his life . Now he can relax and enjoy his retirement.
rep-0976	Hey, how was the show?
rep-0977	The plumbing in my new apartment is not working .	I need you to tell me what the problem is .	The bathroom sink is stopped up .	Is the kitchen plumbing messed up also, or just the bathroom plumbing?	Just the bathroom plumbing seems to have a problem .	Did this just start happening, or has it been going on for a while?	Everything worked beautifully until a few hours ago .	Are you going to be home so I can come by and take a look at the problem?
rep-0978	Sarah, what did you do today?	I went shopping .	Did you buy anything?	Yes, I bought a few things .	What did you buy?	I bought this coat . Do you like it?	Yeah, I like it a lot . It's very pretty . Where did you buy it?	At the mall on 5th street .	Was it expensive?	No, it wasn't expensive . It was on sale for 20 dollars .	That's cheap .	I know . It was a really good deal .	I don't think you'll need to wear it for a while . It's been really hot lately.
rep-0979	how long will it take us to drive to London ?	I think it ’ s a distance of 180 kilometers from here to London , so it should be a two-hour drive on the motorway .
rep-0980	Good morning , sir . Sorry to disturb you . May I make up the room now ?	Yes , please . We're on our way out , so we put the ' make up ' sign on . Could you bring us some towels and hangers ?
rep-0981	I prefer potatoes to eggplants .	I feel eggplants are more nutritious .	But as a matter of fact, potatoes taste better .	Oh, that's how you see it.
rep-0982	Good afternoon , how may I help you ?	Hi , I'd like to order some flowers .	Who are they for ?	They're for my Wife . Her name is Samantha .	What kind of flowers would you like ?	I don't know . I don't know too much about flowers . Can you recommend something ?	OK . What's the reason you are sending her flowers ?	Today's her birthday and she told me she wants me to buy her flowers .	Do you know what kind of flowers she likes ?	I'm not sure . I know I should know that , but I can't remember right now .	Well , they're for your wife , so I think you should give her roses .	Roses will be fine .	What color ?	I think red would be nice .	Do you want to pick them up or should we deliver them ?	Can you deliver them , please ?	What's the address ?	241 Main street .
rep-0983	His grandfather is the richest person in the area.
rep-0984	I have to check out today . I'd like my bill ready by 10 this morning .
rep-0985	what did you do last night ?	I just stayed at home and watched TV .	did you watch the Barcelona versus Madrid game ?	yes , it was a very evenly matched game .	what were the results of the game ?	it ended in a tie .	what was the actual score ?	it was three all .	really ? I thought Barcelona was going to win . They are a much better team than Madrid .	if Barcelona had played as they normally do , they should have won .	what happened ?	their goalkeepers got injured after the first goal , but he kept on playing anyway .	that explains it .	how many more games are left this season ?	that was the last game before the playoffs .
rep-0986	What's your favorite book?	It's Gone With the Wind .	Why do you like it best?	I enjoy the various characters and the plot .	Well . I like the Thom Birds best .	Is it very interesting?	Sure . I like the writer's language, too .	If I have a chance, I'll enjoy the book .	Would you like to go to the bookshop with me?
rep-0987	Have you decided what you ’ re going to do during your holiday ?	Yes . I ’ m going to travel around Europe .	Wow , that sounds great ! Where are you going ?	I think I will start off in Paris . Then I ’ m going to take the train to Nice and then go on to Milan .	Oh that will be lovely . You ’ ll be able to do lots of shopping I expect .	Oh yes and try lots of new food too .
rep-0988	how are you?	I ’ m fine, thanks . Just trying to get adjusted . It ’ s hard to keep track of everything around here.
rep-0989	What a mess !
rep-0990	You've heard of Bruce Jenner , haven't you ?
rep-0991	Farmer's Pet Store .	Can you please tell me where you are located?	Sure, we are off Singing Road, close to the bank.
rep-0992	I'd like you to do me a favor .
rep-0993	hi my name is marie how are you today ?	hey marie . i am well thank you . how old are you ?	hi my name is marie how are you today ?	hey marie . i am well thank you . how old are you ?	i am 30 years old .	cool . i am just a girl . i am 12 years old .	and i am color blind , its nice to meet you .	so you cannot tell the color of my rollercoasters ? i love them !	i sure cannot , i ran a blog about rescuing rabbits	cool . i do tae kwan do . i am a champion !	yea ! i like to compete body building so we have a little in common !	we can train together . my dad is a tae kwan do instructor .	wonderful ! i would really like that	i live in ohio but i have never been out of state .	is that so , do you know anything about theodore roosevelt ?	i only know he was the president of the united states .
rep-0994	hello , how are you tonight ?	great . how are you doing	hello , how are you tonight ?	great . how are you doing	doing good , just getting my girls down for the night .	how many do you have	three girls , do you have children ?	a boy and a girl . 12 and 9 . angelic monsters lol	one of each that is good . the girls can be a hand full .	who you telling . haha . my girl is a hundred times more stressful .	my mom was a teacher and i am not sure how she did it .	kudos to her . i am exhausted half way through the day .	yes , me to ! i was born later so she has lots of patients .	well good for her . do you like barbecue . i am a pro at it	i do like barbecue , it is one of my favorite .	how about scary movies ? those are my favorite
rep-0995	hello there , how are you today ?	just as fantastic as i possibly can be and yourself ?	hello there , how are you today ?	just as fantastic as i possibly can be and yourself ?	i am doing so good thank you ! lots of studying tonight for me .	what are you studying , may i ask ?	i am studying law currently . kind of a challenge but worth it !
rep-0996	hi , do you want to be friends ?	sure ! can always use more friends . tell me about you	hi , do you want to be friends ?	sure ! can always use more friends . tell me about you	well i am a secretary now , but i am looking for better work	awesome ! i would love to be a fashion designer ! are you married ? kids ?	nah , i just finished college so maybe i will have time for marriage now	congrats on graduating ! i am married but no kids yet . we want kids in the future !	thank you ! i am lucy by the way .	i had a friend in high school named lucy but she stole my boyfriend lol	well i promise not to make a move on your husband lol	thanks ; hehe so what do you like to do ?	well does eating candy count as a hobby ?	absolutely ! my mom and dad were always gone growing up so i am used to eating junk .
rep-0997	how are you today ? i like you	i am great . just relaxing and knitting some hats for the babies at my old job .	how are you today ? i like you	i am great . just relaxing and knitting some hats for the babies at my old job .	where did you use to work ?	childrens hospital until i became disabled . what do you do ?	i rent out houses to people	that is a great industry . what kind of music do you like ?	like people who are handy ?	yes . i love to cook and i am looking for someone to build me some cooling racks .	lol , i like classic cars	me too what is your favorite ? chevelle ? cadillac ? oldsmobile ?	i get sick on seafood	i prefer to cook vegan food . what do you like to eat ?	i like to eat fried foods	well they are not good for you but they taste great ! do you like french fries ?
rep-0998	hello how are you?	i am fine shopping for clothes wyd?	hello how are you?	i am fine shopping for clothes wyd?	what kind of clothes? i am just playing with ginger my golden retriever
rep-0999	good evening . how are you?	having a quiet evening at home with my cats . how are you?	good evening . how are you?	having a quiet evening at home with my cats . how are you?	doing the same . listening to some country music .	i love country music! the stories always give me ideas for writing .	i knit hats for infants at the hospital so i play country music a lot .	sounds like a very cozy life . do you like restaurants?	i do . i am vegan so its hard to order . i love cooking at home tho .	there are no vegan restaurants on the island where i live .	where do you live at?	a small island almost no one has heard of	i lived on harkers island in north carolina when i was younger .	there are some great romance novels set in nc .	so i have heard . i have never read any tho .	i prefer to write rather than read.
rep-1000	hello . i like the outdoors , particularly the arctic .	i actually live in oklahoma and love the outdoors too .	hello . i like the outdoors , particularly the arctic .	i actually live in oklahoma and love the outdoors too .	do you know how to fish ? i spend a lot of time practicing the skill of fishing .	yes . grew up on a reservation and everyone was taught how to fish .	i used to teach students about the world but providing for myself was more enjoyable .	do you think you will ever go back to teaching ?	i do not . exploring the world has become a greater passion to me .	it is great to help other people , though .	i believe my education and exploration will provide the world with more help .	have you been to the arctic , then ? personally i am too afraid of heights !	yes i have ! i have adopted the skill of hunting for polar bears even !
rep-1001	hello, how is your night going?	going well, what do you do for a living?	hello, how is your night going?	going well, what do you do for a living?	i am very young, but hope to be a professional dancer someday .	that is cool . what kind of dance?	modern dance and ballet are my favorite . do you dance too?	no, i am really into nutrition and fitness though .	oh nice . my father used to be very into fitness as well . do you play sports?	not these days, i am mostly too busy with my dieting business to play many sports .	is the shop on edris island? maybe i could stop in one day .	i am not sure where that is .	its where my sister, ralph and i live .	is ralph a pet of yours?	yes, he is my dog . how did you know?
rep-1002	hello , how are you today ?	good . i am just painting a picture of my horses .	hello , how are you today ?	good . i am just painting a picture of my horses .	i love horses ! do you have a farm ?	no , just two horses which i love .	i live in seattle in an apartment . i do not have room for an apartment .	you mean room for a horse , right ?	oops , yes . also , i could not afford to take care of a horse .	i live in a city too but board them nearby .	that is cool . i just got out of college . i do have a cat though .	i do not but like them . i just have my horses .	do you ride the horses ?	of course . i ride them all the time and spend time with them .	my grandparents had horses they rode and some they did not .	i paint pictures of mine . that is my other hobby , painting .	i teach kindergartners . we do finger painting .
rep-1003	hey, where do you work?
rep-1004	hey . how are you? tell me something about you?	hi, here is not much to me other than i like to stay at home	hey . how are you? tell me something about you?	hi, here is not much to me other than i like to stay at home	as a homeschooled student, i am home as well .	yeah, i do not really like to do anything but sit down and watch tv	one of my interests in engineering . i built my best friend .	that is nice . i do not like any kind of physical activity	you should get out more . being sedentary leads to obesity	i tried but i do not like exercising .	where are you from? i find location may be the reason you are a home body.
rep-1005	i am drunk on scotch right now , you ?	i cannot afford alcohol . i can barely afford to pay my other bills each month .	i am drunk on scotch right now , you ?	i cannot afford alcohol . i can barely afford to pay my other bills each month .	i use to work at the local carnival , i can understand a tight budget	i work as a kindergarten teacher . i love kids !	kids are over rated , i like cats	i see . did you graduate college ? i just did two years ago .	i did , school for superheros	that is awesome ! where is that ? i live in seattle .	monkey shoulder virginia where they produce superhero movies the evil ones	i have not heard of that town . i share an apartment with 2 roommates .
rep-1006	hey there how are you?	i am doing super good! how are you?	hey there how are you?	i am doing super good! how are you?	my name is joanna an i sing professionally	oh that sounds so cool! my name is melanie . i am still in high school .	hey there that is cool, my pops is a farmer an my mom teaches	cool . does your mom like to shop? i really enjoy going to the mall .	not sure she is always talking about kids lol like movies?	i am not into movies . i would love to have my own fashion line.
rep-1007	hello ! what are you doing ?	i am working on my latest quilt , do you have hobbies ?	hello ! what are you doing ?	i am working on my latest quilt , do you have hobbies ?	yes ! i have exotic fish and just finished cleaning their aquarium .	wow that is a cool bet . do they have names ?	larry moe curly dory and nemo . not original . what kind of quilt are you making ?
rep-1008	hello i am alison . what is your name?	judy . what do you like about sundays? football watching is what i like!	hello i am alison . what is your name?	judy . what do you like about sundays? football watching is what i like!	on sundays i like to paint	what is your favorite food? cheese pizza is mine .	i like pizza too, although not my favorite, i like italian food	do you have any pets? i have three . all dogs . i love them!	i have 2 horses . what type of dogs do you have?	wow expensive . i have a yorkie, maltese and a mix breed .	how cute, i love little dogs . what are they called?	christmas, joy and jingle . i love christmas! my favorite holiday . how about you?	ha ha, yes christmas is great	how do you feel about halloween? i like it as well . it is fun!	i do not like halloween, too scary	it can be! especially the movies that come out . i love some though .	i would rather see animated movies, never horror films	i like those too . i do not like gore and nasty . just innocent ones.
rep-1009	hi , how are you ?	i am doing good . listening to some john denver .	hi , how are you ?	i am doing good . listening to some john denver .	awesome ! i am a huge music fan . taylor swift is my absolute favorite singer	oh . what do you like to do ?	what do you like to do in your spare time ?
rep-1010	hey there ! whats your favorite movie ? mine is titanic	mine is captain america , civil war ! my daddy took me to see it before he died .
rep-1011	hi how are you doing
rep-1012	hello, how are you doing?	doing great watching a little sports on tv	hello, how are you doing?	doing great watching a little sports on tv	very cool, i used to watch soccer when i traveled abroad	i enjoy watching soccer a lot . i played some sports in high school .	i used to play in kindergarten, i met my best friend in kindergarten
rep-1013	hey there are you allergic to dogs? i am to cats	no that would suck i love dogs	hey there are you allergic to dogs? i am to cats	no that would suck i love dogs	i love dogs not cats so it is cool, my town is small, you?	well i am a real estate agent so i am always moving	gotcha that is nice, i love early mornings	it is nice, i am 34 and still wake up every morning to watch the sun rise	that is really nice, like homemade things?	what do you mean homemade things?	crafts, like art, got kids?	definitely, my major was from in the arts, i do not you?	what is the question? you lost me	i am not sure either, haha	what do you mean lol lol	trying to run out time, two can play at that!	who is? you asked me something i did not get lol
rep-1014	hello ! how are you today ?	i am okay . missing home today . i am part of the army . currently in south korea	hello ! how are you today ?	i am okay . missing home today . i am part of the army . currently in south korea
rep-1015	hello , how are you tonight ?	eating some yummy eggplant parmigiana . it is so good .	hello , how are you tonight ?	eating some yummy eggplant parmigiana . it is so good .	i grilled a bear steak earlier , it was awesome .	my dad in australia grills good steak .	does he go to church regularly ?	not really . the ocean is more his spiritual guide .	i know the ocean guides very well . i drive a ford .	is it a pinto ? i had one of those before becoming a stock broker .	no , a raptor . i need the horsepower .	awesome . any brothers and sisters ? i have a few and a dog charlie too .	no , just me . my parents divorced when i was a baby .	i am sorry to hear that . hope they were both there for you .	they were . daddy took me hunting and fishing .	i love fishing , we should take a boat out one day .
rep-1016	good evening . vietnam veteran here .	nice . i am in the south korean army .	good evening . vietnam veteran here .	nice . i am in the south korean army .	wow, i want to visit south korea one day, but i am in a wheelchair.
rep-1017	hello! how was your day?	hi i am joanna and i just graduated from usc . how are you?	hello! how was your day?	hi i am joanna and i just graduated from usc . how are you?	i am doing okay, but it was kind of a rough day at work .	my day was great . i was singing all day . i do it professionally	oh, nice! what type of music do you enjoy the most?	what kind of work? i like it all but mostly jazz and rock .	nursing . i have worked on the pediatric ward for many years .	i was born and raised in south carolina but hope to get away soon	where would you like to go?	anywhere but here . i am stuck on my parents farm	sounds awful . i would have a hard time living with my parents, especially my father.
rep-1018	hi , do you have sons ? i have two .	a younger brother and no children is all . besides dad	hi , do you have sons ? i have two .	a younger brother and no children is all . besides dad	i will be in a school of hairdresser , i also own a fish aquarium	really . fish raw is my meal . what kind of fish ?	i love exotic fish , you have a nice family .	my family is nice . we spend time at the weight room a lot	i love the 1950 era and the decorations of that era	we work out to hip hop artists and i love the 1990 era	it is a nice family event and healthy too	yes it is . i cherish those moments .	you are so much younger than me	am i how much younger ? how old are you ?	i bet you do not eat granola in the morning	no i do not . only fruit and coconut juice . also , water and supplements	i eat that daily younger folks can not stand it	that is what is good for the body and spirit .
rep-1019	hi . what are you up to tonight ?	i am just doing a bit of cleaning . my turtle , timothy , needs his tank cleaned .	hi . what are you up to tonight ?	i am just doing a bit of cleaning . my turtle , timothy , needs his tank cleaned .	my son wanted a cat but i am allergic so we have a turtle named kitten	that is so funny ! i have a cat named cricket ! lol	are you allergic to crickets ? lol	fortunately , not ! just an interesting tidbit to add in when meeting new people .	i live in the middle of nowhere crickets everywhere ! that would be a bad allergy !	yes , it would be ! my parents live in the middle of the ocean . . . bora bora	that sounds really exciting ! i love making jewelry with sea glass from vacations	what a neat hobby ! i spend my time playing ultimate frisbee	my kids homeschool group is really in to ultimate frisbee . i am not that coordinated .	i have always been pretty athletic so it works ! what other hobbies do you enjoy ?	i really like crocheting , reading , binge watching . mostly couch activities . lol
rep-1020	hey , i am here with my dogs , timbo and bananas	i love dogs ! we have a lot of them on my horse ranch .	hey , i am here with my dogs , timbo and bananas	i love dogs ! we have a lot of them on my horse ranch .	that is awesome ! what do you do with your horses ?	i train horses for a living . what do you do ?	i play frisbee competitively and it is so much fun	that is great ! i exercise every day to stay healthy and eat from my garden	yes . it is so important to state healthy so your dogs always have you	when i am on the ranch working i listen to john denver on my ipod
rep-1021	hi there, how are you?	not too bad . how about you	hi there, how are you?	not too bad . how about you	i am good . i have been working in my garden .	gardening is always fun . i like the guitar	i love walking, especially this time of year .	same . this is my favorite time of year .	what do you do for a living?	i read tarot cards and have a bunch of tattoos
rep-1022	hello . hold on, my dogs are begging for attention . how are you?
rep-1023	hello , how are you doing ?	you mean good and i m planning for my next travel	hello , how are you doing ?	you mean good and i m planning for my next travel	that is cool . i like to read when i have spare time .	so six country is the total of them	i have always wanted my family to be big . i am a mother of several kids .	the family the happier just like my garden is this you
rep-1024	hi there how are you doing?	i am doing ok how about you	hi there how are you doing?	i am doing ok how about you	i am good just got home from work.
rep-1025	how are you you tonight ? i am working on some crafts as we talk .	nice , is that what you always do after dinner ?	how are you you tonight ? i am working on some crafts as we talk .	nice , is that what you always do after dinner ?	usually . it is preparation for tomorrow . i homeschool my kid .	i spend all most all day in a school with my sea creature friends .
rep-1026	good evening . how are you?	having a quiet evening at home with my cats . how are you?	good evening . how are you?	having a quiet evening at home with my cats . how are you?	doing the same . listening to some country music .	i love country music! the stories always give me ideas for writing .	i knit hats for infants at the hospital so i play country music a lot .	sounds like a very cozy life . do you like restaurants?	i do . i am vegan so its hard to order . i love cooking at home tho .	there are no vegan restaurants on the island where i live.
rep-1027	hi this is josh . just got out of class . i am a law student .	hi josh, i am frank . i am on leave from the army .	hi this is josh . just got out of class . i am a law student .	hi josh, i am frank . i am on leave from the army .	oh . thank you for serving our country . do you have siblings . i am only child .	no siblings, my mother was not in my life . what do you like to do?
rep-1028	hi i am darlene and my family comes from canada .	hello how are you today ?	hi i am darlene and my family comes from canada .	hello how are you today ?	i am good , i love music especially country , how about you ?	i love to wake up before the sun shines .	i am a late sleeper but my favorite drink happens to be iced tea , do you have one ?	i love creating kids pop up books .	sounds like a lot of fun , i enjoy web design , the coding part of it .	my town population is only 2000 people .	wow everyone must know each other , i live in a large city .	i am my daughter teacher at homeschooling .
rep-1029	hi there . how are you doing	i am well thank you and yourself ?	hi there . how are you doing	i am well thank you and yourself ?	not too bad . just got back from horseback riding	horses i love them . i also like rabbits country music you ?	no country music for me . i am more of an introvert , how about you
rep-1030	hello . how are you today?	oh i am fine, just trying to find a good movie to watch.
rep-1031	hello how are you today	i am good how about you	hello how are you today	i am good how about you	i am great i just got engaged	oh how exciting that is . still looking for mister right	aww hope you find him soon they are hard to find now a days	yeah would help if i stay out of the clubs will not find him there
rep-1032	hi . i am sheila . i an 12 .	hey i am brian i am 14	hi . i am sheila . i an 12 .	hey i am brian i am 14	hi brian . i live in florida . i have never left here .	i live in louisiana i have been here my whole life	i love rollercoasters . i go to busch gardens all the time .	i use to like those but my anxiety be too bad for it and whats that	i use to have anxiety but then i took tae kwan do . i am a champ at it
rep-1033	its fall! finally time for the snow to come!!	i am from australia so i lobe a good snowfall	its fall! finally time for the snow to come!!	i am from australia so i lobe a good snowfall	i love australia . i went there to see metallica once!!	cool but i live in the usa . what city are you in?	i am was born in wisconsin but moved at 17 to oklahoma	i am in miami, i love america	its incredible right? i am a manger consultant so growing this country is awesome
rep-1034	hi! you read books? i love reading mysteries .	yes! i do art so i love all forms of expression	hi! you read books? i love reading mysteries .	yes! i do art so i love all forms of expression	lovely! my kids love reading too . i have seven of them!	wow that is a handful	haha . i also grew up in a large family on a large farm .	i am scared my kids will get my webbed toes	i hope not! i am a truck driver . what do you do for a living?	cleaner at research facility by day, artist by night	nice! you paint? blue is my favorite color .	more sculpture, i turn others trash into projects	that is interesting . can you sculpt david?	i could try, i am only five feet so cannot make anything too tall
rep-1035	hello, i love being at home where i can watch tv, which i love .	hello . i live in an apartment . it is a low income residence .	hello, i love being at home where i can watch tv, which i love .	hello . i live in an apartment . it is a low income residence .	do you live alone? i live with my husband whom i love very much .	yes i live alone because i do not want pets . i do not care for animals .	animals are a lot of work, and i do not like physical activity, or exercise.
rep-1036	hi . my name is lottie . i am a real estate agent . what do you do ?	hi , you like purple ? i love it . tracy here and i love pizza . you ?	hi . my name is lottie . i am a real estate agent . what do you do ?	hi , you like purple ? i love it . tracy here and i love pizza . you ?	my passion is preserving the environment . i sell houses for money , though .	good for you ! i am a rn . catholic and love one tree hill .
rep-1037	hey how are you doing this evening?	i am good, a little sleepy how about you? oh i am sneezing too .	hey how are you doing this evening?	i am good, a little sleepy how about you? oh i am sneezing too .	goodness, hope you feel better, i am tired having travelled home from my brothers wedding	i have been going to bed early and getting up early and i feel better now	that is fantastic . how do you unwind after a long day and fall asleep early?	i home school my son so i am always busy and always tired . i make myself relax	oh wow that is a challenge . i am sure it comes with great rewards though as well.
rep-1038	where do you want to live in the future ?
rep-1039	hi how are you doing	i am alright . except my feet, they are a little frog like .	hi how are you doing	i am alright . except my feet, they are a little frog like .	why is that . do you have kids?	no . i dream of kids to make art with .	i have sons . they are amazing lot of work tho	i see . do you have any trash i could have for my art?	not anything i can think of unless you like fish things
rep-1040	hey there how are you ?	i write books , cookbooks about diet	hey there how are you ?	i write books , cookbooks about diet	i am always tired but i am a old man	i am fine , i also have a dieting business that is growing .	what is the name of it ? i got 1 leg only	try to have pets , i have a dog and 2 cats it gives me energy	oh man , i use to serve the military	you are a very brave person , i love to exercise for long hours
rep-1041	hi! how are you doing today?	i am wonderful thank you . i am listening to classical music	hi! how are you doing today?	i am wonderful thank you . i am listening to classical music	very nice! what do you do for work?	i am what you call a water engineer
rep-1042	hi , i live in wine country , wrote a book at home , 17 with blue hair . you ?	i am a divorced mom with two kids and my job is an accountant .	hi , i live in wine country , wrote a book at home , 17 with blue hair . you ?
rep-1043	hi . do you have a favorite music group? mine is heart .	sorry! i am sort of shy .	hi . do you have a favorite music group? mine is heart .	sorry! i am sort of shy .	that is okay . heart really helped me through my divorce .	oh . i am sorry! i had not heard of heart .	well, they remind me of my dad . he was a firefighter .	ah . i do not really listen music . i prefer to build models of spaceships .	that is so cool! i could never do that . my mom read me stories about them .	my mom was a doctor and really encouraged my love of science .	my mom was a teacher .	oh that is awesome . my favorite teacher encouraged me to pursue computer science .	teachers really help us to find our dreams .	yeah, because of that i got a computer science degree in college.
rep-1044	hello , how are you today ?	hi . i am fine . my parents would be mad if they knew i was up .
rep-1045	good evening , hope you are well	i am , but sadly southern california is on fire	good evening , hope you are well	i am , but sadly southern california is on fire	oh no ! that is awful ! makes being born with a tail seem trivial .	i cant get to the set with all this fire traffic
rep-1046	hello ! i am so happy it is finally fall !	i am too , it really is my favorite season !	hello ! i am so happy it is finally fall !	i am too , it really is my favorite season !	mine too ! the weather is so perfect for ultimate frisbee .
rep-1047	hello, how is it going?	hi, i love riding horses on the beach . you?	hello, how is it going?	hi, i love riding horses on the beach . you?
rep-1048	hi there how are you doing?	i am good, thanks! and you?	hi there how are you doing?	i am good, thanks! and you?	feeling pretty well . have a gig to get ready for shortly	you performing there or going as audience member?
rep-1049	hello! i hope you have heard of the band rush	yes . i listen to them as i recover from surgery .	hello! i hope you have heard of the band rush	yes . i listen to them as i recover from surgery .	neil peart is an incredible drummer . i listen to them while i do graphic design
rep-1050	hello , how are you tonight ? i have to go home later .	hi . are you having a good day ?	hello , how are you tonight ? i have to go home later .	hi . are you having a good day ?
rep-1051	hello ! how was your day ?	hi i am joanna and i just graduated from usc . how are you ?	hello ! how was your day ?	hi i am joanna and i just graduated from usc . how are you ?	i am doing okay , but it was kind of a rough day at work .	my day was great . i was singing all day . i do it professionally	oh , nice ! what type of music do you enjoy the most ?	what kind of work ? i like it all but mostly jazz and rock .	nursing . i have worked on the pediatric ward for many years .	i was born and raised in south carolina but hope to get away soon	where would you like to go ?	anywhere but here . i am stuck on my parents farm	sounds awful . i would have a hard time living with my parents , especially my father .	my mom used to work in the pediatric ward but now she is a teacher .
rep-1052	hello , i love being at home where i can watch tv , which i love .	hello . i live in an apartment . it is a low income residence .	hello , i love being at home where i can watch tv , which i love .	hello . i live in an apartment . it is a low income residence .	do you live alone ? i live with my husband whom i love very much .
rep-1053	hey . how are you ? tell me something about you ?	hi , here is not much to me other than i like to stay at home	hey . how are you ? tell me something about you ?	hi , here is not much to me other than i like to stay at home	as a homeschooled student , i am home as well .	yeah , i do not really like to do anything but sit down and watch tv	one of my interests in engineering . i built my best friend .	that is nice . i do not like any kind of physical activity	you should get out more . being sedentary leads to obesity	i tried but i do not like exercising .	where are you from ? i find location may be the reason you are a home body .	that is what my loving husband says that i am
rep-1054	hi how are you doing?	i am well an you? like dogs .	hi how are you doing?	i am well an you? like dogs .	yes i have 2 german shepards	names? i have 3 dogs	i have a boy and a girl diesel and nala	awe how old are they?	26 where did you go to school i attended university of mississippi	i went here in ohio like pizza?	yes i do i usually order it every friday i am a real estate agent	what is your favorite holiday?	earth day since that what i do environmentalist	my fav is christmas i love that day	for the presents? or family
rep-1055	hey there . . how are you doing today ?	great ! just grading some papers and throwing some things in the crock pot .	hey there . . how are you doing today ?	great ! just grading some papers and throwing some things in the crock pot .	nice ! i just finished feeding my fish . . . i collect exotic fish btw	very cool ! my daughter wants a fish tank !	are you a teacher ? i go to school myself . . . for hairdressing	i am a literature teacher ! nothing like a good book ! nice ! !	cool . . . my sons are thankfully into literature . . both of them !	i wish my husband was ! my daughter just loves cooking like me .	i wish i could cook ! instead of eggs and bacon , i eat granola every day .	it is fun ! i love granola . what else are you into ?	i am really into decorating my home with vintage items from 1950 . how about yourself ?	that sounds amazing ! i am a devoted mom and wife . no me time anymore .	oh wow . . i can totally relate ! what would you like to do ?	i would love to take a cooking class in italy !	oh that sounds lovely ! same here !	my friend goes once a year and it looks amazing !
rep-1056	hello , how are you today ?	a little upset , listening to some pop punk to cheer me up .
rep-1057	hi! i just got back from a run . what are you doing?
rep-1058	hi want to get to know each other ?	yes , i would like that .	hi want to get to know each other ?	yes , i would like that .	what do you do ? i am going to be a nurse	i am studying to be an investment broker .	that sounds hard . do you enjoy it ?	i like the atmosphere that it offers . what led you to nursing ?	my mom works in the industry .	good a reason as any . does she work at a hospital ?	yes she is a pediatric nurse
rep-1059	hi, how are you this morning?	i am fine . i am getting off my job just now .	hi, how are you this morning?	i am fine . i am getting off my job just now .	what do you do for a living?	i am a lifeguard . and i also sell insurance .	that is interesting . i am still in college but i hope to become a teacher	good luck . i also like to write fantasy books . are you a reader?
rep-1060	hi ! do you enjoy walking ? i am going out for a walk in my garden	i do enjoy walking ! i love to put my headphones on and walk around .	hi ! do you enjoy walking ? i am going out for a walk in my garden	i do enjoy walking ! i love to put my headphones on and walk around .	my college students always have headphones in . drives me nuts !	music is my bread and butter , i like surrounding myself with music . what do you teach ?	biology is my subject . it is fascinating	wow , that is cool , you must be very smart . i work at petsmart right now	i gained a lot of knowledge during my travels through europe
rep-1061	hello there ! tell me about yourself ?	i for sure read an speak english	hello there ! tell me about yourself ?	i for sure read an speak english	that is helpful . i do as well and just graduated college .	i love pork , especially bacon .	bacon is good . i do not eat much meat though . do you have pets ?	really did not know lol , like bugs ? they are nasty .	bugs are okay but i prefer arizona , my cat .	what do you do for a living ? i engineer	right now i just play board games and read biographies .
rep-1062	hello there how is your day going?	hello to you, how was your day?	hello there how is your day going?	hello to you, how was your day?	hi, my day is going good . what did you have for breakfast?	cereal with milk, then school most of the day . and you?	nice, that is good, i had 3 pancakes post gym workout . what do you outside of school?	well, after dinner, my friends and i will play out of doors . how was gym?	how old are you btw? gym was full of old people in the morning .	you enough to daydream about living in the ocean with long, wavy hair and a flexible tail .	i am really confused about your response .	my error young not you is the first word . do you have day dreams?	oh ok . i day dream all the time, mostly about the things i want to do.
rep-1063	hello how are you today?
rep-1064	hi , how are you today ?	i am well . just finishing up making some barbecue . i love it .	hi , how are you today ?	i am well . just finishing up making some barbecue . i love it .	that sounds nice . so you like to cook ? what else do you do ?	watching horror movies are one of my favorites and i like to lift weights on weekends	awesome ! i love movies but i have not had much time with so much school .
rep-1065	i grew up with lots of family members in the military .	that is cool so did my husband . . i am a hippy and make my clothes	i grew up with lots of family members in the military .	that is cool so did my husband . . i am a hippy and make my clothes	i love hippies! i love the usa!	nothing like the good ol us of a i love singing folk songs	i like cross stitching anything diy	that is neat! i just found a kitty we named her bubbles	i love animals so much . they heal my heart!	me too! we have to keep our environment clean to help save them all	i love technology . i am sure we can think of something .	very true . its advancing so quickly!	i remember waking up one day and been excited about a pager . time flies!!
rep-1066	hey there w are you?	pretty good . my three daughters and i just saw heart in concert .	hey there w are you?	pretty good . my three daughters and i just saw heart in concert .	i despise cats, so devilish .	that is funny . mine just caught a mole today, it was yucky .	i cannot stand my dad ugh	oh, my, you seem like you are having a bad day . need a hug?	ugh, i love some good fried onions	i cannot keep up with how fast you keep changing topics . need an onion?	no i am having a awesome day!	oh, i thought you were taking your anger out on cats and your dad .	sounds slightly personal, in the hospital where i work topics change	oh, you are use to fast paced conversations like my firefighter father does .	no lol there is no anger here .	that is good . i had enough of that during my divorce.
rep-1067	hey . want to chat ? i am just listening to my favorite music , nirvana .	i was just reading a biography . i love those .	hey . want to chat ? i am just listening to my favorite music , nirvana .	i was just reading a biography . i love those .
rep-1068	hi, how are you doing today?	hey, i am doing good . how about you? what are you up to?	hi, how are you doing today?	hey, i am doing good . how about you? what are you up to?	just having a glass of iced tea after a long day . what do you like to drink?	maybe a nice glass of wine while i finish my eggplant parmigiana for dinner .	sounds yummy are you a vegetarian?	no, not really . are you? if i leave some food, my dog charlie will eat it.
rep-1069	hello , how are you today ?	good ! i am in the army , stationed in south korea . it is a nice day here today .	hello , how are you today ?	good ! i am in the army , stationed in south korea . it is a nice day here today .	it is rainy here . i am in new york .	i am from puerto rico originally . how do you like new york ?	it is all i have ever known , with the exception of pilgrimages to israel .	oh , wow ! i bet israel is an interesting place to visit .	yes it is . they have bakeries that have savory treats , as i do not eat sweet .	that is very cool . how old are you ? i am twenty .	i am 23 . do you like jazz ?	i am more of a pop music person	i love tupac . do you watch the office ?	i wish ! i mostly just train and wait for my next mission .	that is so sad . i am in art school	the army suits me well . i can be a violent person if i have to be .	that is too bad . you seem like a really nice guy .	thank you ! you seem like a really fun person as well !
rep-1070	hi . how is it going? my name is carson	hey there how are you?	hi . how is it going? my name is carson	hey there how are you?	good . just got home from playing frisbee at the park . what have you been doing today?	hi carson, got any kids? i do 3 all girls	no, but i do have two great danes . not that that compares to children .	it does not, when was you born?	i am an 80s baby . 1982 . what about you?	i was born later in 87	that is cool . i feel much older .	my mom was a firefighter an my dad a teacher	that is cool your moms a firefighter . you do not see many woman firefighters .	so are you any good at multi tasking?	not really . i am in a brace right now .	oh no well i sorry	its ok . i had surgery last week on my hand	how did it go? like bands?
rep-1071	hello, how are you? hold old are you? i am 34 .	oh hey, i am a 5 foot, 35 year old woman who has a dog, pedro .	hello, how are you? hold old are you? i am 34 .	oh hey, i am a 5 foot, 35 year old woman who has a dog, pedro .	awesome . what do you do for a living? i work as an environmentalist .	i work in healthcare . it is boring .	i am sorry . where did you go to school? i attended the university of mississippi .	in new york . it is in a great town with film festivals .	awesome! do you have any kids? i have two . they are in kindergarten .	i have a two year old daughter . . she inherited my love of muffins .	that is adorable . i have worked in real estate for 12 years . i see lots of kids!
rep-1072	hi ! i just got back from a run . what are you doing ?	hello , i am just playing some online poker .	hi ! i just got back from a run . what are you doing ?
rep-1073	hello how are you doing	how are you doing today	hello how are you doing	how are you doing today	i am great . how is your day	i have a lot of homework to finish	what do you go to school for	lyrics writing . . . i am a songwriter since the third grade	that is great . where do you want to work ?	what rhymes with orange . . . that is my nightmare right now	i am not sure . lol	oh i want to work for willie . . . the . . . willie . . . nelson	so you like country music	all four of my family writes music . . . no i do not like country music !	oh what kind of music do you like	but willie is a genre unto his own . . . he is timeless . . . a bard out of history	i can not argue with that	my dad is only four feet tall and my mom is a genuine midget
rep-1074	hello . how are you this evening ?	i am doing fine . you ?	hello . how are you this evening ?	i am doing fine . you ?	doing very well , thank you . you male or female . i am a guy .	good to hear . i am a girl .	cool . how old are you ? i am 40 .	let me see , i have been forgetting ! i am 30 .	ah . single ? kids ? i have one child and i am divorced .	i am single . i have not dated a lot until recently .
rep-1075	hello! how are you tonight?	hello! very well, and yourself?	hello! how are you tonight?
rep-1076	hello, my name is randy . how are you?	hi randy, i am good! just at work . what about you?	hello, my name is randy . how are you?	hi randy, i am good! just at work . what about you?	just done with band practice . i am the lead singer!	much cooler than being an accountant!	i do not think i could stare at numbers all day	yeah, its hard sometimes . i hike when i can with my sons
rep-1077	hi, tell me about yourself .	i have a pet turtle that i love! his name is timothy	hi, tell me about yourself .	i have a pet turtle that i love! his name is timothy	that is cool . i like fantasy videogames . do you play any?	not really . i like hanging out with people in person	ah . well i am pretty shy so i do not go out with people much .	i understand . i love autumn, how about you?	yeah, i am from the south so its nice when it cools off for a while .	definitely . my parents went away to bora bora for a while .	oh cool! my mom is a doctor so my parents travel a lot .	what do you do for a living?	i am a computer engineer got a comp sci degree . what do you do?	i am currently in school	do you have any hobbies? i build model spaceships .	i guess i like to cook	that is cool . i cook some but mostly just cause its cheap .	i am sure i will cook better things when i have more time
rep-1078	hey, do you want to see a photo of my fur babies?	are they horses? i love horses .	hey, do you want to see a photo of my fur babies?	are they horses? i love horses .	nah, doggies and kitties . how about some photos of my grandbabies?	that would be great, how many do you have?	i have six . they are all old now . they give me money though .	that is wonderful, what do you like to do in your spare time?	i ride my bike a lot, when i am not working .	i like to put on so old john denver and workout myself .	that is really cool . are you married?	yes, she is great, we love to cook from our garden together .	oh . i wanted you to marry me .	sorry, taken . i am flattered . i am sure you will find someone great .	that is not really good enough for me.
rep-1079	hello , how are you tonight ?	hey ! bored waiting to go to my boring job . how are you ?	hello , how are you tonight ?	hey ! bored waiting to go to my boring job . how are you ?	hello , i am okay . watching the lord of the rings .	you like that movie ? that sounds way better than going to mcdonalds for 8 hours .	i do , it is my favorite . i feel you , i have two part time jobs .	yeah doing what ? hard to live on your on with no support from parents .	i work retail and i also wait tables .	i bet that keeps you busy . i am trying to find a new job but its tough .	it is , i am trying as well .	would be easier if i had more support from family .	do they live close to you ?	my aunt and uncle but my parents do not want anything to do with me .
rep-1080	hello . i am an attorney and i live in oklahoma . what about you ?	tracy here . i am 32 , live alone and scared of dogs .	hello . i am an attorney and i live in oklahoma . what about you ?	tracy here . i am 32 , live alone and scared of dogs .	oh dear . i love animals ! i actually have two dogs .	hmmm . do you own or rent your home ? i rent .	own . as a native american , i prefer to own .	i see . i read and watch love stories . you have any cats ?	no . just dogs . what about you ?	i am a single cat lady . are you married ?	yes . my wife loves rock climbing , but i am scared of heights .	lassie was my fave dog show . you have children ?	not yet . we would be praying for some , but i am not very religious .	oh okay . i hope your children like your dogs when you have them . your wife sing ?
rep-1081	hi there , how are you tonight ?	i am tired was a long day at the office . how about you ?	hi there , how are you tonight ?	i am tired was a long day at the office . how about you ?	me too . been studying for class .	what class are you studying for ?	i am going to school to be a lawyer .	oh i bet that is a lot of studying . do you listen to music when you study ?	not usually . my dog max does not care for music .	oh i enjoy listening to oldies music when i am working at my desk all day .	are you in a relationship ?	no i live alone getting ready to retire soon maybe i will meet someone then .	i have a girlfriend . we live together .
rep-1082	hello i am ray i am 20 years old	that is ironic , my dad is named ray . he lives with my mom in australia	hello i am ray i am 20 years old	that is ironic , my dad is named ray . he lives with my mom in australia	i just entered the army 6 months ago , i deployed to south korea	do they serve eggplant parmigiana in south korea ? that is my favorite food	no they do not serve that here , but they do in puerto rico , was born there	i bought my dog charlie from someone in puerto rico	i joined the army because i like to be a violent person	oh wow , i became a stock broker because i am a pacifist	what kinda dog is charlie ?	charlie is an australian sheppard	stock broker , do you make alot of money doing that ?	i am able to live in the usa while my parents stay in australia so yes !	australian sheppard from puerto rico , how odd	i like to travel	so do i , where do you want go that you have not been	i would like to visit south korea to see some of the work you have done there
rep-1083	hi i work at a pet place, where do you work at?	hi, i am an accountant . i have got two kids . do you have kids?	hi i work at a pet place, where do you work at?
rep-1084	hello, how are you doing today?	i am doing pretty good, how are you?	hello, how are you doing today?	i am doing pretty good, how are you?	great, what is your favorite color?	green . what do you do for fun?	green is my favorite too! i collect teddy bears . you?	kool! i like to play fantasy video games .	like stuff where you are a medieval hero or something?	just like that, i also build model spaceships in my free time .	that is cool . do you have any zoos where you live?	yes, we do . do you like animals?
rep-1085	hi, renee here . i am a beach bum and i have to diet to look good . you?	i like to cook . i write about it .	hi, renee here . i am a beach bum and i have to diet to look good . you?	i like to cook . i write about it .	great! mr . ed is my fave animal . my dad own a toyota store . you sing?	no i do not . i like theatre though	get out! me too! i need a nail tech person . i broke a nail .	do you like to exercise	yes! i dance alot too . you dance? i count calories . you?	i like to run and go to the gym . i have two left feet .	wow! did you know mr . ed was a horse?	yes, he was on tv	my nails are pretty . my dad store is pretty too . he sells cars .	you must really like cars
rep-1086	hey , how is it going out there ? people are nervous over here .	are you at a mall or something
rep-1087	good evening . i just finished working out .	haha , i just finished a cheese pizza	good evening . i just finished working out .	haha , i just finished a cheese pizza	very cool . i have to take my horse out for a ride in a bit .	i have to go back to work , have a major client who needs his hair done
rep-1088	hi how are you ? i am still recovering from my friends wedding	i am good . weddings are so fun . did they have good music ?	hi how are you ? i am still recovering from my friends wedding	i am good . weddings are so fun . did they have good music ?	they did . played some rush which is my favorite	i have heard them a few times . i love music . sing choir at church .	so cool ! my sales partner is in a choir and has a great voice
rep-1089	hi i am from wisconsin and i do management consulting .	hello, i am a web designer .	hi i am from wisconsin and i do management consulting .	hello, i am a web designer .	in wisconsin i enjoy the cold and snow . do you like the snow?	no, i do not . i like it hot .	what work do you do?	i am a web designer, i do coding for several country musicians .	nice . i love the band metallica . you must be newly out of college?	yes, i am . i only listen to country .	i want to move south, but i will miss the snow .	i hate snow, i am so glad i made the move.
rep-1090	hello! how are you today?	i am okay . missing home today . i am part of the army . currently in south korea	hello! how are you today?	i am okay . missing home today . i am part of the army . currently in south korea	oh it is hard to be so far from home .	yes, for only 21, its hard to be away long	how long have you been in the military?	a year now . so where are you from?	i am from tampa, but i live in seattle now .	i see . i am from puerto rico	that sounds great . it seems like a great tropical place .	it is . you should visit there some time	i would love to . are you enjoying south korea?	it has its up days i guess . a lot of work though	i teach school and i really love it .	that is awesome . i am happy you enjoy your job	what type of work do you do in the army?
rep-1091	hi ! do you enjoy walking ? i am going out for a walk in my garden	i do enjoy walking ! i love to put my headphones on and walk around .	hi ! do you enjoy walking ? i am going out for a walk in my garden	i do enjoy walking ! i love to put my headphones on and walk around .	my college students always have headphones in . drives me nuts !	music is my bread and butter , i like surrounding myself with music . what do you teach ?	biology is my subject . it is fascinating	wow , that is cool , you must be very smart . i work at petsmart right now	i gained a lot of knowledge during my travels through europe
rep-1092	hi how are you doing i am good .	hi . i am doing pretty well . listening to heart, the band . you like music?	hi how are you doing i am good .	hi . i am doing pretty well . listening to heart, the band . you like music?	yes music lover i started listening to bluegrass music .	nice . my three daughters all like bluegrass .	i was born with a tail and it got removed thank god .	whoa . crazy stuff . my dad was a firefighter . he told me lots of crazy stories.
rep-1093	i just get in a from a run . i do it to relieve my stress .	that is good, i body build to release stress .	i just get in a from a run . i do it to relieve my stress .	that is good, i body build to release stress .	do you do jujitsu as part of your work out	no, do you? i eat a lot of meat to get protein but never martial arts	i am learning, still fairly new to the practice .	yeah continue it, do you have any siblings? i have a brother	i do not, only child .	what does your mom do? mines a secretary	she is a teacher i am hoping to follow in her footsteps .	nice, my profession is a doctor, i enjoy it apart from body building	that is cool, do you like helping people	of course, do you help people?	somewhat, its hard to find time while in school .	your in school? wow good for you
rep-1094	i just ate a mango and now i need to go to the hospital .	are you allergic ? dogs give me bad allergies .	i just ate a mango and now i need to go to the hospital .	are you allergic ? dogs give me bad allergies .	yes , but i am a bit dramatic . sometimes i use an english accent for fun .
rep-1095	hey there how are you today ? i hate dogs i run everytime	i am good . just watching the office .	hey there how are you today ? i hate dogs i run everytime	i am good . just watching the office .	like to eat ? i love to cook .	i am eating a carrot , i do not eat anything sweet .	that is cool i want too	tell me something about yourself .	i am a hopeless romantic for sure .	i happen to be jewish .	really ? how is that going for you ?	good . where do you live ? i live in ny .	i live in ohio i am tired	i really like living here , so much to do .	i bet it is more then there is here	one day i would like to move to the west coast though .	really ? it is cool at 32 here	are you in a relationship ?
rep-1096	hi . how are you? sittin on the beach myself .	hello, i am ok just hanging out here . do you have pets?	hi . how are you? sittin on the beach myself .	hello, i am ok just hanging out here . do you have pets?	no, no pets . but i loves horses, they are my favorite .	i work as a carpenter, stay at home mostly . kinda a loner	i like to build things . my pops sell cars but that is not for me .	i cannot see my self as a salesman not good at socializing	i feel ya on that . i have social anxiety . hate going out .	i use to drink a lot and since i quit so did my friends	that is a good thing to quit . that is a biased opinion though .	i would agree that is it good . my friends were not true friends	nope . not if they bailed like that . that is garbage .	well that is human nature min . you are no fun people run.
rep-1097	good evening . how are you ?	having a quiet evening at home with my cats . how are you ?	good evening . how are you ?	having a quiet evening at home with my cats . how are you ?	doing the same . listening to some country music .	i love country music ! the stories always give me ideas for writing .	i knit hats for infants at the hospital so i play country music a lot .
rep-1098	howdy how are we doing tonight i am fine what about your self ?	i am good , just hanging out	howdy how are we doing tonight i am fine what about your self ?	i am good , just hanging out	one of the foods i like is nasty sushi cool me to hang out .	i like anything blue that is why i have blue hair	love being a vegan blue hair me too that is so cool .	awesome ! ! ! i need to try a vegan lifestyle	i enjoy working out yes try it some day great for the body .	i am into cosplay . i am a pretty scrawny kid
rep-1099	hi , do you want to be friends ?	sure ! can always use more friends . tell me about you	hi , do you want to be friends ?	sure ! can always use more friends . tell me about you	well i am a secretary now , but i am looking for better work	awesome ! i would love to be a fashion designer ! are you married ? kids ?	nah , i just finished college so maybe i will have time for marriage now	congrats on graduating ! i am married but no kids yet . we want kids in the future !	thank you ! i am lucy by the way .	i had a friend in high school named lucy but she stole my boyfriend lol	well i promise not to make a move on your husband lol	thanks ; hehe so what do you like to do ?	well does eating candy count as a hobby ?
rep-1100	i just get in a from a run . i do it to relieve my stress .	that is good , i body build to release stress .	i just get in a from a run . i do it to relieve my stress .	that is good , i body build to release stress .	do you do jujitsu as part of your work out	no , do you ? i eat a lot of meat to get protein but never martial arts	i am learning , still fairly new to the practice .	yeah continue it , do you have any siblings ? i have a brother
rep-1101	hi , how are you ? i am really thirsty , but water scares me .	hey . that is a terrible conundrum !	hi , how are you ? i am really thirsty , but water scares me .	hey . that is a terrible conundrum !	the plants in my garden are dying from lack of water . please help .	wish i could . i keep a large garden as well .	will you help me ?	i am a little busy . i teach a college class in biology .	that makes me so sad .	maybe when i am free . i like walking in my spare time .	if we do not walk by water i would walk with you	sure . i also love travelling . been to six countries already !	have you been to ohio ?	yes , but ohio is not a country , you know ?
rep-1102	hey there how are you now?	hello how are you today
rep-1103	i sure hope you like hobbits !	i do lol do you like to be cared for ?	i sure hope you like hobbits !	i do lol do you like to be cared for ?	most definitely , especially by hobbits .	like animals ? i have several of them	i do , but i am never home , two jobs . . . so i cannot take care of them	i understand that i have 1 cat 2 dogs
rep-1104	hi . i am from canada .	oh hello there ! i was just knitting a baby hat for the nicu .	hi . i am from canada .	oh hello there ! i was just knitting a baby hat for the nicu .
rep-1105	hello, how are you tonight?	eating some yummy eggplant parmigiana . it is so good .	hello, how are you tonight?	eating some yummy eggplant parmigiana . it is so good.
rep-1106	hey, tell me about yourself?	i work out a lot; i am a bodybuilder . how about you?	hey, tell me about yourself?	i work out a lot; i am a bodybuilder . how about you?	i love to read and cook . my wife and i are republicans and we have kids .	that is cool, i have got a brother but no kids yet .	what do you do for a living?	just bodybuilding on youtube and stuff . what do you do?
rep-1107	hi , how are you doing today ?	hey , i am doing good . how about you ? what are you up to ?	hi , how are you doing today ?	hey , i am doing good . how about you ? what are you up to ?	just having a glass of iced tea after a long day . what do you like to drink ?	maybe a nice glass of wine while i finish my eggplant parmigiana for dinner .	sounds yummy are you a vegetarian ?	no , not really . are you ? if i leave some food , my dog charlie will eat it .	no , but many pf my friends from canada are vegan . i love dogs .	i will take my dog to visit my folks in australia soon . will be interesting .	sounds like fun . brisbane ? queensland ?	sydney . i will go there after the stock markets slow down for winter .	great idea . what kind of dog is charlie ?	charlie is an old boxer . have had him for years .	perfect . i think he will love the trip . i may get a dog when i am older .	they are good companions . my brother and sister love charlie too .	my siblings live in canada . are yours here or in sydney ?
rep-1108	good morning? do you have any jobs	good afternoon from pennsylvania . i am currently a medical scribe preparing to apply to medical school .	good morning? do you have any jobs	good afternoon from pennsylvania . i am currently a medical scribe preparing to apply to medical school .	oh, i thought you had an idea of a vacancy any were	where are you currently from?	am from the state of ohio
rep-1109	hello . i like the outdoors, particularly the arctic .	i actually live in oklahoma and love the outdoors too .	hello . i like the outdoors, particularly the arctic.
rep-1110	hey , how are you doing ? want some granola ?	sure ! i am starring in a play i wrote . can you sing or skate ? i can .	hey , how are you doing ? want some granola ?	sure ! i am starring in a play i wrote . can you sing or skate ? i can .	i can cut hairs . that is mostly it .	hmmm . interesting . i model gloves and sing sappy jingles . i surf too . you surf ?	i like my fish babies , and their fancy fish house .	wow ! i am leaving virginia to move to ny next year . i am from california . you ?	it is a secret . i want to keep my sons safe .	okay . you would be a great voice over actor . what color are the fish ?
rep-1111	hello . how are you this evening?	i am doing fine . you?	hello . how are you this evening?	i am doing fine . you?	doing very well, thank you . you male or female . i am a guy .	good to hear . i am a girl .	cool . how old are you? i am 40 .	let me see, i have been forgetting! i am 30 .	ah . single? kids? i have one child and i am divorced .	i am single . i have not dated a lot until recently .	i see . i do not like sitting still . do you?	i am the same way . i work a lot to keep myself busy .	i hear ya . i really enjoy building things with my hands .	that sounds cool . i typically just enjoy cleaning .	i do not like cleaning at all .	it is definitely not for everyone .	no it is not . dishes is the worst!
rep-1112	good evening , what is new with you ?	not much . i went to an amusement park today , you ?
rep-1113	hi ! what are you up to ? i am listening to some rap while studying	hi , i am lucy . just getting ready for another day at the office	hi ! what are you up to ? i am listening to some rap while studying	hi , i am lucy . just getting ready for another day at the office	what do you do at the office ? i am studying to be a teacher	i am a secretary . that is neat , what subject do you want to teach
rep-1114	hi how are you doing	very good, how are you today?	hi how are you doing	very good, how are you today?	i am good just made breakfast	yummy! i love to cook, but that makes me unhappy about my weight	oh that is too bad you should find some yummy healthy recipes	yes i should, but my three kids like junk food lol	haha of course they do maybe sneak in healthy things in their dinner	it is hard to eat together, since i work days and my husband works overnights	oh wow that sounds like a busy schedule	do you have any pets? we have cats, which we love	no but i want to get a dog	that would be nice, i love dogs too .	yeah they are really great but can sometimes be a lot of work
rep-1115	do you want to go to the gym with me?	no i am just on my lunch break	do you want to go to the gym with me?	no i am just on my lunch break	i like being alone anyway .	i might be good company my english is getting better	you already rejected me though .	just for the gym whats going on latter?	drinking some water alone probably.
rep-1116	hi i am from wisconsin and i do management consulting .	hello , i am a web designer .	hi i am from wisconsin and i do management consulting .	hello , i am a web designer .	in wisconsin i enjoy the cold and snow . do you like the snow ?	no , i do not . i like it hot .	what work do you do ?	i am a web designer , i do coding for several country musicians .	nice . i love the band metallica . you must be newly out of college ?	yes , i am . i only listen to country .	i want to move south , but i will miss the snow .	i hate snow , i am so glad i made the move .	i want to move south , but i will miss the snow .	where at in the south ? i am in florida .	i want to move south , but i will miss the snow .
rep-1117	hello i like to travel .	hello, how are you tonight? i do too and love to cook .	hello i like to travel .	hello, how are you tonight? i do too and love to cook .	i would love to see europe .	i would too, i am knitting tiny hats for the babies in the icu
rep-1118	hello, how is it going?	hi, i love riding horses on the beach . you?	hello, how is it going?	hi, i love riding horses on the beach . you?	oh, i m just a simple cat person	oh okay . my has his own car store . you have any friends?	my husband is my best friend, but he works nights	you on a diet? i am . beaches are fun .	how did you know? i am trying so hard to lose weight
rep-1119	hey do you like dancing ?	love it . that is the one thing i miss since graduating college . you ?	hey do you like dancing ?	love it . that is the one thing i miss since graduating college . you ?	i love dancing ! what did you take in college ?	nursing . it was super hard because i spent a lot of time playing soccer too .	wow that sounds like a lot to balance out . were you any good at soccer ?	yes , i was great . do you play sports ?	if fishing counts . i fish on edris island where i live	how cool . i wish i had time . i am stuck in an office all day	aw you should try to make a trip sometime .	hopefully . whats your name ?	my name is sam you ?	lucy ! like the tv show . nice to meet you	nice to meet you too . do you have any pets ?	no , since i just graduated i have not had time to adopt any . you ?	yes i have a dog , he is a husky and his name is ralph !
rep-1120	hey how are you doing?	i am good . how are you?	hey how are you doing?	i am good . how are you?	great just practicing with my bluegrass bandmates	are you a professional musician?	i play bluegrass on the weekends, high school work otherwise	that is a fun hobby . does your family enjoy your music?	yes it is different than what i used to do . retired olympian skater	that is a change! i was in engineering but after college i switched to writing .	since i was homeschooled for skating purposes, i worked at hollister in my teens	did your parents homeschool you?	yes they did . it was easier with my skating passion
rep-1121	i divorced doug, gave up my kids and killed the cat . hi, name is john .	hi john . jessie here . i am from canada . where are you from?	i divorced doug, gave up my kids and killed the cat . hi, name is john .	hi john . jessie here . i am from canada . where are you from?	get out! i make and sell jewelry online . i am from new york . you married?	just recently to my high school sweetheart . we are both 19 .	hi jessie . you sing? you married young huh? any pets?	oh, i love to sing in the shower country mostly . what music do you like?	jazz . whats your spouse name jessie? i am 40 .	oh, my husband alex likes jazz .	i see . i hate to sit still so i dance . you dance jessie?	no, not really . i only dance if i drink . mostly, i stick to iced tea, though .	wow! hmmm . can alex build anything with his hands? i can .	what kinds of things do you like to build?	jewelry . you and alex have kids?	not yet . we are waiting for the right time . how many kids do you have?	i had two . my ex has custody and i sing in the shower . alex sing?
rep-1122	hello , how are you tonight ?	i am fine and you let us chat and get to know about each other some .	hello , how are you tonight ?	i am fine and you let us chat and get to know about each other some .	what do you do for a living ? any food allergies ?	my employment is working with old people in nursing units .	i am a dog groomer , the one who purples and pinks poodles .	i have two dogs and a black and white cat love animals .	i love collecting antiques and plates .	great that is a cool hobby i love caring for old and young people .	that sounds lovely , i do not do volunteer work yet , too busy .	that is fine i like riding my bike in the mountains .
rep-1123	hi . just finished plying a round of second life . what are you up to today ?	listening to hip hop music .	hi . just finished plying a round of second life . what are you up to today ?
rep-1124	hello , how are you tonight ?	i am ok considering recovering from surgery yesterday . how are you ?	hello , how are you tonight ?	i am ok considering recovering from surgery yesterday . how are you ?	i am well , listening to bach and contemplating dinner .	dinner sounds good . if i was not walking on these crutches i could cook	oh no , what did you do ?	i had surgery on my leg yesterday . i hurt it in a car accident	i am so sorry to hear that , at least you were not injured badly .	now it will be a while before i can play frisbee with my dogs	how many do you have ?	i really like playing frisbee with them but now it will be a while .	maybe you can modify it for them .	2 huge great danes . they can reach the stove but they cant cook	aw . i bet they are adorable .	doctor said i need protein so i eat sardines every day for breakfast	that is disgusting . my dad used to eat those with crackers .
rep-1125	hi there how are you doing?	hey how is it going?	hi there how are you doing?	hey how is it going?	good just relaxing i was actually physically active today and i hate it	you do not like to move around	not really i mostly enjoy long walks to the fridge lol
rep-1126	hey there how are you today?	i am great how are you?
rep-1127	hey there , are you a fellow student ?	no i am not . i graduated in may . you ?	hey there , are you a fellow student ?	no i am not . i graduated in may . you ?	i am still a student , although struggling . congrats on graduating	thank you . how old are you ?	i am a 40 year old student . engaged to my live in girlfriend . u in relationship ?	i am 24 , i was with my ex for 4 years , he is engaged with another one .	bummer . fave things ? mine are my dog , max , and traveling and adventuring .
rep-1128	hello, do you like tupac?	i love tupac . he is great to listen to while weightlifting .	hello, do you like tupac?	i love tupac . he is great to listen to while weightlifting .	i listen to him while playing tennis and running .	that sounds bold . you remind me of theodore roosevelt . who do you look up to?	indiana jones . i want to be just like him .	i used to act out his movies at home with my sister .	my friends and i do that as well . it is so fun .	we should get together and act . we could pretend to rescue rabbits for my blog .	i have a blog as well, a photography one .	maybe i have seen it . my sister helps me distinguish red from green .	oh, you are color blind . my cousin is as well .	oh, coincidence! it is weird looking at a picture of tim mcgraw differently than others .	who is tim mcgraw? is he a writer?	he is a country singer, but i bet he would write a great blog .	i do not listen to country . i am a rap girl .	do you have an online presence? do you compete?
rep-1129	good morning , how are you today ?	i am fine thank you how is your day going ?	good morning , how are you today ?	i am fine thank you how is your day going ?	very well . just got my kid sister to school , now on to the gym .	that is nice of you do you work out often or in your spare time ?	i am a body builder , and a blogger . what do you do ?	i am a stay at home mom	nothing wrong with that . kids are draining .	i do not mind i always wanted a full house	i have a full house of rabbits . my favorite is teddy , after the president .	that is a great name , i take it your single	i am , not too many guys want a girl who is raising a sibling .	i do not know about that i always dreamed of big family	i always dreamed about marrying tim mcgraw !
rep-1130	hi there . how are you	hi i am great, how are you?	hi there . how are you	hi i am great, how are you?	i am good . just finished my paranormal romance book	was it scary, thrilling and interesting?	all of the above . that is why i love them	i love romantic and humorous books, i have not tried paranormal .	the paranormal are just awesome . but i am also a medium .	ok the genre makes sense now . how long have you been a medium?	about ten years . but looking back, a lot longer . just did not realize it	wow that is so amazing, what is your favorite hobby?	trying to get space from my sisters . lol . even grown ya cant shake em	lol have you ever done a reading for them or yourself?
rep-1131	hi ! what is your name ?	amanda . what do they call you ?	hi ! what is your name ?	amanda . what do they call you ?	hi amanda . i am lucy . what are you up to ?	enjoying a much needed night off with my pup . you ?	sounds fun . i am getting things ready for work tomorrow .	cool beans . where are you working ?	i work as a secretary . how about you ?	er nurse , and still not good enough for my dad lol .	oh man , that stinks . are you into any sports at all ?	not really . no time with my schedule . you ?
rep-1132	how are you doing today ?	i am great ! how are you doing on this fine evening ?	how are you doing today ?	i am great ! how are you doing on this fine evening ?	good . just eating some pizza on my night off .	cool . i only eat kosher meat so i have to make my own pizzas .	homemade pizzas are the best . what kind of work do you do ?
rep-1133	hey, tell me about yourself?	hi there! want to play some poker? i love it!	hey, tell me about yourself?	hi there! want to play some poker? i love it!	i would love to! my sisters and brother sand i have a family game going online .	we cant drink alcohol while playing, though . i quit 5 years back .	that is a healthy decision .	my wife and 3 boys would skin me alive!	charlie, my dog, just stole my dinner and ran off! it was eggplant, my favorite .	i am so busy doing carpentry that i do not meet many people as friends .	i hear you . i miss my parents back in australia .	wow! get back here, charlie! are you vegetarian?	not fully but i do not eat meat that often .	i see . so your from australia?	i am . i moved to the states to be a stock broker.
rep-1134	did you pull your tag on elk this year? i have been spotting up by the wolf ridge .	i actually was not able to get an elk tag this season .	did you pull your tag on elk this year? i have been spotting up by the wolf ridge.
rep-1135	hello , what are you up to ?	hi , not doing much . recovering my brother wedding was saturday	hello , what are you up to ?	hi , not doing much . recovering my brother wedding was saturday	how was it ? i am about to eat some steak	it was too much fun ! steak sounds good	i just grilled it . what do you do for fun ?	i like board games . how about you	camping and hiking are my favorite	i used to go camping in arizona , that is why named my cat arizona	cool name . i do not have any pets
rep-1136	hello how are you tonight?	good evening, i swear i am exhausted	hello how are you tonight?	good evening, i swear i am exhausted	me too, i just got back from walking . i love walking in the crips air	in the crips? like books? my name jordan by the way also	sorry crisp air, helps when i travel	oh i got it now like animals? or have any?	several, they love to eat the veggies out of my large garden	cool, i am a vet, i love live music on the weekend	i am a biology teacher, i love music helps me relax between papers	really? i do also an i read	traveling is something i love to do in the summer time on my down time .	that is cool i stay in florida but from cali	i have been to six countries, we try to hit a different me each year	a different you? like games? i like xbox games	good thing i do not teach spelling i cannot seem to tonight
rep-1137	greetings ! how are you doing today ?	am well just at the beach sun warming	greetings ! how are you doing today ?	am well just at the beach sun warming	are you employed ? army is my employer right now .	yes am a personal secretary to mr . gregor	puerto rico is my birth place . what about yours ?	oklahoma is my place of birth	i am in south korea serving right now . have you been here ?
rep-1138	hey how are you today	hello, my leg is really giving me pain today .	hey how are you today	hello, my leg is really giving me pain today .	i am sorry hope you feel better soon .	thank you . what are you doing?	getting ready to take my wife and kids to dinner	i am just about to cook dinner; what will you order?
rep-1139	hello, have you had dinner yet?	i did, salad and water.
rep-1140	hi how are you today	good, how are you? i just finished reading a new drama book
rep-1141	hey there good night	hi there what are you up to	hey there good night	hi there what are you up to	just getting this extra money since i work at kfc	o ok nothing like making a lil extra the good thing in todays day you can	yes so true i am happy about that , like to run ?	yea here and there i am more into crafts	that is cool , i dropped out of school	well my son is homeschooled s he has no choice lol
rep-1142	hello, how are you today?	hi . i am fine . my parents would be mad if they knew i was up .	hello, how are you today?	hi . i am fine . my parents would be mad if they knew i was up .	that is funny, do you read drama like me?	i do not read much, but i do listen to pink floyd .	i like them almost as much as video games	i love video games! what 14 year old does not? what do you do?	i an a doctor for animals	i really like dogs . not cats . allergies .	i hate allergies they are the worst.
rep-1143	hello . how are you doing today?	doing well! washing dishes after work . what about you?	hello . how are you doing today?	doing well! washing dishes after work . what about you?	thankfully not doing that! my best friend does those . he is a robot.
rep-1144	hello hope you are enjoying your autumn so far	hello how are you? i currently go to college what about you?	hello hope you are enjoying your autumn so far	hello how are you? i currently go to college what about you?	i went to college long ago in bora bora	that is so cool . are you single? my girl resides with me .	i am single but live my girl and pet turtle	that is awesome . any other pets? my pups name is max .	i have a dog and we play frisbee together	how nice . what did you go to school for? i am going for law .	i studied history and political science . law is very interesting .	wow are you democratic? tell me about bora bora i love sightseeing and trying fun things .	i am democratic . bora bora is a beautiful place my parents live there . do you travel much?
rep-1145	hello , how are you doing ?	i am doing great today and you ?	hello , how are you doing ?	i am doing great today and you ?	i am great , loving italian food now and forever !	going to walk my dog soon . do you have one ?	yeah , my dog and i like to sing in a choir	my wife and i just had a baby boy . do you have kids ?	no , , but i work in a program that helps and mentors teens	first time dad over here . team no sleep .	awesome , did you ever play softball ? i love it	yes , i played a little company softball
rep-1146	hello how are you doing today ?	not too bad . a little sad , but such is life .	hello how are you doing today ?	not too bad . a little sad , but such is life .	why are you sad today did something happen ?	just need to lose some weight . having 3 kids will do that .
rep-1147	hi i am joanna . i sing blues professionally	oh that is cool . i can do your hair before a show . hair stylist here haha	hi i am joanna . i sing blues professionally	oh that is cool . i can do your hair before a show . hair stylist here haha	great! i do work on my fathers hobby farm in my spare time	oh that sounds like hard work . can i bring all 3 of my dogs to the farm?	sure! my mom teaches music . i discovered in her class that i had singing talent	oh wow . i gotta hear you sing one day haha
rep-1148	hello, i have been busy singing karaoke; what are you doing?	i am good busy with 2 part time jobs	hello, i have been busy singing karaoke; what are you doing?	i am good busy with 2 part time jobs	well, i understand the need for money .	yeah i wannawrite book someday	that sounds like a neat idea . i was in the army and consider telling my stories .	i wannawrite fantasy but for now i will just was lord of the rings	i do not watch much television .	i tend too where i get ideas from
rep-1149	hello, i am a sports nut, just love soccer, and you?	i like playing sports like racquetball, but not watching so much .	hello, i am a sports nut, just love soccer, and you?	i like playing sports like racquetball, but not watching so much .	i am a tv sports addict, unfortunately my fiancee hates sports . could be a problem .	my fiance is into hard rock, i like oldies, but we make it work .	i was the high school jock who did everything, then no sports in college .	they played in the school band . do you play any instruments?	nope, neurosurgeon, no music, i focused on school so i could graduate with honors .	i should have! i slacked off ended up being a administrative assistant . do you have kids?	i like to polka, its fun and my fiancee and i get lots of exercise .	i am going to have a polka band play when i retire in 5 years!	sounds like fun, i will come dance when you play music .	tell me more about yourself so i can recognize you there!	red hair, glasses . my fiancee is a beauty, she is with me for my money .	lol . . . you are a interesting person, it has been nice to meet you!	you too, it has been fun chatting with you.
rep-1150	did you pull your tag on elk this year ? i have been spotting up by the wolf ridge .	i actually was not able to get an elk tag this season .	did you pull your tag on elk this year ? i have been spotting up by the wolf ridge .	i actually was not able to get an elk tag this season .	what are you going to do instead ?	i might go and see metallica with the money instead .	that is epic ! i have an opportunity if you are interested .	what kind of opportunity do you have ?	i have a company that rents property . we could use another handyman you game ?	i would be willing to help ! i also have management experience from my job .	that will help ! do you have any allergies ?	nope , i am not allergic to anything ! you ?	shell fish will be the death of me . do you have any hobbies ?	i love doing anything outside , especially in the snow ! what about you ?	i restore cars and hunt its the best ! !	those are pretty cool hobbies ! do you have any siblings ?
rep-1151	hi, how are you doing?	hello! i am well . being shy in class	hi, how are you doing?	hello! i am well . being shy in class	i just got back from the gym!	oh wow! i am too shy to go to the gym . where do you go?	well, i swim every day too	how many laps do you do? i stay on my computer because i work all day	i do only 10 laps	wow! i build model spaceships and we launch them from pools .	is that fun to do?	its okay! it was very hard to get my degree in computer science .	yeah, i bet it was!	now i just play a lot of games .	what kind of games do you play?	fantasy videogames!! do you like them?
rep-1152	hey , tell me about yourself ?	i work out a lot ; i am a bodybuilder . how about you ?	hey , tell me about yourself ?	i work out a lot ; i am a bodybuilder . how about you ?	i love to read and cook . my wife and i are republicans and we have kids .	that is cool , i have got a brother but no kids yet .
rep-1153	hello there , how are you ?	hi there ! i am well , and you ?	hello there , how are you ?	hi there ! i am well , and you ?	i am doing just fine . studying for a test i have coming up .	ooh what sort of test ? i want to go to school to be a chef
rep-1154	hi , how is it going ?	very well , thank you . i am getting ready to make dinner . how are you ?	hi , how is it going ?	very well , thank you . i am getting ready to make dinner . how are you ?	pretty good , just finished up working for the day , looking forward to dinner
rep-1155	hello, how are you doing this afternoon?	i am doing great, how are you?	hello, how are you doing this afternoon?	i am doing great, how are you?	i am well, thank you! i am listening to oldies . i love this genre .	i am a metallica fan, myself . ready for winter?	i am! i love winter! i like summer too . . . trying new bbq restaurants .	winter is my favorite, i love running in the snow.
rep-1156	how are you doing today ?	i m good i just spent time with my family	how are you doing today ?	i m good i just spent time with my family	well , i was listening taylor swift !	is that what you need your free time listen to music i read for my	yeah , i also ride horses	i do you bake cookies homemade for my kids	how many kids do you have
rep-1157	i am drunk on scotch right now , you ?	i cannot afford alcohol . i can barely afford to pay my other bills each month .	i am drunk on scotch right now , you ?	i cannot afford alcohol . i can barely afford to pay my other bills each month .	i use to work at the local carnival , i can understand a tight budget
rep-1158	hey there . . how are you doing today?	great! just grading some papers and throwing some things in the crock pot .	hey there . . how are you doing today?	great! just grading some papers and throwing some things in the crock pot .	nice! i just finished feeding my fish . . . i collect exotic fish btw	very cool! my daughter wants a fish tank!
rep-1159	hi . how are you ? sittin on the beach myself .	hello , i am ok just hanging out here . do you have pets ?	hi . how are you ? sittin on the beach myself .	hello , i am ok just hanging out here . do you have pets ?	no , no pets . but i loves horses , they are my favorite .	i work as a carpenter , stay at home mostly . kinda a loner	i like to build things . my pops sell cars but that is not for me .	i can not see my self as a salesman not good at socializing	i feel ya on that . i have social anxiety . hate going out .	i use to drink a lot and since i quit so did my friends	that is a good thing to quit . that is a biased opinion though .
rep-1160	hello there . where are you from ?	i am from canada . how about you ?	hello there . where are you from ?	i am from canada . how about you ?	interesting . i am from pennsylvania in the us .	wow , how is it there ?	it is okay . nothing special !	do you get into politics ?	sometime . i try to be well rounded in discussion .	i love to listen to debates .	which presidential candidate from the past did you enjoy listening to most ?	i like listening to hilary clinton	yes , her debates last year were very interesting .	do you like computers or anything like that ?	i do . i am somewhat interested .	what do you like about them ?	i am fascinated their ability to do so many things more efficiently than a human can .
rep-1161	hi ! what do you have planned for dinner ?	we ate way earlier . always by 630 . how about you ?	hi ! what do you have planned for dinner ?	we ate way earlier . always by 630 . how about you ?	italian is my favorite so i am thinking along those lines .	sounds yummy ! do you work tomorrow ?	no . so i think i will read a book . probably about traveling .
rep-1162	good morning . how are you ?	i am alright , how are you ?	good morning . how are you ?
rep-1163	its fall ! finally time for the snow to come ! !
rep-1164	hello, how is your night going?	going well, what do you do for a living?	hello, how is your night going?	going well, what do you do for a living?	i am very young, but hope to be a professional dancer someday .	that is cool . what kind of dance?	modern dance and ballet are my favorite . do you dance too?	no, i am really into nutrition and fitness though .	oh nice . my father used to be very into fitness as well . do you play sports?
rep-1165	hello ! i am getting my girls ready for school . you ?	hi ! i am getting my family ready . takes a while since there is four of us .	hello ! i am getting my girls ready for school . you ?	hi ! i am getting my family ready . takes a while since there is four of us .	there are 4 of us too . me and my 3 girls . their dad is my ex	i also attend school . what are you going to school for ?	i am a teacher just like my mother was	awesome ! music is what i am studying since i like it so much .	i enjoy music too . heart is my favorite band	i saw them in concert . could not see much since i am only five feet .	haha my firefighter dad would have been able to hold you on his shoulders	did you come from a big family ? it is just me , parents and a sibling .
rep-1166	hi i work as a arctic explorer i used to be a geology teacher	hi i am retired i use to be a banker	hi i work as a arctic explorer i used to be a geology teacher	hi i am retired i use to be a banker	cool its fun to ice fish have you ever done that ?
rep-1167	hi, what do you do?	i just graduated . working at a fast food joint now .	hi, what do you do?	i just graduated . working at a fast food joint now .	nice, do you like music? whenever i am not working i listen to music	what kind of music? i just work to help my aunt and uncle out .	mostly rap, i like a lot of art	do you draw? where do you live?	i live in rochester boston, where mark walk berg is from	do you work anywhere? i am thinking about going to college soon .	go to college, they loved me there since i was only 5 feet tall	cool . my parents kicked me out because i would not cut my hair and shave .	wow that is not good . i love shaving but i hate wearing sandals	i have to stay with my aunt and uncle . my job made me shave though.
rep-1168	hi, i was a geology teacher awhile ago, please tell me something interesting about you	hey there what you up too
rep-1169	hey there how are you today ?	i am doing good . so tell me where you are from ?	hey there how are you today ?	i am doing good . so tell me where you are from ?	i am from new york . i am in college soon .	i love new york . i stay in texas . what are your hobbies ?	my hobbies are fashion an clothes !	fashion is cool . i am an avid gamer playing second life .	awesome ! what is second life ? never heard of it
rep-1170	i just finish what i usually enjoy doing mills cooking	that is good . what is mills cooking ?	i just finish what i usually enjoy doing mills cooking	that is good . what is mills cooking ?	sorry for the typo it s meal	i am not really into cooking . i like fashion ! i love to clothes and shopping !	the interesting part is i got the ingredients from my garden	i do not really do that kind of stuff . i am only 17 .	so you probably don t know jan them over	no i do not . i am going to graduate high school in june .	i meant john denver is my favorite	i do not know who he is ?	he is a musician i listen to his music while i m doing work out	that is cool . i love listening to music in my volkswagen beetle .	that car is nice to drive in a ranch i grew up in the horses ranch
rep-1171	hello , how are you tonight ?	terrible , my father was just imprisoned for being a corrupt police officer .
rep-1172	hello, how are you tonight?	i am fine and you let us chat and get to know about each other some .	hello, how are you tonight?	i am fine and you let us chat and get to know about each other some .	what do you do for a living? any food allergies?	my employment is working with old people in nursing units .	i am a dog groomer, the one who purples and pinks poodles .	i have two dogs and a black and white cat love animals .	i love collecting antiques and plates .	great that is a cool hobby i love caring for old and young people .	that sounds lovely, i do not do volunteer work yet, too busy .	that is fine i like riding my bike in the mountains .	i like surfing when i get the chance .	that sounds so exciting i have never went surfing .	i grew up on the ocean, it is second nature to me .	the ocean is beautiful i grew up in the big city .	i would not have liked that at all . the ocean was in my back yard.
rep-1173	good morning ? do you have any jobs	good afternoon from pennsylvania . i am currently a medical scribe preparing to apply to medical school .	good morning ? do you have any jobs	good afternoon from pennsylvania . i am currently a medical scribe preparing to apply to medical school .	oh , i thought you had an idea of a vacancy any were	where are you currently from ?	am from the state of ohio
rep-1174	hi how are you today	i am great, how are you?	hi how are you today	i am great, how are you?	pretty good do you work	i am in publishing, heading to nyc next year for my job	do you get your nails done?	i do, i keep them short though because i skate	are you a pro skater then	no, but i still enjoy it as a hobby . what do you do?	just ride my horses around do you
rep-1175	hi , i am a female and 22 years old , what about you ?	i am a little older . old enough to have two boys	hi , i am a female and 22 years old , what about you ?	i am a little older . old enough to have two boys	nice , do they listen to you ?	not a chance . but i am still in charge	nice , do you hangout with friends , i love hanging out with friends	when i can . if i have time to myself i like to go for hikes	nice i also like sports a lot and staying active	that is very good for you . as an accountant i sit far too much
rep-1176	did you pull your tag on elk this year? i have been spotting up by the wolf ridge .	i actually was not able to get an elk tag this season .	did you pull your tag on elk this year? i have been spotting up by the wolf ridge .	i actually was not able to get an elk tag this season .	what are you going to do instead?	i might go and see metallica with the money instead .	that is epic! i have an opportunity if you are interested .	what kind of opportunity do you have?	i have a company that rents property . we could use another handyman you game?	i would be willing to help! i also have management experience from my job .	that will help! do you have any allergies?
rep-1177	hi there . how are you	i am good . just got back from a run .
rep-1178	hi how are you?	i feel fat today actually	hi how are you?	i feel fat today actually
rep-1179	hi, i love beef, chicken and pork . you?	hi how are you doing? yes i like to eat beef chicken and pork .	hi, i love beef, chicken and pork . you?	hi how are you doing? yes i like to eat beef chicken and pork .	great! my dad has retired .	my best seasonal holiday is celebrating christmas . oh he will be okay .	you think? my mothers is an aide that eats meats .	i like having three dogs love animals i used to aide .	i see . one time i made a unicorn cry . i told her we like meat .	i love being a hair stylist poor unicorn that is so funny .	get out! i do my hair too! i like camping with friends . you?	i like looking at football games on sundays yes hair is cool .	great! i like hiking in mountains with no lions . you sing?	great i bet you do beautiful hair styles yes i sing lovely .	yes i do . i do moms hair all the time . you happy?	not really happy but we have to hang in there and do our best .	right! my dad says you have to define happy to be happy . you agree?	it has been a pleasure chatting with you good people god bless yes i agree.
rep-1180	hello, how are you doing?	i am great, just sitting at work . how are you	hello, how are you doing?	i am great, just sitting at work . how are you	fine, where do you work?	i am a real estate agent, how about you	i work with troubled teens.
rep-1181	hey there how are you i seen a spider an cried i hate snakes too	i am good . yikes i hate spiders too	hey there how are you i seen a spider an cried i hate snakes too	i am good . yikes i hate spiders too	yes i hate them , married ? i am not with no kids	nope and no kids either . i love my horses like kids	really ? my parents died 2 years ago	sorry to hear that ! must be hard	yes it is they died in accident , i also am a writer	i am hoping retire soon maybe i can write then	oh what are you retiring from ?	construction , my left leg hurts every day	wow why ? i am a engineer	just from all years pouring concrete . what kind engineer
rep-1182	how are you? being an old man, i am slowing down these days	hi, my dad is old as well, they live close to me and i see them often	how are you? being an old man, i am slowing down these days	hi, my dad is old as well, they live close to me and i see them often	that is a great thing honor your dad with your presence	sure, i pick him up for church every sunday with my ford pickup	sounds wonderful my wheelchair can go very fast on various terrains	i guess that means you do not go hunting often? i love hunting, i own 3 guns
rep-1183	hi i am joanna . i sing blues professionally	oh that is cool . i can do your hair before a show . hair stylist here haha	hi i am joanna . i sing blues professionally	oh that is cool . i can do your hair before a show . hair stylist here haha	great ! i do work on my fathers hobby farm in my spare time
rep-1184	hello how are you today	not too bad, eating a ribeye at the moment	hello how are you today	not too bad, eating a ribeye at the moment	sounds good, i love steak	i love it almost as much as the sound system i have in my truck	yeah its great i go to the gym 3 times a week	i prefer hiking and camping, cardio at the gym is so boring	i have a lot of free time being single and living alone
rep-1185	hey there how are you ?	hello , i am doing great today what about you ?	hey there how are you ?	hello , i am doing great today what about you ?	i am well just tired , all the little ones in my class are busy	i am thinking about riding my bike tomorrow after work .	really ? cool have any pets ? i do .	i volunteered today at the homeless shelter . i like helping others .	that is sweet of you , i just got out of college 2 years ago	wow , just 2 years ago , i have grown children that have completed college	i still have roommates here in seattle	i hear it rains a lot out there	lol yes i am young	two dogs and one cat in the house keep me busy
rep-1186	hello , my name is jonas , how are you doing today ?
rep-1187	hi how are you today	i am well , studying for an exam	hi how are you today	i am well , studying for an exam	for college or for what ?	yes college . working on a degree in marine biology	nice i love fish and that stuff	sounds fun , unlike kids my age i do not drink , smoke or party
rep-1188	hi how are you today ?	great . and how are you doing	hi how are you today ?	great . and how are you doing	i am well great at multi tasking are you ? i like to use trash for projects	having just one leg , i have to be good at multi tasking	i do not know but my toes bother me	sorry to hear that . my wheel chair is super fast	since they are webbed an i am 5 foot	i knew someone with webbed feet in the military
rep-1189	hello . how are you tonight ? long day of advertising .	advertising ? that sounds easy . i am a social worker dealing with at risk youth .	hello . how are you tonight ? long day of advertising .	advertising ? that sounds easy . i am a social worker dealing with at risk youth .	so you do something good . i travel abroad a lot and advertise the underground city night life .	that sounds cool . these kids drive me nuts .	it is an odd job for a jewish north dakota boy to do , but yes cool .	wow ! jewish people live in north dakota ! what else do you do ?	right ? haha . i play bass in a metal band . how about you ? hobbies ?	oh cool ! i sing in a choir ! i also play softball	at least you are active ! what position ? i played outfield in high school	it helps with the work stress . i played second base . do you like to cook ?	i love to cook . i make a mean baked chicken ! haha	ooh , i love italian food , especially lasagna . do you have a favorite ?
rep-1190	how are you tonight? are you interested in fitness?	i am great, how are you? i like to workout .	how are you tonight? are you interested in fitness?	i am great, how are you? i like to workout .	i am doing well . i put on a lot of weight, so now i work out regularly .	while i am still young i am building up my muscle .	fortunately, i have a house on the beach, so i get to swim daily .	my down fall is that i love tea .	well, tea is more healthy than a lot of things . what do you do for work?	i do web design and what do you do?
rep-1191	hi i am a bit shy but it is nice to meet you	i met alot of shy people when i studied abroad it is ok	hi i am a bit shy but it is nice to meet you	i met alot of shy people when i studied abroad it is ok
rep-1192	hello how are you this evening?	hello good i start my first in college next year	hello how are you this evening?	hello good i start my first in college next year	awesome! i plan on starting hairdresser school	my parent are forcing me to become a doctor	being a doctor is good but do not like that youre being forced	since they brought me a volkswagen they been acting controlling	too bad . i have a fish aquarium with exotic fish its beautiful	cool . i love the mall and fashion	i also have a very neat vintage 50	what is a vintage 50	i pressed enter by mistake lol a vintage 50s collection of cool stuff	wow i would love to see that it sounds cool	yes . a bit of trivia about me . for breakfast i eat granola almost everyday	hmm . i just turned 17 and in my last year of hs
rep-1193	hi , i enjoy bodybuilder , what do you do for fun ?	i like to be outdoors . hiking , camping , you know	hi , i enjoy bodybuilder , what do you do for fun ?	i like to be outdoors . hiking , camping , you know	do you eat a lot of meat outdoors ? like hunting ? i love meat	sometimes i will fish on my trips , but that is it .
rep-1194	hello , how is it going ?	hi , i love riding horses on the beach . you ?	hello , how is it going ?	hi , i love riding horses on the beach . you ?	oh , i m just a simple cat person	oh okay . my has his own car store . you have any friends ?	my husband is my best friend , but he works nights	you on a diet ? i am . beaches are fun .	how did you know ? i am trying so hard to lose weight	food is just like drugs . you have to say no !	yeah , sadly i am not very good at saying no . i m even a good cook	therein lies the problem . i ride horses to exercise . you exercise ?	i try to go to the gym every once in a while	oh okay . my dad sells cars . you need a car ?
rep-1195	hey like , how s it going	good and how are you today ?	hey like , how s it going	good and how are you today ?	i m really good , just got back from practice	what kind of practice do you do ?	i do tae kwan do , my dad is my instructor	very cool . i am a real estate agent .	have you sold any houses lately ?	yes , lots . i have two kids in kindergarten so i am busy !	that s cool , i ve never met a real estate agent . i ve never moved	do you have any kids ?
rep-1196	hey there like to workout ?	not really . i enjoy video games and reading mostly . do you workout ?	hey there like to workout ?	not really . i enjoy video games and reading mostly . do you workout ?	yes i do all the time	are you a bodybuilder ? what do you do for a living ?	no no body builder but i am a vegan	that is interesting . i am also a vegan and a vet . i love animals .	really wow , any siblings ? all i have is my dad an bro	a sister in california , where we grew up . i am in florida now . you ?	i like to listen to trap queen an gucci do you ?	yes ! i rap on the weekends myself too . my friends like country , boo .	really ? going to watch gucci get married tomorrow ? 10 17	i did not even know gucci was getting married . who to ?	keisha they are so cute together	do they have any kids together ?	no not yet i can not wait till they do	i bet they will be so cute . and their names will be off the hook .
rep-1197	hi, what do you do?	i just graduated . working at a fast food joint now .	hi, what do you do?	i just graduated . working at a fast food joint now .	nice, do you like music? whenever i am not working i listen to music	what kind of music? i just work to help my aunt and uncle out .	mostly rap, i like a lot of art	do you draw? where do you live?	i live in rochester boston, where mark walk berg is from	do you work anywhere? i am thinking about going to college soon .	go to college, they loved me there since i was only 5 feet tall	cool . my parents kicked me out because i would not cut my hair and shave .	wow that is not good . i love shaving but i hate wearing sandals	i have to stay with my aunt and uncle . my job made me shave though .	what kind of job is it?	cooking fast food . totally dead end . so hopefully college soon . saving up.
rep-1198	hello i am ray i am 20 years old	that is ironic, my dad is named ray . he lives with my mom in australia	hello i am ray i am 20 years old	that is ironic, my dad is named ray . he lives with my mom in australia
rep-1199	good evening ! how are you today ?	i am fine i have to make sure all my babies are healthy
rep-1200	hi, do you know how to sew or nit? i enjoy making my clothing by myself	hi! no, but 2 of my 3 sisters do know how .	hi, do you know how to sew or nit? i enjoy making my clothing by myself	hi! no, but 2 of my 3 sisters do know how .	i recently went on a walk and saw how dirty my environment is, this concerns me .	i contribute to the dirtiness . i party a lot when my band is not playing a gig .	nice, i am more reserved, i just found a stray cat and adopted it	that is sweet . my band is popular . i am the lead singer in it .	nice, what kind of music?	rock . i like to be pumped up all the time .	i mostly like folk songs, my mother does not approve of rock	i have to make it big . i did not finish high school .	just join the army? they make good money, my mom is an army nurse	i would rather make it big in music . it has always been my dream.
rep-1201	hi how are you today	good . tired , i was teaching kindergarten most of the day .	hi how are you today	good . tired , i was teaching kindergarten most of the day .	what is your party affiliation ?	i lean conservative . how about you ?	i am 100 republican	i have a husband and a child to think about . i voted party line .	yeah i also teach and stuff	very cool ! my kids i teach love my convertible mustang .	i have a lot of kids	right on . what grade do you teach ?
rep-1202	hi ! what is your name ?	amanda . what do they call you ?	hi ! what is your name ?
rep-1203	hello , how are you doing today ?	i am doing great . just having a few slices of bacon for breakfast . you ?	hello , how are you doing today ?	i am doing great . just having a few slices of bacon for breakfast . you ?	i am working on a paper for class . pulled an all nighter .	i did a lot of those when i was in school learning to be an engineer	engineer ? nice . i am going for biology .	that is a good subject to get into . do you speak any other languages ?
rep-1204	hey whats up? i just got home from the gym.
rep-1205	janice here . what are you up to tonight ?	they call me big shirley . i love scary movies . you ?	janice here . what are you up to tonight ?	they call me big shirley . i love scary movies . you ?	well , i am more into sports than i am horror flicks .	i see . i workout lifting weights . you ?	i played a lot of sports in high school , but stopped when i started college .	i am a warehouse worker . i cook a great bbq .	i just graduated college and am still looking for a job .	keep your head up ! i work the forklift . what work do you do ?
rep-1206	hello, how are you tonight?	doing good . just got home from working at th factory .	hello, how are you tonight?	doing good . just got home from working at th factory .	i work in finance, like my parents who still reside in australia .	very cool . i grow violets in my garden . i love the color purple .	i have a springer spaniel named charlie, do you have pets?	i do . a poodle . we watch the buckeyes together every saturday .	i currently reside in ohio, they are a great team .	very cool! where in ohio?	halfway between akron and cleveland . where are you?	i am in florida right now .	i just came back from there . i was in jacksonville .	right on . i am in tampa right now .	my friend lives outside of tampa . lovely area . i am thinking of relocating there .	i love it here . and the weather is cooling now .	it is freezing here . i am sporting basic white girl attire, lol
rep-1207	hello . how are you doing ?	i am good . do you have any hobbies ?	hello . how are you doing ?	i am good . do you have any hobbies ?	yes i do . i like singing . how about you ?	i love the out doors like hiking and camping .	that is cool . are you single ? have any kids ?	nope , but my dad is retired .	ah , well single is my status . i do not want to have any kids .	i am more about myself as well . i love eating red meat .	yeah , i have a dream . it is to become an actress .
rep-1208	hello, how are you? do you play poke?	hi . i am doing great thanks for asking . i do play poker sometimes .	hello, how are you? do you play poke?	hi . i am doing great thanks for asking . i do play poker sometimes .	it is so relaxing, i am stressed from college . running does not always help relieve it.
rep-1209	hello , how are you today ?	hello i am doing well . hanging out with my dog pedro	hello , how are you today ?	hello i am doing well . hanging out with my dog pedro	what kind of dog is he ?	he is a yorkie . perfect size for me since i am only five feet tall .	how old is your dog ?	he is five . he likes to eat muffins like me .	do you take him to the dog park ?	yes , there is one at my job at the healthcare industry .	do you like your job ? i am in real estate .	yes . i also like film do you ?	i like movies about history .	so do i . i also like documentaries , do you ?	yes , i like most of them . as long as it is something i am interested in .	same here . anything else you want to share with me ?	sure , i like working on cars .	what kind of cars ? my car needs to get fixed . maybe you can find mine ?
rep-1210	hi how are you today	i am great , how are you ?	hi how are you today	i am great , how are you ?	pretty good do you work	i am in publishing , heading to nyc next year for my job	do you get your nails done ?	i do , i keep them short though because i skate	are you a pro skater then	no , but i still enjoy it as a hobby . what do you do ?	just ride my horses around do you
rep-1211	hi there, i am marcus, how are you today?
rep-1212	hello , how are you today ?	hi . i am fine . my parents would be mad if they knew i was up .	hello , how are you today ?	hi . i am fine . my parents would be mad if they knew i was up .	that is funny , do you read drama like me ?	i do not read much , but i do listen to pink floyd .	i like them almost as much as video games	i love video games ! what 14 year old does not ? what do you do ?	i an a doctor for animals	i really like dogs . not cats . allergies .
rep-1213	i just got back from a bike ride with my grandchildren .	that sounds lovely! have you ever taken them to the zoo? i love zoos!	i just got back from a bike ride with my grandchildren .	that sounds lovely! have you ever taken them to the zoo? i love zoos!	zoos are awesome! i adopted my cat from the zoo	what kind of cat? i do not have any pets .	you have to promise not to tell, having tigers is illegal	no need to worry, i am a nurse not a cop!	that is so cool . i am a nurses aide at the old folks home	how nice . sometimes i donate teddy bears to old folks homes i have a large collection	that is a nice thing to do . my grandchildren like teddy bears too	i have extras i can give them! not the green ones that is my favorite color!	thank you! i will have six happy grandkids! can fido have one too?	absolutely! the collection is pretty large . what is your favorite color?	i think yellow? i like them all . green is a smart color	i like to think so!
rep-1214	hello . i am eating sausage and bacon for breakfast . what are you having?	i just finished bacon and pancakes .	hello . i am eating sausage and bacon for breakfast . what are you having?	i just finished bacon and pancakes .	as a doctor i should know to eat less bacon but it is just so god	that is true . i am studying to become a fashion designer .	so cool! since i am into bodybuilding i do not wear many clothes	i lifted weights in prison . i did some time for stealing .	oh so did my brother . my secretary mom was so upset about it	my parents do not care about me . they are hardly ever around .	i am sorry to hear that . do you have any siblings or kids?	i would love to be a mom but i am trying to turn my life around .	good luck! i have seen many success stories in my work as a doctor	thank you . do you have any children?	i do not . too busy bodybuilding and working at the doctors office	being a doctor is very important . are you a specialist?
rep-1215	hello, how are you tonight? do you have pets or children?	hi there . i do not any children but i do have a dog named charlie .	hello, how are you tonight? do you have pets or children?	hi there . i do not any children but i do have a dog named charlie .	aw . that is so cute . i am designing a snoopy tee tonight .	neat! where are you from? i am from australia . my parents still live there .	i am in the united states . i always wanted to go to australia.
rep-1216	hey there how are you? what are you doing?	i am good . just hanging out with my dog max . what are you up to?	hey there how are you? what are you doing?	i am good . just hanging out with my dog max . what are you up to?	not much dreaming of how successful i can become on here with focus	i struggle with focus . i am always daydreaming about travel and different adventures	i wish my parents had more then me but oh well	we always want the opposite . i moved in with my girlfriend to get away	well i am also still in school	me too . i am a full time student at bacon university .	so are you okay there	i love it . i am taking a class on the history of oreos
rep-1217	hello, i love being at home where i can watch tv, which i love .	hello . i live in an apartment . it is a low income residence .	hello, i love being at home where i can watch tv, which i love .	hello . i live in an apartment . it is a low income residence .	do you live alone? i live with my husband whom i love very much .	yes i live alone because i do not want pets . i do not care for animals .	animals are a lot of work, and i do not like physical activity, or exercise.
rep-1218	i just found out my friend is getting married . i do not know if that is good or bad	that is great ! family is awesome . mine lives down the street from me .	i just found out my friend is getting married . i do not know if that is good or bad	that is great ! family is awesome . mine lives down the street from me .	i was just at my other friends wedding last week but not me , i am single	are you conservative ? i am .	all of my family is an hour away . i moved for a better job in sales	hopefully the pay is worth it ! do you like ford or chevy ? my truck is a ford .	conservative is just one of those words used by the media . its all the same	i disagree . every sunday i am in church . generally the more conservative are there .	both are good but i want one of the new tesla electric cars .
rep-1219	good morning . how are you?	i am alright, how are you?	good morning . how are you?	i am alright, how are you?	up too early, but that is the best time for surfing .	same, i am browsing music while my baby brother takes his nap . what are you up to?
rep-1220	hi! what are you up to? i am listening to some rap while studying	hi, i am lucy . just getting ready for another day at the office	hi! what are you up to? i am listening to some rap while studying	hi, i am lucy . just getting ready for another day at the office	what do you do at the office? i am studying to be a teacher	i am a secretary . that is neat, what subject do you want to teach	i want to teach kindergarten . i am 22 and have lots of energy	kindergarten would be fun! do you play any sports
rep-1221	hey, do you want to marry me? i go to college .	sorry, i am in college myself and want to finish my education first .	hey, do you want to marry me? i go to college .	sorry, i am in college myself and want to finish my education first .	oh, i guess that is fine . where are you from?	i am in ohio, i play lacrosse for ohio state .	what are you studying? i am trying to go for marine biology	music theory . i love tupac, so i want to incorporate it into therapy sessions .	he was hot . rip . that is really cool	i loved him, and cried when he passed .	i was too young to really understand .	i have read a lot about it .	i only read about dolphins .	i love dolphins, and sea stars .	but you will not marry me	i do not have on line relationships, that is so creepy.
rep-1222	do you want to go to the gym with me ?	no i am just on my lunch break	do you want to go to the gym with me ?	no i am just on my lunch break	i like being alone anyway .	i might be good company my english is getting better	you already rejected me though .	just for the gym whats going on latter ?	drinking some water alone probably .	do you like classical music ?	i have no opinion .	i am going to a concert for bach want to come ?	yes , after the gym maybe
rep-1223	hello ? i have not had a lot of interaction lately .	hi there ! do you live alone ?	hello ? i have not had a lot of interaction lately .
rep-1224	hey there how are you today?	hi . good . just quilting tonight . tomorrow night i will cross stitch .	hey there how are you today?	hi . good . just quilting tonight . tomorrow night i will cross stitch .	i spend a great deal of time at school	that is great! education here is great . my parents taught me to value it .	i love the ocean me an my friends explore together	my parents came here from across the ocean . proud immigrants.
rep-1225	hi this is josh . just got out of class . i am a law student .	hi josh , i am frank . i am on leave from the army .	hi this is josh . just got out of class . i am a law student .	hi josh , i am frank . i am on leave from the army .	oh . thank you for serving our country . do you have siblings . i am only child .	no siblings , my mother was not in my life . what do you like to do ?	i am so driven to be successful . i study hard and work hard .	that is a good approach . what do you do for fun ? i love karaoke !	i have never tried karaoke . i like to hike actually .	hiking is good for you ! its tough for me though cause i am colorblind .	oh is it your browns , reds and greens ?	yeah everything . i just see black and white . it has benefits though .	wow . that is a unique colorblindness . is not it ? what benefits ?	it is unique . i can see camouflaged movement better than other people can though !	oh i see . that is good then . definitely .	yeah its helped me become a specialist in the army . what law do you study ?
rep-1226	good evening . vietnam veteran here .	nice . i am in the south korean army .
rep-1227	good morning, how are you today?	i am fine thank you how is your day going?	good morning, how are you today?	i am fine thank you how is your day going?	very well . just got my kid sister to school, now on to the gym .	that is nice of you do you work out often or in your spare time?
rep-1228	hi! what are you up to? i am listening to some rap while studying	hi, i am lucy . just getting ready for another day at the office	hi! what are you up to? i am listening to some rap while studying	hi, i am lucy . just getting ready for another day at the office	what do you do at the office? i am studying to be a teacher
rep-1229	hello, how are you doing today?	hello . i am retired, so i am great! i was a banker . how are you?	hello, how are you doing today?	hello . i am retired, so i am great! i was a banker . how are you?	i am doing well . i am just watching my favorite show called the office .	i love that show too! i make quilts for relatives and sew while i watch it .	oh nice! i live in new york but i do not drive, though .	me neither . i enjoy walking . i try to do at least a mile a day .	do you like to eat sweet things? i do not eat anything that is sweet .	i love sweet things . do you have any pets? i have a cat a siamese .	i have a dog . he is a pitt bull and so spoiled .	that is too cute . i absolutely love animals.
rep-1230	hi i work at a pet place , where do you work at ?	hi , i am an accountant . i have got two kids . do you have kids ?	hi i work at a pet place , where do you work at ?	hi , i am an accountant . i have got two kids . do you have kids ?	no , i am into music , a musician and i work at a pet place	cool ! what instrument do you play ?	the piano , i am a pianist like the movie . whats your favorite band ?	wow , i love piano . i do not listen to music these days though . i hike !	me too i love running	how long have you been a runner ?	for about 3 years , what do you listen to while hiking ?	the birds singing and the wind whistling . so what state are you in ?
rep-1231	hi, i am an rn and my dog is pedro .	hi i blog about rabbit rescues and compete as a body builder .	hi, i am an rn and my dog is pedro .	hi i blog about rabbit rescues and compete as a body builder .	you have any pets? i can make, cook and eat muffins all day . you sing?	no cooking i live with my little sister, also i do not sing but love tim mcgraw .	wow! i stand five feet, single and sell stuff online .	that is awesome i buy many things online, mostly of my idol theodore roosevelt.
rep-1232	hey there how are you ? it was beautiful saturday my friend got married !	i am doing great ! i am just currently exploring with my sea creature friends !	hey there how are you ? it was beautiful saturday my friend got married !	i am doing great ! i am just currently exploring with my sea creature friends !	i love bands especially rush	i like rush as well , i have to see them whenever i can above the sea .	what kind of sea creatures ? i like to draw online its a hobby	well starfish , jellyfish , squids , fish , they are all my friends !	really ? i like to do anything in sales , that is my field	that sounds awesome , i have a tail as feet , so i can not work .	are you a fish ? i am also a omnivore	no , i am not , i do have long wavy hair though !	you are a mermaid ! wow ! cool let me see you	i wish i could let you see me , i have to eat dinner with my family though .	really ? oh what do you eat ?	i eat whatever my family makes me , i get to go play with friends after though !	oh really ? what kind of play do you do ?
rep-1233	good evening, hope you are well	i am, but sadly southern california is on fire	good evening, hope you are well	i am, but sadly southern california is on fire	oh no! that is awful! makes being born with a tail seem trivial .	i cant get to the set with all this fire traffic
rep-1234	hey there how are you ?	i write books , cookbooks about diet	hey there how are you ?	i write books , cookbooks about diet	i am always tired but i am a old man	i am fine , i also have a dieting business that is growing .
rep-1235	hi there! just finished cooking my homemade meal of the day . how about you?	oh, what did you make? i made some traditional native american food .	hi there! just finished cooking my homemade meal of the day . how about you?	oh, what did you make? i made some traditional native american food .	lasagna . my husband and 8 kids keep me really busy!	yum! my dogs and birds keep me busy .	i like to read when i get time, but my husband needs my help often.
rep-1236	good morning how are you	tired after driving my truck for delivery . on the road for 19 hours .	good morning how are you	tired after driving my truck for delivery . on the road for 19 hours .	you know what would make your day feel shorter ? some good oldies music	i like music but love mystery books more . have any children ?	i have no children , that is why i am able to retire so soon	we are a family of 9 . husband , me and the children .	that is great . i like to play racquetball , do you play ?	never played . sounds fun . i like the ocean and anything blue .	and i love to try barbecue restaurants	me too . i really like farms . my family had a really big one .
rep-1237	hello there, how are you today?	just as fantastic as i possibly can be and yourself?	hello there, how are you today?	just as fantastic as i possibly can be and yourself?	i am doing so good thank you! lots of studying tonight for me .	what are you studying, may i ask?	i am studying law currently . kind of a challenge but worth it!	cool i am in jail right now so can i ask you some questions?
rep-1238	hi , do you like skating ? i am a pro skater	i do not really know how to skate but i think its very cool	hi , do you like skating ? i am a pro skater	i do not really know how to skate but i think its very cool	good , whenever i am not skating i am listening to bluegrass	i listen to music while i am doing carpentry . i just cant seem to stop moving ever	carpentry is cool , do you do that as work ?	more of a hobby . i am 40 and still do not have a set career
rep-1239	i just ran around when it s about paranormal	whoa ! that is freaky ! how is that done ?	i just ran around when it s about paranormal	whoa ! that is freaky ! how is that done ?	oh it s because of those novels paranormal mall i ve read	you like books huh ? i actually sell paranormal books ?	yeah i might probably visit but i work very busy at my moms restaurant part time	sweet . maybe you can trade food for books . do you cater to omnivores ?	this makes me excited and i m a musically stuttering only pizza	you sound very interesting ! do you need a graphic designer ? its my hobby .	i just need pizza on my favorites	you must like pizza as much as i like rush . you know ? the band ?	i have never heard of those band	awww man ! get some pizza , play some rush ! ! we should hang out sometime .	for sure i think that s a perfect setting	what music do you like ?	i don t really prefer any kind of music any	well , does your mom play any music at her restaurant ?
rep-1240	hello, how are you tonight? are you watching the office	hi! i am well, thanks . i actually just got back from a hike .	hello, how are you tonight? are you watching the office	hi! i am well, thanks . i actually just got back from a hike .	that sounds wonderful, i live in the city and do not have hiking trails.
rep-1241	hi, i am married and have a husband, he is my world, i love him	my collection of stickers and poetry are mine lol	hi, i am married and have a husband, he is my world, i love him	my collection of stickers and poetry are mine lol	nice, do you watch anything on tv for fun?	i like jane the virgin	nice, i love watching movies and shows and i love tv	me to but i want to learn the art of drawing	what kind of drawing? who inspired you?	anything and everything pictures, stickers, beautiful scenes	nice, lets go sometime when your free, are you a girl or guy?	i am a female do you mind	i am a female and i have a husband that is the world to me	would he mind you meeting new people
rep-1242	hello how are you this evening ?	hello good i start my first in college next year	hello how are you this evening ?	hello good i start my first in college next year	awesome ! i plan on starting hairdresser school	my parent are forcing me to become a doctor	being a doctor is good but do not like that youre being forced	since they brought me a volkswagen they been acting controlling
rep-1243	hi how are you today	i am fine what about you?	hi how are you today	i am fine what about you?	pretty good are you married?	no i am not married . i loved a guy for 4 years and he let me
rep-1244	hi , do you know how to sew or nit ? i enjoy making my clothing by myself	hi ! no , but 2 of my 3 sisters do know how .	hi , do you know how to sew or nit ? i enjoy making my clothing by myself	hi ! no , but 2 of my 3 sisters do know how .	i recently went on a walk and saw how dirty my environment is , this concerns me .	i contribute to the dirtiness . i party a lot when my band is not playing a gig .
rep-1245	hey i love bobs burgers! i love tv and movies!	good evening how are you?	hey i love bobs burgers! i love tv and movies!	good evening how are you?	i am great! i am having my favorite food ice cream . what about you?	i love to eat red meat .	me too! i do not like to work our or any physical activity really .	my dad just retired 2 years ago .	nice, is he a homebody? i am .	my mom is a doctor at a senior citizen home .	she must enjoy spending time with elderly people .	i go camping 6 times a year and hiking every month.
rep-1246	hey whats up ? i just got home from the gym .	right now i am attending school . i like msic .	hey whats up ? i just got home from the gym .	right now i am attending school . i like msic .	awesome bro . i quite school to work and earn money .	my family consists of 4 , myself , one sibling , and 2 parents .	i hate families . i prefer to be alone .	i am short at 5 ft tall . how about you ?	i am 5 ft and 6 in tall . i weigh 220 pounds and its all muscle .	that sounds very nice , yes .	what is your favorite drink ? mine has to be water . i love water	i love pepsi , it is the best .	if i want to keep this amazing body , i can not drink any of that .	but it tastes so wonderful !	my body is a temple and i can not drink that poison	i understand your point of view .	thanks for understanding . do you have a job ?	i am a stay at home mother .
rep-1247	hey, wannago for a walk?	probably not, but how has your day been?	hey, wannago for a walk?	probably not, but how has your day been?	pretty good . i took my cat to the vet .	interesting, i came back from my brother wedding .	i would make him a quilt .	what kind of quilt would you make?	a fabulous one . with cats	do you like cats? i dislike animals.
rep-1248	hi, i have a cat, dog, bird and fish . no children . no soda just water .	you have a lot of pets	hi, i have a cat, dog, bird and fish . no children . no soda just water .	you have a lot of pets	yes! you? i like being by myself .	i have two kids . that keeps me busy enough . lol	great! i work for ups part time .	that is a busy job especially around the holidays	true! single life is great . married?	actually not anymore . it is a long story
rep-1249	hey there how are you?	pretty great! i am just eating a steak and potatoes	hey there how are you?	pretty great! i am just eating a steak and potatoes	i love superheros especially the dark movie kind .	they are really good . what is your favorite?	really? i enjoy me a good hard drink, scotch is my choice .	yummy . i drank a ton last week when i was at my friends wedding	whoa, i hope you were not sloppy drunk lol	just a little bit but i am sure he will forgive me haha
rep-1250	hi how are you today	hi ! i am feeling great after a 40 minutes workout .	hi how are you today	hi ! i am feeling great after a 40 minutes workout .	what did you eat after it ?	some fresh fruit , a very light snack .
rep-1251	i just finished spending time with my children three girls	sweet ! i just finished skating . that is my job , to do tricks on my skateboard .	i just finished spending time with my children three girls	sweet ! i just finished skating . that is my job , to do tricks on my skateboard .	you can teach my three girls to do that because i m separated with my husband
rep-1252	hello how are you doing today?	not too bad . a little sad, but such is life .	hello how are you doing today?	not too bad . a little sad, but such is life .	why are you sad today did something happen?	just need to lose some weight . having 3 kids will do that .	oh i can only imagine i decided long ago that i did not want kids .	smart choice! do you like to cook? i would be a great chef lol	no not really . so many good places to eat at in the big apple	i want to go there, but with me on days and hubby nights, it s not feasible .	its amazing my dream is to act but for now i will stick to modeling	sounds great? do you have any pets? we have a family cat .	no . i am always traveling for work so hard to keep an animal .	very true . what else do you like to do?	well i do enjoy singing but not sure that my voice is that good	i m sure it is! we are our worst critic after all.
rep-1253	hello and how are you doing this evening ?	i tired just got home from the war museum	hello and how are you doing this evening ?	i tired just got home from the war museum	have you ever heard of being a furry ? that is who i am	oh wow ! how was your day furry	lol good do you play on second life ? i do	no just the living even though my wife keeps dying
rep-1254	hello , how are you this evening ?	i m good i m playing for my next travel and adventure	hello , how are you this evening ?	i m good i m playing for my next travel and adventure	that sounds fun . i enjoy playing board games and reading biographies .	arctic and i m going to use that for my lessons in school as a teacher	i just finished school . i graduated from college .	so i switched to being interested in iceland geology teacher	oh , cool . do you have any pets ? my cat is named arizona .	nope but i do like polar beers i hunt them as food
rep-1255	hey , how are you doing tonight ?	i am well just got in from playing with the dolphins . how are you ?	hey , how are you doing tonight ?	i am well just got in from playing with the dolphins . how are you ?	the football team or the animal ?	animal . my home is under water . where do you live ?	what do you live in a sea lab or a sub ? i live in my dad	the sea is my home . the aquatic creatures are my friends .
rep-1256	hello how are you today	i am doing well, and you?	hello how are you today	i am doing well, and you?	i am doing great! its my favorite time of the year	mine as well, i plan to walk my two dogs later today	what kind of dogs do you have? the only pet i have is a turtle	i have a german shepards, what is your turtles name?	his name is tim . german shepards are the cutest dogs	yes they are . what do you do for a living?	i run my parents business while they live in bora bora	that is very nice of you . what kind of business is it?
rep-1257	hi my name is marie how are you today?	hey marie . i am well thank you . how old are you?	hi my name is marie how are you today?	hey marie . i am well thank you . how old are you?	i am 30 years old .	cool . i am just a girl . i am 12 years old.
rep-1258	its fall ! finally time for the snow to come ! !	i am from australia so i lobe a good snowfall	its fall ! finally time for the snow to come ! !	i am from australia so i lobe a good snowfall	i love australia . i went there to see metallica once ! !	cool but i live in the usa . what city are you in ?	i am was born in wisconsin but moved at 17 to oklahoma	i am in miami , i love america	its incredible right ? i am a manger consultant so growing this country is awesome	your job sound s interesting
rep-1259	i am male, divorce, 6 grandchildren, ex named doug .	nice to meet you doug . i am lucy	i am male, divorce, 6 grandchildren, ex named doug .	nice to meet you doug . i am lucy	hi, i have schwinn bike and work in old folks home . you?	i am a secretary at an office . nothing too exciting	oh okay . my children and dogs are exciting .	that is awesome . i love animals	i have a cat named grace .	that is a beautiful name for an animal	you think? i take of people society has thrown away .	i do think . i went to grace college last year	get out! me too! are you in virginia?	haha yes i am . what a small world we live in!	oh my! i am nurses aid.
rep-1260	hello how are you today ?	i am doing well . glad that monday is done and over with . how are you ?	hello how are you today ?	i am doing well . glad that monday is done and over with . how are you ?	good what kind of music do you like ? i am really into music myself !	i really like pop and rock music . how about you ?	i like pink floyd but other kids my age not not into them .	i am sure there are kids your age who likes pink floyd	not around here . it is all country , rap or a weird fusion of the two .	oh . do you currently work , or in school ?	i am still in middle school . are you still in school ?	yes , i am in college . i am looking to be a fashion designer . how about you ?	i want to be an actor when i get older .	are you in drama theatre in school ?	of course i have been in school plays for years ! i got the lead this year .	that is great ! i always wanted to go into drama stuff but never got around to it
rep-1261	i just finish what i usually enjoy doing mills cooking	that is good . what is mills cooking?	i just finish what i usually enjoy doing mills cooking
rep-1262	hello how are you ?	i am fine shopping for clothes wyd ?	hello how are you ?	i am fine shopping for clothes wyd ?	what kind of clothes ? i am just playing with ginger my golden retriever	i like jeans an boots	what is your favorite store ? i did not shop at all when i studied abroad
rep-1263	hi want to get to know each other?	yes, i would like that.
rep-1264	hi! my name is jenny, what is your name?	i am jess . how are you doing?	hi! my name is jenny, what is your name?	i am jess . how are you doing?	i am doing really well, thank you . do you have any hobbies?	i like singing! what about you?	i was never a good singer . i practice tae kwan do with my dad .	oh that is cool . are you close with your family?	oh yes, my dad teaches lessons so i learn from him everyday . even won a competition once!	wow! do you have a favorite color?	black! it is the color i want my belt someday, haha . what about you?	no, i am actually colorblind	if you had a favorite color, what color do you think it would be?	i have heard great things about blue	wow that is funny, that is the color of my belt now . how old are you?
rep-1265	hi there, just getting home from work how are you doing?	just playing my fantasy videogames relaxing	hi there, just getting home from work how are you doing?	just playing my fantasy videogames relaxing	that sounds like fun i like first person shooter games . and movies	o ok i can make a shooter game my degree is in computer science	i work in medical . you shoot them i will heal them lol
rep-1266	hi ! how are you doing today ?	i am wonderful thank you . i am listening to classical music	hi ! how are you doing today ?	i am wonderful thank you . i am listening to classical music	very nice ! what do you do for work ?	i am what you call a water engineer	hmm , interesting . i am in the army !	i admire all servicemen and women . i am currently chomping down on bacon	yummy , bacon is my favorite food too .	what are your current goals at the moment ? i want to finish my m . s .	i am just waiting to get out of the army and south korea .	i see . what is home for you ? i am a native californian	i am from puerto rico originally .	i have an uncle from puerto rico . my family is cuban . we love music	i love music too and cuban food .
rep-1267	hello there, how are you today?	just as fantastic as i possibly can be and yourself?	hello there, how are you today?	just as fantastic as i possibly can be and yourself?	i am doing so good thank you! lots of studying tonight for me .	what are you studying, may i ask?	i am studying law currently . kind of a challenge but worth it!	cool i am in jail right now so can i ask you some questions?	wow i am sorry to hear that . sure ask away .	so i am here for selling sea monkeys like you see in comic books	really? that sounds really interesting . how does that work?	what do you mean? i got convicted for mail fraud cuz sea monkeys do not exist
rep-1268	hey there how are you doing today ?	am am fine thanks you	hey there how are you doing today ?	am am fine thanks you	i am good , just getting off work	ok how was work good i hope	it was good , sitting at a computer all day is hard . you have a job ?	yes do care giver not too bad	what do you like to do for fun ?	i like to go fishing	that is fun . i like to watch the news and read . a lot	that great i watch some new all so	which station do you watch ?
rep-1269	hi how is it going?	hi there i am great eating a snack and you?	hi how is it going?	hi there i am great eating a snack and you?	i am allergic to mangoes	but how they are delicious well i eat alot	i like to collect civil war antiques	really i am a body builder on my days off	let me see you flex then	lol i am shy i have to get to know you first	i know but they mess me up, ever been married?	no thank god i never been
rep-1270	hi how are you today	not bad just got done playing second life	hi how are you today	not bad just got done playing second life	very good do you have any cats?	yes, i a also a furry	that is no good i am allergic	oh, i understand . i have some allergies too	do you wake up early?	not really, i stay up late online	did you go to public school?	not anymore because i am 28	oh i was homeschooled it was odd	i bet, in texas there are a lot of home schooled people	what do you do for fun
rep-1271	hi here i am in sunny california . where do you live?	i live in florida but my family is from toronto	hi here i am in sunny california . where do you live?	i live in florida but my family is from toronto	oh i see . moving to the east coast next year to the big apple .	cool . how old are you?	now i am 23 and acting is my profession . also do a little runway modeling .	nice . i am 16 and i would like to be in the army
rep-1272	hello how are you doing	hello i am doing okay how are you	hello how are you doing	hello i am doing okay how are you	very good thank you tell me about you?	i just turned 20 and am stationed in south korea .	what do you guys get to do in your spare time . i play frisbee	i target practice but the others read books and write home . i cant write home	what is that . no one to write too or another reason?	i am from puerto rico so its hard for me to get letters to them
rep-1273	greetings! how are you doing today?	am well just at the beach sun warming	greetings! how are you doing today?	am well just at the beach sun warming	are you employed? army is my employer right now .	yes am a personal secretary to mr . gregor	puerto rico is my birth place . what about yours?	oklahoma is my place of birth	i am in south korea serving right now . have you been here?	no, may be will visit you but is it good?	i am getting out soon though . shamefully i can be violent .	violent always or when you get angry?	only when i am angry, but that is still not good, right?	yes but all people act weird when they get angry
rep-1274	hello, how are you? hold old are you? i am 34 .	oh hey, i am a 5 foot, 35 year old woman who has a dog, pedro .	hello, how are you? hold old are you? i am 34 .	oh hey, i am a 5 foot, 35 year old woman who has a dog, pedro .	awesome . what do you do for a living? i work as an environmentalist .	i work in healthcare . it is boring .	i am sorry . where did you go to school? i attended the university of mississippi .	in new york . it is in a great town with film festivals .	awesome! do you have any kids? i have two . they are in kindergarten.
rep-1275	hello how are you?	i am good but busy, you?	hello how are you?	i am good but busy, you?	doing well just playing with my dog who is 180 pounds	what breed of dog is it?	a akita named keiko we go for super long walks	sounds great, i love long walks, and being active in general .	what is your favorite thing to do while being active?	just playing sports . any sport, really .	have a favorite sport? what is your favorite food?	as a 22 year old woman, i can eat whatever i want .	we should go out for italian that is my favorite food
rep-1276	hello, how are you tonight?	hi, i am doing great, how are you doing?	hello, how are you tonight?	hi, i am doing great, how are you doing?	i am doing wonderfully, just came back from the zoo .	how was the zoo and the animals?	it was amazing, i bought a new bear to add to my collection .	wow what color is the bear and what kind?	a sun bear . i will donate my collection to the shelter later this year .	that is amazing, how many do you have?	i have over 50 . we always get a large number of displaced children	that is a lot of bears wow, how long have you been collecting them?	since the beginning of the year, i am a nurse .	how long have you been a nurse?	almost twenty years . what do you do?	i am a full time babysitter	is that fun or do you do it solely for the money?	it is extremely fun and very active not for the money.
rep-1277	hello, how are you tonight?	i m doing ok how are you	hello, how are you tonight?	i m doing ok how are you	very well, thank you . watching one tree hill	how do you like that so	it is my favorite . what is yours?	i am not really into tv by i am more on animal
rep-1278	hey there how are you?	i write books, cookbooks about diet	hey there how are you?	i write books, cookbooks about diet	i am always tired but i am a old man	i am fine, i also have a dieting business that is growing .	what is the name of it? i got 1 leg only	try to have pets, i have a dog and 2 cats it gives me energy	oh man, i use to serve the military	you are a very brave person, i love to exercise for long hours	really? i got a wheel chair it goes fast	i respect you! do you like plays? i do .	goodnight there see ya later	you like to race on a wheel chair?	i would lol would you?	you can have so much fun doing it.
rep-1279	hello ! good evening . how are you ?	i am doing well . how about yourself ?	hello ! good evening . how are you ?	i am doing well . how about yourself ?	i am doing well a bit tired .	what did you do today ?	i cleaned my home . what about you ?	i took my dogs to the dog park .	how many dogs do you have ?	i have two . a husky and a pitbull .	aww husky . i studied at uconn so we were husky	lol awesome . what did you study ?	business administration i finished it .	sweet . what do you do with your degree ?
rep-1280	did you know that working at whole foods means you can ride a horse to work?!	not really, i am studying at the university up state learning biology .	did you know that working at whole foods means you can ride a horse to work?!	not really, i am studying at the university up state learning biology .	that is cool . hoping to go to med school?	marine biology actually, still a student but i do not party .	neither do i . instead i paint in my spare time . often times it is a city landscape	that is nice, i was born and raised in the united states have you painted there?	yup, i live in the us . a major west coast city in fact .	awesome, we should chat more often . well i am very busy with my study .	and i am budy analyzing taylor swift lyrics . did you know they can contain hidden messages?!	yeah, i play her music to scare whales in deep ocean trenches . .
rep-1281	hi there how are you today?	i am good, and how are you?
rep-1282	hi there , how are you ?	not too bad . how about you	hi there , how are you ?	not too bad . how about you	i am good . i have been working in my garden .	gardening is always fun . i like the guitar	i love walking , especially this time of year .	same . this is my favorite time of year .	what do you do for a living ?	i read tarot cards and have a bunch of tattoos
rep-1283	hello how are you doing	pretty good . how are you?	hello how are you doing	pretty good . how are you?	i am making dinner getting ready for bed	i just got off work .	i am looking for something different to do	i am looking for another job myself .	i was adopted by my aunt and uncle	my parents did not want me either .	if i ever hit the lottery i will love to help some of these kids
rep-1284	hello there how is your day going?	hello to you, how was your day?	hello there how is your day going?
rep-1285	hello, how are you tonight? are you watching the office	hi! i am well, thanks . i actually just got back from a hike .	hello, how are you tonight? are you watching the office	hi! i am well, thanks . i actually just got back from a hike .	that sounds wonderful, i live in the city and do not have hiking trails .	i am in ohio where there are lots of wooded trails .	ohio is lovely, we went hiked blue hen and buttermilk falls once .	yes, very nice . my 2 sons love to hike buttermilk falls.
rep-1286	hello , how are you tonight ?	doing good . just got home from working at th factory .	hello , how are you tonight ?	doing good . just got home from working at th factory .	i work in finance , like my parents who still reside in australia .	very cool . i grow violets in my garden . i love the color purple .	i have a springer spaniel named charlie , do you have pets ?	i do . a poodle . we watch the buckeyes together every saturday .	i currently reside in ohio , they are a great team .	very cool ! where in ohio ?	halfway between akron and cleveland . where are you ?	i am in florida right now .	i just came back from there . i was in jacksonville .	right on . i am in tampa right now .	my friend lives outside of tampa . lovely area . i am thinking of relocating there .	i love it here . and the weather is cooling now .	it is freezing here . i am sporting basic white girl attire , lol
rep-1287	hello, how are you tonight?	great . how are you doing	hello, how are you tonight?	great . how are you doing	doing good, just getting my girls down for the night .	how many do you have	three girls, do you have children?	a boy and a girl . 12 and 9 . angelic monsters lol	one of each that is good . the girls can be a hand full .	who you telling . haha . my girl is a hundred times more stressful .	my mom was a teacher and i am not sure how she did it .	kudos to her . i am exhausted half way through the day .	yes, me to! i was born later so she has lots of patients.
rep-1288	hi, how has your day been?	great and how was your day?	hi, how has your day been?	great and how was your day?	long day at work . teaching elementary wears me out .	i can imagine . i thought about having children but i am not ready yet .	it is worth it when the time comes! what do you do?
rep-1289	hi ! do you like dogs ? i have a great dane	hey there how are you today ? yes i like dogs	hi ! do you like dogs ? i have a great dane	hey there how are you today ? yes i like dogs	awesome ! i am good . what do you like to eat ?	i like to eat vegetables an beans	i really enjoy italian food . i hope to visit italy someday	i like to run an i love a good reliable older car	i prefer walking myself . i walk my big dog daily .	sounds good i would love to go there but as a doctor i am busy	oh wow . you could read about travel , that is what i do	yes i would love to but i stay busy running an reading	reading is my favorite ! i read about europe all the time	really what about ? i just relax to my wine an jazz
rep-1290	hello , my name is jonas , how are you doing today ?	bad , i am broke and my low income apartment has rent due tomorrow	hello , my name is jonas , how are you doing today ?	bad , i am broke and my low income apartment has rent due tomorrow	i know that feeling . i have been stuck at the same low paying job for years .	same here , fast food does not pay like how i thought it did at 16	at 16 , i had a job taking care of cats , but now i really hate them .	i hate all animals to be honest	i see . i like most animals , i grew up on a farm .	dropping out of high school was a bad idea . the landlord just called .	my landlord is my dad . we do not really get along .	lucky , he can give you slack .	he makes me cry as bad as onions do . but i truly enjoy onions .	not running is what makes me cry like a baby	i like to run as well . i did about 3 miles today .
rep-1291	hello how are you today?	i am doing well . glad that monday is done and over with . how are you?	hello how are you today?	i am doing well . glad that monday is done and over with . how are you?	good what kind of music do you like? i am really into music myself!	i really like pop and rock music . how about you?	i like pink floyd but other kids my age not not into them .	i am sure there are kids your age who likes pink floyd	not around here . it is all country, rap or a weird fusion of the two .	oh . do you currently work, or in school?	i am still in middle school . are you still in school?	yes, i am in college . i am looking to be a fashion designer . how about you?
rep-1292	how are you doing today ?	hey i am fine how about yourself	how are you doing today ?	hey i am fine how about yourself	i am exhausted ! my neck and my back hurt really bad .
rep-1293	hey there how are you i seen a spider an cried i hate snakes too	i am good . yikes i hate spiders too	hey there how are you i seen a spider an cried i hate snakes too	i am good . yikes i hate spiders too	yes i hate them, married? i am not with no kids	nope and no kids either . i love my horses like kids
rep-1294	hey there how are you ?	i write books , cookbooks about diet	hey there how are you ?	i write books , cookbooks about diet	i am always tired but i am a old man	i am fine , i also have a dieting business that is growing .	what is the name of it ? i got 1 leg only	try to have pets , i have a dog and 2 cats it gives me energy
rep-1295	hello there new friend how are you this fine evening	i am doing great . just taking a break from working on my car .	hello there new friend how are you this fine evening	i am doing great . just taking a break from working on my car .	i just got done working with my horses , it is what i love doing .	that is great . i like to hunt in my spare time .	what kind of music do you like ?	i am not a big music fan . i prefer the silence . you ?	that is odd . i like john denver .	i just prefer to work on restoring cars . i am also a handyman	that is cool . i like to cook and work with horses .	what do you do for work ?	i workout every day and i work with my horses
rep-1296	howdy how are you doing tonight i am okay thanks you jesus .	i am doing great . just thinking about my parents . they died years ago	howdy how are you doing tonight i am okay thanks you jesus .	i am doing great . just thinking about my parents . they died years ago	i am so sorry my dad died too when i was in my early twenty	i am really sorry to hear that . what do you do for fun ?	i love doing make up and hair also great cook .	terrific . my favorite thing to do is dance .	me too i enjoy riding my bike outside .	where do you live ? i am from edris island .
rep-1297	hello how are you today ?	oh ok . had better days	hello how are you today ?	oh ok . had better days	oh no tell me whats wrong	i cant stand my job . well actually the people there .	i drive a forklift in a plant with a bunch of kids so i know
rep-1298	hi ! what do you like to do ? i like reading and video games	hello . i do not really play video games , but i am a big movie fan .	hi ! what do you like to do ? i like reading and video games	hello . i do not really play video games , but i am a big movie fan .	i like to read drama books that are sometimes made into movies	that is interesting . my favorite movie is napoleon dynamite . i even named my dog pedro .	haha funny . i love dogs since i am a veterinarian .	oh wow ! i wanted to be a vet when i was a kid . i work in healthcare .
rep-1299	hi how are you doing i am okay .	i am doing very good ! i hope you had a very nice , relaxing sunday .	hi how are you doing i am okay .	i am doing very good ! i hope you had a very nice , relaxing sunday .	yes it was okay thank you so much i like walking . do you ?	i do , especially in the woods when i am out hunting . do you hunt ?	no not really but it seems to be a really fun activity .	it is ! i like to go with my father .	my work out is walking it is very good for the body . that is nice .
rep-1300	hi i work at a pet place , where do you work at ?	hi , i am an accountant . i have got two kids . do you have kids ?	hi i work at a pet place , where do you work at ?	hi , i am an accountant . i have got two kids . do you have kids ?	no , i am into music , a musician and i work at a pet place	cool ! what instrument do you play ?	the piano , i am a pianist like the movie . whats your favorite band ?	wow , i love piano . i do not listen to music these days though . i hike !	me too i love running	how long have you been a runner ?	for about 3 years , what do you listen to while hiking ?	the birds singing and the wind whistling . so what state are you in ?	i am in new york city , i love listening to nirvana while i run	yeah , i love nirvana ! where does one run in new york city ? i am in ohio .
rep-1301	hey guess what ? i am a jewish boy and still enjoy jazz music .	cool ! i am jewish too ! i play pop music , i am the lead singer of bb2	hey guess what ? i am a jewish boy and still enjoy jazz music .	cool ! i am jewish too ! i play pop music , i am the lead singer of bb2	nice , do you have a tv show you like my favorite one is the office .	never have time to watch tv , we are always on tour or throwing a party !	lucky , my jew parents will not let me eat sweets can you belive that	what ? my dad is awesome , i dropped out of school to travel with him .	i do not even get to drive myself , mostly because i live in new york though .	love nyc ! party all the time , my dad drove a semi , i helped .
rep-1302	hi how is it going?	hi there i am great eating a snack and you?	hi how is it going?	hi there i am great eating a snack and you?	i am allergic to mangoes	but how they are delicious well i eat alot	i like to collect civil war antiques	really i am a body builder on my days off
rep-1303	hi, what did you do today?	hey! a bunch of consulting for a large food service provider you?	hi, what did you do today?	hey! a bunch of consulting for a large food service provider you?	i am a nurse, my mom is also a nurse, an army nurse	oh wow i bet that is exciting .	not really, the only exciting thing about my life recently is i got a stray cat	my brother is in the army one of them anyway . you like cats?	i love cats, i love dressing cats, i made a cat sweater, i love knitting	well that is an interesting hobby . do you listen to music?	yes of course, i love folk music, what about you?	i like rock and heavy metal . metallica is my favorite band though .	nice, please tell me more	i grew up listening to eighties rock with my dad and that started my obsession	nice, did you dad listen to folk music?
rep-1304	hi , what did you do today ?	hey ! a bunch of consulting for a large food service provider you ?	hi , what did you do today ?	hey ! a bunch of consulting for a large food service provider you ?	i am a nurse , my mom is also a nurse , an army nurse
rep-1305	hi, do you like sports? i love softball	i am more of a reader	hi, do you like sports? i love softball	i am more of a reader	good for you, what do you do for work?	i work in an office, you?	i am in a program to help troubled teens	oh, are you a troubled teen?	no i work with them, i help them . i give them my favorite italian food while break	well good for you . i also love italian	yeah i love cooking italian and singing choir	how about travel? i want to go see the world	i have not done traveling, i am a taekwondo black belt master!
rep-1306	hi, how are you? i am really thirsty, but water scares me .	hey . that is a terrible conundrum!	hi, how are you? i am really thirsty, but water scares me .	hey . that is a terrible conundrum!	the plants in my garden are dying from lack of water . please help .	wish i could . i keep a large garden as well .	will you help me?	i am a little busy . i teach a college class in biology.
rep-1307	hello . how are you doing this evening?	i am doing well thanks i am an attorney and working on cases	hello . how are you doing this evening?	i am doing well thanks i am an attorney and working on cases	that is cool! my job is in labor and delivery .	what a fun job . i live in ok and am a native american	nice . do you have kids? i do not want any . i enjoy being single and alone.
rep-1308	hello . how are you? tell me about yourself .	hello well i love ice tea, country music, and love traveling hbu?	hello . how are you? tell me about yourself .	hello well i love ice tea, country music, and love traveling hbu?	i am a fan of bluegrass personally . i even play	that is cool, my friends and i love to relax to bluegrass	i get to travel too when i am competing	what do you compete in? i compete in swimming	i am a skateboarder for a living . i got into it while working at hollister	that is cool, do you live in the states?	i do . i am from cali . you?	i live in toronto canada	cool . how is it? is it cold?	super cold! cali sounds nice about right now!	it is scorching . the state is experiencing a major drought and an onslaught of fires
rep-1309	hi how are you today	i am fine what about you ?	hi how are you today	i am fine what about you ?	pretty good are you married ?	no i am not married . i loved a guy for 4 years and he let me
rep-1310	hello , are u a fun of politics ?	yes , i am going to school right now . are you in school ?	hello , are u a fun of politics ?	yes , i am going to school right now . are you in school ?	yes and i want to be a student leader .	that is cool , i only have two more years left . you ?	i also have the same time left for me to be in school	nice , i am studying law . how about you ?	what are your plans after school ? i study accounting .	i do not know i just want success . that is cool . any siblings ?	yes . i have a young sister who is 10 years old	i am an only child . that must be fun .
rep-1311	is there anything better than a cold drink after a long day?	it depends . personally, my favorite way to relax is to scroll through some clothes catalogs.
rep-1312	hello, how are you doing today?	i am doing great . just having a few slices of bacon for breakfast . you?	hello, how are you doing today?	i am doing great . just having a few slices of bacon for breakfast . you?	i am working on a paper for class . pulled an all nighter .	i did a lot of those when i was in school learning to be an engineer	engineer? nice . i am going for biology.
rep-1313	good afternoon how are you	good evening here . lol . good how are you	good afternoon how are you	good evening here . lol . good how are you	i am great i am usually crabby	sorry that must suck . i recently got a new cat that cheers me up
rep-1314	he;; o . how are you this day
rep-1315	hello! how was your day?	hi i am joanna and i just graduated from usc . how are you?	hello! how was your day?
rep-1316	hey, nice to meet you . what are you hobbies?	hello, how are you today? i fight for environmental rights .	hey, nice to meet you . what are you hobbies?	hello, how are you today? i fight for environmental rights .	oh cool . i am well . i grew up on a horse ranch . still there .	that sounds neat . i actually work selling homes . so you ranch?	yes . i love taking care of my horses .	my kids would love to see your horses .	well you are welcome to visit .	thank you . are you considering college?	oh i already went . this place makes me exercise every day .	i bet it does! working in real estate is not much exercise .	arming is handful but i do get to cook with stuff from my backyard .	oh i love natural raised foods .	my ranch is big and i can listen to john denver there while i work.
rep-1317	hi how are you today	hi . i am good . i am from new york city . where do you live?	hi how are you today	hi . i am good . i am from new york city . where do you live?	i live with my parents . do you work?	yeah . modeling . keeps me single . i travel too much . how about you?	i am a nurse which also keeps me single too	that is an important job . stressful though . what do you do in your spare time?	i ride my bike around mostly	healthy hobby . i practice acting, hoping to some day get my big break.
rep-1318	hi there how are you doing ?	hey how is it going ?	hi there how are you doing ?	hey how is it going ?	good just relaxing i was actually physically active today and i hate it	you do not like to move around	not really i mostly enjoy long walks to the fridge lol	i like that too you drink ?	yea here and there but not all the time	i have scotch to chill out at night	nice i like a lil of everything
rep-1319	hey there how are you today ?	i am good . you ? what do you do for a living ?	hey there how are you today ?	i am good . you ? what do you do for a living ?	i am in the stock market industry	i used to by a geology teacher . now , i go arctic exploring . ice is interesting .	how about yourself ? i miss my old folks .	i am in search for lost explorers . i want to help them to go home .	really ? where are you looking at ?	north pole . it is where i learn to ice fish and hunt polar bears to eat .
rep-1320	hey there how are you doing today?	am am fine thanks you	hey there how are you doing today?	am am fine thanks you	i am good, just getting off work	ok how was work good i hope	it was good, sitting at a computer all day is hard . you have a job?	yes do care giver not too bad	what do you like to do for fun?	i like to go fishing	that is fun . i like to watch the news and read . a lot	that great i watch some new all so	which station do you watch?	the best station for me is 9 columbia
rep-1321	hello , how are you doing ?	doing great watching a little sports on tv	hello , how are you doing ?	doing great watching a little sports on tv	very cool , i used to watch soccer when i traveled abroad	i enjoy watching soccer a lot . i played some sports in high school .	i used to play in kindergarten , i met my best friend in kindergarten	what do you like to do in your spare moments ?	i enjoy advertising , i got a job working in it last year
rep-1322	hello how are you?	good . just got done volunteering for the animal shelter . you?	hello how are you?	good . just got done volunteering for the animal shelter . you?	i am currently watching the news i watch it every night	my parents taught and they always use to make me watch . so boring
rep-1323	hello . how are you tonight? long day of advertising .	advertising? that sounds easy . i am a social worker dealing with at risk youth .	hello . how are you tonight? long day of advertising .	advertising? that sounds easy . i am a social worker dealing with at risk youth .	so you do something good . i travel abroad a lot and advertise the underground city night life .	that sounds cool . these kids drive me nuts .	it is an odd job for a jewish north dakota boy to do, but yes cool .	wow! jewish people live in north dakota! what else do you do?	right? haha . i play bass in a metal band . how about you? hobbies?	oh cool! i sing in a choir! i also play softball
rep-1324	hello , how are you today ?	hi . i am fine . my parents would be mad if they knew i was up .	hello , how are you today ?	hi . i am fine . my parents would be mad if they knew i was up .	that is funny , do you read drama like me ?	i do not read much , but i do listen to pink floyd .	i like them almost as much as video games	i love video games ! what 14 year old does not ? what do you do ?	i an a doctor for animals	i really like dogs . not cats . allergies .	i hate allergies they are the worst .	when i am an actor i will be able to afford better medicine .	yeah , medicine is so darn expensive	not as expensive as gender reassignment surgery . not old enough to do that , yet .
rep-1325	hello how are you today?	oh ok . had better days	hello how are you today?	oh ok . had better days	oh no tell me whats wrong	i cant stand my job . well actually the people there .	i drive a forklift in a plant with a bunch of kids so i know	that sounds pretty cool . i clean kennels at the animal shelter .	that is cool do you lift weight? i love to work out	no they are too heavy . i run with my cat to stay fit.
rep-1326	hello! how are you today?	i am okay . missing home today . i am part of the army . currently in south korea	hello! how are you today?	i am okay . missing home today . i am part of the army . currently in south korea	oh it is hard to be so far from home .	yes, for only 21, its hard to be away long	how long have you been in the military?	a year now . so where are you from?	i am from tampa, but i live in seattle now .	i see . i am from puerto rico	that sounds great . it seems like a great tropical place .	it is . you should visit there some time
rep-1327	hey how are you doing this evening ?	i am good , a little sleepy how about you ? oh i am sneezing too .	hey how are you doing this evening ?	i am good , a little sleepy how about you ? oh i am sneezing too .	goodness , hope you feel better , i am tired having travelled home from my brothers wedding	i have been going to bed early and getting up early and i feel better now	that is fantastic . how do you unwind after a long day and fall asleep early ?	i home school my son so i am always busy and always tired . i make myself relax	oh wow that is a challenge . i am sure it comes with great rewards though as well .	a cat had kittens in my garage but i am allergic so i am sneezing a lot today	i recently adopted one . named her arizona after my home state	the allergy meds will knock me out so i can sleep but i need to paint
rep-1328	hey i am brian hows it going	it is going well , how about you	hey i am brian hows it going	it is going well , how about you	i am great just a little bit tired	have a stressful day ? i run to relieve that .	kinda my baby been fussy lately she is teething	i suggest playing her some ed sheeran .	lol i do not think that is gonna stop her teeth from hurting	probably not but may soothe your nerves , what do you for a living .
rep-1329	hi how are you today
rep-1330	its fall! finally time for the snow to come!!	i am from australia so i lobe a good snowfall	its fall! finally time for the snow to come!!	i am from australia so i lobe a good snowfall	i love australia . i went there to see metallica once!!	cool but i live in the usa . what city are you in?	i am was born in wisconsin but moved at 17 to oklahoma	i am in miami, i love america	its incredible right? i am a manger consultant so growing this country is awesome	your job sound s interesting
rep-1331	drink more water . tracy here . nice to meet you .	i drink water when i hike . my name is suzie .	drink more water . tracy here . nice to meet you .	i drink water when i hike . my name is suzie .	great! hi sus . i love my three children and my cat named grace . you?	i have two boys, blake and wesley .	get out! my huband name is wesley blake . he work nights .	what a coincidence! i am an accountant during the day .	get out! i work during the day too! i hate my weight .	you should take up hiking . it is beautiful in the country in ohio .	no not the kid! i am scared of heights . cats are my friends though .	yeah, walking is pretty easy though . i like being in nature.
rep-1332	hi . my name is lottie . i am a real estate agent . what do you do?	hi, you like purple? i love it . tracy here and i love pizza . you?	hi . my name is lottie . i am a real estate agent . what do you do?	hi, you like purple? i love it . tracy here and i love pizza . you?	my passion is preserving the environment . i sell houses for money, though .	good for you! i am a rn . catholic and love one tree hill .	i have two children and i tend to be drawn to agnosticism .	great! i see many things at the hospital i work . real estate business good?	business is good for now . but the duck in office might change that.
rep-1333	hey there how are you? it was beautiful saturday my friend got married!	i am doing great! i am just currently exploring with my sea creature friends!	hey there how are you? it was beautiful saturday my friend got married!
rep-1334	hi there . how are you tonight?	good . is english your native tongue? it is mine .	hi there . how are you tonight?	good . is english your native tongue? it is mine .	yes it is . what do you do for work? i am employed at a research facility .	i work as an engineer, but i cannot stand any bugs that i find while working.
rep-1335	hi , i was a geology teacher awhile ago , please tell me something interesting about you	hey there what you up too	hi , i was a geology teacher awhile ago , please tell me something interesting about you	hey there what you up too	nothing much , i just got done finishing arctic exploring , ice fishing and stuff	cool , my mom had a hard job as a army nurse
rep-1336	good morning, how are you today?	i am fine thank you how is your day going?	good morning, how are you today?	i am fine thank you how is your day going?	very well . just got my kid sister to school, now on to the gym .	that is nice of you do you work out often or in your spare time?	i am a body builder, and a blogger . what do you do?	i am a stay at home mom	nothing wrong with that . kids are draining.
rep-1337	hi ! i am watching morning news with my beloved husband . you ?	i am getting ready for work . i am a nurse .	hi ! i am watching morning news with my beloved husband . you ?	i am getting ready for work . i am a nurse .	what a great profession . you would probably tell me to work out more !	ha ha . i try not to preach . do you collect anything ? i collect bears .	i collect my favorite movies . bears are cute !
rep-1338	hello how are you today	not too bad, eating a ribeye at the moment	hello how are you today	not too bad, eating a ribeye at the moment	sounds good, i love steak	i love it almost as much as the sound system i have in my truck	yeah its great i go to the gym 3 times a week	i prefer hiking and camping, cardio at the gym is so boring	i have a lot of free time being single and living alone	you should get into healthcare like my mom, lots of nice ladies	i work in labor at the hospital .	what?! how are you single, you should eat more meat lad .	busy schedule its hard to find the time . i also enjoy my freedom	cannot blame you there . i know the feeling every time i take a camping trip
rep-1339	hey there how are you today? i hate dogs i run everytime	i am good . just watching the office .	hey there how are you today? i hate dogs i run everytime	i am good . just watching the office .	like to eat? i love to cook .	i am eating a carrot, i do not eat anything sweet .	that is cool i want too	tell me something about yourself.
rep-1340	hello how are you doing?	swimmingly . how are you?	hello how are you doing?	swimmingly . how are you?	great thanks . i like to go hunting for polar bears	polar bears? are those like, mythical creatures who cannot swim and live above?	haha i hunt them to eat	oh no! do you hunt mer people also??	a few years ago i was a geology teacher hence i am fascinated by ice .	geology? is that rocks or something? i hide behind those sometimes .	my ex boyfriend taught me how to ice fish . you hide behind rocks? that is nice	oh no . please tell me where he fishes so i can stay away!!	do not be afraid . polar bears is good for eating	my sister got stuck in a fishing net once!	my desire is to search and find arctic explorers	a human explorer? we brought one home once . he died though .	that is sad . i want to find lost explorers then head home .	so you are a human hunter and explorer who studies rocks?
rep-1341	hello, how are you this evening?	i am good just getting back from work	hello, how are you this evening?
rep-1342	good evening . how are you?	having a quiet evening at home with my cats . how are you?	good evening . how are you?	having a quiet evening at home with my cats . how are you?	doing the same . listening to some country music .	i love country music! the stories always give me ideas for writing .	i knit hats for infants at the hospital so i play country music a lot .	sounds like a very cozy life . do you like restaurants?	i do . i am vegan so its hard to order . i love cooking at home tho .	there are no vegan restaurants on the island where i live .	where do you live at?	a small island almost no one has heard of
rep-1343	there are four people in my family . how about yours?	just two right now and a siamese cat .	there are four people in my family . how about yours?
rep-1344	hello i am alison . what is your name ?	judy . what do you like about sundays ? football watching is what i like !	hello i am alison . what is your name ?	judy . what do you like about sundays ? football watching is what i like !	on sundays i like to paint	what is your favorite food ? cheese pizza is mine .	i like pizza too , although not my favorite , i like italian food	do you have any pets ? i have three . all dogs . i love them !	i have 2 horses . what type of dogs do you have ?	wow expensive . i have a yorkie , maltese and a mix breed .	how cute , i love little dogs . what are they called ?	christmas , joy and jingle . i love christmas ! my favorite holiday . how about you ?	ha ha , yes christmas is great	how do you feel about halloween ? i like it as well . it is fun !	i do not like halloween , too scary	it can be ! especially the movies that come out . i love some though .
rep-1345	i just found out my friend is getting married . i do not know if that is good or bad	that is great! family is awesome . mine lives down the street from me .	i just found out my friend is getting married . i do not know if that is good or bad	that is great! family is awesome . mine lives down the street from me .	i was just at my other friends wedding last week but not me, i am single	are you conservative? i am .	all of my family is an hour away . i moved for a better job in sales	hopefully the pay is worth it! do you like ford or chevy? my truck is a ford.
rep-1346	hello . how are you tonight ? i am just doing a bit of web design .	i am good , just lifting weights	hello . how are you tonight ? i am just doing a bit of web design .
rep-1347	hi there , how are you tonight ?	i am tired was a long day at the office . how about you ?
rep-1348	good morning, it is beautiful today . do you swim to school?	good morning to you! no, i ice skate to college .	good morning, it is beautiful today . do you swim to school?	good morning to you! no, i ice skate to college .	i could not do that, i have a tail and live in a coral reef .	fun! we must live in totally different climates . i have been out fishing all day .	the fish and other sea creatures are friends of mine .	i mostly use the animals for food . polar bears taste really good and are fun to hunt .	what are polar bears? i have never heard of them . i swim with the penguins .	a big white bear that eats meat . wow penguins! we have those around here .	i am in school most of the day, i will ask neptune about them .	if you ever have a question about rocks, i am your person . i used to teach .	i know mainly about shells and the creatures that inhabit them .	i will learn about that one day . i am more interested in ice currently.
rep-1349	hello ! i hope you have heard of the band rush	yes . i listen to them as i recover from surgery .	hello ! i hope you have heard of the band rush	yes . i listen to them as i recover from surgery .	neil peart is an incredible drummer . i listen to them while i do graphic design	cool . he is . like me , he eats sardines for breakfast daily .	that is a tough item to swallow first thing in the morning .	yeah , i have to because i never finished hogh school .	well that is something to learn from . maybe get a job in sales like me	maybe , only if i can play frisbee with my two large dogs .	are their names bruce and willis	that is amazing . how did you guess ?	us omnivores just know a thing or two about bruce willis
rep-1350	hello, how are you today?	i am well just studying for class	hello, how are you today?	i am well just studying for class	what are you studying? i just completed school to be a rn .	i am working on my law degree	oh wow! that is a lot . how much school do you have left?	about two more years how about you	i am done! all i have to do is find a nursing job . i am so excited!	you have any brothers or sister?	i have one sister, but i like to think of her as my best friend . you?	no siblings i wish i had a brother or sister	it is great . we do everything together . shopping with her is the best!	very nice i just focus on my studies at this point	you do not have a boyfriend girlfriend do you? not me . do not need that distraction!	i am single since i am super busy with school
rep-1351	hey . want to chat? i am just listening to my favorite music, nirvana .	i was just reading a biography . i love those.
rep-1352	hi, what did you do today?	hey! a bunch of consulting for a large food service provider you?	hi, what did you do today?	hey! a bunch of consulting for a large food service provider you?	i am a nurse, my mom is also a nurse, an army nurse	oh wow i bet that is exciting .	not really, the only exciting thing about my life recently is i got a stray cat
rep-1353	hello , how are you ? hold old are you ? i am 34 .	oh hey , i am a 5 foot , 35 year old woman who has a dog , pedro .
rep-1354	hello, how are you today?	a little upset, listening to some pop punk to cheer me up.
rep-1355	hi there how are you doing?	i am good, thanks! and you?	hi there how are you doing?	i am good, thanks! and you?	feeling pretty well . have a gig to get ready for shortly	you performing there or going as audience member?	performing, it is a secondary lead part i want . as long as i am not singing	aww, all the best to you! i just finished baking a cake for my kids and hubby .	hot dam send me some too! do you like surfing or skating?	sending you a slice! i do not like either . i enjoy reading .	that is too slow for my taste	you could always read really fast!!	lol have to have that ability first .	blink three times and it becomes your superpower! what do you like cooking?	i am a actor model i do not cook and what i do i burn lol	i burn rice often! it is cool that you act and model.
rep-1356	i think i pulled a muscle on a hike . ever done that ?	yes , i have . on a hike for my homeschool biology class , to a waterfall .	i think i pulled a muscle on a hike . ever done that ?	yes , i have . on a hike for my homeschool biology class , to a waterfall .	that sounds amazing , do you hike a lot ?	when i can , i live in northern cali .	no way , i follow some rappers in cali ! do you like rap ?	i do , tupac is my favorite artist . i am building a robot that looks like him .	a robot ? are you an engineer ?	no , lol . only a teen girl with blue hair who loves cosplay .	i could never cosplay . it is so cool , though	it truly is . we do a lot of things like that in my homeschool group .	tell me more about your homeschooling ! i am getting a degree in education	very nice ! i want to be a biologist . where do you go to school ?	just a local college . close to home and all my friends . you ?
rep-1357	hello, what are you up to?	nothing much, just stressed about the semester . you?	hello, what are you up to?	nothing much, just stressed about the semester . you?	i have just been toying around with a new invention . automated bacon fryer!	bacon fryer . hasn t that already been done tho?	not like this one! it takes the bacon right from the fridge!	ah! what s your day job again? lol!	i work at an engineering firm . what are you studying this semester?	tort, constitution law, liability, and legal research	wow! do you have much longer till you graduate?	2 more years . but i m thinking about human rights work.
rep-1358	how are you doing today	i am great ! i am sarah ! how are you today ?	how are you doing today	i am great ! i am sarah ! how are you today ?	i am great listening to john denver	that sounds like fun . i am researching for my next trip .	where are you going to	going back to asia , just can not decide the destination . any hobbies ? i love travel .	what is it like ther	i love the culture . its very rich and diverse . i spent half of college there .	what did you do in college	i studied anthropology and world religion .	that sounds interesting . what did you do with it	i work for a group that proves the validity of the jewish faith .	that sounds new and interesting	what kind of job do you have ?	i like to do chores on the farm
rep-1359	hi , i was a geology teacher awhile ago , please tell me something interesting about you	hey there what you up too	hi , i was a geology teacher awhile ago , please tell me something interesting about you	hey there what you up too	nothing much , i just got done finishing arctic exploring , ice fishing and stuff
rep-1360	hi , tell me about yourself .	i have a pet turtle that i love ! his name is timothy	hi , tell me about yourself .	i have a pet turtle that i love ! his name is timothy	that is cool . i like fantasy videogames . do you play any ?	not really . i like hanging out with people in person	ah . well i am pretty shy so i do not go out with people much .	i understand . i love autumn , how about you ?	yeah , i am from the south so its nice when it cools off for a while .	definitely . my parents went away to bora bora for a while .	oh cool ! my mom is a doctor so my parents travel a lot .
rep-1361	hello! are you listening to music this morning? i love country	no but i am eating eggplant parmigiana!	hello! are you listening to music this morning? i love country	no but i am eating eggplant parmigiana!	you like italian food? i have to get iced tea anytime i go to a restaurant	i love it the best! even my dog charlie loves it!	i had a dog named charlie when i was 10 . that was 10 years ago	cool do you have any brothers or sisters? i have both .	yes they are younger and still live at home	do you live with your parents as well?	no since i got my first job coding and designing websites i moved out	i am in the stocks myself .	interesting . can you listen to music at work? like country?
rep-1362	hey there . . how are you doing today?
rep-1363	hello, how are you tonight? are you a gamer like me?	i am good . you? i am more of a writer .	hello, how are you tonight? are you a gamer like me?	i am good . you? i am more of a writer .	i write a lot at work, so i have other interests .	writing is my work, so i cant get out of it if i tried	i am in computer science, so i build spaceships .	that is awesome!! i worked at a carnival once upon a time .	did you work with the elephants?	no, i worked at the ferris wheel .	those are fun, not as fun as the coasters .	agreed . they do not have dogs, which i am terrified of .	oh no . that is horrible, i love dogs	i had a rough experience with one . a poodle .	those are horrible dogs anyway .	they are . you like scotch?	i do not . i do not drink .	i like to drink it to relax
rep-1364	hi there how are you doing ?	i am good , thanks ! and you ?	hi there how are you doing ?	i am good , thanks ! and you ?	feeling pretty well . have a gig to get ready for shortly	you performing there or going as audience member ?	performing , it is a secondary lead part i want . as long as i am not singing	aww , all the best to you ! i just finished baking a cake for my kids and hubby .	hot dam send me some too ! do you like surfing or skating ?	sending you a slice ! i do not like either . i enjoy reading .	that is too slow for my taste	you could always read really fast ! !	lol have to have that ability first .
rep-1365	hi there, how are you tonight?	i am tired was a long day at the office . how about you?	hi there, how are you tonight?	i am tired was a long day at the office . how about you?	me too . been studying for class .	what class are you studying for?	i am going to school to be a lawyer .	oh i bet that is a lot of studying . do you listen to music when you study?	not usually . my dog max does not care for music .	oh i enjoy listening to oldies music when i am working at my desk all day.
rep-1366	hello hope you are enjoying your autumn so far	hello how are you? i currently go to college what about you?	hello hope you are enjoying your autumn so far	hello how are you? i currently go to college what about you?	i went to college long ago in bora bora	that is so cool . are you single? my girl resides with me.
rep-1367	hi . how is it going ? my name is carson	hey there how are you ?	hi . how is it going ? my name is carson	hey there how are you ?	good . just got home from playing frisbee at the park . what have you been doing today ?	hi carson , got any kids ? i do 3 all girls	no , but i do have two great danes . not that that compares to children .	it does not , when was you born ?	i am an 80s baby . 1982 . what about you ?	i was born later in 87	that is cool . i feel much older .	my mom was a firefighter an my dad a teacher
rep-1368	hello , how are you today ?	hi , i m fine thanks , you ?	hello , how are you today ?	hi , i m fine thanks , you ?	pretty good . i am here with my fellow soldiers .	good , i love the army .	i joined the army right after high school .	i m old so i can t join them now , hope to retire soon	what kind of work do you do ?	accountant . sitting down hurts my left leg	sorry to hear that . are you in physical therapy ?	no . i ll ride some horses when it hurts , it helps .	there are a lot of soldiers who are into working out .	yes , but i don t tell this to many people , i usually keep it to myself	i am an angry person , so that sometimes drives them away .	do you have facial hair ? i love it when it grows	no , i have short hair . they are strict about how our hair must be .
rep-1369	hello, how are you feeling today?	hello i am feeling alright how about yourself?	hello, how are you feeling today?	hello i am feeling alright how about yourself?	good, i am just coding web designs, something i very much enjoy.
rep-1370	hi, how are you?	i am doing good . listening to some john denver .	hi, how are you?	i am doing good . listening to some john denver .	awesome! i am a huge music fan . taylor swift is my absolute favorite singer	oh . what do you like to do?	what do you like to do in your spare time?
rep-1371	hey , do you want to see a photo of my fur babies ?	are they horses ? i love horses .	hey , do you want to see a photo of my fur babies ?
rep-1372	hi, do you want to be friends?	sure! can always use more friends . tell me about you	hi, do you want to be friends?	sure! can always use more friends . tell me about you	well i am a secretary now, but i am looking for better work
rep-1373	hey what are your interests?	i love the mall, shopping is my hobby . do you have any?	hey what are your interests?	i love the mall, shopping is my hobby . do you have any?	yes i love concerts and singing	really? me too, are you in a relationship? i am not as of yet .	what did you pick up at the mall? my life left years ago
rep-1374	hi , do you know how to sew or nit ? i enjoy making my clothing by myself	hi ! no , but 2 of my 3 sisters do know how .	hi , do you know how to sew or nit ? i enjoy making my clothing by myself	hi ! no , but 2 of my 3 sisters do know how .	i recently went on a walk and saw how dirty my environment is , this concerns me .	i contribute to the dirtiness . i party a lot when my band is not playing a gig .	nice , i am more reserved , i just found a stray cat and adopted it	that is sweet . my band is popular . i am the lead singer in it .	nice , what kind of music ?	rock . i like to be pumped up all the time .	i mostly like folk songs , my mother does not approve of rock	i have to make it big . i did not finish high school .	just join the army ? they make good money , my mom is an army nurse	i would rather make it big in music . it has always been my dream .	if it is folk music then i will listen to your music then	maybe we can add folk music one day for you .	i am sure we can , why not ?	that would be awesome . i am always wanting more fans .
rep-1375	i just found out my friend is getting married . i do not know if that is good or bad	that is great! family is awesome . mine lives down the street from me .	i just found out my friend is getting married . i do not know if that is good or bad	that is great! family is awesome . mine lives down the street from me .	i was just at my other friends wedding last week but not me, i am single	are you conservative? i am .	all of my family is an hour away . i moved for a better job in sales	hopefully the pay is worth it! do you like ford or chevy? my truck is a ford .	conservative is just one of those words used by the media . its all the same
rep-1376	hello how are you ?	good . just got done volunteering for the animal shelter . you ?	hello how are you ?	good . just got done volunteering for the animal shelter . you ?	i am currently watching the news i watch it every night	my parents taught and they always use to make me watch . so boring	i think it is good to know what is going on	i would rather hike the mountains near my house and watch the wildlife .	oh i do not go out much i am more of a nerd	what do you like to do ? i love to listen to barry manila	well i work with computers and then read every spare min i have	what are you currently reading ? i like to read about animals	i am reading some books about the hillary clinton since i vote democrat	interesting . i would vote if barry manila was running !	always vote the barry lol , how is your night going ?	good , currently cuddling with my five animals . you ?	just getting ready for bed , what kind of animals ?	i have two dogs and three cats . its a mad house
rep-1377	hello, what is the best hotel in your town?	do not know hotels here howdy how are you doing i am fine	hello, what is the best hotel in your town?	do not know hotels here howdy how are you doing i am fine	okay, which place can be good for a couple in this town?	i am not married to my boyfriend no kids from him .	why are you still new lovers?	i am disabled and i stay home to much no new lovers not old either .	did you get an accident or since your birth you were disabled?	my dad passed away while i was still young miss him .	sorry . do you have your mum?	no i worked for some time and then i became disabled but i am okay .	you mean you lost both parents?	yes she lives in florida and i am in new jersey .	good and do you know about jesus?	no my mom is living i am scared of spiders including snakes are you?	they do drive the fear out of me like you my friend.
rep-1378	hello! how are you today?	i am okay . missing home today . i am part of the army . currently in south korea	hello! how are you today?	i am okay . missing home today . i am part of the army . currently in south korea	oh it is hard to be so far from home .	yes, for only 21, its hard to be away long	how long have you been in the military?
rep-1379	hello , how are you tonight ?	hi , i am doing great , how are you doing ?	hello , how are you tonight ?	hi , i am doing great , how are you doing ?	i am doing wonderfully , just came back from the zoo .	how was the zoo and the animals ?	it was amazing , i bought a new bear to add to my collection .
rep-1380	hey there how are you?	i write books, cookbooks about diet	hey there how are you?	i write books, cookbooks about diet	i am always tired but i am a old man	i am fine, i also have a dieting business that is growing .	what is the name of it? i got 1 leg only
rep-1381	hi how are you doing	hi . i am doing well . how about you?	hi how are you doing	hi . i am doing well . how about you?	pretty good where do you work?	i am self employed . a free lance writer.
rep-1382	hi , i am an rn and my dog is pedro .	hi i blog about rabbit rescues and compete as a body builder .	hi , i am an rn and my dog is pedro .	hi i blog about rabbit rescues and compete as a body builder .	you have any pets ? i can make , cook and eat muffins all day . you sing ?	no cooking i live with my little sister , also i do not sing but love tim mcgraw .	wow ! i stand five feet , single and sell stuff online .	that is awesome i buy many things online , mostly of my idol theodore roosevelt .	get out ! mine too ! i have the best recipe for rabbit gumbo . i am an author .	what type of books do you write ?	cookbooks ! and thank you for asking . i love pedro but he is getting old .	i am sorry to hear that , pets are the best .	true . you want that rabbit gumbo recipe ?	no , i ran a rabbit rescue blog . i would not be able to eat it .	oh okay . what line of work are you in ? hmmm , wild rabbit muffins ?	i just body build mostly . how do you like being an rn ?
rep-1383	hi there how are you doing ?	hi ! i am doing well . how about you ?	hi there how are you doing ?	hi ! i am doing well . how about you ?	great here . just enjoying the quiet afternoon	i am listening to rap music	oh that music gives me headaches i like my oldies .	i go to the gym a lot	that is a healthy hobby . i can not do much gym any more	walking can be good exercise	i do do that . walk my granddaughter to school everyday	oh spending time with your granddaughter must be great . how old is she ?	6 and more energy than any girl should have	i am sure , but she must be a lot of fun .	oh yes . i love making her quilts	quilting is a great hobby very artistic
rep-1384	hello , i love being at home where i can watch tv , which i love .	hello . i live in an apartment . it is a low income residence .	hello , i love being at home where i can watch tv , which i love .	hello . i live in an apartment . it is a low income residence .	do you live alone ? i live with my husband whom i love very much .	yes i live alone because i do not want pets . i do not care for animals .	animals are a lot of work , and i do not like physical activity , or exercise .
rep-1385	hello, how are you tonight?	i am ok considering recovering from surgery yesterday . how are you?	hello, how are you tonight?	i am ok considering recovering from surgery yesterday . how are you?
rep-1386	hi ! how are you ? do you have any hobbies ?	hi . yeah , i guess . i love going to the theater for movies .	hi ! how are you ? do you have any hobbies ?	hi . yeah , i guess . i love going to the theater for movies .	that is cool ! do you have a favorite movie ?
rep-1387	hi there , i am jordan and a vet	hi jordan . that is my brothers name . he just got married	hi there , i am jordan and a vet	hi jordan . that is my brothers name . he just got married	that is nice where are you from	i was born in arizona so that is what i named my cat . you ?	i am from california but i moved to florida a year ago	do you like it ?	yeah everything but the snakes	i like to play the game snakes and ladders but nothing else about snakes is good	i like snakes , i have one just not venomous ones	i read a biography once about a snake charmer . interesting	well what do you do for fun	i play monopoly or risk or any board game really	i play video games a lot	i never really got into them but i like reading too . do you read ?	yes ! i love drama books and horror ones
rep-1388	i am drunk on scotch right now, you?	i cannot afford alcohol . i can barely afford to pay my other bills each month .	i am drunk on scotch right now, you?	i cannot afford alcohol . i can barely afford to pay my other bills each month .	i use to work at the local carnival, i can understand a tight budget	i work as a kindergarten teacher . i love kids!	kids are over rated, i like cats	i see . did you graduate college? i just did two years ago .	i did, school for superheros	that is awesome! where is that? i live in seattle .	monkey shoulder virginia where they produce superhero movies the evil ones	i have not heard of that town . i share an apartment with 2 roommates .	sounds like you could use some scotch	i could! i just wish i could afford it .	what are you afraid of?	i am afraid of not being able to pay my bills.
rep-1389	hey how are you today	hello , my leg is really giving me pain today .	hey how are you today	hello , my leg is really giving me pain today .	i am sorry hope you feel better soon .	thank you . what are you doing ?	getting ready to take my wife and kids to dinner	i am just about to cook dinner ; what will you order ?	i think my youngest son said he wanted pizza	i like pizza . do you let your son make the decisions ?
rep-1390	hello, do you like softball and italian food?	i do, i really love to drive my mustang convertible to an italian restaurant .	hello, do you like softball and italian food?	i do, i really love to drive my mustang convertible to an italian restaurant .	i go eat when i am finished with taekwondo	oh, i like fitness too, but i am a big person . but it does not stop me .	nor should it! my husband is a big guy too . he is off on a softball tourney .	being married is wonderful . do you have children? i adore mine .	no, i do not . i mentor at risk youth though .	that is an important job . my job is a kindergarten teacher, so i can relate .	it sure is . i would not trade it for the world .	i agree . in order to balance life, i live by the sea and swim daily .	i love the sea, and am hoping to move to it soon.
rep-1391	hey . how are you? tell me something about you?	hi, here is not much to me other than i like to stay at home	hey . how are you? tell me something about you?	hi, here is not much to me other than i like to stay at home	as a homeschooled student, i am home as well .	yeah, i do not really like to do anything but sit down and watch tv	one of my interests in engineering . i built my best friend .	that is nice . i do not like any kind of physical activity	you should get out more . being sedentary leads to obesity	i tried but i do not like exercising .	where are you from? i find location may be the reason you are a home body.
rep-1392	good morning, it is beautiful today . do you swim to school?	good morning to you! no, i ice skate to college .	good morning, it is beautiful today . do you swim to school?	good morning to you! no, i ice skate to college .	i could not do that, i have a tail and live in a coral reef .	fun! we must live in totally different climates . i have been out fishing all day .	the fish and other sea creatures are friends of mine .	i mostly use the animals for food . polar bears taste really good and are fun to hunt .	what are polar bears? i have never heard of them . i swim with the penguins .	a big white bear that eats meat . wow penguins! we have those around here .	i am in school most of the day, i will ask neptune about them.
rep-1393	hi ! i love to party and jam to metallica . what are your hobbies ?	i enjoy spending time with my 3 girls not my ex though	hi ! i love to party and jam to metallica . what are your hobbies ?	i enjoy spending time with my 3 girls not my ex though	exes are bummers . i hang with my two brothers mostly . where did you grow up ?	i grew up in the last was . not sure what that means but it is true	sounds interesting , ha ! i come from wisconsin , lots of snow and cold for me ! i love it .	brr ! what do your parents do ? my dad was a firefighter and mom was a teacher
rep-1394	hello , how are you doing this afternoon ?	i am doing great , how are you ?	hello , how are you doing this afternoon ?	i am doing great , how are you ?	i am well , thank you ! i am listening to oldies . i love this genre .	i am a metallica fan , myself . ready for winter ?
rep-1395	i divorced doug , gave up my kids and killed the cat . hi , name is john .	hi john . jessie here . i am from canada . where are you from ?	i divorced doug , gave up my kids and killed the cat . hi , name is john .	hi john . jessie here . i am from canada . where are you from ?	get out ! i make and sell jewelry online . i am from new york . you married ?	just recently to my high school sweetheart . we are both 19 .	hi jessie . you sing ? you married young huh ? any pets ?	oh , i love to sing in the shower country mostly . what music do you like ?	jazz . whats your spouse name jessie ? i am 40 .	oh , my husband alex likes jazz .	i see . i hate to sit still so i dance . you dance jessie ?	no , not really . i only dance if i drink . mostly , i stick to iced tea , though .
rep-1396	hi how are you doing	very good , how are you today ?	hi how are you doing	very good , how are you today ?	i am good just made breakfast	yummy ! i love to cook , but that makes me unhappy about my weight	oh that is too bad you should find some yummy healthy recipes	yes i should , but my three kids like junk food lol	haha of course they do maybe sneak in healthy things in their dinner	it is hard to eat together , since i work days and my husband works overnights	oh wow that sounds like a busy schedule	do you have any pets ? we have cats , which we love	no but i want to get a dog	that would be nice , i love dogs too .	yeah they are really great but can sometimes be a lot of work	yes they can be , do you have any hobbies ?	i like to listen to classical music
rep-1397	hi i am darlene and my family comes from canada .	hello how are you today?	hi i am darlene and my family comes from canada .	hello how are you today?	i am good, i love music especially country, how about you?	i love to wake up before the sun shines .	i am a late sleeper but my favorite drink happens to be iced tea, do you have one?	i love creating kids pop up books .	sounds like a lot of fun, i enjoy web design, the coding part of it .	my town population is only 2000 people .	wow everyone must know each other, i live in a large city .	i am my daughter teacher at homeschooling .	sounds interesting, although i would not have the patience .	i hate cats they make me sneeze	i like cats and dogs but have no pets or kids .	what are your plans for this evening?	i hope to get some coding done while relaxing with my iced tea, you?
rep-1398	i just finished spending time with my children three girls	sweet ! i just finished skating . that is my job , to do tricks on my skateboard .	i just finished spending time with my children three girls	sweet ! i just finished skating . that is my job , to do tricks on my skateboard .	you can teach my three girls to do that because i m separated with my husband	do they like chips ? i cannot be in a house that has chips , hate them .	i m actually late morning and i parents are teachers and firefighters	a firefighter helped remove the tail that i was born with .	so good you still remember	my mom never let me forget .	you have a nice parents then right	well , she died walking into my workplace in high school hollister . my dad is though .
rep-1399	hi , what did you do today ?	hey ! a bunch of consulting for a large food service provider you ?	hi , what did you do today ?	hey ! a bunch of consulting for a large food service provider you ?	i am a nurse , my mom is also a nurse , an army nurse	oh wow i bet that is exciting .	not really , the only exciting thing about my life recently is i got a stray cat	my brother is in the army one of them anyway . you like cats ?	i love cats , i love dressing cats , i made a cat sweater , i love knitting
rep-1400	hi, i was a geology teacher awhile ago, please tell me something interesting about you	hey there what you up too	hi, i was a geology teacher awhile ago, please tell me something interesting about you	hey there what you up too	nothing much, i just got done finishing arctic exploring, ice fishing and stuff	cool, my mom had a hard job as a army nurse	is she still working there?	no thank god, i kind of got a cat it was a stray	is that your passions cat? i like to find long lost arctic explorers	no it is not mine is clothes an singing folk music	well whatever keeps your mind active, i was a geology teacher and it was boring	i bet it is lol	yeah that is why i am in the arctic, i feel super bad	your students were in what grade?	i did not do good, i failed most of my classes and i am dyslexic	why? it is freezing there	yeah and i fight polar bears	i am also so i get it
rep-1401	hi how are you ?	i feel fat today actually	hi how are you ?	i feel fat today actually	how come ? i am making barbecue right now . i love it !	i am just a great cook so eating too much makes me not happy with my weight	what do you cook ? do you exercise ?	we eat cats in my country after the gym . i love them ! so do my three kids .
rep-1402	hello, how are you doing?	so tired . just got off job 1 and off to job 2 soon . you?	hello, how are you doing?	so tired . just got off job 1 and off to job 2 soon . you?	i am reading fashion magazines .	oh, do you like that kind of stuff? models, shoes, fashion?	yeah, i want to learn to make clothes .	like movie costumes and stuff like that?
rep-1403	hey, how are you doing? want some granola?
rep-1404	how are you today? i like you	i am great . just relaxing and knitting some hats for the babies at my old job .	how are you today? i like you	i am great . just relaxing and knitting some hats for the babies at my old job .	where did you use to work?	childrens hospital until i became disabled . what do you do?	i rent out houses to people	that is a great industry . what kind of music do you like?	like people who are handy?	yes . i love to cook and i am looking for someone to build me some cooling racks .	lol, i like classic cars	me too what is your favorite? chevelle? cadillac? oldsmobile?	i get sick on seafood
rep-1405	hey ! i just got back from working at the grocery store .	that is cool ! what do you do there ? i just got home from dance	hey ! i just got back from working at the grocery store .	that is cool ! what do you do there ? i just got home from dance	stocking mostly . after hours the girl in charge blasts taylor swift .	woah ! that is cool . i am cleaning up after my dog ralph .	oh , tell me about cleaning up ! my two horses can make a mess !	i believe that . i am nervous about school with all the race stuff going on .	i hear ya . i am in a big city and it is getting anxious here .	my mom and dad are not here anymore , and being mixed i have questions .	what kind of questions ? about yourself ?	yeah and why people are so mean . i live with my sis , but she ignores it .	well , when i am not burning my spare time painting , i research . you could too .	what do you paint ? and it is not the same .	i paint landscape images mostly .
rep-1406	good evening . vietnam veteran here .	nice . i am in the south korean army .
rep-1407	just got home from the hospital . listening to jazz, my favorite . and you?	i like music to relax . but mostly to read	just got home from the hospital . listening to jazz, my favorite . and you?	i like music to relax . but mostly to read	i like to read! and run after a day of caring for kids .	what do you like to read? i like biographies	mostly medical journals . oh, and vintage cars . i love them .	i like to cook . it is a challenge to cook something my son will eat	between my marriage, my practice and my own 2 kids, i do not cook often.
rep-1408	hi there , i am marcus , how are you today ?	hi the jack here , i am good	hi there , i am marcus , how are you today ?	hi the jack here , i am good	good to hear jack , how is the weather where you are ?	beautiful and sunny nice day for gardening yours ?	i wish i could say , got another 5 hours on this rotation .	oh that sucks i am scared of water but i like to garden ponder that	that is definately interesting . i love everything outdoors and sports . hitting the weights with my brother later .	sounds like a good past time	i like it , better than being in the hospital all day and night .
rep-1409	hey there . how is it going ?	not bad . currently writing my third novel . all about romance .	hey there . how is it going ?	not bad . currently writing my third novel . all about romance .	how long have you been writing for ?	over 20 years . living far away on an island helps me gather thoughts .	i did not graduate from high school , so writing novels seems like a great achievement !	well , i keep to myself alot . not very social . wish i was more outgoing .	my two dogs are my best friends . do you have any pets ?	one dog and two cats . great companions . any children ?	i have one son and one daughter . how about you ?
rep-1410	hi , renee here . i am a beach bum and i have to diet to look good . you ?	i like to cook . i write about it .	hi , renee here . i am a beach bum and i have to diet to look good . you ?	i like to cook . i write about it .	great ! mr . ed is my fave animal . my dad own a toyota store . you sing ?	no i do not . i like theatre though	get out ! me too ! i need a nail tech person . i broke a nail .	do you like to exercise	yes ! i dance alot too . you dance ? i count calories . you ?	i like to run and go to the gym . i have two left feet .
rep-1411	you will never guess who i am .	hehe who are you? did we chat before?	you will never guess who i am.
rep-1412	hey there . how are you ?	hey there . i am fine . what about you ?	hey there . how are you ?	hey there . i am fine . what about you ?	been better . stressful day at work .	do you work on sundays ?	yep . i work fast food . always working on a sunday .	how old are you ? if do not mind to share it .	i am 20 and i have been doing this for 4 years .	you are too young . do you study ?	no . i left high school at 16 to help my family . trying to get my ged soon .	i feel so sorry . you should get it soon .	yeah trying my best but helping my family out of these bad apartments is my main goal .	god help you and make you rich one day .	haha thanks . enough about me . what do you like to do ?
rep-1413	i just found out my friend is getting married . i do not know if that is good or bad	that is great ! family is awesome . mine lives down the street from me .	i just found out my friend is getting married . i do not know if that is good or bad	that is great ! family is awesome . mine lives down the street from me .	i was just at my other friends wedding last week but not me , i am single	are you conservative ? i am .	all of my family is an hour away . i moved for a better job in sales	hopefully the pay is worth it ! do you like ford or chevy ? my truck is a ford .	conservative is just one of those words used by the media . its all the same	i disagree . every sunday i am in church . generally the more conservative are there .	both are good but i want one of the new tesla electric cars .	oh , an electric car would be cool . that would be good for the environment .	i go to church for weddings like my friends last week but i am not religious	i understand . organized religion is not for everyone .	i think they will all be electric soon . electric cars were first before gas	oh really ? i did not know that .	i am a care salesman so i know a lot about all inds of cars
rep-1414	hello i am a real estate agent in canada where are you ?	hi there i teach biology college
rep-1415	hello, i have been busy singing karaoke; what are you doing?	i am good busy with 2 part time jobs	hello, i have been busy singing karaoke; what are you doing?	i am good busy with 2 part time jobs	well, i understand the need for money .	yeah i wannawrite book someday	that sounds like a neat idea . i was in the army and consider telling my stories .	i wannawrite fantasy but for now i will just was lord of the rings	i do not watch much television .	i tend too where i get ideas from	oh for your stories? i understand . well i have plenty to tell .	what are some of yours	well since i was in the army, i have stories of war .	i bet that can be interesting	oh yes, especially since i am cannot be around dogs and worked with them.
rep-1416	hi there, i am jordan and a vet
rep-1417	how are you you tonight? i am working on some crafts as we talk .	nice, is that what you always do after dinner?	how are you you tonight? i am working on some crafts as we talk .	nice, is that what you always do after dinner?	usually . it is preparation for tomorrow . i homeschool my kid .	i spend all most all day in a school with my sea creature friends .	are you a fish? i like fish . i am allergic to most other animals, like cats .	kind of . i have a tail as feet and wavy hair . are you?	oh, so you are a mermaid . we do not have any mermaids in our small town .	you do not live in the sea like me? where do you live?	i live in a small town in ohio .	what do you do there? i explore with my friends after dinner	i just raise my kid and enjoy small town life.
rep-1418	hello . how are you? tell me about yourself .	hello well i love ice tea, country music, and love traveling hbu?
rep-1419	hello ! how was your day ?	hi i am joanna and i just graduated from usc . how are you ?	hello ! how was your day ?	hi i am joanna and i just graduated from usc . how are you ?	i am doing okay , but it was kind of a rough day at work .	my day was great . i was singing all day . i do it professionally	oh , nice ! what type of music do you enjoy the most ?	what kind of work ? i like it all but mostly jazz and rock .	nursing . i have worked on the pediatric ward for many years .	i was born and raised in south carolina but hope to get away soon	where would you like to go ?	anywhere but here . i am stuck on my parents farm	sounds awful . i would have a hard time living with my parents , especially my father .
rep-1420	hey, how is the weather out there?	it is pretty hot but good for working in my garden .	hey, how is the weather out there?	it is pretty hot but good for working in my garden .	do you garden a lot?	yes, it is plenty of food for my family with plenty to give away .	aw, that is so nice . i should garden for my sister	your vegetables will taste better . what kind of work do you do?	i do whatever jobs pay the bills, i have to take care of my sister and me	i work in a pipe factory . it pays well but is dangerous.
rep-1421	hey , do you have any pets	yes i have a hunting dog .	hey , do you have any pets	yes i have a hunting dog .	i have a lot of pets .	oh nice what do you do ?	i mainly just sit and look at mountains ,	ok i can sell you a house on a mountain .	i would like that . for how much ?	depends if you want a remote location with no neighbors or some neighbors .	none . i just want my animal	it be about a million for your house on a mountain	none . i just want my animal	animals over people are sometimes best .	none . i just want my animal	i only dislike shellfish	good thing i have a lot of money
rep-1422	he ; ; o . how are you this day	dogs really scares me , i live in an apartment that i rent	he ; ; o . how are you this day	dogs really scares me , i live in an apartment that i rent	they mess with my allergies . plus i have a military disability .	i am doing good and you ? i am a woman at age 32	i am a motherless lonesome fella . i am 46	sorry to heard that , i am single just to let you know	straight out of school to regular army i have been a bar hopper .	you kinda old , do you like to read books ? i read romance novels
rep-1423	hi there! where are you from?	mississippi . best jazz around! how about you?	hi there! where are you from?	mississippi . best jazz around! how about you?	california! not much jazz around here though!	i was just there for a vintage car show . nice state!	my best friend eve 9000 and i like car shows sometimes!
rep-1424	hi there . how are you	i am good . just got back from a run .	hi there . how are you	i am good . just got back from a run .	sounds fun . i just finished my favorite show one tree hill	do you have any kids?	i have two . boy and a girl	i have two boys, 2 and 4 .	sweet . good ages . mine are 12 and 9 .	what do you do for a living?	i am a registered nurse in the pediatric wing at the hospital here	oh cool! i am actually a pediatrician!	small world! look at us go hah	do you have any hobbies?	eating pizza, and reading tarot cards	i love anything to do with vintage cars.
rep-1425	hello , how are you tonight ? are you a gamer like me ?	i am good . you ? i am more of a writer .	hello , how are you tonight ? are you a gamer like me ?	i am good . you ? i am more of a writer .	i write a lot at work , so i have other interests .
rep-1426	hello . do you like animals?	i love all cute things! babies are on the top of my list now	hello . do you like animals?	i love all cute things! babies are on the top of my list now	i love babies too! right now i have 2 dogs . no cats . i hate them .	right?! i have actually been knitting hats for babies in hospitals for last few years	that is so cool! i am only in middle school but i could do that .	i am a few years older, whats your favorite music? mine is country!	i like rock and pop . i want to be an actor after high school.
rep-1427	hello , how are you tonight ? do you know where edris island is ?	i do not . i work in an animal shelter tho . i am the cleaner there .	hello , how are you tonight ? do you know where edris island is ?	i do not . i work in an animal shelter tho . i am the cleaner there .	that is okay , i have a dog , ralph .	i love dogs . i like them better than humans at times .	same here . my parents passed and it is only my sister and i .	you like music ? simple plan is my fav . band .	my favorite is oomph . have you heard of them ?	no i have not . what genre are they ?
rep-1428	good morning , it is beautiful today . do you swim to school ?	good morning to you ! no , i ice skate to college .	good morning , it is beautiful today . do you swim to school ?	good morning to you ! no , i ice skate to college .	i could not do that , i have a tail and live in a coral reef .	fun ! we must live in totally different climates . i have been out fishing all day .	the fish and other sea creatures are friends of mine .	i mostly use the animals for food . polar bears taste really good and are fun to hunt .	what are polar bears ? i have never heard of them . i swim with the penguins .
rep-1429	hey there how are you today ?	i am great how are you ?	hey there how are you today ?	i am great how are you ?	like bbq ? i love bbq a lot	i do too ! what do you do for a living ? i works as a handyman .
rep-1430	hey there good night	hi there what are you up to	hey there good night	hi there what are you up to	just getting this extra money since i work at kfc	o ok nothing like making a lil extra the good thing in todays day you can	yes so true i am happy about that, like to run?	yea here and there i am more into crafts	that is cool, i dropped out of school
rep-1431	hey there how are you ? what are you doing ?	i am good . just hanging out with my dog max . what are you up to ?	hey there how are you ? what are you doing ?	i am good . just hanging out with my dog max . what are you up to ?	not much dreaming of how successful i can become on here with focus	i struggle with focus . i am always daydreaming about travel and different adventures	i wish my parents had more then me but oh well	we always want the opposite . i moved in with my girlfriend to get away	well i am also still in school	me too . i am a full time student at bacon university .	so are you okay there	i love it . i am taking a class on the history of oreos
rep-1432	hello there, how are you?	hi there! i am well, and you?
rep-1433	hello how are you tonight ?	i am engage to my high school sweetheart .	hello how are you tonight ?	i am engage to my high school sweetheart .	i see a lot of high school sweet hearts being a teacher and all !	you probably seen my doug . he is a sport person on tv .
rep-1434	hi there how are you today ?	i am good , and how are you ?	hi there how are you today ?	i am good , and how are you ?	i am good just relaxing i am currently in south korea serving	i thank you for serving !	thank you where are you from i am from puerto rico	i am just packing to move to nyc !	wow that is awesome where from	i am originally from california though !	o ok well i hope you like it . i could never move there	how come ? i am moving to nyc for modeling !	i tend to be violent person with large crowds	also , i enjoy karaoke , but i am not very good at it !	i like it too with a few shots in me
rep-1435	hello friend . how are you?	doing well . how are you?	hello friend . how are you?	doing well . how are you?	feeling very inspired today actually . where are you from?
rep-1436	hey how are you today	hi ! i am doing well how are you ?	hey how are you today	hi ! i am doing well how are you ?	i am doing great ! just brought my newborn son home .	congratulations ! have you had to take time off work ?	yeah he is our first child so i took off to help adjust with him and our puppy	that is great that you have a job that you can do that !	yeah i really love my boss . what is your favorite movie ?	i love civil war movies . my hobby is collecting civil war antiques .	that is great ! i love titanic i have seen it more than 9 times .	that is a great movie . that was my 2nd husbands favorite	i like to build model cars but want to build a model of the ship	that would be super cool . my 3rd husband loved cars .	are you married now	yes for the 4th time . my first three husbands passed away .
rep-1437	hello how are you ?	i am fine shopping for clothes wyd ?	hello how are you ?	i am fine shopping for clothes wyd ?	what kind of clothes ? i am just playing with ginger my golden retriever	i like jeans an boots	what is your favorite store ? i did not shop at all when i studied abroad	amazon is my favorite store , you cannot go wrong .
rep-1438	hey what is up my man ?	hi . nothing much . just busy with my latest quilting project .	hey what is up my man ?	hi . nothing much . just busy with my latest quilting project .	i really love crafting a lot	me too ! cross stitching is another favorite . what are your hobbies ?	making crafts , haha . i do not have much free time	my dad served in the military , so i quilt blankets for vets . what do you do ?	i homeschool my son . that is it .	that takes a lot of work . nothing wrong with that .	i know , i am fabulous . what do you do ?	mostly spend my retirement years helping americans . baby boomer here .	are you very old ? that is cool	65 . just a kid . keeping up my parents legacy . proud american immigrants	do you have any pets ?
rep-1439	hi have any hobbies i eat oreos to hide my pain	no hobbies , but i too love oreos , although i am dieting right now .	hi have any hobbies i eat oreos to hide my pain	no hobbies , but i too love oreos , although i am dieting right now .	i eat them cause i am in transition	transition ? what do you do for fun ? i like going to the beach .
rep-1440	hi, i live in wine country, wrote a book at home, 17 with blue hair . you?	i am a divorced mom with two kids and my job is an accountant .	hi, i live in wine country, wrote a book at home, 17 with blue hair . you?	i am a divorced mom with two kids and my job is an accountant .	great! you play with your children? i do . california has the best sun .	here in ohio, i take the kids hiking on the weekends .	wow! i am a writer who was homeschooled . my book release is december .	very cool! i need to get my honda civic in the shop for annual service .	yes you should . you like blue hair? i do and have it .	i like blue hair . is it dark blue or light blue?	greenish blue . i am only 17 but i know a lot .	right on . what is your book about?	identity theft . you color your hair? if so what color is it?	my hair color is dirty blonde .	hmmm . very interesting . were you homeschooled? i was . you sing?
rep-1441	hi i am joanna . i sing blues professionally	oh that is cool . i can do your hair before a show . hair stylist here haha	hi i am joanna . i sing blues professionally	oh that is cool . i can do your hair before a show . hair stylist here haha	great ! i do work on my fathers hobby farm in my spare time	oh that sounds like hard work . can i bring all 3 of my dogs to the farm ?	sure ! my mom teaches music . i discovered in her class that i had singing talent	oh wow . i gotta hear you sing one day haha	can you dye hair too ? i was going to dye my hair purple for my next show	yes i do everything . except sunday . that is when i watch football	sunday is when i watch horror films . so that is out for me too .	haha cool cool . i cant wait till christmas . my favorite holiday	my usc former classmates get together at christmas for a jam session . my favourite time too	oh awesome . that must be a good time lol	do you have any hobbies ?	besides styling hair i smoke pot haha
rep-1442	hi, my name is batista . what is yours?	oh, i am just a blue haired teenager . how are you today?	hi, my name is batista . what is yours?	oh, i am just a blue haired teenager . how are you today?	ha ha ok blue hair . i chilling playing my guitar .	guitar is cool . i really like music .	yeah, i love blues, what music do you like?	being homeschooled, i listen to a lot of kinds . it keeps me busy .	homeschooled, huh you must live in the boonies	surprisingly, i am from california . but i hate it .	yeah i got ya, big cities suck big time
rep-1443	hello, what are you up to?	hi, not doing much . recovering my brother wedding was saturday	hello, what are you up to?	hi, not doing much . recovering my brother wedding was saturday	how was it? i am about to eat some steak	it was too much fun! steak sounds good	i just grilled it . what do you do for fun?	i like board games . how about you	camping and hiking are my favorite	i used to go camping in arizona, that is why named my cat arizona	cool name . i do not have any pets	cats are my favorite . just graduated vet school	my mom is in the healthcare field . that is not for me	i like working pets more than people
rep-1444	hello there ! how are you ?	i am doing well . i am taking a break at work i am a factory worker .	hello there ! how are you ?	i am doing well . i am taking a break at work i am a factory worker .	i am playing a video game at the moment . how long is your break ?	about 30 minutes . i like football video games . my favorite team is the buckeyes .	i like playing final fantasy .	i played the two on super nes when i was younger . do you exercise ?	i dance a lot ! that is my exercise !	my friend wants me to go swimming at the gym pool , but i am scared of water .	i would help you if i could , but i am too shy .	the only person that can help me is me . do you have other hobbies ?	you are right . i like programming . i have a degree in computer science . you ?
rep-1445	did you pull your tag on elk this year? i have been spotting up by the wolf ridge .	i actually was not able to get an elk tag this season .	did you pull your tag on elk this year? i have been spotting up by the wolf ridge .	i actually was not able to get an elk tag this season .	what are you going to do instead?	i might go and see metallica with the money instead.
rep-1446	hello, how are you today?	hi . i am fine . my parents would be mad if they knew i was up.
rep-1447	how are you today? i am doing great myself	i am great! it is hot here in south carolina today .	how are you today? i am doing great myself	i am great! it is hot here in south carolina today .	i love south carolina what part are you in?	charleston . i moved here after graduation from usc.
rep-1448	hi there how are you today?	i am super swell, got home from a good day at work	hi there how are you today?	i am super swell, got home from a good day at work	oh what do you do for a living?	i worl at my local petsmart, stocking heavy bags of food	so do you have any pets?	yeah my dog lassie and my cat oliver	i do not have a pet but i do have a kid i think the world of	i am my dads world lol, he is a retired cop	that is cool . i am a kindergarten teacher	is your kid in your class? that would be fun	no not yet she is a little to young	i love to go running, its my favorite passion . i wish i ran for a living
rep-1449	hello , how are you today ?	hello i am doing well . hanging out with my dog pedro	hello , how are you today ?	hello i am doing well . hanging out with my dog pedro	what kind of dog is he ?	he is a yorkie . perfect size for me since i am only five feet tall .	how old is your dog ?	he is five . he likes to eat muffins like me .	do you take him to the dog park ?	yes , there is one at my job at the healthcare industry .	do you like your job ? i am in real estate .	yes . i also like film do you ?	i like movies about history .	so do i . i also like documentaries , do you ?	yes , i like most of them . as long as it is something i am interested in .	same here . anything else you want to share with me ?	sure , i like working on cars .	what kind of cars ? my car needs to get fixed . maybe you can find mine ?
rep-1450	good evening , i am taking a study break , how are you tonight ?	i am well . i just got home from hairdresser school .	good evening , i am taking a study break , how are you tonight ?	i am well . i just got home from hairdresser school .	that is awesome , it is really tough being a two year law student .	try having to cook for two sons after school ! ha ha	i bet that can be challenging , it sounds like success is important to both of us .	yes it is . what do you usually eat for breakfast ?	how long is your program ? i like cream of wheat maple syrup . what about you ?	it is 2 years . i love to eat granola for breakfast , every day .	that is great , i am done two years i have a couple more to go .	that is great . i have been saving up for some vintage 50s decorations lately .
rep-1451	hello, how are you tonight?	ok for living in the sea	hello, how are you tonight?	ok for living in the sea	seattle? me too, i have two room mates!	not seattle but ocean . i spend all my days at school .	nice . i graduated about two years ago, now i teach kindergarten	i like checking out the sea creatures .	i am not a fan of sea creatures . i prefer my cat . how about you?	i like cats . but i like my tail as feet	wow that is pretty interesting	i have long wavy hair what about you?
rep-1452	hello how are you today ?	i am doing well . glad that monday is done and over with . how are you ?	hello how are you today ?	i am doing well . glad that monday is done and over with . how are you ?	good what kind of music do you like ? i am really into music myself !	i really like pop and rock music . how about you ?	i like pink floyd but other kids my age not not into them .	i am sure there are kids your age who likes pink floyd	not around here . it is all country , rap or a weird fusion of the two .	oh . do you currently work , or in school ?	i am still in middle school . are you still in school ?	yes , i am in college . i am looking to be a fashion designer . how about you ?	i want to be an actor when i get older .	are you in drama theatre in school ?
rep-1453	hi ! i drive a ford truck ! what o you drive ?	i drive a toyota ! what is your favorite band ?	hi ! i drive a ford truck ! what o you drive ?	i drive a toyota ! what is your favorite band ?	a christian rock band called p . o . d .	i am still rocking to nirvana . i love animals !	that is cool ! i grew up super conservative	my grandfather , all my uncles and my dad were police officers .	my dad , who lives right down the street , is a police officer too !	i have always wanted to be a cop . i work with animals .	i love animals ! since i grew up conservative i got to church every sunday	that is pretty sweet . i love making everyday sunday i cant get him off my mind .	amen ! what do you do for fun ?	i like to run , create art , and take naps ! how about you ?	naps are my favorite ! i like to shoot guns and ride horses	i want a ranch full of animals . i am getting hungry . i need to start making dinner .
rep-1454	hello , how are you feeling today ?	hello i am feeling alright how about yourself ?	hello , how are you feeling today ?	hello i am feeling alright how about yourself ?	good , i am just coding web designs , something i very much enjoy .	hello i am feeling alright how about yourself ?	my family and i are originally from canada . where are you from ?	wow that sounds interesting i just got done closing on my new home .	i am in my young adult years , i am not ready to buy a home .	this is my first one it was an interesting process	well congrats on your home ! what are your hobbies ?	well i run my a dog obedience school so that is where most of time is spent	sounds cool . i am thirsty . i wish i had some iced tea , my favorite drink .	i love sweet tea but then again i like anything with sugar	same here . i definitely have a sweet tooth .	so what hobbies are you into ?	i love coding web designs , i am kind of a computer geek .
rep-1455	hello there . where are you from?	i am so excited i just got engaged!	hello there . where are you from?	i am so excited i just got engaged!	congratulations! how old are yoy?	the united states . how about you?	usa also . i live in pennsylvania	i am 30 years old . what is your favorite sport?	i love football . what is your favorite sport .	i like soccer . i like watching it on tv .	do you like watching mls or prefer world cup?
rep-1456	good evening! how are you	i am good i am eating pizza which is the best food	good evening! how are you	i am good i am eating pizza which is the best food	that sounds yummy . i am getting ready for bed	i am also i have a big family 6 sisters and one brother	i do not have any family . just my new cat	i work for my moms restaurant part time what do you do?	i make clothing, i make all my own clothes and also sell some	cool i wish i could do that . i stutter when i get excited with things	you should try singing . i sing folk music .	good idea . i like to read romances about paranormal things	that is a very specific interest	do you like to watch movies?	not really . i like listening to music more	cool what kind of music do you like?
rep-1457	how is your day going so far ?	good , just gardening in my large garden !	how is your day going so far ?	good , just gardening in my large garden !	that sounds fun ! i am tending to my meat rabbits	meat rabbits ? do you like traveling ? i love it	i hike and camp in the mountains does that count ?	yes , definitely . i have been to 6 countries actually .	i enjoy meat , find it healthier to raise and butcher myself	that sounds so harsh , but i like meat as well . i guess i get it	i blast my stereo in my truck chop chop chop	do you live out in the country ?	yes my daddy is retired from male stripping
rep-1458	hello, how are you doing?	i am doing very well . looking at travel brochures .	hello, how are you doing?	i am doing very well . looking at travel brochures .	awesome, do you like onions? i love them! gonna travel?	i do not, and yes . hopefully to italy .	nice place . i like it, i am not a person who likes cats . hate them	i have a huge malamute . he thinks he is a lap dog .	i have one also, as long as my job, i have had my job for years	i do not work, my husband does all of that .	what a great husband he is	he is, i am very lucky .	its such a nice snowy night here in idaho falls	is that anywhere near caldwell?	its pretty far, 4 hours	i have a friend who lives there .	oh nice i just googled it, said caldwell murders	lol . yeah . i never did figure out what that was all about . i do not visit.
rep-1459	hello there ! how are you today ?	hi i am doing great at the truck stop waiting to get loaded	hello there ! how are you today ?	hi i am doing great at the truck stop waiting to get loaded	oh ! you are a truck driver ?	yeah its the best way to support my 7 kids
rep-1460	hi how are you doing	i am alright . except my feet , they are a little frog like .	hi how are you doing	i am alright . except my feet , they are a little frog like .	why is that . do you have kids ?	no . i dream of kids to make art with .	i have sons . they are amazing lot of work tho	i see . do you have any trash i could have for my art ?
rep-1461	i think i pulled a muscle on a hike . ever done that?	yes, i have . on a hike for my homeschool biology class, to a waterfall .	i think i pulled a muscle on a hike . ever done that?	yes, i have . on a hike for my homeschool biology class, to a waterfall .	that sounds amazing, do you hike a lot?	when i can, i live in northern cali .	no way, i follow some rappers in cali! do you like rap?	i do, tupac is my favorite artist . i am building a robot that looks like him .	a robot? are you an engineer?
rep-1462	greeting today my friend ! how are you today ?	i am doing well , i am taking a break from building a tree house .	greeting today my friend ! how are you today ?	i am doing well , i am taking a break from building a tree house .	cool , as long as you do not harm the tree .	i have been building tree houses for over 40 years now , the tree is safe . .	i get worried about the world something .	why are you worried about the world ?	i just worry about how people harm the environment	yeah , humans have been rough on our plant . do you have any other hobbies ?	i make all my own clothes and i sing folk .	do you knit any of your clothes ? i am a knitter .
rep-1463	howdy how are you doing tonight i am okay thanks you jesus .	i am doing great . just thinking about my parents . they died years ago	howdy how are you doing tonight i am okay thanks you jesus .	i am doing great . just thinking about my parents . they died years ago	i am so sorry my dad died too when i was in my early twenty	i am really sorry to hear that . what do you do for fun?	i love doing make up and hair also great cook .	terrific . my favorite thing to do is dance .	me too i enjoy riding my bike outside .	where do you live? i am from edris island .	i have a grown daughter and two grand kids . i live in jersey .	my sister lives with me . i also have a dog .	i also like to enjoy caring for people that is cool .	it is! what do you look like?	i have two animals a dog and three cats how is your sister?
rep-1464	hi there, how are you tonight?	i am tired was a long day at the office . how about you?	hi there, how are you tonight?	i am tired was a long day at the office . how about you?	me too . been studying for class .	what class are you studying for?
rep-1465	hey how are you doing ?	i am good . how are you ?	hey how are you doing ?	i am good . how are you ?	great just practicing with my bluegrass bandmates	are you a professional musician ?	i play bluegrass on the weekends , high school work otherwise	that is a fun hobby . does your family enjoy your music ?
rep-1466	hello, how are you doing?	i am doing great today and you?	hello, how are you doing?	i am doing great today and you?	i am great, loving italian food now and forever!	going to walk my dog soon . do you have one?	yeah, my dog and i like to sing in a choir	my wife and i just had a baby boy . do you have kids?	no,, but i work in a program that helps and mentors teens	first time dad over here . team no sleep .	awesome, did you ever play softball? i love it	yes, i played a little company softball
rep-1467	hi! what do you have planned for dinner?	we ate way earlier . always by 630 . how about you?	hi! what do you have planned for dinner?	we ate way earlier . always by 630 . how about you?	italian is my favorite so i am thinking along those lines .	sounds yummy! do you work tomorrow?	no . so i think i will read a book . probably about traveling .	i love traveling . i often quilt while my husband drives .	i do not drive much . walking long distances is what i do .	i am too old for much of that anymore . we prefer visiting great american landmarks .	europe is on my travel list . have you been there?	we keep it to great american landmarks . we love seeing american history .	i have a big dog so i have to walk . do you have pets?	we have a tiny lapdog . she likes to go on road trips with us.
rep-1468	hi how are you today?	great . and how are you doing	hi how are you today?	great . and how are you doing	i am well great at multi tasking are you? i like to use trash for projects	having just one leg, i have to be good at multi tasking	i do not know but my toes bother me
rep-1469	hi how are you doing i am okay .	i am doing very good! i hope you had a very nice, relaxing sunday .	hi how are you doing i am okay .	i am doing very good! i hope you had a very nice, relaxing sunday .	yes it was okay thank you so much i like walking . do you?	i do, especially in the woods when i am out hunting . do you hunt?	no not really but it seems to be a really fun activity .	it is! i like to go with my father .	my work out is walking it is very good for the body . that is nice.
rep-1470	i sure hope you like hobbits!	i do lol do you like to be cared for?	i sure hope you like hobbits!
rep-1471	i cannot have a dog because of allergies . do you own a dog .	nope . my wife and kids happen to be allergic as well .	i cannot have a dog because of allergies . do you own a dog .	nope . my wife and kids happen to be allergic as well .	do you have any other pets ?	my kids have two guinea pigs .	i grew up without my mother . did you grow up with both parents ?	yes , i did . they were good parents .	singing karaoke is a talent of mine . do you sing too ?	not really . i am into running , books and old cars .	i cannot see colors . what is your favorite color ?	red would have to be my favorite color .	going into the army was my transition after high school . what about you ?
rep-1472	good morning , it is beautiful today . do you swim to school ?	good morning to you ! no , i ice skate to college .	good morning , it is beautiful today . do you swim to school ?	good morning to you ! no , i ice skate to college .	i could not do that , i have a tail and live in a coral reef .	fun ! we must live in totally different climates . i have been out fishing all day .
rep-1473	hello . hold on , my dogs are begging for attention . how are you ?	hello , well , and you ? i love dogs ! cats i am allergic to .	hello . hold on , my dogs are begging for attention . how are you ?	hello , well , and you ? i love dogs ! cats i am allergic to .	i am allergic to everything i own . i am well , but handling a difficult client .	sorry to hear that . making crafts takes my stress away . i enjoy it .	can you craft me a client who is both rich and innocent ?
rep-1474	hello how are you doing	pretty good . how are you ?	hello how are you doing	pretty good . how are you ?	i am making dinner getting ready for bed	i just got off work .	i am looking for something different to do	i am looking for another job myself .	i was adopted by my aunt and uncle	my parents did not want me either .	if i ever hit the lottery i will love to help some of these kids	what kids are you trying to help ?	all the ones that need help in the world there are so many	yeah , it is sad that there are kids who do not have their basic needs met .	now all these natural disasters	what do you think the most useful way is to help poor people ?
rep-1475	hi how are you today	good , how are you ? i just finished reading a new drama book	hi how are you today	good , how are you ? i just finished reading a new drama book	i am good where do you work	at a club in downtown miami . i just moved here from california
rep-1476	i am getting hungry , how about you ?	i just ate with my two boys . i am a single mom .	i am getting hungry , how about you ?	i just ate with my two boys . i am a single mom .	tell me it was vegan food please , that is all i eat .	nope , i am a meat eater . do you drive ? my car is a honda civic .	i drive a truck so i can play my country music everywhere i go .	that is awesome ! i am an accountant . do you like to hike ? i love it .	i cannot hike because i have a disability . i cannot even work much either	sorry to hear that . where are you from ? i am from ohio .	i live in california currently . spend my days knitting for children	that is awesome ! california is very beautiful .	the babes i knit the hats for are the real beauties	it sounds like you really care for them !	i do ! my disability makes it hard to type , i meant to say babies not babes
rep-1477	i am in school to be a nurse.
rep-1478	hi there, how are you tonight?	i am tired was a long day at the office . how about you?	hi there, how are you tonight?	i am tired was a long day at the office . how about you?	me too . been studying for class .	what class are you studying for?	i am going to school to be a lawyer .	oh i bet that is a lot of studying . do you listen to music when you study?	not usually . my dog max does not care for music .	oh i enjoy listening to oldies music when i am working at my desk all day .	are you in a relationship?	no i live alone getting ready to retire soon maybe i will meet someone then .	i have a girlfriend . we live together .	nice do you like to go out to eat? i enjoy finding good barbeque restaurants .	yeah, i do enjoy going out .	what do you do when you go out? i go to the gym and play racquetball .	i mean going out to eat .	oh where do you like to eat at?
rep-1479	hey i love bobs burgers ! i love tv and movies !	good evening how are you ?	hey i love bobs burgers ! i love tv and movies !	good evening how are you ?	i am great ! i am having my favorite food ice cream . what about you ?	i love to eat red meat .	me too ! i do not like to work our or any physical activity really .	my dad just retired 2 years ago .	nice , is he a homebody ? i am .	my mom is a doctor at a senior citizen home .	she must enjoy spending time with elderly people .	i go camping 6 times a year and hiking every month .	do you camp in national parks or elsewhere ?	i camp in my backyard	haha ! you do go very far . where do you hike ?	right by the back porch	you are as much as a homebody as me , nice .	have a good and safe evening .
rep-1480	hello , how are you tonight	i am well , loving on my little dogs an you ?	hello , how are you tonight	i am well , loving on my little dogs an you ?	talking to a friend and petting timothy , my turtle .	cool , i have 2 dogs	i only have a turtle .	oh that is cool , need a lawyer ?	no , i am good . i have a cop and a lawyer in my family .	not as good as me , like heights ?	i love heights , roller coasters even more .	really ? lol i would never	i live near cedar point . coasters are life .	i am in oklahoma as a native american	nice , are you near broken arrow ? my folks just moved to bora bora	you go ahead for the both of us lol	you do not like the beach ?
rep-1481	hi how are you today	hi i am fine and you how are you doing?	hi how are you today	hi i am fine and you how are you doing?	i am good what do you eat	i love pasta and i like to run also read too
rep-1482	hello , how are you ? do you play poke ?	hi . i am doing great thanks for asking . i do play poker sometimes .	hello , how are you ? do you play poke ?	hi . i am doing great thanks for asking . i do play poker sometimes .	it is so relaxing , i am stressed from college . running does not always help relieve it .	sorry to hear . i walk a lot since i hike in the nature . do you hike ?
rep-1483	hi i work at a pet place, where do you work at?	hi, i am an accountant . i have got two kids . do you have kids?	hi i work at a pet place, where do you work at?
rep-1484	hello, how is your day going	hi . my day is good . i am hanging out with both of my sons .	hello, how is your day going	hi . my day is good . i am hanging out with both of my sons .	cool, sounds like fun . just as much fun as cross stitch and quilts	i love those crafts! right now i am into my aquarium filled with exotic fish .	i am what you would call a baby boomer, explains the quilting passion	you might like my collection of decorations . they are 50s vintage!	sure, it would bring back old memories . especially when my dad served in the military	that is awesome . what do you eat for breakfast? mine is granola every day .	oatmeal fan over here . my parents were immigrants, they raised me on oats everyday.
rep-1485	hey how are you today	hi! i am doing well how are you?	hey how are you today	hi! i am doing well how are you?	i am doing great! just brought my newborn son home .	congratulations! have you had to take time off work?	yeah he is our first child so i took off to help adjust with him and our puppy
rep-1486	hello . how are you ? tell me about yourself .	hello well i love ice tea , country music , and love traveling hbu ?	hello . how are you ? tell me about yourself .	hello well i love ice tea , country music , and love traveling hbu ?	i am a fan of bluegrass personally . i even play	that is cool , my friends and i love to relax to bluegrass
rep-1487	good evening . how are you	i am good how r you?	good evening . how are you	i am good how r you?	not too bad . tired from working at the factory all day	ah, i am 14 still in school and like most teenagers hating it
rep-1488	hello , how are you tonight ? are you watching the office ?	i am good . just waiting for the good doctor to come on .	hello , how are you tonight ? are you watching the office ?	i am good . just waiting for the good doctor to come on .	that is a great show . i may set out some hummus and watch as well .	i am making dinner while i wait	i already had dinner , and greek yogurt for dessert . i do not like sweets .	i had to grade some papers and do homework with my kids	i do not have any kids , maybe one day when i find a nice jewish boy .	my husband works nights so its hard sometimes	i bet it is . my dad always worked nights .	cooking and reading are always my relaxers	i love to cook . i bake bread to relax .	yeah i love all the aromas of the food while its cooking	i do too . especially bread .
rep-1489	hello , how is your night going ?	going well , what do you do for a living ?	hello , how is your night going ?	going well , what do you do for a living ?	i am very young , but hope to be a professional dancer someday .	that is cool . what kind of dance ?	modern dance and ballet are my favorite . do you dance too ?	no , i am really into nutrition and fitness though .	oh nice . my father used to be very into fitness as well . do you play sports ?	not these days , i am mostly too busy with my dieting business to play many sports .	is the shop on edris island ? maybe i could stop in one day .	i am not sure where that is .	its where my sister , ralph and i live .
rep-1490	hi ! do you have any hobbies ? i like to sew and make quilts	hi , i like to study plants and organisms .	hi ! do you have any hobbies ? i like to sew and make quilts	hi , i like to study plants and organisms .	interesting . since i retired i try not to study anything . i just walk	oh i like walking too !	i try to do a walk a day . how much do you walk ?	i take walks in my garden a few times a week .
rep-1491	hello ! good evening . how are you ?	i am doing well . how about yourself ?	hello ! good evening . how are you ?	i am doing well . how about yourself ?	i am doing well a bit tired .	what did you do today ?	i cleaned my home . what about you ?	i took my dogs to the dog park .
rep-1492	hello how are you ?	i am fine shopping for clothes wyd ?	hello how are you ?	i am fine shopping for clothes wyd ?	what kind of clothes ? i am just playing with ginger my golden retriever	i like jeans an boots	what is your favorite store ? i did not shop at all when i studied abroad	amazon is my favorite store , you cannot go wrong .	do you not worry about trying on clothes first ? i buy model cards from there	no i pick pretty well trust me	do you have any kids ? i just had my first daughter	no i do not an have a good 12	do you want any kids ? what is your favorite movie ?
rep-1493	hey, i am here with my dogs, timbo and bananas	i love dogs! we have a lot of them on my horse ranch .	hey, i am here with my dogs, timbo and bananas	i love dogs! we have a lot of them on my horse ranch .	that is awesome! what do you do with your horses?	i train horses for a living . what do you do?	i play frisbee competitively and it is so much fun
rep-1494	hi want to get to know each other ?	yes , i would like that .	hi want to get to know each other ?	yes , i would like that .	what do you do ? i am going to be a nurse	i am studying to be an investment broker .	that sounds hard . do you enjoy it ?	i like the atmosphere that it offers . what led you to nursing ?
rep-1495	hey there how are you today ?	hi . good . just quilting tonight . tomorrow night i will cross stitch .	hey there how are you today ?	hi . good . just quilting tonight . tomorrow night i will cross stitch .	i spend a great deal of time at school
rep-1496	i am from a large family with 6 sisters and us 2 boys .	do you have any plans this weekend ?	i am from a large family with 6 sisters and us 2 boys .
rep-1497	hello, how are you this evening?
rep-1498	how is it going ? what are you up to ?	good just reading a book about traveling .	how is it going ? what are you up to ?	good just reading a book about traveling .	sounds interesting . how was your day at work ?	pretty good . i was happy that i could take a long walk over lunch .	i run a lot and walk .	sounds like we have that in common . what else do you enjoy ?	studying . trying to get my high school degree !	that is great ! any particular subjects you enjoy ?
rep-1499	hello how are you?	i am fine shopping for clothes wyd?	hello how are you?	i am fine shopping for clothes wyd?	what kind of clothes? i am just playing with ginger my golden retriever	i like jeans an boots	what is your favorite store? i did not shop at all when i studied abroad	amazon is my favorite store, you cannot go wrong .	do you not worry about trying on clothes first? i buy model cards from there	no i pick pretty well trust me	do you have any kids? i just had my first daughter	no i do not an have a good 12	do you want any kids? what is your favorite movie?	i do but not now	have a boyfriend? girlfriend?	i do not especially becoming a certified nurse!	that must be a hard job do you enjoy it?
rep-1500	hi there , how are you ?	hey i am good how about yourself	hi there , how are you ?	hey i am good how about yourself	good , just got back from the gym ready to hang out alone and kick back .	oh cool you work out often ?	just once a week but i have been trying to stay healthy , drinking nothing but water now	that is awesome i really need to adapt to that type of lifestyle	do you work out at all ?	no not really i use to but its usually too painful	why is that ? i work in the medical field maybe i could help	i have some nerve issues arm and back pains badly	i am a nurse in labor and delivery so maybe i overestimated myself	probably so lol my medical situation is a lot	do you have help at home ? i could not imagine being in that situation myself
rep-1501	hi! i drive a ford truck! what o you drive?	i drive a toyota! what is your favorite band?	hi! i drive a ford truck! what o you drive?	i drive a toyota! what is your favorite band?	a christian rock band called p . o . d .	i am still rocking to nirvana . i love animals!	that is cool! i grew up super conservative	my grandfather, all my uncles and my dad were police officers .	my dad, who lives right down the street, is a police officer too!	i have always wanted to be a cop . i work with animals.
rep-1502	hey there . how are you?	hey there . i am fine . what about you?	hey there . how are you?	hey there . i am fine . what about you?	been better . stressful day at work .	do you work on sundays?	yep . i work fast food . always working on a sunday .	how old are you? if do not mind to share it .	i am 20 and i have been doing this for 4 years .	you are too young . do you study?	no . i left high school at 16 to help my family . trying to get my ged soon .	i feel so sorry . you should get it soon .	yeah trying my best but helping my family out of these bad apartments is my main goal .	god help you and make you rich one day .	haha thanks . enough about me . what do you like to do?
rep-1503	hi how are you today	i am good . how are you ?	hi how are you today	i am good . how are you ?	pretty good where do you work ?	i do not work , i am a full time student . what about you ?
rep-1504	hey, how are you doing tonight?	i am well just got in from playing with the dolphins . how are you?	hey, how are you doing tonight?	i am well just got in from playing with the dolphins . how are you?	the football team or the animal?	animal . my home is under water . where do you live?	what do you live in a sea lab or a sub? i live in my dad	the sea is my home . the aquatic creatures are my friends .	that is so wild . i like the beach, but i never imagined . are you merkin?	sure you could call it that . do have any hobbies?	wow . yeah i like horses	how old are you? i spend all day at school! i would rather be playing.
rep-1505	hello, how are you tonight?	i am hungry how about you?	hello, how are you tonight?	i am hungry how about you?	i could eat, lol . i have two boys and they are always hungry .	i have a dog . i love animals	i love fish . i have a saltwater aquarium decorated like a 50s diner .	i want a tank . what is your favorite food?	granola! i have it for breakfast each morning .	i love chocolate muffins and blueberry muffins	those are good too, the lady who teaches my hair extensions class makes orange muffins
rep-1506	hi, i am a female and 22 years old, what about you?	i am a little older . old enough to have two boys	hi, i am a female and 22 years old, what about you?	i am a little older . old enough to have two boys	nice, do they listen to you?	not a chance . but i am still in charge	nice, do you hangout with friends, i love hanging out with friends	when i can . if i have time to myself i like to go for hikes	nice i also like sports a lot and staying active	that is very good for you . as an accountant i sit far too much	do you listen to music while working? i enjoy rap music
rep-1507	hi there how are you doing ?	i am good thanks . just got my nails done . you ?	hi there how are you doing ?	i am good thanks . just got my nails done . you ?	i am pretty well getting ready for martial arts class	fun . what else do you like to do ?	playing softball . and mentoring teens mostly	do you like the beach ?	i do enjoy the sounds of waves yes	it is beautiful . do you like horses ?	they are ok either way i am good . not big on pets or animals	you do not have any pets ?
rep-1508	hi do you have any hobbies? i am a guitarist.
rep-1509	hello how are you tonight ?	good evening , i swear i am exhausted	hello how are you tonight ?	good evening , i swear i am exhausted	me too , i just got back from walking . i love walking in the crips air	in the crips ? like books ? my name jordan by the way also	sorry crisp air , helps when i travel	oh i got it now like animals ? or have any ?	several , they love to eat the veggies out of my large garden	cool , i am a vet , i love live music on the weekend	i am a biology teacher , i love music helps me relax between papers	really ? i do also an i read	traveling is something i love to do in the summer time on my down time .	that is cool i stay in florida but from cali	i have been to six countries , we try to hit a different me each year
rep-1510	hi do you have any hobbies ? i am a guitarist .	no , i can barely pay my monthly bills .	hi do you have any hobbies ? i am a guitarist .	no , i can barely pay my monthly bills .	because i share an apartment with my brothers it is not that expensive .	i teach kindergarten , but i hate children .	that sounds miserable . my other hobby is getting tattoos .	where do you get the tattoos ?	i just like them . where do you live ?	i live in seattle with two derelicts . they drink all the time .	my brothers and i live in chicago , the folks are from arkansas	do you have a southern accent ?	i did have the arkansas accent as a child . why do you live with drunken derelicts ?
rep-1511	hey what are your interests ?	i love the mall , shopping is my hobby . do you have any ?	hey what are your interests ?	i love the mall , shopping is my hobby . do you have any ?	yes i love concerts and singing	really ? me too , are you in a relationship ? i am not as of yet .	what did you pick up at the mall ? my life left years ago	i got me some nice blue jean thigh high boots . any siblings ?	my wife left years ago . yes 2 brothers you ?	oh no sorry to hear that ! we could go out on a date !	yep i am sure you are hot	i bet you are a great catch , i will be a full time nurse soon .	awesome never seen a bad looking nurse student ?
rep-1512	hello , what are you up to ?	nothing much , just stressed about the semester . you ?	hello , what are you up to ?	nothing much , just stressed about the semester . you ?	i have just been toying around with a new invention . automated bacon fryer !	bacon fryer . hasn t that already been done tho ?	not like this one ! it takes the bacon right from the fridge !
rep-1513	i am always trying to reserve for other but how are you	just got off work mcdonalds is not cutting it i might go back to school	i am always trying to reserve for other but how are you	just got off work mcdonalds is not cutting it i might go back to school	i mean to say that introvert is my personality my cats serve them love me	i cant stop thinking of my real parents they aban	your parents that do they live in a faraway island just like me	i do not know since they abandoned me	hey i m actually into writing specially romance novel	nice maybe il study writing does it pay any good?	it s really good i suggested for you
rep-1514	hello , how are you tonight ?	i am a thing in fashion and acting . but not sure how i will like ny .	hello , how are you tonight ?	i am a thing in fashion and acting . but not sure how i will like ny .	it is interesting at best . i love to sing , do you ?	moving there next year . love to sing . surf and skate too . you ?	i surf and do not see colors correctly , so that is a challenge .	i spent most my life in california sharks are grey . what parts do you sing ?	anything by lady gaga and madonna .	neat . so do you perform or work in the industry ?	i am retired army , and do not know what to do with myself .	if you can sing , go get on the voice ! or take up surfing .	i do surf , and i am not interested in become a pro singer .	is there surfing around new york ?
rep-1515	hey . how are you ? tell me something about you ?	hi , here is not much to me other than i like to stay at home	hey . how are you ? tell me something about you ?	hi , here is not much to me other than i like to stay at home	as a homeschooled student , i am home as well .	yeah , i do not really like to do anything but sit down and watch tv	one of my interests in engineering . i built my best friend .
rep-1516	hi . what are you up to tonight?	i am just doing a bit of cleaning . my turtle, timothy, needs his tank cleaned .	hi . what are you up to tonight?	i am just doing a bit of cleaning . my turtle, timothy, needs his tank cleaned .	my son wanted a cat but i am allergic so we have a turtle named kitten	that is so funny! i have a cat named cricket! lol	are you allergic to crickets? lol	fortunately, not! just an interesting tidbit to add in when meeting new people .	i live in the middle of nowhere crickets everywhere! that would be a bad allergy!	yes, it would be! my parents live in the middle of the ocean . . . bora bora	that sounds really exciting! i love making jewelry with sea glass from vacations	what a neat hobby! i spend my time playing ultimate frisbee
rep-1517	hello , what are some of your hobbies ?	hi i am really into crafting	hello , what are some of your hobbies ?	hi i am really into crafting	one of my hobbies is being online all the time	what kinds of things do you do online	would you mind telling me what state you are in ?	i am in ohio what about you	i am in texas , the weather is no joke here	yeah were you affected by the hurricane
rep-1518	janice here . what are you up to tonight?	they call me big shirley . i love scary movies . you?	janice here . what are you up to tonight?	they call me big shirley . i love scary movies . you?	well, i am more into sports than i am horror flicks .	i see . i workout lifting weights . you?	i played a lot of sports in high school, but stopped when i started college .	i am a warehouse worker . i cook a great bbq .	i just graduated college and am still looking for a job .	keep your head up! i work the forklift . what work do you do?	my fiance is helping me look for a job .	that is good! people laugh because my name is joe shirley .	ah, i see . they laugh because i want to be a soccer coach .	hmmm . got for it! is six four two twenty tall and big?	yes, too big for soccer, which is my favorite sport!	i see . i have a cookbook coming out . you write?	no, but my fiance does.
rep-1519	hi , big time k singer here . what is your hobby ?	what is a k singer ? i am 17 years old and focused on graduating high school .	hi , big time k singer here . what is your hobby ?	what is a k singer ? i am 17 years old and focused on graduating high school .	karaoke , it is a lot of fun and my dogs i train them like it too !	oh yeah ! i like karaoke . i am going to auburn university for music next year .	allergic to dander in dogs but i still love to train them . do you like dogs ?	i love dogs . even though i love music , i really want to be a doctor or vet .	no college for me , i went from high school straight into the army . enjoy college .	i may need a new car . i do not think my old beetle will survive the drive .	i was discharged from the army for being colorblind . i need a car too .	i am sorry to hear that . my dad is color blind too .	i think its common in men . what do you plan to study ?	music , but as i said before , i would love to get into medicine .	go for the medicine , it pays more and you will have a secure future .	with the way the economy is , i definitely want a secure future .	vets get to work with all kinds of animals , i would love that .
rep-1520	hi , what did you do today ?	hey ! a bunch of consulting for a large food service provider you ?	hi , what did you do today ?	hey ! a bunch of consulting for a large food service provider you ?	i am a nurse , my mom is also a nurse , an army nurse	oh wow i bet that is exciting .	not really , the only exciting thing about my life recently is i got a stray cat	my brother is in the army one of them anyway . you like cats ?	i love cats , i love dressing cats , i made a cat sweater , i love knitting
rep-1521	hi there . how are you	i am good . just got back from a run .	hi there . how are you	i am good . just got back from a run .	sounds fun . i just finished my favorite show one tree hill	do you have any kids?	i have two . boy and a girl	i have two boys, 2 and 4 .	sweet . good ages . mine are 12 and 9 .	what do you do for a living?	i am a registered nurse in the pediatric wing at the hospital here	oh cool! i am actually a pediatrician!	small world! look at us go hah	do you have any hobbies?	eating pizza, and reading tarot cards
rep-1522	hello , how are you today ?	i am well just studying for class	hello , how are you today ?	i am well just studying for class	what are you studying ? i just completed school to be a rn .	i am working on my law degree	oh wow ! that is a lot . how much school do you have left ?	about two more years how about you	i am done ! all i have to do is find a nursing job . i am so excited !
rep-1523	good evening . vietnam veteran here .	nice . i am in the south korean army .	good evening . vietnam veteran here .	nice . i am in the south korean army .	wow , i want to visit south korea one day , but i am in a wheelchair .	were you injured in action ?	yes , lost a leg . what do you do in the army ?	i am a medic , so most of the time there is not much action .	i am pretty old now , and retired . i get tired too easily to work now .	i am serving for a couple years to help pay for college .	some college kids here modified my wheelchair to go very fast .	that is cool . is it motorized ?	yes , and it can go over all kinds of terrain .	did they make any more besides yours ?	no , just for me because i used to be in the army .
rep-1524	hi, what is up with you today?	hi there! the lord of the rings! i am a huge binge watcher	hi, what is up with you today?	hi there! the lord of the rings! i am a huge binge watcher	that is awesome . i have never seen them though	well that is between my two part time jobs.
rep-1525	hello, how are you tonight? i am looking at the fishing maps .	well the weather definitely is good for fishing .	hello, how are you tonight? i am looking at the fishing maps .	well the weather definitely is good for fishing .	i am waiting for the lake to ice over .	oh, ice fishing . you better bundle up for that and hope for cold weather .	i have been doing this for decades . i study the ice shelves .	oh . i train dogs . i get to work indoors, a bit warmer .	that sounds interesting . i hunt polar bears .	boy, you really like hunting and fishing . not me, sweets i love .	i am an artic explorer on the side, lo	you really like cold weather . take pictures of yourself while exploring .	no, i am not into self photography like most narcissists .	oh, i would not say i am a narcissists, just like sharing my adventures.
rep-1526	hello how are you?	i am fine shopping for clothes wyd?	hello how are you?	i am fine shopping for clothes wyd?	what kind of clothes? i am just playing with ginger my golden retriever	i like jeans an boots	what is your favorite store? i did not shop at all when i studied abroad	amazon is my favorite store, you cannot go wrong.
rep-1527	hi . how is it going? my name is carson	hey there how are you?	hi . how is it going? my name is carson	hey there how are you?	good . just got home from playing frisbee at the park . what have you been doing today?
rep-1528	hello ! are you listening to music this morning ? i love country	no but i am eating eggplant parmigiana !	hello ! are you listening to music this morning ? i love country	no but i am eating eggplant parmigiana !	you like italian food ? i have to get iced tea anytime i go to a restaurant	i love it the best ! even my dog charlie loves it !	i had a dog named charlie when i was 10 . that was 10 years ago	cool do you have any brothers or sisters ? i have both .	yes they are younger and still live at home	do you live with your parents as well ?	no since i got my first job coding and designing websites i moved out	i am in the stocks myself .	interesting . can you listen to music at work ? like country ?	no i wish , got to keep my head clear for trades .	oh yes that makes sense . i am glad i can listen to country while i work	do you have any hobbies ?	pretty much just listening to country music . you ?	no i am a all work and no play type .
rep-1529	hello, how are you doing this evening?
rep-1530	hey do you like dancing?
rep-1531	hey there i am brianna hows it going	hi! i am kylee . doing well . nothing too exciting tonight	hey there i am brianna hows it going	hi! i am kylee . doing well . nothing too exciting tonight	that is good and same here sadly	waiting for my next model spaceship to be delivered .	o are those hard to assemble	not too hard, just fun while i am not playing videogames	what video games you play?	anything really, but mostly warcraft . what are your hobbies?	i use to draw a lot right now i sont really have a hobbie	i wish i could draw . my parents were more scientific . mom is a doctor	i wish i could improve my art . i am a nurse so you can do both lol	i work in computer science, so not both for me lol	that sounds really fun though	it makes me a better gamer!
rep-1532	hello , i am a sports nut , just love soccer , and you ?	i like playing sports like racquetball , but not watching so much .	hello , i am a sports nut , just love soccer , and you ?
rep-1533	hi ! what are you up to ? i am listening to some rap while studying	hi , i am lucy . just getting ready for another day at the office
rep-1534	hello how are you today	i am good how about you	hello how are you today	i am good how about you	i am great i just got engaged	oh how exciting that is . still looking for mister right	aww hope you find him soon they are hard to find now a days	yeah would help if i stay out of the clubs will not find him there
rep-1535	hi, how are you today?	i am well . just finishing up making some barbecue . i love it .	hi, how are you today?	i am well . just finishing up making some barbecue . i love it .	that sounds nice . so you like to cook? what else do you do?	watching horror movies are one of my favorites and i like to lift weights on weekends	awesome! i love movies but i have not had much time with so much school .	every weekend i lift weight and watch a horror movie or two . need to go shopping.
rep-1536	hello . i am an attorney and i live in oklahoma . what about you?	tracy here . i am 32, live alone and scared of dogs .	hello . i am an attorney and i live in oklahoma . what about you?	tracy here . i am 32, live alone and scared of dogs .	oh dear . i love animals! i actually have two dogs .	hmmm . do you own or rent your home? i rent .	own . as a native american, i prefer to own .	i see . i read and watch love stories . you have any cats?	no . just dogs . what about you?	i am a single cat lady . are you married?	yes . my wife loves rock climbing, but i am scared of heights .	lassie was my fave dog show . you have children?	not yet . we would be praying for some, but i am not very religious .	oh okay . i hope your children like your dogs when you have them . your wife sing?	funny question . she does sing very well, actually . do you?
rep-1537	hi , how are you today ?	i am good just spending time with my dog . how are you	hi , how are you today ?	i am good just spending time with my dog . how are you	fine thanks , listening to some music	what kind of music do you listen to ?	jazz , i enjoy jazz a lot .	i do sometimes . i also enjoy taking long walks . do you ?
rep-1538	hi ! how are you ? what are you doing right now ?	hey , i am great . other than recovering from surgery . how are you ?	hi ! how are you ? what are you doing right now ?	hey , i am great . other than recovering from surgery . how are you ?	oh no ! what happened ? i am taking a break from driving .	i tore up my knee playing frisbee with my 2 dogs . where are you driving to ?	i am driving a load to chicago . sorry about your knee . how is your recovery ?	its going well so far . an excuse to lay around . you drive truck ?	yes , i do . do you work for a living ?
rep-1539	hello, i love fashion and hope to be a doctor one day . you?	hello, i am an accountant from ohio . i have two boys and i am single .	hello, i love fashion and hope to be a doctor one day . you?	hello, i am an accountant from ohio . i have two boys and i am single .	student, male, divorced, ex named doug . i own a beetle .	oh a beetle how cool . i have a boring honda civic . what are your hobbies?	wow! i make book covers in my free time . i am published also .	how amazing! i love to go hiking . what books have you written?	angel investor and if i can help someone are my recent books . hiking huh?	very cool! yes, i love to hike you get some beautiful views!	you are right! if you take pictures you can sell them online . i love clothes .	i never thought of that . i love clothes as well .	i will attend au next year . i continue to write while studying medicine .	good luck, being a doctor is hard . maybe you will write medical books.
rep-1540	hello, how are you tonight? i have to go home later .	hi . are you having a good day?	hello, how are you tonight? i have to go home later .	hi . are you having a good day?	i am, until i go home . my mom and dad are there with my parents .	do you have any pets?
rep-1541	hi how is it going ?	hi there i am great eating a snack and you ?	hi how is it going ?	hi there i am great eating a snack and you ?	i am allergic to mangoes	but how they are delicious well i eat alot	i like to collect civil war antiques	really i am a body builder on my days off
rep-1542	how are you you tonight? i am working on some crafts as we talk.
rep-1543	hey there how are you today?	i am doing good . so tell me where you are from?	hey there how are you today?	i am doing good . so tell me where you are from?	i am from new york . i am in college soon .	i love new york . i stay in texas . what are your hobbies?	my hobbies are fashion an clothes!	fashion is cool . i am an avid gamer playing second life .	awesome! what is second life? never heard of it	it is an online game where i portray a furry .	really? cool, what kind of car do you drive?	i do not drive since i work at home and online so much.
rep-1544	how is your day going ? i am just an old tired man	it is okay . thankfully , i did not have court today .	how is your day going ? i am just an old tired man	it is okay . thankfully , i did not have court today .	well that is good news	it is . columbus day is still celebrated here in oklahoma , even us natives must observe .	that is great , i was in the military for a long time
rep-1545	good evening . how are you?	having a quiet evening at home with my cats . how are you?	good evening . how are you?	having a quiet evening at home with my cats . how are you?	doing the same . listening to some country music .	i love country music! the stories always give me ideas for writing .	i knit hats for infants at the hospital so i play country music a lot .	sounds like a very cozy life . do you like restaurants?	i do . i am vegan so its hard to order . i love cooking at home tho .	there are no vegan restaurants on the island where i live .	where do you live at?	a small island almost no one has heard of	i lived on harkers island in north carolina when i was younger .	there are some great romance novels set in nc .	so i have heard . i have never read any tho .	i prefer to write rather than read.
rep-1546	hey there how are you? it was beautiful saturday my friend got married!	i am doing great! i am just currently exploring with my sea creature friends!
rep-1547	hi how are you? i am still recovering from my friends wedding
rep-1548	hello , what is the best hotel in your town ?	do not know hotels here howdy how are you doing i am fine	hello , what is the best hotel in your town ?	do not know hotels here howdy how are you doing i am fine	okay , which place can be good for a couple in this town ?	i am not married to my boyfriend no kids from him .
rep-1549	drink more water . tracy here . nice to meet you .	i drink water when i hike . my name is suzie .	drink more water . tracy here . nice to meet you .	i drink water when i hike . my name is suzie .	great ! hi sus . i love my three children and my cat named grace . you ?	i have two boys , blake and wesley .	get out ! my huband name is wesley blake . he work nights .	what a coincidence ! i am an accountant during the day .
rep-1550	hi, how are you today?	i am good just spending time with my dog . how are you	hi, how are you today?	i am good just spending time with my dog . how are you	fine thanks, listening to some music	what kind of music do you listen to?	jazz, i enjoy jazz a lot .	i do sometimes . i also enjoy taking long walks . do you?	not really, kinda lazy . but i don t eat sweet	i love to travel . do you vacation much?	no, i like to watch tv shows . the office is my favorite	the office is funny . do you read much?	some books about jews . i am jewish	do you ever read books on traveling to europe?
rep-1551	hey , do you want to marry me ? i go to college .	sorry , i am in college myself and want to finish my education first .	hey , do you want to marry me ? i go to college .	sorry , i am in college myself and want to finish my education first .	oh , i guess that is fine . where are you from ?	i am in ohio , i play lacrosse for ohio state .	what are you studying ? i am trying to go for marine biology	music theory . i love tupac , so i want to incorporate it into therapy sessions .
rep-1552	hello i like to travel .	hello , how are you tonight ? i do too and love to cook .	hello i like to travel .	hello , how are you tonight ? i do too and love to cook .	i would love to see europe .	i would too , i am knitting tiny hats for the babies in the icu	awww that is so adorable . they will love them .	i am disabled , and not able to work . it makes me feel good to give back .	i like to read books and travel .	i like to listen to music .	italian is my favorite food choice if dining out .	i am vegan , and i love to bake cakes .	i love dogs , my pet is a large dog named roscoe .	i love dogs as well , and otters . they are like water dogs .	what is your favorite cake to make ?	tiramisu . it is my absolute favorite .	i want to make a pumpkin roll , any ideas on the roll ?	i have no idea , i do not like pumpkin
rep-1553	hello there . where are you from?	i am from canada . how about you?
rep-1554	hello i am ray i am 20 years old	that is ironic , my dad is named ray . he lives with my mom in australia	hello i am ray i am 20 years old	that is ironic , my dad is named ray . he lives with my mom in australia	i just entered the army 6 months ago , i deployed to south korea	do they serve eggplant parmigiana in south korea ? that is my favorite food	no they do not serve that here , but they do in puerto rico , was born there	i bought my dog charlie from someone in puerto rico	i joined the army because i like to be a violent person	oh wow , i became a stock broker because i am a pacifist	what kinda dog is charlie ?	charlie is an australian sheppard	stock broker , do you make alot of money doing that ?	i am able to live in the usa while my parents stay in australia so yes !
rep-1555	hi, how are you today?	good, i am in sales, what do you do for your work?	hi, how are you today?	good, i am in sales, what do you do for your work?	i am enjoying a glass of wine, and you?
rep-1556	hello i am a real estate agent in canada where are you?	hi there i teach biology college	hello i am a real estate agent in canada where are you?	hi there i teach biology college	i work part time and care for my two children in kindergarten	that i am sure keeps you busy . do you get to travel?	i only travel for environmentalist events	i see that is a noble cause i love traveling	i wish i had more time for travel but work has kept me busy last 12 years	i know how that is i like walking you	since i turned 34, i prefer to walk	lol i do a lot of gardening love fresh fruits and veggies	my 2 kinds are really into growing things	that is awesome . hard work but rewarding	planting trees is rewarding for me	aw yes another good one to grow	i would prefer to be a tree planter than real estate agent
rep-1557	hello i am alison . what is your name ?	judy . what do you like about sundays ? football watching is what i like !
rep-1558	hi, do you have sons? i have two .	a younger brother and no children is all . besides dad	hi, do you have sons? i have two .	a younger brother and no children is all . besides dad	i will be in a school of hairdresser, i also own a fish aquarium	really . fish raw is my meal . what kind of fish?	i love exotic fish, you have a nice family .	my family is nice . we spend time at the weight room a lot	i love the 1950 era and the decorations of that era	we work out to hip hop artists and i love the 1990 era	it is a nice family event and healthy too	yes it is . i cherish those moments .	you are so much younger than me	am i how much younger? how old are you?	i bet you do not eat granola in the morning	no i do not . only fruit and coconut juice . also, water and supplements	i eat that daily younger folks cannot stand it
rep-1559	hi ! nice to chat with you . what kind of hobbies do you have ?	hi ! i like to collect teddy bears and volunteer for red cross . you ?	hi ! nice to chat with you . what kind of hobbies do you have ?	hi ! i like to collect teddy bears and volunteer for red cross . you ?	i like to call myself a bodybuilder , but its a body in progress ! ha !	that is nice . what do you do for a living ?	construction . family business . my mom is actually our secretary ! any siblings ?	yes , i have two brothers and a sister . do you have any ?	just one little brother brother . do you follow a special diet ? vegetarian or vegan ?	i am a vegetarian because i love the color green . and animals .	that is respectful . i enjoy lots of meat , but would not mind entertaining a vegan diet .	there are actually a lot of vegan proteins you can use to body build with	that would be fantastic ! a vegan bodybuilder would surely equal health !	yes , i personally like to run and do yoga .	i have always been interested in yoga , is it hard to get started ?	no , slow and consistent is best .	that strategy applies to a lot huh ? no one wakes up an expert !
rep-1560	where do you want to live in the future?	hello, ginger and i want to live in florida .	where do you want to live in the future?	hello, ginger and i want to live in florida .	how is the weather over there? i have two kids too	it is raining, we are getting the tail end of nate.
rep-1561	i just ran around when it s about paranormal	whoa! that is freaky! how is that done?	i just ran around when it s about paranormal	whoa! that is freaky! how is that done?	oh it s because of those novels paranormal mall i ve read	you like books huh? i actually sell paranormal books?	yeah i might probably visit but i work very busy at my moms restaurant part time
rep-1562	hello , how are you doing ?	so tired . just got off job 1 and off to job 2 soon . you ?	hello , how are you doing ?	so tired . just got off job 1 and off to job 2 soon . you ?	i am reading fashion magazines .	oh , do you like that kind of stuff ? models , shoes , fashion ?	yeah , i want to learn to make clothes .	like movie costumes and stuff like that ?	just every day clothes like dresses or shirts .	you should try making costumes , like fantasy costumes
rep-1563	hey hows your day going sir	hehe , i am actually a miss . it is going well , what about yourself ?	hey hows your day going sir	hehe , i am actually a miss . it is going well , what about yourself ?	oops sorry miss haha . i am doing good . feeding my 3 dogs	what are their names ? i do not have any pets , my two boys are enough !	haha kids . . am i right ?	oh you are . luckily my job is mostly paperwork . . . what do you do for a living ?	oh that sounds nice . i work at a salon . . hairstylist .	maybe you could do my hair sometime !
rep-1564	hello, what are some of your hobbies?	hi i am really into crafting	hello, what are some of your hobbies?	hi i am really into crafting	one of my hobbies is being online all the time	what kinds of things do you do online	would you mind telling me what state you are in?	i am in ohio what about you	i am in texas, the weather is no joke here	yeah were you affected by the hurricane	no, thankfully i was not, it was only by gods grace
rep-1565	hi how are you doing ?	i am well an you ? like dogs .	hi how are you doing ?	i am well an you ? like dogs .	yes i have 2 german shepards	names ? i have 3 dogs
rep-1566	hello, how are you this evening?	hi, animal lover here, two hound dogs and a trio of cats.
rep-1567	hello, how are you today?	hi . not so hot . i got poison ivy hiking last weekend . how are you?	hello, how are you today?	hi . not so hot . i got poison ivy hiking last weekend . how are you?	oh no! i am tired, but doing okay	yeah . i should have stuck to writing nature poems like usual .	sounds like it! are you a writer?	more of a reader, but i write a bit . what is your profession?	i am a retired veteran, so i am more focused on hobbies now	i have lots of hobbies like collecting weird stickers . what are yours?	i like to ride my custom wheelchair on hiking trails	nature is so beautiful . do you know how to draw? i would like to learn .	i can draw a bit, but nothing special . do you like nature?	yep . but i have learned my lesson . next week i will try cooking instead .	i bet! what is your favorite food?	there are too many to choose just one . maybe chicken alfredo and chocolate.
rep-1568	hi! i love to party and jam to metallica . what are your hobbies?	i enjoy spending time with my 3 girls not my ex though	hi! i love to party and jam to metallica . what are your hobbies?	i enjoy spending time with my 3 girls not my ex though	exes are bummers . i hang with my two brothers mostly . where did you grow up?	i grew up in the last was . not sure what that means but it is true	sounds interesting, ha! i come from wisconsin, lots of snow and cold for me! i love it.
rep-1569	hi how are you doing	i am well . how about you ?	hi how are you doing	i am well . how about you ?	i am good getting ready for work	me too . what do you do for a living ?	i am a lawyer long hours	i get that ! i am a doctor . pediatrics to be exact . do anything for fun ?	i like to go running with my dogs
rep-1570	hi how is it going ?	hi there i am great eating a snack and you ?	hi how is it going ?	hi there i am great eating a snack and you ?
rep-1571	hey there how are you?	hello, i am doing great today what about you?	hey there how are you?	hello, i am doing great today what about you?	i am well just tired, all the little ones in my class are busy	i am thinking about riding my bike tomorrow after work .	really? cool have any pets? i do .	i volunteered today at the homeless shelter . i like helping others .	that is sweet of you, i just got out of college 2 years ago	wow, just 2 years ago, i have grown children that have completed college	i still have roommates here in seattle	i hear it rains a lot out there	lol yes i am young	two dogs and one cat in the house keep me busy	i have just 1 cat
rep-1572	hello, how are you today?	hi, i m fine thanks, you?	hello, how are you today?	hi, i m fine thanks, you?	pretty good . i am here with my fellow soldiers.
rep-1573	hi, i enjoy bodybuilder, what do you do for fun?	i like to be outdoors . hiking, camping, you know	hi, i enjoy bodybuilder, what do you do for fun?	i like to be outdoors . hiking, camping, you know	do you eat a lot of meat outdoors? like hunting? i love meat	sometimes i will fish on my trips, but that is it .	nice, do you go alone or with siblings? i go with my brother fishing	i do not have any siblings . i go alone or with friends	wow, what does your mom do? my mom works as a secretary	she is a nurse in a hospital	nice, please tell me more	there is not much to tell . i drive her to work sometimes in my truck
rep-1574	good evening . i just finished working out .	haha, i just finished a cheese pizza	good evening . i just finished working out .	haha, i just finished a cheese pizza	very cool . i have to take my horse out for a ride in a bit .	i have to go back to work, have a major client who needs his hair done	i hear ya . i need to pick some beans out of my garden for dinner .	i would love to make a dip out of those fresh beans for sunday football	that would be cool if you could .	send some over for christmas! i love christmas	christmas is cool . i cannot wait for this years .	hope to get more clients so i have more cash . just got on welfare, things are bad	ouch . sorry to hear that .	yea . . . the heat just got shut off and the snow is near . things are bleak	keepin my fingers crossed for you.
rep-1575	what do you like to do?	animal lover living in the mountain area who teaches	what do you like to do?	animal lover living in the mountain area who teaches	i am wanting to learn how to draw do you like the arts?	i do actually most performance art tho . some abstract	i like nature and hiking	that sounds exciting where do you hike?	and i love hiking in the mountains too where i write and read poetry	you can defiantly find quiet places for that there	do you like to cook? i will try any kind of food at least once
rep-1576	hello how are you today?	i am doing well . glad that monday is done and over with . how are you?	hello how are you today?	i am doing well . glad that monday is done and over with . how are you?	good what kind of music do you like? i am really into music myself!	i really like pop and rock music . how about you?	i like pink floyd but other kids my age not not into them .	i am sure there are kids your age who likes pink floyd	not around here . it is all country, rap or a weird fusion of the two .	oh . do you currently work, or in school?	i am still in middle school . are you still in school?	yes, i am in college . i am looking to be a fashion designer . how about you?	i want to be an actor when i get older .	are you in drama theatre in school?	of course i have been in school plays for years! i got the lead this year .	that is great! i always wanted to go into drama stuff but never got around to it
rep-1577	hi! do you enjoy walking? i am going out for a walk in my garden	i do enjoy walking! i love to put my headphones on and walk around .	hi! do you enjoy walking? i am going out for a walk in my garden
rep-1578	hi, how is it going?	very well, thank you . i am getting ready to make dinner . how are you?	hi, how is it going?	very well, thank you . i am getting ready to make dinner . how are you?	pretty good, just finished up working for the day, looking forward to dinner	what do you do? i work with horses on my parents ranch .	that sounds like a lot of work, carpentry is my craft . that and super dad of 3	i do not have any children, i am a newly wed .	my wife is awesome, helped me quit drinking 5 years ago already	that is an awesome wife! my husband is a cop .	she even tolerates me and my buddies playing poker, a cop sounds dangerous	he is heading to las vegas for a police softball tournament tomorrow .	good luck to his team! do you live in the city or more quite area?	we are in the country, we live on a 500 acre horse ranch,	well that sounds safer than a city for sure . i like rural areas .	i do too . would not live anywhere else .	total agreement, the kids have room to play, strangers are few and far between	exactly . the reason i will stay here, after i have kids.
rep-1579	hi there . how are you tonight?	good . is english your native tongue? it is mine .	hi there . how are you tonight?	good . is english your native tongue? it is mine .	yes it is . what do you do for work? i am employed at a research facility .	i work as an engineer, but i cannot stand any bugs that i find while working .	i have to clean cages at work . my real dream is to be a professional artist .	that sounds very creative . do you like music? bach is my favorite .	people donate their trash so i can make sculptures . i prefer mozart .	how cool you make sculptures . i love bacon and tried to make a sculpture with some.
rep-1580	hey , nice to meet you . what are you hobbies ?	hello , how are you today ? i fight for environmental rights .	hey , nice to meet you . what are you hobbies ?	hello , how are you today ? i fight for environmental rights .	oh cool . i am well . i grew up on a horse ranch . still there .	that sounds neat . i actually work selling homes . so you ranch ?	yes . i love taking care of my horses .	my kids would love to see your horses .
rep-1581	hi! what do you like to do? i like reading and video games	hello . i do not really play video games, but i am a big movie fan .	hi! what do you like to do? i like reading and video games	hello . i do not really play video games, but i am a big movie fan .	i like to read drama books that are sometimes made into movies	that is interesting . my favorite movie is napoleon dynamite . i even named my dog pedro .	haha funny . i love dogs since i am a veterinarian .	oh wow! i wanted to be a vet when i was a kid . i work in healthcare .	cool! i live in florida so lots of doctors here	very nice, i love florida . what are your hobbies? i enjoy baking, my favorite are muffins .	i travel back to my home state of california and read	so you have family in california?	yes i do . they always tell me jordan, move back home	i am sure they miss you . how long have you lived in florida?	since i moved here for vet school . where do you live?	i am from detroit . it is a tough place for a five foot tall woman .	i am sure you are tough!
rep-1582	hello , how are you tonight ?	i m doing ok how are you	hello , how are you tonight ?	i m doing ok how are you	very well , thank you . watching one tree hill	how do you like that so	it is my favorite . what is yours ?	i am not really into tv by i am more on animal	i am a nurse at a kids hospital , some of my patients watch animal planet .	no pictures of my parents both of them and relieve nearby in the mountains	that is interesting . i am a beach person .	i don t really know how to swim because of it but my cats and dogs	i am not comfortable in the mountains .	does the train go visit my three cats and dogs that are too	interesting , i am a catholic , do you practice ?
rep-1583	how are you doing today	i am great! i am sarah! how are you today?	how are you doing today	i am great! i am sarah! how are you today?	i am great listening to john denver	that sounds like fun . i am researching for my next trip .	where are you going to	going back to asia, just cannot decide the destination . any hobbies? i love travel .	what is it like ther	i love the culture . its very rich and diverse . i spent half of college there.
rep-1584	hello! good evening . how are you?	i am doing well . how about yourself?	hello! good evening . how are you?	i am doing well . how about yourself?	i am doing well a bit tired .	what did you do today?	i cleaned my home . what about you?	i took my dogs to the dog park .	how many dogs do you have?	i have two . a husky and a pitbull .	aww husky . i studied at uconn so we were husky
rep-1585	hi how are you doing i am okay .	i am doing very good ! i hope you had a very nice , relaxing sunday .	hi how are you doing i am okay .	i am doing very good ! i hope you had a very nice , relaxing sunday .	yes it was okay thank you so much i like walking . do you ?	i do , especially in the woods when i am out hunting . do you hunt ?	no not really but it seems to be a really fun activity .	it is ! i like to go with my father .	my work out is walking it is very good for the body . that is nice .	do you walk in your neighborhood ? i like to walk to my parents house .
rep-1586	hi , how are you ? studying for a test tomorrow .	hey ! me too , and i just got back from the arctic . studying what ?	hi , how are you ? studying for a test tomorrow .	hey ! me too , and i just got back from the arctic . studying what ?	have a test in childhood education tomorrow . wow about the arctic .	cool . i study international law . met my girlfriend abroad .	no boyfriend here , but playing tennis with a new guy tomorrow .	yeah ? active , huh . me too . i am flying out again after my exam .	yes , active . love sports and dancing to rap music .	my dog is better at dancing than i am !	i love dogs , but do not have one . i hang with several friends who do .
rep-1587	hi there, how is it going?	i am doing alright how are you?	hi there, how is it going?	i am doing alright how are you?	i am good, just spending some time online .	i just finished eating dinner with my family .	oh, i live alone in my apartment .	i would rather look at my fish tank by myself .	how old are you . i am 28.
rep-1588	i collect teddy bears . do you collect anything?	not really . i like to study, usually biology at the university .	i collect teddy bears . do you collect anything?	not really . i like to study, usually biology at the university .	i am a nurse . i spend a lot of time in classes.
rep-1589	hi, i knit, my father died in the military . i am not looking to make new friends .	good . i just got back from playing racquetball . gonna put on some oldies .	hi, i knit, my father died in the military . i am not looking to make new friends .	good . i just got back from playing racquetball . gonna put on some oldies .	merna jean is my best friend . we are children of immigrants . you?	born here . gonna retire in 5 years if i can .	great! i used to play tennis before i became a baby boomer.
rep-1590	hello , do you like tupac ?	i love tupac . he is great to listen to while weightlifting .	hello , do you like tupac ?	i love tupac . he is great to listen to while weightlifting .	i listen to him while playing tennis and running .	that sounds bold . you remind me of theodore roosevelt . who do you look up to ?	indiana jones . i want to be just like him .	i used to act out his movies at home with my sister .	my friends and i do that as well . it is so fun .	we should get together and act . we could pretend to rescue rabbits for my blog .	i have a blog as well , a photography one .	maybe i have seen it . my sister helps me distinguish red from green .	oh , you are color blind . my cousin is as well .	oh , coincidence ! it is weird looking at a picture of tim mcgraw differently than others .	who is tim mcgraw ? is he a writer ?	he is a country singer , but i bet he would write a great blog .
rep-1591	hello , how are you today ?	good ! i am in the army , stationed in south korea . it is a nice day here today .	hello , how are you today ?	good ! i am in the army , stationed in south korea . it is a nice day here today .	it is rainy here . i am in new york .	i am from puerto rico originally . how do you like new york ?	it is all i have ever known , with the exception of pilgrimages to israel .	oh , wow ! i bet israel is an interesting place to visit .
rep-1592	how are you doing today ?	i m good i just spent time with my family	how are you doing today ?	i m good i just spent time with my family	well , i was listening taylor swift !
rep-1593	hello, how are you today?	good! i am in the army, stationed in south korea . it is a nice day here today .	hello, how are you today?	good! i am in the army, stationed in south korea . it is a nice day here today .	it is rainy here . i am in new york .	i am from puerto rico originally . how do you like new york?	it is all i have ever known, with the exception of pilgrimages to israel .	oh, wow! i bet israel is an interesting place to visit .	yes it is . they have bakeries that have savory treats, as i do not eat sweet .	that is very cool . how old are you? i am twenty .	i am 23 . do you like jazz?	i am more of a pop music person	i love tupac . do you watch the office?	i wish! i mostly just train and wait for my next mission.
rep-1594	hey , tell me about yourself ?	hi there ! want to play some poker ? i love it !	hey , tell me about yourself ?	hi there ! want to play some poker ? i love it !	i would love to ! my sisters and brother sand i have a family game going online .	we cant drink alcohol while playing , though . i quit 5 years back .	that is a healthy decision .	my wife and 3 boys would skin me alive !	charlie , my dog , just stole my dinner and ran off ! it was eggplant , my favorite .	i am so busy doing carpentry that i do not meet many people as friends .	i hear you . i miss my parents back in australia .	wow ! get back here , charlie ! are you vegetarian ?	not fully but i do not eat meat that often .	i see . so your from australia ?	i am . i moved to the states to be a stock broker .	wow ! big money there . you will be able to go visit at least .
rep-1595	hi how are you doing tonight ?	i am alright , just listening to music . you ?	hi how are you doing tonight ?	i am alright , just listening to music . you ?	i am doing a lot of studying for law school	that sounds intense . i am only in my last year of college now	it is intense . i wish i could travel more but i am so busy studying	it will pay off one day !	i hope so . i want to propose to my live in girlfriend	oh my gosh , that is wonderful ! i am sure she will say yes	i hope so ! are you in a relationship ?	i am too busy with sports .	what sports do you play ? i like adventure like zip lining in the rainforest
rep-1596	how are you today ? i am sitting at the stock market . slow day .
rep-1597	hi , how are you this morning ?	i am fine . i am getting off my job just now .	hi , how are you this morning ?	i am fine . i am getting off my job just now .	what do you do for a living ?	i am a lifeguard . and i also sell insurance .	that is interesting . i am still in college but i hope to become a teacher
rep-1598	hello, how are you doing?	so tired . just got off job 1 and off to job 2 soon . you?	hello, how are you doing?	so tired . just got off job 1 and off to job 2 soon . you?	i am reading fashion magazines .	oh, do you like that kind of stuff? models, shoes, fashion?	yeah, i want to learn to make clothes .	like movie costumes and stuff like that?	just every day clothes like dresses or shirts .	you should try making costumes, like fantasy costumes	okay, i will think about it . have you done that before?	no, but i love the costumes in the lord of the rings .	yes, that sounds like a fun job if you can get it .	i think i would rather write than make clothes or costumes	do you want to write fantasy books?	i sure do! i am a major fan!
rep-1599	hi . how is it going ? my name is carson	hey there how are you ?	hi . how is it going ? my name is carson
rep-1600	i just ran around when it s about paranormal	whoa! that is freaky! how is that done?	i just ran around when it s about paranormal	whoa! that is freaky! how is that done?	oh it s because of those novels paranormal mall i ve read	you like books huh? i actually sell paranormal books?	yeah i might probably visit but i work very busy at my moms restaurant part time	sweet . maybe you can trade food for books . do you cater to omnivores?	this makes me excited and i m a musically stuttering only pizza
rep-1601	what do you like to do ?	animal lover living in the mountain area who teaches	what do you like to do ?	animal lover living in the mountain area who teaches
rep-1602	hey there how are you today ?	hi . good . just quilting tonight . tomorrow night i will cross stitch .	hey there how are you today ?	hi . good . just quilting tonight . tomorrow night i will cross stitch .	i spend a great deal of time at school	that is great ! education here is great . my parents taught me to value it .	i love the ocean me an my friends explore together	my parents came here from across the ocean . proud immigrants .
rep-1603	hi , do you like sports ? i love softball	i am more of a reader
rep-1604	hi i am a bit shy but it is nice to meet you	i met alot of shy people when i studied abroad it is ok	hi i am a bit shy but it is nice to meet you	i met alot of shy people when i studied abroad it is ok
rep-1605	hi how are you doing tonight?	i am alright, just listening to music . you?	hi how are you doing tonight?	i am alright, just listening to music . you?	i am doing a lot of studying for law school	that sounds intense . i am only in my last year of college now	it is intense . i wish i could travel more but i am so busy studying	it will pay off one day!	i hope so . i want to propose to my live in girlfriend	oh my gosh, that is wonderful! i am sure she will say yes	i hope so! are you in a relationship?	i am too busy with sports .	what sports do you play? i like adventure like zip lining in the rainforest	i play basketball for my university	awesome! what position do you play?	i am a point guard
rep-1606	hi there how are you doing ?	i am good thanks . just got my nails done . you ?	hi there how are you doing ?	i am good thanks . just got my nails done . you ?
rep-1607	hey , where do you work ?	i am a music teacher , what are you ?	hey , where do you work ?	i am a music teacher , what are you ?	i only work part time right now at a restaurant that my mother owns .	do you have a big family ?	oh yeah , six sisters that are older and 1 younger brother , you ?	just my parents and my older sibling	what do you like to do in your free time ?	i like to make music and you ?	i like to read romance novels about paranormal experiences with ghosts and aliens .
rep-1608	hey, where do you work?	i am a music teacher, what are you?	hey, where do you work?	i am a music teacher, what are you?	i only work part time right now at a restaurant that my mother owns .	do you have a big family?	oh yeah, six sisters that are older and 1 younger brother, you?	just my parents and my older sibling	what do you like to do in your free time?	i like to make music and you?	i like to read romance novels about paranormal experiences with ghosts and aliens .	ghosts scare me but i think that is because i am so small	what do you mean when you say that you are small?	i am only five foot	that sounds like it could be disadvantageous . i have a stutter which really makes life difficult .	that sounds like it might be difficult	what type of music do you like to make?	any and all types of music
rep-1609	good evening! how are you today?	i am fine i have to make sure all my babies are healthy	good evening! how are you today?	i am fine i have to make sure all my babies are healthy	i stay healthy by surfing and i do skate as well .	i do not have time for surfing with my pediatrician carrer	i model high end fashion and occasionally i act, too .	wow i am, in the presents of a model	yes but do not count on me to sing for you . that is not my thing .	when i am not in the doctors office i play jazz	when i move to nyc, i hope to hear some jazz on the streets.
rep-1610	hello , have you had dinner yet ?	i did , salad and water .	hello , have you had dinner yet ?	i did , salad and water .	i live in water , at the bottom of the sea .	are you on a submarine ? i work labor and delivery at the hospital .	no , i am not . i have a tail for feet and long hair .	oh , your a mermaid , that would be nice . you live in water and i only drink it .	yes , i am ! i spend most of my day studying .	i spend all my time at work or the gym . do you have kids ?	no , i do not . maybe one day , i am still in school .	i do not want any , i like living alone .	i like animals and sea creatures . i would like a human friend as well .
rep-1611	hi! what is your favorite movie? mine is dark knight	my favourite movie is the good the bad and the ugly
rep-1612	hello , how are you tonight ? i am looking at the fishing maps .	well the weather definitely is good for fishing .	hello , how are you tonight ? i am looking at the fishing maps .	well the weather definitely is good for fishing .	i am waiting for the lake to ice over .	oh , ice fishing . you better bundle up for that and hope for cold weather .	i have been doing this for decades . i study the ice shelves .	oh . i train dogs . i get to work indoors , a bit warmer .	that sounds interesting . i hunt polar bears .	boy , you really like hunting and fishing . not me , sweets i love .	i am an artic explorer on the side , lo	you really like cold weather . take pictures of yourself while exploring .	no , i am not into self photography like most narcissists .	oh , i would not say i am a narcissists , just like sharing my adventures .
rep-1613	how are you doing today	i am great ! i am sarah ! how are you today ?	how are you doing today	i am great ! i am sarah ! how are you today ?	i am great listening to john denver	that sounds like fun . i am researching for my next trip .	where are you going to	going back to asia , just can not decide the destination . any hobbies ? i love travel .	what is it like ther	i love the culture . its very rich and diverse . i spent half of college there .	what did you do in college	i studied anthropology and world religion .
rep-1614	hi , how are you today ?	i am good just spending time with my dog . how are you	hi , how are you today ?	i am good just spending time with my dog . how are you	fine thanks , listening to some music	what kind of music do you listen to ?	jazz , i enjoy jazz a lot .	i do sometimes . i also enjoy taking long walks . do you ?	not really , kinda lazy . but i don t eat sweet
rep-1615	hello there . where are you from?	i am from canada . how about you?	hello there . where are you from?	i am from canada . how about you?	interesting . i am from pennsylvania in the us .	wow, how is it there?	it is okay . nothing special!	do you get into politics?	sometime . i try to be well rounded in discussion .	i love to listen to debates .	which presidential candidate from the past did you enjoy listening to most?
rep-1616	hi how are you today?	great . and how are you doing	hi how are you today?	great . and how are you doing	i am well great at multi tasking are you? i like to use trash for projects
rep-1617	hello i am ray i am 20 years old	that is ironic, my dad is named ray . he lives with my mom in australia	hello i am ray i am 20 years old	that is ironic, my dad is named ray . he lives with my mom in australia
rep-1618	hey there how are you today ? i hate dogs i run everytime	i am good . just watching the office .	hey there how are you today ? i hate dogs i run everytime	i am good . just watching the office .	like to eat ? i love to cook .	i am eating a carrot , i do not eat anything sweet .	that is cool i want too	tell me something about yourself .	i am a hopeless romantic for sure .	i happen to be jewish .	really ? how is that going for you ?	good . where do you live ? i live in ny .	i live in ohio i am tired	i really like living here , so much to do .	i bet it is more then there is here	one day i would like to move to the west coast though .	really ? it is cool at 32 here	are you in a relationship ?
rep-1619	hey , wanna go for a walk ?	probably not , but how has your day been ?	hey , wanna go for a walk ?	probably not , but how has your day been ?	pretty good . i took my cat to the vet .
rep-1620	hey how are you ?	i just got home from a nice nature hike . do you like the outdoors ?	hey how are you ?	i just got home from a nice nature hike . do you like the outdoors ?	yes i love the outdoors since i am usually stuck inside for work	hiking gives me inspiration for my drawing class . do you like art ?	i like music my favorite is rush , music is like art right ?	yes ! what kind of work do you do indoors ?	i sell space in data centers so i do not have any windows	i would put wierd stickers all over the walls ! do you have any hobbies ?
rep-1621	good morning . how are you?	i am alright, how are you?	good morning . how are you?	i am alright, how are you?	up too early, but that is the best time for surfing.
rep-1622	hello, are u a fun of politics?	yes, i am going to school right now . are you in school?	hello, are u a fun of politics?	yes, i am going to school right now . are you in school?	yes and i want to be a student leader .	that is cool, i only have two more years left . you?	i also have the same time left for me to be in school	nice, i am studying law . how about you?	what are your plans after school? i study accounting .	i do not know i just want success . that is cool . any siblings?	yes . i have a young sister who is 10 years old	i am an only child . that must be fun .	i almost grew up as an only child because my parents took long to get her .	that is pretty wild . what is your name?	1 my name is charles graham	that is a cool name charles.
rep-1623	hi there ! where are you from ?	mississippi . best jazz around ! how about you ?	hi there ! where are you from ?	mississippi . best jazz around ! how about you ?	california ! not much jazz around here though !	i was just there for a vintage car show . nice state !	my best friend eve 9000 and i like car shows sometimes !	your best friend is eve 9000 ? is that an ai ?	yes she is a robot but sometimes i forget .	how exciting ! how did you meet ?	my dad built her and we became friends since i do not go to public school
rep-1624	hello , i love fashion and hope to be a doctor one day . you ?	hello , i am an accountant from ohio . i have two boys and i am single .	hello , i love fashion and hope to be a doctor one day . you ?	hello , i am an accountant from ohio . i have two boys and i am single .
rep-1625	hello . how are you doing today ?	doing well ! washing dishes after work . what about you ?	hello . how are you doing today ?	doing well ! washing dishes after work . what about you ?	thankfully not doing that ! my best friend does those . he is a robot .	can not say that i have a robot friend ! would help at my job though .	i do not work . i am in school homeschooled , actually .	so you get to learn while in pajamas ! neat !	indeed ! where are you from ? i am from california .	nebraska . so there is not much to do here . i enjoy bird hunting here .	do you bird hunt a lot ?	only when my company does not have me repairing properties , yes !	you have got to love that work !	i do . been doing it my whole life .	fantastic ! what are your hobbies ? my love is to cosplay .	well , fishing as well ! except i am not allowed to eat shellfish	why can you not eat shellfish ?	i get sick and have a severe allergic reaction
rep-1626	how are you doing today?	i m good i just spent time with my family	how are you doing today?	i m good i just spent time with my family	well, i was listening taylor swift!	is that what you need your free time listen to music i read for my	yeah, i also ride horses	i do you bake cookies homemade for my kids	how many kids do you have	i only have two for now but i want a huge number of family	do you have girls? or?	i have one boy and one girl then my husband do his own business running it	i am sure that is a lot of money! i actually want to paint my room!
rep-1627	hi how are you doing i am good .	hi . i am doing pretty well . listening to heart , the band . you like music ?	hi how are you doing i am good .	hi . i am doing pretty well . listening to heart , the band . you like music ?	yes music lover i started listening to bluegrass music .	nice . my three daughters all like bluegrass .	i was born with a tail and it got removed thank god .	whoa . crazy stuff . my dad was a firefighter . he told me lots of crazy stories .	i am a expert in skating yes i know l . o . l sorry for the slowness .	no worries . i am patient . i get that from my mom . she was a teacher .	so cool sounds like your parents are nice , i can not eat chips .	really ? do they make you sick ? my ex makes me sick , lol .	love is something but a gift right . you still love .
rep-1628	hi there how are you doing?	i am good thanks . just got my nails done . you?	hi there how are you doing?	i am good thanks . just got my nails done . you?	i am pretty well getting ready for martial arts class	fun . what else do you like to do?	playing softball . and mentoring teens mostly	do you like the beach?	i do enjoy the sounds of waves yes
rep-1629	hello, how are you today?	hello i am doing well . hanging out with my dog pedro	hello, how are you today?	hello i am doing well . hanging out with my dog pedro	what kind of dog is he?	he is a yorkie . perfect size for me since i am only five feet tall .	how old is your dog?
rep-1630	hello how are you this evening?	hello good i start my first in college next year	hello how are you this evening?	hello good i start my first in college next year	awesome! i plan on starting hairdresser school	my parent are forcing me to become a doctor	being a doctor is good but do not like that youre being forced	since they brought me a volkswagen they been acting controlling	too bad . i have a fish aquarium with exotic fish its beautiful	cool . i love the mall and fashion	i also have a very neat vintage 50	what is a vintage 50	i pressed enter by mistake lol a vintage 50s collection of cool stuff	wow i would love to see that it sounds cool	yes . a bit of trivia about me . for breakfast i eat granola almost everyday	hmm . i just turned 17 and in my last year of hs
rep-1631	hey there how are you ?	hello , i am doing great today what about you ?	hey there how are you ?	hello , i am doing great today what about you ?	i am well just tired , all the little ones in my class are busy
rep-1632	good evening, i am taking a study break, how are you tonight?	i am well . i just got home from hairdresser school .	good evening, i am taking a study break, how are you tonight?	i am well . i just got home from hairdresser school .	that is awesome, it is really tough being a two year law student .	try having to cook for two sons after school! ha ha
rep-1633	did you know that working at whole foods means you can ride a horse to work ? !	not really , i am studying at the university up state learning biology .	did you know that working at whole foods means you can ride a horse to work ? !	not really , i am studying at the university up state learning biology .	that is cool . hoping to go to med school ?	marine biology actually , still a student but i do not party .	neither do i . instead i paint in my spare time . often times it is a city landscape	that is nice , i was born and raised in the united states have you painted there ?	yup , i live in the us . a major west coast city in fact .	awesome , we should chat more often . well i am very busy with my study .	and i am budy analyzing taylor swift lyrics . did you know they can contain hidden messages ? !
rep-1634	hi how are you today	i am well, studying for an exam	hi how are you today	i am well, studying for an exam	for college or for what?	yes college . working on a degree in marine biology	nice i love fish and that stuff
rep-1635	hello! i am so happy it is finally fall!	i am too, it really is my favorite season!	hello! i am so happy it is finally fall!	i am too, it really is my favorite season!	mine too! the weather is so perfect for ultimate frisbee .	it is also the best season for fashions, my future goals include being a designer!	my future goal is to find a girlfriend for timothy, my turtle .	aww so sweet! i have put relationships on hold, but someday i see kids in my life .	i am not ready for a relationship right now, even though i love people .	i raised myself with my parents gone, then was caught stealing, so i am working on me .	i am doing the same .	i have a rocky background too, my best friend stole my high school sweetheart .	aww . how horrible . the man i love lives in another state, 1800 miles away.
rep-1636	i am in school to be a nurse .	great , i am also a student for 2 more years	i am in school to be a nurse .	great , i am also a student for 2 more years	that is awesome ! ever since marty went i have been attached to my sister !	oh , i do not have siblings so i am not sure what that is like	it is nice . to help people as a nurse too i understand peoples pain .	are you in a hospital treating folks
rep-1637	hello, you play monopoly? i do . i read 52 books a year . you?	wow, that is great! i collect small bears .	hello, you play monopoly? i do . i read 52 books a year . you?	wow, that is great! i collect small bears.
rep-1638	hi . how are you? sittin on the beach myself .	hello, i am ok just hanging out here . do you have pets?	hi . how are you? sittin on the beach myself .	hello, i am ok just hanging out here . do you have pets?	no, no pets . but i loves horses, they are my favorite .	i work as a carpenter, stay at home mostly . kinda a loner
rep-1639	hi , have any plans for this sunday ?	i do i plan to skip school	hi , have any plans for this sunday ?	i do i plan to skip school	do you want to come watch football with me ?	i would love to , do they have any fashion shows on as well
rep-1640	hi , what do you do ?	i just graduated . working at a fast food joint now .	hi , what do you do ?	i just graduated . working at a fast food joint now .	nice , do you like music ? whenever i am not working i listen to music	what kind of music ? i just work to help my aunt and uncle out .	mostly rap , i like a lot of art
rep-1641	hi ! what do you like to do ? i like reading and video games	hello . i do not really play video games , but i am a big movie fan .	hi ! what do you like to do ? i like reading and video games	hello . i do not really play video games , but i am a big movie fan .	i like to read drama books that are sometimes made into movies	that is interesting . my favorite movie is napoleon dynamite . i even named my dog pedro .	haha funny . i love dogs since i am a veterinarian .
rep-1642	hello i love living in new york	hello, do they have great italian restaurants like they do in italy there?	hello i love living in new york	hello, do they have great italian restaurants like they do in italy there?	yes and i love to eat	i love to travel, i am hoping to take my dog with me to europe .	i love music and dislike sweets	i love tiramisu . it is one of lifes greatest pleasures .	yes it is . being a jew i enjoy it	have you made a pilgrimage to israel? i went and it was lovely .	no i have not . i do not have much times these days	you really should go . there is so much to see .	i will have to make a date to go soon
rep-1643	hello . how are you today ?	oh i am fine , just trying to find a good movie to watch .	hello . how are you today ?	oh i am fine , just trying to find a good movie to watch .	i am binge watching lord of the rings . you should watch it .	i have not seen that , just finished game of thrones whew !	i absolutely love fantasy . i cannot wait until i start writing them .	i write as well since i hate exercise or physical stuff .
rep-1644	hi how are you doing	very good , how are you today ?	hi how are you doing	very good , how are you today ?	i am good just made breakfast	yummy ! i love to cook , but that makes me unhappy about my weight	oh that is too bad you should find some yummy healthy recipes	yes i should , but my three kids like junk food lol	haha of course they do maybe sneak in healthy things in their dinner	it is hard to eat together , since i work days and my husband works overnights	oh wow that sounds like a busy schedule	do you have any pets ? we have cats , which we love
rep-1645	good morning , how are you today ?	i am fine thank you how is your day going ?	good morning , how are you today ?	i am fine thank you how is your day going ?	very well . just got my kid sister to school , now on to the gym .	that is nice of you do you work out often or in your spare time ?	i am a body builder , and a blogger . what do you do ?	i am a stay at home mom
rep-1646	did you pull your tag on elk this year? i have been spotting up by the wolf ridge.
rep-1647	hi there how are you doing?	hi! i am doing well . how about you?	hi there how are you doing?	hi! i am doing well . how about you?	great here . just enjoying the quiet afternoon	i am listening to rap music	oh that music gives me headaches i like my oldies .	i go to the gym a lot	that is a healthy hobby . i cannot do much gym any more	walking can be good exercise	i do do that . walk my granddaughter to school everyday	oh spending time with your granddaughter must be great . how old is she?
rep-1648	hi how are you doing ?	hello , i am doing great , how are you this evening ?	hi how are you doing ?	hello , i am doing great , how are you this evening ?	i am doing great , what is your favorite hobby ?	photography , i do not drive in nyc , so i take photos whenever i walk .	your pictures is really interesting then , nyc is a very nice place .
rep-1649	hi, big time k singer here . what is your hobby?	what is a k singer? i am 17 years old and focused on graduating high school .	hi, big time k singer here . what is your hobby?
rep-1650	hello there , how are you today ?	just as fantastic as i possibly can be and yourself ?	hello there , how are you today ?	just as fantastic as i possibly can be and yourself ?	i am doing so good thank you ! lots of studying tonight for me .	what are you studying , may i ask ?	i am studying law currently . kind of a challenge but worth it !
rep-1651	hi , i knit , my father died in the military . i am not looking to make new friends .	good . i just got back from playing racquetball . gonna put on some oldies .	hi , i knit , my father died in the military . i am not looking to make new friends .	good . i just got back from playing racquetball . gonna put on some oldies .	merna jean is my best friend . we are children of immigrants . you ?	born here . gonna retire in 5 years if i can .
rep-1652	hi , i am married and have a husband , he is my world , i love him	my collection of stickers and poetry are mine lol	hi , i am married and have a husband , he is my world , i love him
rep-1653	hi there how are you doing ?	i am good , thanks ! and you ?	hi there how are you doing ?	i am good , thanks ! and you ?	feeling pretty well . have a gig to get ready for shortly	you performing there or going as audience member ?	performing , it is a secondary lead part i want . as long as i am not singing	aww , all the best to you ! i just finished baking a cake for my kids and hubby .	hot dam send me some too ! do you like surfing or skating ?	sending you a slice ! i do not like either . i enjoy reading .
rep-1654	hey there how are you today?	i am good . you? what do you do for a living?	hey there how are you today?	i am good . you? what do you do for a living?	i am in the stock market industry	i used to by a geology teacher . now, i go arctic exploring . ice is interesting .	how about yourself? i miss my old folks .	i am in search for lost explorers . i want to help them to go home .	really? where are you looking at?	north pole . it is where i learn to ice fish and hunt polar bears to eat .	cool, any pets i have 1, charlie .	i have a husky . he is my true companion in the harsh cold weather .	i bet! whats your favorite food?	i really miss a bowl of spaghetti and meatballs . yours?	no only i like eggplant parmigiana, ever had it?	yes, i have . it is pretty tasty .	yes it is, have you ever been to my country?	where is your country? where are you from?
rep-1655	hi ! you read books ? i love reading mysteries .	yes ! i do art so i love all forms of expression	hi ! you read books ? i love reading mysteries .	yes ! i do art so i love all forms of expression	lovely ! my kids love reading too . i have seven of them !	wow that is a handful	haha . i also grew up in a large family on a large farm .	i am scared my kids will get my webbed toes	i hope not ! i am a truck driver . what do you do for a living ?	cleaner at research facility by day , artist by night	nice ! you paint ? blue is my favorite color .	more sculpture , i turn others trash into projects	that is interesting . can you sculpt david ?	i could try , i am only five feet so cannot make anything too tall	haha . get a big stool . you can do it !	i have a big personality for this little body so i do not give up	you know what they say . good things come in little packages !
rep-1656	hi! what is your name?	amanda . what do they call you?	hi! what is your name?
rep-1657	i collect teddy bears . do you collect anything ?	not really . i like to study , usually biology at the university .	i collect teddy bears . do you collect anything ?	not really . i like to study , usually biology at the university .	i am a nurse . i spend a lot of time in classes .	so you understand ! i love to study ! i am not much of a drinker .	i study if i have to but it is not a favorite activity of mine .	so you want to be a nurse ? i would like to be a marine biologist .
rep-1658	how is your day going? i am just an old tired man	it is okay . thankfully, i did not have court today .	how is your day going? i am just an old tired man
rep-1659	hey there . . how are you doing today ?	great ! just grading some papers and throwing some things in the crock pot .	hey there . . how are you doing today ?	great ! just grading some papers and throwing some things in the crock pot .
rep-1660	good evening, i am taking a study break, how are you tonight?	i am well . i just got home from hairdresser school .	good evening, i am taking a study break, how are you tonight?	i am well . i just got home from hairdresser school .	that is awesome, it is really tough being a two year law student .	try having to cook for two sons after school! ha ha	i bet that can be challenging, it sounds like success is important to both of us.
rep-1661	do you want to go to the gym with me?	no i am just on my lunch break	do you want to go to the gym with me?	no i am just on my lunch break	i like being alone anyway .	i might be good company my english is getting better	you already rejected me though .	just for the gym whats going on latter?	drinking some water alone probably .	do you like classical music?	i have no opinion .	i am going to a concert for bach want to come?	yes, after the gym maybe	i am up for anything but bug related expos	i do not like bugs .	i have a huge fear of all insects
rep-1662	hello . i am eating sausage and bacon for breakfast . what are you having ?	i just finished bacon and pancakes .	hello . i am eating sausage and bacon for breakfast . what are you having ?	i just finished bacon and pancakes .	as a doctor i should know to eat less bacon but it is just so god	that is true . i am studying to become a fashion designer .	so cool ! since i am into bodybuilding i do not wear many clothes	i lifted weights in prison . i did some time for stealing .	oh so did my brother . my secretary mom was so upset about it	my parents do not care about me . they are hardly ever around .
rep-1663	hi here i am in sunny california . where do you live ?
rep-1664	how is it going? what are you up to?	good just reading a book about traveling .	how is it going? what are you up to?	good just reading a book about traveling .	sounds interesting . how was your day at work?	pretty good . i was happy that i could take a long walk over lunch .	i run a lot and walk .	sounds like we have that in common . what else do you enjoy?	studying . trying to get my high school degree!	that is great! any particular subjects you enjoy?	anything science . do you have pets?	i have a big dog that loves long walks . do you have any pets?	no . i am scared of animals and cannot have any in my small apartment .	i understand . i would like to travel to europe soon . do you have aspirations?	i would like to have a high paying job . i am stuck at burger king for now .	that is a good goal . a good paying job would help me get to europe too.
rep-1665	hello ! can you believe that i am going to college next year ?	that is awesome ! where are you planning to go ?	hello ! can you believe that i am going to college next year ?	that is awesome ! where are you planning to go ?	auburn . i thought i would study fashion but i think will become a doctor .	fun stuff . . . i went to school to be a vet but i clean kennels now
rep-1666	good morning how are you	tired after driving my truck for delivery . on the road for 19 hours .	good morning how are you	tired after driving my truck for delivery . on the road for 19 hours .	you know what would make your day feel shorter ? some good oldies music	i like music but love mystery books more . have any children ?
rep-1667	hi my name is john	hi john my name is marie , nice to meet you .	hi my name is john	hi john my name is marie , nice to meet you .	are you an animal person ?	oh yes i love animals . how about you ?	me too . i have two large huskies named jack and jill	i have two small dogs , max and marsha and a cat named ginger .	do you train them ? mine like to catch frisbees .	we do , though mostly they ignore us . what do you do for work john ?	i am a bagger at a grocery store .	nice ! i work with the elderly helping them care for their daily needs .	that sounds interesting . i did not finish school so i do not have a lot of options	you always have options ! what are your passions ?	mostly frisbee and my dogs but i am not much of a people person .	well maybe you could find a job as a dog trainer ! you never know !
rep-1668	hi how are you today	great and how are you?	hi how are you today	great and how are you?	pretty good do you work?	yes i fix hair, how about you	i work as a secretary	cool . i love christmas, what is your favorite holiday	christmas is probably mine too haha	awesome!!! i love all the decorations	what is your favorite color?
rep-1669	hello , how are you tonight ? are you watching the office	hi ! i am well , thanks . i actually just got back from a hike .	hello , how are you tonight ? are you watching the office	hi ! i am well , thanks . i actually just got back from a hike .
rep-1670	hello, how are you today?	good . i am just painting a picture of my horses .	hello, how are you today?	good . i am just painting a picture of my horses .	i love horses! do you have a farm?
rep-1671	hey! i just got back from working at the grocery store .	that is cool! what do you do there? i just got home from dance	hey! i just got back from working at the grocery store .	that is cool! what do you do there? i just got home from dance	stocking mostly . after hours the girl in charge blasts taylor swift.
rep-1672	hi , how are you today ?	good , i am in sales , what do you do for your work ?	hi , how are you today ?	good , i am in sales , what do you do for your work ?	i am enjoying a glass of wine , and you ?	i am listening to rush , i love them	i work from home as a skater	cool beans , do you have any other hobbies then sales ?	i like bluegrass , have you heard of that music ?	yeah but i do not like it	well , i like to read and watch youtube videos and you ?	i like to eat meat and plants , i eat both	fun fact about me is that i had a tail at birth , it was removed .	yeah my friend had that removed at his wedding last week when i attended	it was removed right way thou so i do not remember it .
rep-1673	hey how are you today?	i am well . how about you?	hey how are you today?	i am well . how about you?	i am a bit sore from doing tae kwan do .	nice! i just signed up for a jujitsu class! so far it seems fun .	nice, i am a state champion .	wow! that is amazing! do you do anything else to help support your tae kwan do?	no . my dad teaches me and it is his life .	ok, i run to help keep my mind clear .	nice, how often do you run?	at least 5 times a week . do you have any other hobbies? work?	i enjoy going on rollercoasters .	oh i hate them . xd	lol why do they make you sick?
rep-1674	hi how are you today	i am great , how are you ?	hi how are you today	i am great , how are you ?	pretty good do you work	i am in publishing , heading to nyc next year for my job	do you get your nails done ?
rep-1675	hi here i am in sunny california . where do you live ?	i live in florida but my family is from toronto	hi here i am in sunny california . where do you live ?
rep-1676	i just found out my friend is getting married . i do not know if that is good or bad	that is great ! family is awesome . mine lives down the street from me .	i just found out my friend is getting married . i do not know if that is good or bad	that is great ! family is awesome . mine lives down the street from me .	i was just at my other friends wedding last week but not me , i am single	are you conservative ? i am .	all of my family is an hour away . i moved for a better job in sales	hopefully the pay is worth it ! do you like ford or chevy ? my truck is a ford .
rep-1677	greeting today my friend! how are you today?	i am doing well, i am taking a break from building a tree house .	greeting today my friend! how are you today?	i am doing well, i am taking a break from building a tree house .	cool, as long as you do not harm the tree .	i have been building tree houses for over 40 years now, the tree is safe . .	i get worried about the world something .	why are you worried about the world?	i just worry about how people harm the environment	yeah, humans have been rough on our plant . do you have any other hobbies?
rep-1678	hi, how are you? studying for a test tomorrow .	hey! me too, and i just got back from the arctic . studying what?	hi, how are you? studying for a test tomorrow .	hey! me too, and i just got back from the arctic . studying what?
rep-1679	hi there . how are you	i am good . just got back from a run .	hi there . how are you	i am good . just got back from a run .	sounds fun . i just finished my favorite show one tree hill	do you have any kids ?	i have two . boy and a girl	i have two boys , 2 and 4 .	sweet . good ages . mine are 12 and 9 .	what do you do for a living ?	i am a registered nurse in the pediatric wing at the hospital here	oh cool ! i am actually a pediatrician !	small world ! look at us go hah	do you have any hobbies ?	eating pizza , and reading tarot cards	i love anything to do with vintage cars .	vintage cars are beautiful . a lot of them anyway
rep-1680	hello , how are you tonight ?	i am hungry how about you ?	hello , how are you tonight ?	i am hungry how about you ?	i could eat , lol . i have two boys and they are always hungry .	i have a dog . i love animals
rep-1681	barbecue is my favorite food to cook .	oh no , i do not like barbecue because i do not like to eat animals .	barbecue is my favorite food to cook .	oh no , i do not like barbecue because i do not like to eat animals .	what do you like to eat ? maybe i need to do the same .	ice cream is one of my favourite foods .	i need to workout . i usually try to on the weekends .	i should work out more , i walk my dogs every day .	i work a lot . what do you do for work ? i drive a forklift .	that is cool , i work on the mountains . do you have pets ?	yes i do have pets . i have 8 dogs , 7 cats and 17 birds .	that is a lot ! i have 3 cats and 2 dogs .
rep-1682	you will never guess who i am .	hehe who are you ? did we chat before ?	you will never guess who i am .	hehe who are you ? did we chat before ?	i am the singer in a super popular band .	awww . what is your name ?	i can not tell you , do not want to blow my cover .
rep-1683	hello . how are you tonight? long day of advertising.
rep-1684	hello . how are you ? tell me about yourself .	hello well i love ice tea , country music , and love traveling hbu ?	hello . how are you ? tell me about yourself .	hello well i love ice tea , country music , and love traveling hbu ?	i am a fan of bluegrass personally . i even play	that is cool , my friends and i love to relax to bluegrass	i get to travel too when i am competing	what do you compete in ? i compete in swimming	i am a skateboarder for a living . i got into it while working at hollister	that is cool , do you live in the states ?	i do . i am from cali . you ?	i live in toronto canada	cool . how is it ? is it cold ?	super cold ! cali sounds nice about right now !	it is scorching . the state is experiencing a major drought and an onslaught of fires	ohhhh nooo i will send you the snow !	i gladly accept your offer .
rep-1685	hello , how are you today ?	great ! how are you ?	hello , how are you today ?	great ! how are you ?	i am doing well ! listening to tim mcgraw . he is my favorite singer .	heart is my favorite band , but i like some country too .	what do you do for a living ?	i am a mom to three kids so whatever i need to . you	i am an olympic medal bodybuilder and i blog about rabbit rescues .	my girls want a pet rabbit soon , any advice ?	have a sturdy cage and always make sure they have food and water .	how did you start body building ? that is quite impressive too	teddy roosevelt did it , and he is my idol . who is your idol ?	anne or nancy wilson . strong women all the way !	my sister likes them . i live with her . she helps me with my disability .	neat . my oldest helps with her sisters a lot since the divorce it is just us	that is nice . divorce is hard . how long were you married ?	long enough for three kids . are you married ?
rep-1686	where did you grow up?	in macedonia . i came in the usa when i was 16 . what about you?	where did you grow up?	in macedonia . i came in the usa when i was 16 . what about you?	wisconsin born and raised . macedonia seems exotic .	yeah it is . what is your nationality?	american, like apple pie . never left the country .	that is nice . how old are you?	i am 29, my two brothers are 20	they seems they are twins .	they are twins, not identical though .	what do you mean? identical?	one is tall and has brown hair, one is short and blonde .	aww that is very interesting . do you work?
rep-1687	hello, how are you this morning? did you get your walk in yet?	hello i am fine i cannot walk i am disabled	hello, how are you this morning? did you get your walk in yet?
rep-1688	how are you doing today?	i am great! how are you doing on this fine evening?	how are you doing today?	i am great! how are you doing on this fine evening?	good . just eating some pizza on my night off .	cool . i only eat kosher meat so i have to make my own pizzas .	homemade pizzas are the best . what kind of work do you do?	i work in advertising . how about you?	i am a nurse at a kids hospital . long days, but kids make it fun .	awww, how fulfilling! so are you enjoying your pizza all alone or with friends?	with my family . about to veg out on some netflix .	just the significant other, or do you have kids of your own?	i have one child who is with a friend tonight .	awesome, so just spouse time tonight? i know nursing hours can be hard on quality time .	he is actually playing the xbox . the kiddo does not always share .	ha! i know those feels . how long have you been married?	14 years this year . how about you?
rep-1689	hello , how are you this evening ?	its a great night here in the mountains , you ?	hello , how are you this evening ?	its a great night here in the mountains , you ?	its chilly here in ohio .	i do not mind chilly . i do not like snow though	i do not like to be cold , though snow is beautiful .	the snow makes it hard to walk the dogs , do you have pets ?	i do not . my dog passed a few years ago .	that is always hard . i love pets . besides my 2 dogs there are 3 cats	i am going to school next year , for marine biology .	that sounds great . my parents both taught science
rep-1690	hello , how are you doing this evening ?	i am good ! and you ?	hello , how are you doing this evening ?	i am good ! and you ?	doing well , thank you . did you do anything special today ?	i just got done laying carpet !	did it turn out nicely ? is that what you do for a living ?	it is indeed what i do ! i like it , it is good pay !	good for you ! probably keep in shape too !	yes , it does ! also , i was just hanging with my wife and 3 girls	that is what i do . help people keep in shape by dieting properly .	those 3 are all i need ! i do not have very many friends	well what are you doing talking to me ?	i quit drinking years ago	that is fantastic , how did the alcohol affect your brain ?
rep-1691	i just found out my friend is getting married . i do not know if that is good or bad	that is great! family is awesome . mine lives down the street from me .	i just found out my friend is getting married . i do not know if that is good or bad	that is great! family is awesome . mine lives down the street from me .	i was just at my other friends wedding last week but not me, i am single	are you conservative? i am .	all of my family is an hour away . i moved for a better job in sales	hopefully the pay is worth it! do you like ford or chevy? my truck is a ford .	conservative is just one of those words used by the media . its all the same	i disagree . every sunday i am in church . generally the more conservative are there .	both are good but i want one of the new tesla electric cars .	oh, an electric car would be cool . that would be good for the environment .	i go to church for weddings like my friends last week but i am not religious	i understand . organized religion is not for everyone .	i think they will all be electric soon . electric cars were first before gas	oh really? i did not know that .	i am a care salesman so i know a lot about all inds of cars	that is cool . i do not know a lot of them except for brands.
rep-1692	hello, how are you today?	hi . i am fine . my parents would be mad if they knew i was up .	hello, how are you today?	hi . i am fine . my parents would be mad if they knew i was up .	that is funny, do you read drama like me?	i do not read much, but i do listen to pink floyd .	i like them almost as much as video games	i love video games! what 14 year old does not? what do you do?	i an a doctor for animals	i really like dogs . not cats . allergies .	i hate allergies they are the worst .	when i am an actor i will be able to afford better medicine .	yeah, medicine is so darn expensive	not as expensive as gender reassignment surgery . not old enough to do that, yet.
rep-1693	howdy how are we doing tonight i am fine what about your self?	i am good, just hanging out	howdy how are we doing tonight i am fine what about your self?	i am good, just hanging out	one of the foods i like is nasty sushi cool me to hang out .	i like anything blue that is why i have blue hair	love being a vegan blue hair me too that is so cool .	awesome!!! i need to try a vegan lifestyle	i enjoy working out yes try it some day great for the body .	i am into cosplay . i am a pretty scrawny kid	i love hearing the rap hip hop music love dancing you seem pretty .	aww thanks . i like rap too	you are a very nice person you are so welcome.
rep-1694	hello . how are you doing this evening ?	i am doing well thanks i am an attorney and working on cases	hello . how are you doing this evening ?	i am doing well thanks i am an attorney and working on cases	that is cool ! my job is in labor and delivery .	what a fun job . i live in ok and am a native american	nice . do you have kids ? i do not want any . i enjoy being single and alone .	i have 3 dis do you go to church i do no	no . i am too busy at the gym . i go several days each week .	i go climbing but am scared of heights	that is weird . what is your favorite drink ? water is the only thing i will drink .	i like ice tea . do you like sports ?	i do like sports . my favorite is football .	i like college the best what is your favorite food ?	i stay on a strict diet so that i stay in great shape .
rep-1695	i just finished spending time with my children three girls	sweet! i just finished skating . that is my job, to do tricks on my skateboard .	i just finished spending time with my children three girls	sweet! i just finished skating . that is my job, to do tricks on my skateboard .	you can teach my three girls to do that because i m separated with my husband	do they like chips? i cannot be in a house that has chips, hate them .	i m actually late morning and i parents are teachers and firefighters	a firefighter helped remove the tail that i was born with .	so good you still remember	my mom never let me forget .	you have a nice parents then right	well, she died walking into my workplace in high school hollister . my dad is though .	no i m sorry to hear about that	it was a tough time, but we got through it together .	you must have gone through a lot	i have . she choked on a chip, that is why i hate them.
rep-1696	good evening ! how are you	i am good i am eating pizza which is the best food	good evening ! how are you	i am good i am eating pizza which is the best food	that sounds yummy . i am getting ready for bed	i am also i have a big family 6 sisters and one brother	i do not have any family . just my new cat	i work for my moms restaurant part time what do you do ?	i make clothing , i make all my own clothes and also sell some	cool i wish i could do that . i stutter when i get excited with things	you should try singing . i sing folk music .	good idea . i like to read romances about paranormal things
rep-1697	hello . i am eating sausage and bacon for breakfast . what are you having?	i just finished bacon and pancakes .	hello . i am eating sausage and bacon for breakfast . what are you having?	i just finished bacon and pancakes .	as a doctor i should know to eat less bacon but it is just so god	that is true . i am studying to become a fashion designer .	so cool! since i am into bodybuilding i do not wear many clothes	i lifted weights in prison . i did some time for stealing .	oh so did my brother . my secretary mom was so upset about it	my parents do not care about me . they are hardly ever around .	i am sorry to hear that . do you have any siblings or kids?	i would love to be a mom but i am trying to turn my life around .	good luck! i have seen many success stories in my work as a doctor	thank you . do you have any children?	i do not . too busy bodybuilding and working at the doctors office	being a doctor is very important . are you a specialist?	i am a general practitioner	you must see a lot of different people and ailments.
rep-1698	hey , where do you work ?	i am a music teacher , what are you ?	hey , where do you work ?	i am a music teacher , what are you ?	i only work part time right now at a restaurant that my mother owns .	do you have a big family ?	oh yeah , six sisters that are older and 1 younger brother , you ?	just my parents and my older sibling	what do you like to do in your free time ?	i like to make music and you ?	i like to read romance novels about paranormal experiences with ghosts and aliens .	ghosts scare me but i think that is because i am so small	what do you mean when you say that you are small ?	i am only five foot	that sounds like it could be disadvantageous . i have a stutter which really makes life difficult .	that sounds like it might be difficult	what type of music do you like to make ?
rep-1699	hello , how are you tonight ? are you watching the office	hi ! i am well , thanks . i actually just got back from a hike .	hello , how are you tonight ? are you watching the office	hi ! i am well , thanks . i actually just got back from a hike .	that sounds wonderful , i live in the city and do not have hiking trails .	i am in ohio where there are lots of wooded trails .	ohio is lovely , we went hiked blue hen and buttermilk falls once .	yes , very nice . my 2 sons love to hike buttermilk falls .	that hill though , lol . do you like sweets ? i do not .	i try to not eat many sweets to set a good example for my boys .	i do not like them that much . do you have any hobbies ?	i am single mom so other than hiking , a lot of running my boys around to sports
rep-1700	hey there i am brianna hows it going	hi ! i am kylee . doing well . nothing too exciting tonight	hey there i am brianna hows it going	hi ! i am kylee . doing well . nothing too exciting tonight	that is good and same here sadly	waiting for my next model spaceship to be delivered .	o are those hard to assemble	not too hard , just fun while i am not playing videogames	what video games you play ?	anything really , but mostly warcraft . what are your hobbies ?	i use to draw a lot right now i sont really have a hobbie	i wish i could draw . my parents were more scientific . mom is a doctor	i wish i could improve my art . i am a nurse so you can do both lol	i work in computer science , so not both for me lol
rep-1701	hi have any hobbies i eat oreos to hide my pain	no hobbies, but i too love oreos, although i am dieting right now .	hi have any hobbies i eat oreos to hide my pain	no hobbies, but i too love oreos, although i am dieting right now .	i eat them cause i am in transition	transition? what do you do for fun? i like going to the beach .	i am 14 and skipped puberty cause i am soon a boy	oh ok . what is your favorite animal?	dogs love me not cats but guess it is cause i am different	i love horses! i love to get my nails done in my spare time.
rep-1702	hello . how are you doing ?	i am doing just fine . how are you today ?	hello . how are you doing ?	i am doing just fine . how are you today ?	very well , thank you . are you religious ? my religion is jewish .	i am not particularly religious . why do you ask ?	just curious . do you like tv ? my favorite is the office .
rep-1703	hi how are you today	hey there ! i am wonderful how are you doing today ?	hi how are you today	hey there ! i am wonderful how are you doing today ?	pretty good do you work ?	i am a singer actually which can be work but i love it , how about you ?	i enjoy music too what kind	folk music , its kind of like storytelling . people dig it , you listen to music ?
rep-1704	good evening . vietnam veteran here .	nice . i am in the south korean army .	good evening . vietnam veteran here .	nice . i am in the south korean army .	wow, i want to visit south korea one day, but i am in a wheelchair .	were you injured in action?	yes, lost a leg . what do you do in the army?	i am a medic, so most of the time there is not much action.
rep-1705	hi here i am in sunny california . where do you live ?	i live in florida but my family is from toronto	hi here i am in sunny california . where do you live ?	i live in florida but my family is from toronto	oh i see . moving to the east coast next year to the big apple .	cool . how old are you ?	now i am 23 and acting is my profession . also do a little runway modeling .	nice . i am 16 and i would like to be in the army	what do you do for fun ? in california most do surfing .	i like making websites and i drink a lot of lipton	you are too young for the army better look elsewhere .
rep-1706	how are you today ? i like you	i am great . just relaxing and knitting some hats for the babies at my old job .	how are you today ? i like you	i am great . just relaxing and knitting some hats for the babies at my old job .
rep-1707	hi how are you today ?	great . and how are you doing	hi how are you today ?	great . and how are you doing	i am well great at multi tasking are you ? i like to use trash for projects	having just one leg , i have to be good at multi tasking	i do not know but my toes bother me	sorry to hear that . my wheel chair is super fast	since they are webbed an i am 5 foot	i knew someone with webbed feet in the military	how did it go ? like artist ?	i feel just too old some days	are you old ? since you feel it	i am in my sixties but feel older some days
rep-1708	good afternoon how are you
rep-1709	hello, how are you tonight? are you watching the office?	i am good . just waiting for the good doctor to come on .	hello, how are you tonight? are you watching the office?	i am good . just waiting for the good doctor to come on .	that is a great show . i may set out some hummus and watch as well .	i am making dinner while i wait	i already had dinner, and greek yogurt for dessert . i do not like sweets .	i had to grade some papers and do homework with my kids	i do not have any kids, maybe one day when i find a nice jewish boy .	my husband works nights so its hard sometimes	i bet it is . my dad always worked nights .	cooking and reading are always my relaxers
rep-1710	hi! do you like dogs? i have a great dane	hey there how are you today? yes i like dogs	hi! do you like dogs? i have a great dane	hey there how are you today? yes i like dogs	awesome! i am good . what do you like to eat?	i like to eat vegetables an beans	i really enjoy italian food . i hope to visit italy someday	i like to run an i love a good reliable older car	i prefer walking myself . i walk my big dog daily .	sounds good i would love to go there but as a doctor i am busy	oh wow . you could read about travel, that is what i do	yes i would love to but i stay busy running an reading
rep-1711	hello , do you like tupac ?	i love tupac . he is great to listen to while weightlifting .	hello , do you like tupac ?	i love tupac . he is great to listen to while weightlifting .	i listen to him while playing tennis and running .	that sounds bold . you remind me of theodore roosevelt . who do you look up to ?
rep-1712	how are you ? being an old man , i am slowing down these days	hi , my dad is old as well , they live close to me and i see them often	how are you ? being an old man , i am slowing down these days	hi , my dad is old as well , they live close to me and i see them often	that is a great thing honor your dad with your presence	sure , i pick him up for church every sunday with my ford pickup	sounds wonderful my wheelchair can go very fast on various terrains	i guess that means you do not go hunting often ? i love hunting , i own 3 guns	hunting ? i served in the marines , yes i hunt	yeah me too , i am conservative so i love church and hunting	what do you like to hunt ? do you ever fish ?	fishing is good . i love fishing as well	fishing is a better choice sometimes for my one leg	yes that must be hard , i hope things get better for you	i enjoy life , it is what it is these days .	yes i agree . i try to enjoy life too , whenever i am not working	well , you better enjoying working so you can enjoy more of your time .	yeah but i go to church every sunday so my weekends are usually booked
rep-1713	hey, how is it going out there? people are nervous over here .	are you at a mall or something	hey, how is it going out there? people are nervous over here .	are you at a mall or something	no, but i am stationed in south korea . where you at?	i am in australia . are you in the military?	yeah, us army . what do you do down under?	i like my hobbies . i am kind of boring	boring is not always bad . what are your hobbies?	i teach my kids at home and like crafts	nice! i like kids, but i do not think i would be a good dad.
rep-1714	there are four people in my family . how about yours ?	just two right now and a siamese cat .	there are four people in my family . how about yours ?	just two right now and a siamese cat .	those are beautiful ! i do not own any since i am in school .	oh , i no longer work at the bank but for exercise walk a mile a day .	my idea of exercise is dancing while i listen to music i like .
rep-1715	i love animals! how about you!	me too! how are you today?	i love animals! how about you!	me too! how are you today?	i am a bit busy but i love to meet people .	great! what is your favorite animal? i love riding horses on my dads farm	i love turtles! i just bought one .	awe, i love turtles too . any hobbies?
rep-1716	hi how are you today	good . tired , i was teaching kindergarten most of the day .	hi how are you today	good . tired , i was teaching kindergarten most of the day .	what is your party affiliation ?	i lean conservative . how about you ?	i am 100 republican	i have a husband and a child to think about . i voted party line .	yeah i also teach and stuff	very cool ! my kids i teach love my convertible mustang .	i have a lot of kids
rep-1717	hello , how are you tonight ?	ok for living in the sea	hello , how are you tonight ?	ok for living in the sea	seattle ? me too , i have two room mates !	not seattle but ocean . i spend all my days at school .	nice . i graduated about two years ago , now i teach kindergarten	i like checking out the sea creatures .	i am not a fan of sea creatures . i prefer my cat . how about you ?	i like cats . but i like my tail as feet	wow that is pretty interesting	i have long wavy hair what about you ?	i had long hair , but i found a way to sell it to pay my bills .	bills cost money . after dinner i usually go out and play with my friends under the sea	you sound like a mermaid . i just like to play board games with my room mates
rep-1718	hi there how are you doing?	i am good thanks . just got my nails done . you?	hi there how are you doing?	i am good thanks . just got my nails done . you?	i am pretty well getting ready for martial arts class
rep-1719	hi how are you today	good . tired, i was teaching kindergarten most of the day .	hi how are you today	good . tired, i was teaching kindergarten most of the day .	what is your party affiliation?
rep-1720	hi , what do you do ?	i just graduated . working at a fast food joint now .	hi , what do you do ?	i just graduated . working at a fast food joint now .	nice , do you like music ? whenever i am not working i listen to music	what kind of music ? i just work to help my aunt and uncle out .	mostly rap , i like a lot of art	do you draw ? where do you live ?	i live in rochester boston , where mark walk berg is from	do you work anywhere ? i am thinking about going to college soon .	go to college , they loved me there since i was only 5 feet tall	cool . my parents kicked me out because i would not cut my hair and shave .	wow that is not good . i love shaving but i hate wearing sandals	i have to stay with my aunt and uncle . my job made me shave though .	what kind of job is it ?	cooking fast food . totally dead end . so hopefully college soon . saving up .	i love fast food , i have webbed feet so i have a weird limp
rep-1721	hello! what are you doing?
rep-1722	hey there, are you a fellow student?	no i am not . i graduated in may . you?	hey there, are you a fellow student?	no i am not . i graduated in may . you?	i am still a student, although struggling . congrats on graduating	thank you . how old are you?	i am a 40 year old student . engaged to my live in girlfriend . u in relationship?	i am 24, i was with my ex for 4 years, he is engaged with another one .	bummer . fave things? mine are my dog, max, and traveling and adventuring .	i love traveling too . have you ever been to egypt or dubai?	i wish . i have only traveled around usa and canada	i hope in future you will go lol i love dubai .	i will add it to my list . maybe on my honeymoon!
rep-1723	hello, how are you tonight?	i am a thing in fashion and acting . but not sure how i will like ny .	hello, how are you tonight?	i am a thing in fashion and acting . but not sure how i will like ny .	it is interesting at best . i love to sing, do you?	moving there next year . love to sing . surf and skate too . you?	i surf and do not see colors correctly, so that is a challenge .	i spent most my life in california sharks are grey . what parts do you sing?	anything by lady gaga and madonna .	neat . so do you perform or work in the industry?	i am retired army, and do not know what to do with myself .	if you can sing, go get on the voice! or take up surfing .	i do surf, and i am not interested in become a pro singer .	is there surfing around new york?
rep-1724	hi how are you doing	very good, how are you today?	hi how are you doing	very good, how are you today?	i am good just made breakfast	yummy! i love to cook, but that makes me unhappy about my weight	oh that is too bad you should find some yummy healthy recipes	yes i should, but my three kids like junk food lol	haha of course they do maybe sneak in healthy things in their dinner	it is hard to eat together, since i work days and my husband works overnights	oh wow that sounds like a busy schedule
rep-1725	hello , are you familiar with any good barbeque restaurants in your area ?	hi ! yes , there are several . do you like bacon ?	hello , are you familiar with any good barbeque restaurants in your area ?	hi ! yes , there are several . do you like bacon ?	i do especially with barbeque sauce .	i like it covered in chocolate .	i have never tried that , it sounds good tho . do you prefer milk or dark ?	either , lol . it is all good .	what do you do for work ?	i am a civil engineer , you ?	i work as an admin assistant . i have done that for years , hope to retire soon .	i used to do that before i earned my degree .	nice , where did you go to school ? i never finished college .	i went to akron u , in ohio .	i went to a concert by that campus once , very pretty there .
rep-1726	hi . just finished plying a round of second life . what are you up to today?
rep-1727	hi, what did you do today?	hey! a bunch of consulting for a large food service provider you?	hi, what did you do today?	hey! a bunch of consulting for a large food service provider you?	i am a nurse, my mom is also a nurse, an army nurse	oh wow i bet that is exciting .	not really, the only exciting thing about my life recently is i got a stray cat	my brother is in the army one of them anyway . you like cats?	i love cats, i love dressing cats, i made a cat sweater, i love knitting	well that is an interesting hobby . do you listen to music?	yes of course, i love folk music, what about you?	i like rock and heavy metal . metallica is my favorite band though .	nice, please tell me more	i grew up listening to eighties rock with my dad and that started my obsession	nice, did you dad listen to folk music?	i am not sure i would have to ask him . how long have you listened?	for about 5 years now	what got you started listening to folk music?
rep-1728	i cannot have a dog because of allergies . do you own a dog .	nope . my wife and kids happen to be allergic as well .	i cannot have a dog because of allergies . do you own a dog .	nope . my wife and kids happen to be allergic as well .	do you have any other pets?	my kids have two guinea pigs .	i grew up without my mother . did you grow up with both parents?
rep-1729	hey there how are you ?	i am doing super good ! how are you ?	hey there how are you ?	i am doing super good ! how are you ?	my name is joanna an i sing professionally	oh that sounds so cool ! my name is melanie . i am still in high school .	hey there that is cool , my pops is a farmer an my mom teaches	cool . does your mom like to shop ? i really enjoy going to the mall .
rep-1730	hello! good evening . how are you?	i am doing well . how about yourself?	hello! good evening . how are you?	i am doing well . how about yourself?
rep-1731	hi how are you today	good . tired, i was teaching kindergarten most of the day .	hi how are you today	good . tired, i was teaching kindergarten most of the day.
rep-1732	hi , my name is batista . what is yours ?	oh , i am just a blue haired teenager . how are you today ?	hi , my name is batista . what is yours ?	oh , i am just a blue haired teenager . how are you today ?	ha ha ok blue hair . i chilling playing my guitar .	guitar is cool . i really like music .	yeah , i love blues , what music do you like ?	being homeschooled , i listen to a lot of kinds . it keeps me busy .	homeschooled , huh you must live in the boonies	surprisingly , i am from california . but i hate it .	yeah i got ya , big cities suck big time	yes they do . i would much rather have a ton of land somewhere and be alone .	yeah got that too . i hate being put down for my tats	one thing i hate is having that my best friend is like a robot .
rep-1733	hi how are you today	hi! i am feeling great after a 40 minutes workout.
rep-1734	i grew up with lots of family members in the military .
rep-1735	i just finished spending time with my children three girls	sweet! i just finished skating . that is my job, to do tricks on my skateboard .	i just finished spending time with my children three girls
rep-1736	hello , do you like softball and italian food ?	i do , i really love to drive my mustang convertible to an italian restaurant .	hello , do you like softball and italian food ?	i do , i really love to drive my mustang convertible to an italian restaurant .	i go eat when i am finished with taekwondo	oh , i like fitness too , but i am a big person . but it does not stop me .	nor should it ! my husband is a big guy too . he is off on a softball tourney .	being married is wonderful . do you have children ? i adore mine .	no , i do not . i mentor at risk youth though .	that is an important job . my job is a kindergarten teacher , so i can relate .	it sure is . i would not trade it for the world .	i agree . in order to balance life , i live by the sea and swim daily .	i love the sea , and am hoping to move to it soon .	i would highly recommend it .	do you have any pets ?	no pets , just family . you ?
rep-1737	hi how are you today	hi ! i am feeling great after a 40 minutes workout .	hi how are you today	hi ! i am feeling great after a 40 minutes workout .	what did you eat after it ?	some fresh fruit , a very light snack .	nice do you read books ?	some , mostly about bodybuilding . do you read ?	i love cheesy ghost romances	do they scare you ? is that what you like about them ?	i think they just get me excited	do you believe ghosts really exist ?	maybe the hopes of them existing	i have never seen one myself .	me either but maybe they just hide well	is there anything unusual about you ?	i am the youngest of 6 sisters	wow , that is a lot of girls for a family ! i have just one sister .
rep-1738	hello ! how are you today ?	i am okay . missing home today . i am part of the army . currently in south korea	hello ! how are you today ?	i am okay . missing home today . i am part of the army . currently in south korea	oh it is hard to be so far from home .	yes , for only 21 , its hard to be away long	how long have you been in the military ?	a year now . so where are you from ?	i am from tampa , but i live in seattle now .	i see . i am from puerto rico	that sounds great . it seems like a great tropical place .	it is . you should visit there some time	i would love to . are you enjoying south korea ?	it has its up days i guess . a lot of work though
rep-1739	hey , how is the weather out there ?	it is pretty hot but good for working in my garden .	hey , how is the weather out there ?	it is pretty hot but good for working in my garden .	do you garden a lot ?	yes , it is plenty of food for my family with plenty to give away .	aw , that is so nice . i should garden for my sister	your vegetables will taste better . what kind of work do you do ?
rep-1740	hi . i am from canada .	oh hello there! i was just knitting a baby hat for the nicu .	hi . i am from canada .	oh hello there! i was just knitting a baby hat for the nicu .	oh, cool . so do you work in a hospital?	no, i am disabled so i spend my days knitting hats . i donate them .	aww, that is so sweet . i am sorry you are disabled though .	thank you but i am okay with it . it gives me time to cook and knit .	right, i imagine you have a lot of time to do hobbies .	i do . it is a relaxing life . what do you do?
rep-1741	hey , do you want to marry me ? i go to college .	sorry , i am in college myself and want to finish my education first .	hey , do you want to marry me ? i go to college .	sorry , i am in college myself and want to finish my education first .	oh , i guess that is fine . where are you from ?	i am in ohio , i play lacrosse for ohio state .	what are you studying ? i am trying to go for marine biology	music theory . i love tupac , so i want to incorporate it into therapy sessions .	he was hot . rip . that is really cool	i loved him , and cried when he passed .	i was too young to really understand .	i have read a lot about it .	i only read about dolphins .	i love dolphins , and sea stars .	but you will not marry me	i do not have on line relationships , that is so creepy .
rep-1742	hello, how are you tonight	i am well, loving on my little dogs an you?
rep-1743	hello , how is your day going	hi . my day is good . i am hanging out with both of my sons .	hello , how is your day going	hi . my day is good . i am hanging out with both of my sons .	cool , sounds like fun . just as much fun as cross stitch and quilts	i love those crafts ! right now i am into my aquarium filled with exotic fish .	i am what you would call a baby boomer , explains the quilting passion	you might like my collection of decorations . they are 50s vintage !	sure , it would bring back old memories . especially when my dad served in the military	that is awesome . what do you eat for breakfast ? mine is granola every day .	oatmeal fan over here . my parents were immigrants , they raised me on oats everyday .	that is very healthy . i like it . do you eat fish ?	yes i do eat fish . i love it	so do i . i just do not eat it in front of my aquarium .	ha ha . . . at least you are considered it of your fish .	i have to be , because it grosses me out to eat them while i watch some swim . lol
rep-1744	hello, how are you today?	i am good, how are you?	hello, how are you today?	i am good, how are you?	i am good too . i have a dream to be a fashion designer	that sounds awesome! are you working anywhere now? are you in college?
rep-1745	hi how are you today?	i am okay how are you today?	hi how are you today?
rep-1746	hey there are you allergic to dogs ? i am to cats	no that would suck i love dogs	hey there are you allergic to dogs ? i am to cats	no that would suck i love dogs	i love dogs not cats so it is cool , my town is small , you ?	well i am a real estate agent so i am always moving	gotcha that is nice , i love early mornings	it is nice , i am 34 and still wake up every morning to watch the sun rise	that is really nice , like homemade things ?	what do you mean homemade things ?	crafts , like art , got kids ?	definitely , my major was from in the arts , i do not you ?
rep-1747	where did you grow up ?	in macedonia . i came in the usa when i was 16 . what about you ?	where did you grow up ?	in macedonia . i came in the usa when i was 16 . what about you ?	wisconsin born and raised . macedonia seems exotic .	yeah it is . what is your nationality ?	american , like apple pie . never left the country .	that is nice . how old are you ?	i am 29 , my two brothers are 20	they seems they are twins .	they are twins , not identical though .	what do you mean ? identical ?	one is tall and has brown hair , one is short and blonde .	aww that is very interesting . do you work ?	yes , i work as a consulting manager . you ?	i finished my degree looking for a job .
rep-1748	hey there! whats your favorite movie? mine is titanic	mine is captain america, civil war! my daddy took me to see it before he died .	hey there! whats your favorite movie? mine is titanic	mine is captain america, civil war! my daddy took me to see it before he died .	wow! i seen titanic like 10 times an i just became a new daddy	i like to dance, i pretend the winter soldier is my boyfriend .	cute, i like to model cars as a past time .	my parents and i lived on edris island, before they died . where are you?
rep-1749	hi, do you want to be friends?	sure! can always use more friends . tell me about you	hi, do you want to be friends?	sure! can always use more friends . tell me about you	well i am a secretary now, but i am looking for better work	awesome! i would love to be a fashion designer! are you married? kids?	nah, i just finished college so maybe i will have time for marriage now	congrats on graduating! i am married but no kids yet . we want kids in the future!	thank you! i am lucy by the way .	i had a friend in high school named lucy but she stole my boyfriend lol
rep-1750	hi, have any plans for this sunday?	i do i plan to skip school	hi, have any plans for this sunday?	i do i plan to skip school	do you want to come watch football with me?	i would love to, do they have any fashion shows on as well	only football . we can eat cheese pizza though .	that is awesome i would love to do that
rep-1751	hello , how are you tonight ? do you have pets or children ?	hi there . i do not any children but i do have a dog named charlie .	hello , how are you tonight ? do you have pets or children ?	hi there . i do not any children but i do have a dog named charlie .	aw . that is so cute . i am designing a snoopy tee tonight .	neat ! where are you from ? i am from australia . my parents still live there .
rep-1752	hi how are you today ?	i am okay how are you today ?	hi how are you today ?	i am okay how are you today ?	i am well . i just finished reading frost . i enjoy poetry ! ! !	that is good where are you from ?	i am from ca . i love hiking through nature out here . how about you ?	ca nice i never been hiking before i live in upstate ny	ooh ny must have interesting food . i love trying new types of good at least once .
rep-1753	hey there how are you today?	hi . good . just quilting tonight . tomorrow night i will cross stitch .	hey there how are you today?	hi . good . just quilting tonight . tomorrow night i will cross stitch.
rep-1754	hello how are you today?	hi, i am good, i just moved into a new house i bought! you?	hello how are you today?	hi, i am good, i just moved into a new house i bought! you?	that is great . my family lives on my road .	cool dude . any plans for tonight? i am dancing at the club, i love it .	i would go to the club but tomorrow is sunday and i always go to church .	what church do you go to? do they have candy? i love candy!	it is a very conservative church because i am conservative .	oh in which ways are you?	i am conservative also by buying american vehicles such as my ford pickup truck .	that is neat . i have a dog in school because he is so bad.
rep-1755	hi , how are you doing ?	hello ! i am well . being shy in class	hi , how are you doing ?	hello ! i am well . being shy in class	i just got back from the gym !	oh wow ! i am too shy to go to the gym . where do you go ?	well , i swim every day too	how many laps do you do ? i stay on my computer because i work all day	i do only 10 laps	wow ! i build model spaceships and we launch them from pools .
rep-1756	hi , how has your day been ?	great and how was your day ?	hi , how has your day been ?	great and how was your day ?	long day at work . teaching elementary wears me out .	i can imagine . i thought about having children but i am not ready yet .	it is worth it when the time comes ! what do you do ?	i am in fashion design school . i want to have my own fashion line one day .	oh my wife wanted to do the same thing . cooking is my passion .	what dish do you like to cook the most ?
rep-1757	how are you you tonight ? i am working on some crafts as we talk .	nice , is that what you always do after dinner ?	how are you you tonight ? i am working on some crafts as we talk .	nice , is that what you always do after dinner ?	usually . it is preparation for tomorrow . i homeschool my kid .	i spend all most all day in a school with my sea creature friends .	are you a fish ? i like fish . i am allergic to most other animals , like cats .	kind of . i have a tail as feet and wavy hair . are you ?	oh , so you are a mermaid . we do not have any mermaids in our small town .	you do not live in the sea like me ? where do you live ?	i live in a small town in ohio .	what do you do there ? i explore with my friends after dinner
rep-1758	hi how are you today	i am great, how are you?	hi how are you today	i am great, how are you?	pretty good do you work	i am in publishing, heading to nyc next year for my job
rep-1759	hi there . how are you tonight ?	good . is english your native tongue ? it is mine .	hi there . how are you tonight ?	good . is english your native tongue ? it is mine .	yes it is . what do you do for work ? i am employed at a research facility .	i work as an engineer , but i cannot stand any bugs that i find while working .	i have to clean cages at work . my real dream is to be a professional artist .	that sounds very creative . do you like music ? bach is my favorite .	people donate their trash so i can make sculptures . i prefer mozart .	how cool you make sculptures . i love bacon and tried to make a sculpture with some .	that is really cool ! i like watching shows featuring creative cooking like that .	i also watch cooking shows ! great way to get recipe ideas .	tell me something unique about you . my toes are webbed and i am short 5 feet .	i have a small mole on my chin . what color is your hair ?
rep-1760	hey like, how s it going	good and how are you today?	hey like, how s it going	good and how are you today?	i m really good, just got back from practice	what kind of practice do you do?	i do tae kwan do, my dad is my instructor
rep-1761	hi . i am sheila . i an 12 .	hey i am brian i am 14	hi . i am sheila . i an 12 .	hey i am brian i am 14	hi brian . i live in florida . i have never left here .	i live in louisiana i have been here my whole life	i love rollercoasters . i go to busch gardens all the time .	i use to like those but my anxiety be too bad for it and whats that	i use to have anxiety but then i took tae kwan do . i am a champ at it	that actually helps? nothing really helps, e	it does . that and tai chi . its calming .	i might try that the only thing that normally helps is being around my dog	dogs are cool . what kind of dog do you have?	he is a chihuahua dachshund mix
rep-1762	hi how are you doing ?	i am well an you ? like dogs .	hi how are you doing ?	i am well an you ? like dogs .	yes i have 2 german shepards	names ? i have 3 dogs	i have a boy and a girl diesel and nala	awe how old are they ?	26 where did you go to school i attended university of mississippi	i went here in ohio like pizza ?	yes i do i usually order it every friday i am a real estate agent	what is your favorite holiday ?
rep-1763	hey , i am here with my dogs , timbo and bananas	i love dogs ! we have a lot of them on my horse ranch .	hey , i am here with my dogs , timbo and bananas	i love dogs ! we have a lot of them on my horse ranch .	that is awesome ! what do you do with your horses ?	i train horses for a living . what do you do ?	i play frisbee competitively and it is so much fun	that is great ! i exercise every day to stay healthy and eat from my garden	yes . it is so important to state healthy so your dogs always have you	when i am on the ranch working i listen to john denver on my ipod	west virginia . take me home .	i love riding horses in west virginia	i take my dogs camping there when we travel for frisbee . great place	do you exercise like me when you travel ?	yep . have to stay in shape for my sport . cant skip leg day
rep-1764	hi there , just getting home from work how are you doing ?	just playing my fantasy videogames relaxing	hi there , just getting home from work how are you doing ?	just playing my fantasy videogames relaxing	that sounds like fun i like first person shooter games . and movies	o ok i can make a shooter game my degree is in computer science
rep-1765	i love animals ! how about you !	me too ! how are you today ?	i love animals ! how about you !	me too ! how are you today ?	i am a bit busy but i love to meet people .	great ! what is your favorite animal ? i love riding horses on my dads farm
rep-1766	how are you today? i like you	i am great . just relaxing and knitting some hats for the babies at my old job .	how are you today? i like you	i am great . just relaxing and knitting some hats for the babies at my old job .	where did you use to work?	childrens hospital until i became disabled . what do you do?	i rent out houses to people	that is a great industry . what kind of music do you like?	like people who are handy?	yes . i love to cook and i am looking for someone to build me some cooling racks .	lol, i like classic cars	me too what is your favorite? chevelle? cadillac? oldsmobile?	i get sick on seafood	i prefer to cook vegan food . what do you like to eat?	i like to eat fried foods	well they are not good for you but they taste great! do you like french fries?
rep-1767	good afternoon, how are you?	hi, i enjoy watching sports on sunday .	good afternoon, how are you?	hi, i enjoy watching sports on sunday .	me too . being colorblind it is hard for me to differentiate the teams sometime .	i see, i like watching football, how about you?
rep-1768	hello , how are you today ?	fine how are you on this cold day ?	hello , how are you today ?	fine how are you on this cold day ?	excited , i am going hunting this weekend and the weather is great for it	i love to play my guitar when i am not working as a batista .	what music do you play ? i love church music	gospel music , i share an apartment with my two brothers in chicago .	that is great ! family is so important , i am glad mine are just down the street	that is good , my parents reside in arkansas .	arkansas is a great state , i enjoy that the south is more conservative	i have eight tattoos on my back .	what are they tattoos of ? i have one of the ford logo	a collage of places and faces of loved ones .
rep-1769	hey i am brianna hows it going	i am dan and its going good i just got back from hunting	hey i am brianna hows it going	i am dan and its going good i just got back from hunting	o what were you hunting	i am deer hunting . i work for a property management company	o i work for an animal shelter	for fun i working on fixing up old cars	o cool i have a band	cool what kind of music ?	its a rock band named simple plan
rep-1770	hi i am joanna . i sing blues professionally	oh that is cool . i can do your hair before a show . hair stylist here haha	hi i am joanna . i sing blues professionally	oh that is cool . i can do your hair before a show . hair stylist here haha
rep-1771	i am from a large family with 6 sisters and us 2 boys .	do you have any plans this weekend?	i am from a large family with 6 sisters and us 2 boys .	do you have any plans this weekend?	just work part time for the restaurant my mother owns .	i am going hunting this weekend .	where and what do you hunt?	on the north side . i will be hunting wildlife .	okay, and i will be eating pizza . ever hear that song going on a pizza hunt?	no, the week after i will be restoring classic cars .	oh that sounds nice . going to a car show? .	probably, if the weather permits .	i would stutter to see so many neat cars .	yeah, they look pretty interesting .	i read a lot of romances paranormal and there is a lot of fancy cars in novel .	i heard that romance novels are long and they a long time to read .	yes but good to kill time .	i work long hours as a handyman and do not have the time to read.
rep-1772	hi how are you doing?	hello, i am doing great, how are you this evening?	hi how are you doing?	hello, i am doing great, how are you this evening?	i am doing great, what is your favorite hobby?	photography, i do not drive in nyc, so i take photos whenever i walk .	your pictures is really interesting then, nyc is a very nice place .	it is . i used to live in ohio . are you jewish?	no i am not jewish i am spiritual not religious	nothing wrong with that, i was only going to ask if you knew of a deli.
rep-1773	hey i am brian hows it going	it is going well, how about you	hey i am brian hows it going	it is going well, how about you
rep-1774	hi how are you today	hey there! i am wonderful how are you doing today?	hi how are you today	hey there! i am wonderful how are you doing today?	pretty good do you work?	i am a singer actually which can be work but i love it, how about you?	i enjoy music too what kind	folk music, its kind of like storytelling . people dig it, you listen to music?
rep-1775	do you want to go to the gym with me ?	no i am just on my lunch break	do you want to go to the gym with me ?	no i am just on my lunch break	i like being alone anyway .	i might be good company my english is getting better	you already rejected me though .	just for the gym whats going on latter ?
rep-1776	hi there . how are you tonight ?	good . is english your native tongue ? it is mine .	hi there . how are you tonight ?	good . is english your native tongue ? it is mine .	yes it is . what do you do for work ? i am employed at a research facility .	i work as an engineer , but i cannot stand any bugs that i find while working .	i have to clean cages at work . my real dream is to be a professional artist .
rep-1777	hi there ! just finished cooking my homemade meal of the day . how about you ?	oh , what did you make ? i made some traditional native american food .	hi there ! just finished cooking my homemade meal of the day . how about you ?	oh , what did you make ? i made some traditional native american food .	lasagna . my husband and 8 kids keep me really busy !	yum ! my dogs and birds keep me busy .	i like to read when i get time , but my husband needs my help often .
rep-1778	hello , how are you today ?	great ! how are you ?	hello , how are you today ?	great ! how are you ?	i am doing well ! listening to tim mcgraw . he is my favorite singer .	heart is my favorite band , but i like some country too .	what do you do for a living ?	i am a mom to three kids so whatever i need to . you	i am an olympic medal bodybuilder and i blog about rabbit rescues .	my girls want a pet rabbit soon , any advice ?	have a sturdy cage and always make sure they have food and water .	how did you start body building ? that is quite impressive too	teddy roosevelt did it , and he is my idol . who is your idol ?	anne or nancy wilson . strong women all the way !	my sister likes them . i live with her . she helps me with my disability .
rep-1779	hello there! how are you today?	hi i am doing great at the truck stop waiting to get loaded	hello there! how are you today?	hi i am doing great at the truck stop waiting to get loaded	oh! you are a truck driver?	yeah its the best way to support my 7 kids	that is great . i am unable to work due to my disability .	oh i am sorry . what do you do to pass time	i knit baby hats for local hospitals!	that is very nice of you! i just read mystery novels in my spare time	do you like music at all? i prefer country .	i listen to country too i grew up listening to it on the farm
rep-1780	hello there! how are you?	i am doing well . i am taking a break at work i am a factory worker .	hello there! how are you?	i am doing well . i am taking a break at work i am a factory worker .	i am playing a video game at the moment . how long is your break?	about 30 minutes . i like football video games . my favorite team is the buckeyes .	i like playing final fantasy .	i played the two on super nes when i was younger . do you exercise?	i dance a lot! that is my exercise!	my friend wants me to go swimming at the gym pool, but i am scared of water .	i would help you if i could, but i am too shy.
rep-1781	hello , how are you today ?	i am good , how are you ?	hello , how are you today ?	i am good , how are you ?	i am good too . i have a dream to be a fashion designer	that sounds awesome ! are you working anywhere now ? are you in college ?	i am still in college . single since my friend to my boyfriend in high school	cool ! i am retired from the banking business . do you have any hobbies ?	yes i have a few hobbies like skateboarding , snowboarding , flying my drone	wow ! i like to make quilts for my relatives in my free time .	are you married , i want kids but its just not the time
rep-1782	good evening . vietnam veteran here .	nice . i am in the south korean army .	good evening . vietnam veteran here .	nice . i am in the south korean army .	wow, i want to visit south korea one day, but i am in a wheelchair .	were you injured in action?	yes, lost a leg . what do you do in the army?
rep-1783	hey there how are you ? it was beautiful saturday my friend got married !	i am doing great ! i am just currently exploring with my sea creature friends !	hey there how are you ? it was beautiful saturday my friend got married !	i am doing great ! i am just currently exploring with my sea creature friends !	i love bands especially rush	i like rush as well , i have to see them whenever i can above the sea .	what kind of sea creatures ? i like to draw online its a hobby	well starfish , jellyfish , squids , fish , they are all my friends !	really ? i like to do anything in sales , that is my field	that sounds awesome , i have a tail as feet , so i can not work .	are you a fish ? i am also a omnivore
rep-1784	i am drunk on scotch right now, you?
rep-1785	hey there . how is it going?	not bad . currently writing my third novel . all about romance .	hey there . how is it going?	not bad . currently writing my third novel . all about romance .	how long have you been writing for?	over 20 years . living far away on an island helps me gather thoughts .	i did not graduate from high school, so writing novels seems like a great achievement!	well, i keep to myself alot . not very social . wish i was more outgoing .	my two dogs are my best friends . do you have any pets?	one dog and two cats . great companions . any children?	i have one son and one daughter . how about you?	nope, just the pets . i had a hard time finding someone .	did you stop looking?	sort of . i am very content but sometimes i get lonely .	maybe you could reach out a bit and find a group with a similar hobby?	i could . are you married?
rep-1786	hey what are your interests?	i love the mall, shopping is my hobby . do you have any?	hey what are your interests?
rep-1787	hello, how are you today?	great! how are you?	hello, how are you today?	great! how are you?	i am doing well! listening to tim mcgraw . he is my favorite singer .	heart is my favorite band, but i like some country too .	what do you do for a living?	i am a mom to three kids so whatever i need to . you	i am an olympic medal bodybuilder and i blog about rabbit rescues .	my girls want a pet rabbit soon, any advice?	have a sturdy cage and always make sure they have food and water .	how did you start body building? that is quite impressive too	teddy roosevelt did it, and he is my idol . who is your idol?	anne or nancy wilson . strong women all the way!	my sister likes them . i live with her . she helps me with my disability .	neat . my oldest helps with her sisters a lot since the divorce it is just us
rep-1788	whats up ? hows it going	pretty good , just finished a long shift in labor and delivery . where do you work ?	whats up ? hows it going	pretty good , just finished a long shift in labor and delivery . where do you work ?	so i am in school to be a hairdresser ?	that sounds nice ! do you have any children ?	no but i have fish which i consider to be my kids .	that is nice ! i have a dog , only child i want to have haha	do you have any hobbies	i go to the gym often . how about you ?	the healthiest that i get is eating granola	i have heard granola is good with milk . but the only thing i drink is water	wow you seem really healthy	it takes a lot of time , so i am currently single . but i like being single	i am single too ! i wish i went to the gym more
rep-1789	hello . how are you doing?	i am doing just fine . how are you today?	hello . how are you doing?	i am doing just fine . how are you today?	very well, thank you . are you religious? my religion is jewish .	i am not particularly religious . why do you ask?	just curious . do you like tv? my favorite is the office .	i do not watch much tv, but i do enjoy archer .	how about music? my favorite is jazz .	i enjoy blues more because i am from chicago . what do you like about jazz?	i just like the smoothness of it . i am from new york .	i love new york . i will be coming there in a few weeks for the marathon.
rep-1790	good afternoon how are you doing	i am doing well . how about yourself?	good afternoon how are you doing	i am doing well . how about yourself?	pretty good wanting to go hunting	there is not much hunting available here . i live on an island edris island.
rep-1791	is there anything better than a cold drink after a long day ?	it depends . personally , my favorite way to relax is to scroll through some clothes catalogs .	is there anything better than a cold drink after a long day ?	it depends . personally , my favorite way to relax is to scroll through some clothes catalogs .	yeah ? a bit of a fashionista ?	definitely . i just love fashion , and i love clothes shopping . what about you ?	i am not one for clothes . i sit around in sweats to write .	i see . you are a writer , then ?	yes . short pieces , no novels here . what about yourself ?	i am a freshman in college . i really want to be a doctor though .	stick with it or you will have to run away with the circus like me ! ! lol
rep-1792	hello, do you like tupac?	i love tupac . he is great to listen to while weightlifting .	hello, do you like tupac?	i love tupac . he is great to listen to while weightlifting .	i listen to him while playing tennis and running .	that sounds bold . you remind me of theodore roosevelt . who do you look up to?	indiana jones . i want to be just like him .	i used to act out his movies at home with my sister .	my friends and i do that as well . it is so fun .	we should get together and act . we could pretend to rescue rabbits for my blog .	i have a blog as well, a photography one .	maybe i have seen it . my sister helps me distinguish red from green .	oh, you are color blind . my cousin is as well .	oh, coincidence! it is weird looking at a picture of tim mcgraw differently than others.
rep-1793	hello! what are you doing?	i am working on my latest quilt, do you have hobbies?	hello! what are you doing?	i am working on my latest quilt, do you have hobbies?	yes! i have exotic fish and just finished cleaning their aquarium .	wow that is a cool bet . do they have names?	larry moe curly dory and nemo . not original . what kind of quilt are you making?	lol that is hilarious . it is a patriotic quilt as a present for my dad	that is very sweet . did he serve?	yes, he is a war vet . i am making it for veterans day	i am sure he will appreciate it . my eldest boy wants to join the air force .	that is something to be proud of . we should all be proud of our military	i agree . it is scary and i am worried, but i agree .	well best of luck to him . i know he must appreciate your support	what branch did your father serve in?	army . he is from scotland and serving in the army meant a lot to him	well, good luck with the quilt .	thank you . good luck to your son
rep-1794	hello! what are you doing?	i am working on my latest quilt, do you have hobbies?	hello! what are you doing?	i am working on my latest quilt, do you have hobbies?	yes! i have exotic fish and just finished cleaning their aquarium .	wow that is a cool bet . do they have names?	larry moe curly dory and nemo . not original . what kind of quilt are you making?	lol that is hilarious . it is a patriotic quilt as a present for my dad	that is very sweet . did he serve?	yes, he is a war vet . i am making it for veterans day
rep-1795	hi how are you doing	hi . i am doing well . how about you ?	hi how are you doing	hi . i am doing well . how about you ?	pretty good where do you work ?	i am self employed . a free lance writer .	i do stocks . that must be hard	i love it . it lets me weave in stories about my old job at the carnival .	what is your favorite food ?	not much of a foodie . now , cold scotch on the rocks . bliss . what is yours ?	eggplant parmigiana i am an italian
rep-1796	good evening , how are you doing today	i am doing pretty good . just got back from a nice long walk . you ?	good evening , how are you doing today	i am doing pretty good . just got back from a nice long walk . you ?	just got back from work at my dead end job at mcdonalds	ugh i am sorry to hear that . what do you want to do for work ?	looking for anything different to get out of customer service	what do you like to do for fun ?	spending time with my aunt and uncle , they raised me so i owe them	that is very nice . i love spending time with my big pet dog .	i love dogs , i wish my parents loved me	maybe take a nice long walk to think . that always helps me .	do you live near a beach ?
rep-1797	hello there! tell me about yourself?	i for sure read an speak english	hello there! tell me about yourself?	i for sure read an speak english	that is helpful . i do as well and just graduated college .	i love pork, especially bacon .	bacon is good . i do not eat much meat though . do you have pets?	really did not know lol, like bugs? they are nasty .	bugs are okay but i prefer arizona, my cat .	what do you do for a living? i engineer	right now i just play board games and read biographies .	cool what ever it takes for you	i just graduated and have not found work yet .	now me i make money all day	that sounds enjoyable to me!	yes it is i love it i need it	everyone has different goals, that is for sure
rep-1798	hi there, how are you?	hey i am good how about yourself	hi there, how are you?	hey i am good how about yourself	good, just got back from the gym ready to hang out alone and kick back .	oh cool you work out often?	just once a week but i have been trying to stay healthy, drinking nothing but water now
rep-1799	hey, i am here with my dogs, timbo and bananas	i love dogs! we have a lot of them on my horse ranch .	hey, i am here with my dogs, timbo and bananas
rep-1800	good evening . vietnam veteran here .	nice . i am in the south korean army .	good evening . vietnam veteran here .	nice . i am in the south korean army .	wow, i want to visit south korea one day, but i am in a wheelchair.
rep-1801	hello how are you today	not too bad , eating a ribeye at the moment	hello how are you today	not too bad , eating a ribeye at the moment	sounds good , i love steak	i love it almost as much as the sound system i have in my truck	yeah its great i go to the gym 3 times a week	i prefer hiking and camping , cardio at the gym is so boring	i have a lot of free time being single and living alone	you should get into healthcare like my mom , lots of nice ladies	i work in labor at the hospital .
rep-1802	hello, how are you tonight?	hey! bored waiting to go to my boring job . how are you?	hello, how are you tonight?	hey! bored waiting to go to my boring job . how are you?
rep-1803	good evening ! how are you	i am good i am eating pizza which is the best food	good evening ! how are you	i am good i am eating pizza which is the best food
rep-1804	hello , i have been busy singing karaoke ; what are you doing ?	i am good busy with 2 part time jobs	hello , i have been busy singing karaoke ; what are you doing ?	i am good busy with 2 part time jobs	well , i understand the need for money .	yeah i wanna write book someday	that sounds like a neat idea . i was in the army and consider telling my stories .	i wanna write fantasy but for now i will just was lord of the rings
rep-1805	hey there how are you ?	pretty great ! i am just eating a steak and potatoes	hey there how are you ?	pretty great ! i am just eating a steak and potatoes	i love superheros especially the dark movie kind .	they are really good . what is your favorite ?	really ? i enjoy me a good hard drink , scotch is my choice .	yummy . i drank a ton last week when i was at my friends wedding	whoa , i hope you were not sloppy drunk lol	just a little bit but i am sure he will forgive me haha	oh man lol , i like to write do you ?	i am more of a graphic design artist actually . what do you write ?	i like to write small short stories .	that is great . you should write one about my favorite band rush
rep-1806	good evening . how are you ?	having a quiet evening at home with my cats . how are you ?	good evening . how are you ?	having a quiet evening at home with my cats . how are you ?	doing the same . listening to some country music .	i love country music ! the stories always give me ideas for writing .	i knit hats for infants at the hospital so i play country music a lot .
rep-1807	barbecue is my favorite food to cook .	oh no, i do not like barbecue because i do not like to eat animals .	barbecue is my favorite food to cook .	oh no, i do not like barbecue because i do not like to eat animals .	what do you like to eat? maybe i need to do the same .	ice cream is one of my favourite foods .	i need to workout . i usually try to on the weekends .	i should work out more, i walk my dogs every day.
rep-1808	how are you today ? i am doing great myself	i am great ! it is hot here in south carolina today .	how are you today ? i am doing great myself	i am great ! it is hot here in south carolina today .	i love south carolina what part are you in ?	charleston . i moved here after graduation from usc .	that is a long move . all the way from california ?	yes . i love it here . i belong to a horror film group .	i was a teacher than ice became more interesting	i went to school for teaching but i sing professionally now .	i sometimes search for polar bears to hunt	that sounds illegal . are they not protected ?	they are good for food . the meat gets very tender	really ? i am surprised to hear that . where do you live ?	i love to explore the artic terrain
rep-1809	hi , what is up with you today ?	hi there ! the lord of the rings ! i am a huge binge watcher	hi , what is up with you today ?	hi there ! the lord of the rings ! i am a huge binge watcher	that is awesome . i have never seen them though	well that is between my two part time jobs .	wow , what do you do ?	i am a nurse . i work in the er and surgery unit	sick , i bet you have seen some pretty grotty stuff !	yes it is awesome . i must admit i love fantasy . what do you do ?	you probably know who i am . i am a lead singer of your favorite band .	no way ! ! ! tell me , tell me !	sorry . but maybe we party sometime . that is my second part time job . d	i live in texas , where are you traveling right now ?	keeping it local for now . traveled too much with my dad as a kid	i totally understand that . it is tough for kids .	yeah , my three sisters stayed home with my mom , but i was always hitched to the semi .
rep-1810	hey what is up my man?	hi . nothing much . just busy with my latest quilting project .	hey what is up my man?
rep-1811	hello , how are you doing today ?	hello . i am retired , so i am great ! i was a banker . how are you ?
rep-1812	hello , my name is randy . how are you ?	hi randy , i am good ! just at work . what about you ?	hello , my name is randy . how are you ?	hi randy , i am good ! just at work . what about you ?	just done with band practice . i am the lead singer !
rep-1813	did you pull your tag on elk this year ? i have been spotting up by the wolf ridge .	i actually was not able to get an elk tag this season .	did you pull your tag on elk this year ? i have been spotting up by the wolf ridge .	i actually was not able to get an elk tag this season .	what are you going to do instead ?	i might go and see metallica with the money instead .	that is epic ! i have an opportunity if you are interested .	what kind of opportunity do you have ?	i have a company that rents property . we could use another handyman you game ?	i would be willing to help ! i also have management experience from my job .
rep-1814	good evening, what is new with you?	not much . i went to an amusement park today, you?	good evening, what is new with you?	not much . i went to an amusement park today, you?	that sounds fun! i got a new book about europe, i would love to travel there .	i would love that too . i have never even left maryland	i dream of walking through europe one day.
rep-1815	good afternoon how are you doing	i am doing well . how about yourself ?	good afternoon how are you doing	i am doing well . how about yourself ?	pretty good wanting to go hunting	there is not much hunting available here . i live on an island edris island .	wow i bet that is nice . i love my hot rod
rep-1816	hi, how are you today?	i am good just spending time with my dog . how are you	hi, how are you today?	i am good just spending time with my dog . how are you	fine thanks, listening to some music	what kind of music do you listen to?	jazz, i enjoy jazz a lot .	i do sometimes . i also enjoy taking long walks . do you?	not really, kinda lazy . but i don t eat sweet	i love to travel . do you vacation much?	no, i like to watch tv shows . the office is my favorite	the office is funny . do you read much?	some books about jews . i am jewish	do you ever read books on traveling to europe?	sometimes . i enjoy reading books	so do i . wish i had more time to read
rep-1817	hi . how is your day going?	great, just got home from work . how are you?	hi . how is your day going?	great, just got home from work . how are you?	not bad . the teens at the shelter were great today . what is your profession?	i work at a help desk . so you work with homeless teens?	yep . i am a mentor of sorts . thinking of cooking . you had supper?	i did, i eat dinner while watching the news . what are you cooking?
rep-1818	hello , my name is jonas , how are you doing today ?	bad , i am broke and my low income apartment has rent due tomorrow	hello , my name is jonas , how are you doing today ?	bad , i am broke and my low income apartment has rent due tomorrow	i know that feeling . i have been stuck at the same low paying job for years .	same here , fast food does not pay like how i thought it did at 16	at 16 , i had a job taking care of cats , but now i really hate them .	i hate all animals to be honest	i see . i like most animals , i grew up on a farm .	dropping out of high school was a bad idea . the landlord just called .	my landlord is my dad . we do not really get along .	lucky , he can give you slack .	he makes me cry as bad as onions do . but i truly enjoy onions .	not running is what makes me cry like a baby	i like to run as well . i did about 3 miles today .	i just did 15 miles .	i wish i had time for 15 , but my job takes too much of my time .
rep-1819	i am always trying to reserve for other but how are you	just got off work mcdonalds is not cutting it i might go back to school	i am always trying to reserve for other but how are you	just got off work mcdonalds is not cutting it i might go back to school
rep-1820	whats up? hows it going	pretty good, just finished a long shift in labor and delivery . where do you work?	whats up? hows it going	pretty good, just finished a long shift in labor and delivery . where do you work?	so i am in school to be a hairdresser?	that sounds nice! do you have any children?	no but i have fish which i consider to be my kids .	that is nice! i have a dog, only child i want to have haha
rep-1821	hi . do you have a favorite music group ? mine is heart .	sorry ! i am sort of shy .	hi . do you have a favorite music group ? mine is heart .	sorry ! i am sort of shy .	that is okay . heart really helped me through my divorce .	oh . i am sorry ! i had not heard of heart .	well , they remind me of my dad . he was a firefighter .
rep-1822	hello ! what are you doing ?	i am working on my latest quilt , do you have hobbies ?	hello ! what are you doing ?	i am working on my latest quilt , do you have hobbies ?	yes ! i have exotic fish and just finished cleaning their aquarium .	wow that is a cool bet . do they have names ?	larry moe curly dory and nemo . not original . what kind of quilt are you making ?	lol that is hilarious . it is a patriotic quilt as a present for my dad	that is very sweet . did he serve ?	yes , he is a war vet . i am making it for veterans day	i am sure he will appreciate it . my eldest boy wants to join the air force .	that is something to be proud of . we should all be proud of our military	i agree . it is scary and i am worried , but i agree .	well best of luck to him . i know he must appreciate your support
rep-1823	hello there . where are you from ?	i am so excited i just got engaged !	hello there . where are you from ?	i am so excited i just got engaged !	congratulations ! how old are yoy ?	the united states . how about you ?	usa also . i live in pennsylvania	i am 30 years old . what is your favorite sport ?	i love football . what is your favorite sport .	i like soccer . i like watching it on tv .	do you like watching mls or prefer world cup ?	world cup if i had to choose . are you married ?	i am not . i am a single 25 year old .	what is your favorite food or restaurant ?	i enjoy all types of cuisine , except for asian . i love steak .	i am craving cake and pizza ! !	what do you like on your pizza ?
rep-1824	hey i am brianna hows it going	i am dan and its going good i just got back from hunting	hey i am brianna hows it going	i am dan and its going good i just got back from hunting	o what were you hunting	i am deer hunting . i work for a property management company	o i work for an animal shelter	for fun i working on fixing up old cars	o cool i have a band	cool what kind of music?	its a rock band named simple plan	cool i also work as a handyman	oh cool do you like it	its fun to work on different things yes	true i do basic handyman like things at home
rep-1825	hello , how are you doing ?	so tired . just got off job 1 and off to job 2 soon . you ?	hello , how are you doing ?	so tired . just got off job 1 and off to job 2 soon . you ?	i am reading fashion magazines .
rep-1826	hey there like to workout?	not really . i enjoy video games and reading mostly . do you workout?	hey there like to workout?	not really . i enjoy video games and reading mostly . do you workout?	yes i do all the time	are you a bodybuilder? what do you do for a living?
rep-1827	hello how are you today ?	oh ok . had better days	hello how are you today ?	oh ok . had better days	oh no tell me whats wrong	i cant stand my job . well actually the people there .	i drive a forklift in a plant with a bunch of kids so i know	that sounds pretty cool . i clean kennels at the animal shelter .	that is cool do you lift weight ? i love to work out	no they are too heavy . i run with my cat to stay fit .	i go every weekend then i barbeque	animals i love , people i cannot stand . except one .	i love all animals . i also like to watch scary movies with my cats
rep-1828	hey how are you?	i just got home from a nice nature hike . do you like the outdoors?	hey how are you?	i just got home from a nice nature hike . do you like the outdoors?	yes i love the outdoors since i am usually stuck inside for work	hiking gives me inspiration for my drawing class . do you like art?	i like music my favorite is rush, music is like art right?	yes! what kind of work do you do indoors?	i sell space in data centers so i do not have any windows	i would put wierd stickers all over the walls! do you have any hobbies?	i like to go to different music concerts, what about you?
rep-1829	hello . how are you doing today?	i am good, just got home .	hello . how are you doing today?	i am good, just got home .	what kind of work do you do?	i am a model for a magazine .	small world . i am a model as well .	oh, where do you live?
rep-1830	hello, how are you doing?	you mean good and i m planning for my next travel	hello, how are you doing?	you mean good and i m planning for my next travel	that is cool . i like to read when i have spare time .	so six country is the total of them	i have always wanted my family to be big . i am a mother of several kids .	the family the happier just like my garden is this you	i cook meals at home every day . do you with the stuff you get from your garden?	yes that s why i love i love the passion of teaching biology in college	i see . my husband owns his own business .	kind of business does your husband have i like walking	he has a web development company .	oh that is so cool	thank you . he really enjoys it.
rep-1831	hello , how are you this evening ?	hi , animal lover here , two hound dogs and a trio of cats .	hello , how are you this evening ?	hi , animal lover here , two hound dogs and a trio of cats .	oh wow . you have a lot of animals . ever eat polar bear ?	never ! do you like music ? i love barry manila , he is my favorite .	i do not . i explore the artic and love podcasts .	i am studying to be a teacher , following in my parents footsteps . and you ?	i study the ice shelves and things like that .	mountains are near where i like so i hike every weekend . bears are a problem .	i mainly stay in base camp in the arctic circle .	i bet you can learn a lot studying ice , must be cold though .	it is . some people freeze to death .	yikes , too cold for me . i will stay home with my pets !	i do not have any pets .	you are missing out my friend , they bring a lot of joy to life .
rep-1832	hi ! what is your favorite movie ? mine is dark knight
rep-1833	hello i am ray i am 20 years old	that is ironic, my dad is named ray . he lives with my mom in australia	hello i am ray i am 20 years old	that is ironic, my dad is named ray . he lives with my mom in australia	i just entered the army 6 months ago, i deployed to south korea	do they serve eggplant parmigiana in south korea? that is my favorite food	no they do not serve that here, but they do in puerto rico, was born there	i bought my dog charlie from someone in puerto rico	i joined the army because i like to be a violent person
rep-1834	hello, are you familiar with any good barbeque restaurants in your area?	hi! yes, there are several . do you like bacon?	hello, are you familiar with any good barbeque restaurants in your area?	hi! yes, there are several . do you like bacon?	i do especially with barbeque sauce .	i like it covered in chocolate .	i have never tried that, it sounds good tho . do you prefer milk or dark?	either, lol . it is all good .	what do you do for work?	i am a civil engineer, you?	i work as an admin assistant . i have done that for years, hope to retire soon .	i used to do that before i earned my degree .	nice, where did you go to school? i never finished college .	i went to akron u, in ohio .	i went to a concert by that campus once, very pretty there .	it truly is . akron is a great little city .	we went to a beatles concert, it was so much fun .	i prefer the rolling stones, they have been around forever.
rep-1835	good morning, have you went for a walk yet? simon and i have.
rep-1836	hi! do you have any hobbies? i like to sew and make quilts	hi, i like to study plants and organisms .	hi! do you have any hobbies? i like to sew and make quilts	hi, i like to study plants and organisms .	interesting . since i retired i try not to study anything . i just walk	oh i like walking too!	i try to do a walk a day . how much do you walk?	i take walks in my garden a few times a week .	that sounds nice . my cat likes to hang out in my garden . she is a siamese
rep-1837	hello , how are you ? hold old are you ? i am 34 .	oh hey , i am a 5 foot , 35 year old woman who has a dog , pedro .	hello , how are you ? hold old are you ? i am 34 .	oh hey , i am a 5 foot , 35 year old woman who has a dog , pedro .	awesome . what do you do for a living ? i work as an environmentalist .	i work in healthcare . it is boring .	i am sorry . where did you go to school ? i attended the university of mississippi .	in new york . it is in a great town with film festivals .	awesome ! do you have any kids ? i have two . they are in kindergarten .	i have a two year old daughter . . she inherited my love of muffins .	that is adorable . i have worked in real estate for 12 years . i see lots of kids !	i tried getting a real estate licence but it seemed too tedious .	it can be . it is worth it once you are done though .	i believe it . it seemed like something i would like .	i would recommend it . it can be very rewarding if you put in the hard work .	maybe i will revisit the idea in the future !
rep-1838	hi how are you doing i am okay .	i am doing very good! i hope you had a very nice, relaxing sunday .	hi how are you doing i am okay .	i am doing very good! i hope you had a very nice, relaxing sunday .	yes it was okay thank you so much i like walking . do you?	i do, especially in the woods when i am out hunting . do you hunt?
rep-1839	i am always trying to reserve for other but how are you	just got off work mcdonalds is not cutting it i might go back to school	i am always trying to reserve for other but how are you	just got off work mcdonalds is not cutting it i might go back to school	i mean to say that introvert is my personality my cats serve them love me	i cant stop thinking of my real parents they aban	your parents that do they live in a faraway island just like me	i do not know since they abandoned me	hey i m actually into writing specially romance novel	nice maybe il study writing does it pay any good ?
rep-1840	hello how are you today	i am doing well , and you ?	hello how are you today	i am doing well , and you ?	i am doing great ! its my favorite time of the year	mine as well , i plan to walk my two dogs later today	what kind of dogs do you have ? the only pet i have is a turtle	i have a german shepards , what is your turtles name ?	his name is tim . german shepards are the cutest dogs	yes they are . what do you do for a living ?
rep-1841	hi there how are you	hello , i am great . just came back from running . how are you ?	hi there how are you	hello , i am great . just came back from running . how are you ?	i am good . just reading some of my fantasy books .	that sounds nice . i work at taco bell , are you employed ?	i am a tarot card reader . and medium .	sweet ! i throw down the cards in cleveland , where are you ?	chicago . not the best spot for readers .
rep-1842	hey, do you want to marry me? i go to college .	sorry, i am in college myself and want to finish my education first .	hey, do you want to marry me? i go to college .	sorry, i am in college myself and want to finish my education first .	oh, i guess that is fine . where are you from?	i am in ohio, i play lacrosse for ohio state .	what are you studying? i am trying to go for marine biology	music theory . i love tupac, so i want to incorporate it into therapy sessions .	he was hot . rip . that is really cool	i loved him, and cried when he passed .	i was too young to really understand.
rep-1843	hi how are you today	hi . i am good . i am from new york city . where do you live ?	hi how are you today	hi . i am good . i am from new york city . where do you live ?	i live with my parents . do you work ?	yeah . modeling . keeps me single . i travel too much . how about you ?	i am a nurse which also keeps me single too	that is an important job . stressful though . what do you do in your spare time ?	i ride my bike around mostly	healthy hobby . i practice acting , hoping to some day get my big break .	sounds like fun do you have siblings ?	no , i am a bit of a loaner . do you have siblings ?	i do not but i have 3 adult kids	its great to have family . i want to find love , but no kids for me .	i do enjoy caring for people	yeah . i sing for people sometimes .	very nice that sounds angelic	i hope so . growing up i watched lots of shirley temple movies .
rep-1844	i just got back from a bike ride with my grandchildren .	that sounds lovely ! have you ever taken them to the zoo ? i love zoos !	i just got back from a bike ride with my grandchildren .	that sounds lovely ! have you ever taken them to the zoo ? i love zoos !	zoos are awesome ! i adopted my cat from the zoo	what kind of cat ? i do not have any pets .	you have to promise not to tell , having tigers is illegal	no need to worry , i am a nurse not a cop !	that is so cool . i am a nurses aide at the old folks home	how nice . sometimes i donate teddy bears to old folks homes i have a large collection	that is a nice thing to do . my grandchildren like teddy bears too	i have extras i can give them ! not the green ones that is my favorite color !	thank you ! i will have six happy grandkids ! can fido have one too ?
rep-1845	hey , nice to meet you . what are you hobbies ?	hello , how are you today ? i fight for environmental rights .	hey , nice to meet you . what are you hobbies ?	hello , how are you today ? i fight for environmental rights .
rep-1846	hello, how are you doing?	so tired . just got off job 1 and off to job 2 soon . you?	hello, how are you doing?	so tired . just got off job 1 and off to job 2 soon . you?	i am reading fashion magazines .	oh, do you like that kind of stuff? models, shoes, fashion?	yeah, i want to learn to make clothes .	like movie costumes and stuff like that?	just every day clothes like dresses or shirts .	you should try making costumes, like fantasy costumes	okay, i will think about it . have you done that before?	no, but i love the costumes in the lord of the rings .	yes, that sounds like a fun job if you can get it.
rep-1847	hey there w are you ?	pretty good . my three daughters and i just saw heart in concert .	hey there w are you ?	pretty good . my three daughters and i just saw heart in concert .	i despise cats , so devilish .	that is funny . mine just caught a mole today , it was yucky .	i can not stand my dad ugh	oh , my , you seem like you are having a bad day . need a hug ?	ugh , i love some good fried onions	i can not keep up with how fast you keep changing topics . need an onion ?	no i am having a awesome day !	oh , i thought you were taking your anger out on cats and your dad .
rep-1848	hey guess what? i am a jewish boy and still enjoy jazz music .	cool! i am jewish too! i play pop music, i am the lead singer of bb2	hey guess what? i am a jewish boy and still enjoy jazz music .	cool! i am jewish too! i play pop music, i am the lead singer of bb2	nice, do you have a tv show you like my favorite one is the office .	never have time to watch tv, we are always on tour or throwing a party!	lucky, my jew parents will not let me eat sweets can you belive that	what? my dad is awesome, i dropped out of school to travel with him .	i do not even get to drive myself, mostly because i live in new york though .	love nyc! party all the time, my dad drove a semi, i helped .	sometimes people will laugh at me because i ride a unicycle . . .	my sister does too!! i have 31 do you have siblings?	no, i am the last in line of my family of royal jews	3 not 31 . . that would be scary! sad
rep-1849	drink more water . tracy here . nice to meet you .	i drink water when i hike . my name is suzie .	drink more water . tracy here . nice to meet you .	i drink water when i hike . my name is suzie .	great ! hi sus . i love my three children and my cat named grace . you ?
rep-1850	hello how are you ?	i am good but busy , you ?	hello how are you ?	i am good but busy , you ?	doing well just playing with my dog who is 180 pounds	what breed of dog is it ?	a akita named keiko we go for super long walks	sounds great , i love long walks , and being active in general .	what is your favorite thing to do while being active ?	just playing sports . any sport , really .	have a favorite sport ? what is your favorite food ?	as a 22 year old woman , i can eat whatever i want .	we should go out for italian that is my favorite food	as long as some of my friends can come with . . .
rep-1851	hi, i work at fast food, what do you do for work?	i am a work at home father and it is good; especially since i became a dad .	hi, i work at fast food, what do you do for work?	i am a work at home father and it is good; especially since i became a dad .	good for you, i do not have a family, i am single and a worker	what kind of work do you do?	fast food, i did not graduate high school so i do not have a good job
rep-1852	hello . how are you tonight ? long day of advertising .	advertising ? that sounds easy . i am a social worker dealing with at risk youth .	hello . how are you tonight ? long day of advertising .	advertising ? that sounds easy . i am a social worker dealing with at risk youth .	so you do something good . i travel abroad a lot and advertise the underground city night life .	that sounds cool . these kids drive me nuts .
rep-1853	hello how are you doing ?	swimmingly . how are you ?	hello how are you doing ?	swimmingly . how are you ?	great thanks . i like to go hunting for polar bears	polar bears ? are those like , mythical creatures who cannot swim and live above ?	haha i hunt them to eat	oh no ! do you hunt mer people also ? ?	a few years ago i was a geology teacher hence i am fascinated by ice .	geology ? is that rocks or something ? i hide behind those sometimes .	my ex boyfriend taught me how to ice fish . you hide behind rocks ? that is nice	oh no . please tell me where he fishes so i can stay away ! !	do not be afraid . polar bears is good for eating	my sister got stuck in a fishing net once !
rep-1854	hello , how are you doing today ?	i am doing pretty good , how are you ?	hello , how are you doing today ?	i am doing pretty good , how are you ?	great , what is your favorite color ?	green . what do you do for fun ?	green is my favorite too ! i collect teddy bears . you ?
rep-1855	i am always trying to reserve for other but how are you	just got off work mcdonalds is not cutting it i might go back to school	i am always trying to reserve for other but how are you	just got off work mcdonalds is not cutting it i might go back to school	i mean to say that introvert is my personality my cats serve them love me	i cant stop thinking of my real parents they aban	your parents that do they live in a faraway island just like me	i do not know since they abandoned me	hey i m actually into writing specially romance novel	nice maybe il study writing does it pay any good?	it s really good i suggested for you	what are your plans for the rest of the week?	i will just continue on writing	will you ever make your novel into a movie?	if it will be a hit and then i will	nice i wish i read more i usually just watch the movie
rep-1856	hi how are you today	not bad just got done playing second life	hi how are you today	not bad just got done playing second life	very good do you have any cats ?	yes , i a also a furry	that is no good i am allergic	oh , i understand . i have some allergies too	do you wake up early ?	not really , i stay up late online	did you go to public school ?
rep-1857	hello , i have been busy singing karaoke ; what are you doing ?	i am good busy with 2 part time jobs	hello , i have been busy singing karaoke ; what are you doing ?	i am good busy with 2 part time jobs	well , i understand the need for money .	yeah i wanna write book someday	that sounds like a neat idea . i was in the army and consider telling my stories .
rep-1858	hi . how are you ? sittin on the beach myself .	hello , i am ok just hanging out here . do you have pets ?	hi . how are you ? sittin on the beach myself .	hello , i am ok just hanging out here . do you have pets ?	no , no pets . but i loves horses , they are my favorite .	i work as a carpenter , stay at home mostly . kinda a loner	i like to build things . my pops sell cars but that is not for me .	i can not see my self as a salesman not good at socializing	i feel ya on that . i have social anxiety . hate going out .	i use to drink a lot and since i quit so did my friends	that is a good thing to quit . that is a biased opinion though .	i would agree that is it good . my friends were not true friends	nope . not if they bailed like that . that is garbage .	well that is human nature min . you are no fun people run .
rep-1859	hi! how are you? do you have any hobbies?	hi . yeah, i guess . i love going to the theater for movies .	hi! how are you? do you have any hobbies?	hi . yeah, i guess . i love going to the theater for movies .	that is cool! do you have a favorite movie?	yeah, i like love actually, i watch it with my husband .	cool! i like to watch tv with my cat .	i like tv too, but my husband is always complaining i need to exercise more	that is sad . i exercise every day . i walk 1 mile daily .	oh? i hate to exercise, i would rather stay home all day, frankly .	really? i like to exercise but sometimes i just stay home and sew .	huh, what sorts of things do you sew?	i like to sew quilts! i give them away as gifts to family members .	huh, maybe i should commission one to give to my husband for his birthday .	you should! do you and your husband like to do hobbies together?
rep-1860	hi there how are you today ?	i am super swell , got home from a good day at work	hi there how are you today ?	i am super swell , got home from a good day at work	oh what do you do for a living ?	i worl at my local petsmart , stocking heavy bags of food	so do you have any pets ?	yeah my dog lassie and my cat oliver	i do not have a pet but i do have a kid i think the world of	i am my dads world lol , he is a retired cop	that is cool . i am a kindergarten teacher	is your kid in your class ? that would be fun	no not yet she is a little to young	i love to go running , its my favorite passion . i wish i ran for a living
rep-1861	hi how are you today	great and how are you ?	hi how are you today	great and how are you ?	pretty good do you work ?	yes i fix hair , how about you	i work as a secretary	cool . i love christmas , what is your favorite holiday	christmas is probably mine too haha	awesome ! ! ! i love all the decorations	what is your favorite color ?	everything green , what is yours	green too ! what a small world haha	we could totally be friends lol	yeah what is your name huh ?	my name is jamie , yours ?
rep-1862	hello there how is your day going ?	hello to you , how was your day ?	hello there how is your day going ?	hello to you , how was your day ?	hi , my day is going good . what did you have for breakfast ?	cereal with milk , then school most of the day . and you ?	nice , that is good , i had 3 pancakes post gym workout . what do you outside of school ?	well , after dinner , my friends and i will play out of doors . how was gym ?	how old are you btw ? gym was full of old people in the morning .	you enough to daydream about living in the ocean with long , wavy hair and a flexible tail .	i am really confused about your response .	my error young not you is the first word . do you have day dreams ?	oh ok . i day dream all the time , mostly about the things i want to do .	like travel or be a super hero ?	like traveling on a motorcycle , sleeping in hotels and stuff like that . i wish .	ahh i see . motorcycles are fun but other drivers are dangerous and do not see you .	i will be sure to be safe .	i like riding up in the hills around the curves . . .
rep-1863	hi there , how is it going ?	i am doing alright how are you ?	hi there , how is it going ?	i am doing alright how are you ?	i am good , just spending some time online .	i just finished eating dinner with my family .	oh , i live alone in my apartment .
rep-1864	hello how are you tonight?	i am engage to my high school sweetheart .	hello how are you tonight?	i am engage to my high school sweetheart .	i see a lot of high school sweet hearts being a teacher and all!	you probably seen my doug . he is a sport person on tv .	i doubt it . i usually read rather then watch tv . what are your hobbies?	i am a singer song writer? and you?	as i said, i am a teacher but i also love cooking!	i am not looking to make any new friends but what your specialty dish?	usually the inner lining of a baby ox marinated . are you into politics?	hmmm . that is special . would you like to talk politics teacher?	i mean i am a republican . where do you stand?
rep-1865	hey hows your day going sir	hehe, i am actually a miss . it is going well, what about yourself?	hey hows your day going sir	hehe, i am actually a miss . it is going well, what about yourself?	oops sorry miss haha . i am doing good . feeding my 3 dogs
rep-1866	hey guess what ? i am a jewish boy and still enjoy jazz music .
rep-1867	did you pull your tag on elk this year ? i have been spotting up by the wolf ridge .	i actually was not able to get an elk tag this season .	did you pull your tag on elk this year ? i have been spotting up by the wolf ridge .	i actually was not able to get an elk tag this season .	what are you going to do instead ?	i might go and see metallica with the money instead .	that is epic ! i have an opportunity if you are interested .	what kind of opportunity do you have ?	i have a company that rents property . we could use another handyman you game ?	i would be willing to help ! i also have management experience from my job .
rep-1868	hey, nice to meet you . what are you hobbies?	hello, how are you today? i fight for environmental rights .	hey, nice to meet you . what are you hobbies?	hello, how are you today? i fight for environmental rights .	oh cool . i am well . i grew up on a horse ranch . still there .	that sounds neat . i actually work selling homes . so you ranch?	yes . i love taking care of my horses .	my kids would love to see your horses .	well you are welcome to visit .	thank you . are you considering college?
rep-1869	have you ever seen the sun rise in a small town ?	almost every day of my life , i was born , raised and still live in one .	have you ever seen the sun rise in a small town ?	almost every day of my life , i was born , raised and still live in one .	no kidding me too ! my only complaint is the local schools .	i hear ya ! mine was horrid , thankfully i am in college for web design and coding now .	that is fantastic maybe you could help give me some pointers i am homeschooling my kids .	that has to be a rough job . python for kids is awesome .	i will give it a shot ! what do you like to do ?	drink iced tea and fish . party , hang out with friends .	sounds like a great time my severe allergy to cats keeps me home crafting .
rep-1870	hey guess what? i am a jewish boy and still enjoy jazz music .	cool! i am jewish too! i play pop music, i am the lead singer of bb2	hey guess what? i am a jewish boy and still enjoy jazz music .	cool! i am jewish too! i play pop music, i am the lead singer of bb2	nice, do you have a tv show you like my favorite one is the office .	never have time to watch tv, we are always on tour or throwing a party!
rep-1871	hi , i work at fast food , what do you do for work ?	i am a work at home father and it is good ; especially since i became a dad .	hi , i work at fast food , what do you do for work ?	i am a work at home father and it is good ; especially since i became a dad .	good for you , i do not have a family , i am single and a worker	what kind of work do you do ?	fast food , i did not graduate high school so i do not have a good job	any job is a good job . you should be proud .	i suppose but i live in a small apartment in a low income place	the good thing is online courses can help you advance if you like .	no i like living in a small apartment and working in fast food , it gets me by	ok , well i like my golden retriever named ginger and watching titanic again .
rep-1872	hi there how are you doing ?	i am doing ok how about you	hi there how are you doing ?	i am doing ok how about you	i am good just got home from work .	you been to the arctic region	no can not say that i have . tho i work out like crazy .	well are they cleaning is all been crazy and i plan to go there explore	that i think will be hard work . do you want kids ?	not married and i m teaching geology before but i switched to hunting	that is quite a change up . i am single and loving it . no babies for me	i go for polar bear for food	can not say i have tried that .	fish i ice them usually	i work in a hospital on nicu unit
rep-1873	hello . do you like animals ?	i love all cute things ! babies are on the top of my list now	hello . do you like animals ?	i love all cute things ! babies are on the top of my list now	i love babies too ! right now i have 2 dogs . no cats . i hate them .	right ? ! i have actually been knitting hats for babies in hospitals for last few years	that is so cool ! i am only in middle school but i could do that .	i am a few years older , whats your favorite music ? mine is country !	i like rock and pop . i want to be an actor after high school .	that would be awesome , i want to be a chef since i love cooking	i love eating ! you can be my chef when i get rich and famous .	sounds like a plan ! it will be a vegan menu though !	on second thought . . . lol . can i tell you a secret ?	yes i would love to hear a secret !	i have not told my parents yet but i am trans .
rep-1874	hello, how are you today?	fine how are you on this cold day?	hello, how are you today?
rep-1875	hello i love living in new york	hello , do they have great italian restaurants like they do in italy there ?	hello i love living in new york
rep-1876	hello, how are you tonight? do you know where edris island is?	i do not . i work in an animal shelter tho . i am the cleaner there .	hello, how are you tonight? do you know where edris island is?	i do not . i work in an animal shelter tho . i am the cleaner there .	that is okay, i have a dog, ralph .	i love dogs . i like them better than humans at times .	same here . my parents passed and it is only my sister and i .	you like music? simple plan is my fav . band .	my favorite is oomph . have you heard of them?	no i have not . what genre are they?	metal, they are german . do not let the name fool you, they are good .	very cool . metal is cool .	it is . what else do you do?	i watch a lot of tv .	i do too, do you like hawaii 5 0?
rep-1877	how is your day going so far?	good, just gardening in my large garden!	how is your day going so far?	good, just gardening in my large garden!	that sounds fun! i am tending to my meat rabbits	meat rabbits? do you like traveling? i love it
rep-1878	hello! can you believe that i am going to college next year?	that is awesome! where are you planning to go?	hello! can you believe that i am going to college next year?	that is awesome! where are you planning to go?	auburn . i thought i would study fashion but i think will become a doctor.
rep-1879	hi! i am watching morning news with my beloved husband . you?	i am getting ready for work . i am a nurse .	hi! i am watching morning news with my beloved husband . you?	i am getting ready for work . i am a nurse .	what a great profession . you would probably tell me to work out more!	ha ha . i try not to preach . do you collect anything? i collect bears .	i collect my favorite movies . bears are cute!	yes . i go to the zoo all the time to watch the bears.
rep-1880	hello there . where are you from ?	i am from canada . how about you ?	hello there . where are you from ?	i am from canada . how about you ?	interesting . i am from pennsylvania in the us .	wow , how is it there ?	it is okay . nothing special !	do you get into politics ?	sometime . i try to be well rounded in discussion .	i love to listen to debates .	which presidential candidate from the past did you enjoy listening to most ?	i like listening to hilary clinton	yes , her debates last year were very interesting .	do you like computers or anything like that ?	i do . i am somewhat interested .	what do you like about them ?	i am fascinated their ability to do so many things more efficiently than a human can .
rep-1881	have you ever seen the sun rise in a small town?	almost every day of my life, i was born, raised and still live in one .	have you ever seen the sun rise in a small town?	almost every day of my life, i was born, raised and still live in one.
rep-1882	hello, how are you today?	hello i am doing well . hanging out with my dog pedro	hello, how are you today?	hello i am doing well . hanging out with my dog pedro	what kind of dog is he?	he is a yorkie . perfect size for me since i am only five feet tall .	how old is your dog?	he is five . he likes to eat muffins like me .	do you take him to the dog park?	yes, there is one at my job at the healthcare industry .	do you like your job? i am in real estate .	yes . i also like film do you?	i like movies about history .	so do i . i also like documentaries, do you?	yes, i like most of them . as long as it is something i am interested in .	same here . anything else you want to share with me?
rep-1883	hello ! how are you today ?	i am okay . missing home today . i am part of the army . currently in south korea	hello ! how are you today ?	i am okay . missing home today . i am part of the army . currently in south korea	oh it is hard to be so far from home .	yes , for only 21 , its hard to be away long	how long have you been in the military ?	a year now . so where are you from ?	i am from tampa , but i live in seattle now .	i see . i am from puerto rico	that sounds great . it seems like a great tropical place .	it is . you should visit there some time	i would love to . are you enjoying south korea ?
rep-1884	good evening . how are you ?	having a quiet evening at home with my cats . how are you ?	good evening . how are you ?	having a quiet evening at home with my cats . how are you ?	doing the same . listening to some country music .	i love country music ! the stories always give me ideas for writing .	i knit hats for infants at the hospital so i play country music a lot .	sounds like a very cozy life . do you like restaurants ?	i do . i am vegan so its hard to order . i love cooking at home tho .	there are no vegan restaurants on the island where i live .	where do you live at ?	a small island almost no one has heard of	i lived on harkers island in north carolina when i was younger .	there are some great romance novels set in nc .	so i have heard . i have never read any tho .	i prefer to write rather than read .	that is very cool that you write .	it is a passion of mine and what i always wanted out of life .
rep-1885	hi here i am in sunny california . where do you live?	i live in florida but my family is from toronto	hi here i am in sunny california . where do you live?	i live in florida but my family is from toronto	oh i see . moving to the east coast next year to the big apple .	cool . how old are you?	now i am 23 and acting is my profession . also do a little runway modeling.
rep-1886	hello there how is your day going ?	hello to you , how was your day ?	hello there how is your day going ?	hello to you , how was your day ?	hi , my day is going good . what did you have for breakfast ?	cereal with milk , then school most of the day . and you ?
rep-1887	hey, do you have any pets	yes i have a hunting dog .	hey, do you have any pets	yes i have a hunting dog .	i have a lot of pets .	oh nice what do you do?
rep-1888	hi i work as a arctic explorer i used to be a geology teacher	hi i am retired i use to be a banker	hi i work as a arctic explorer i used to be a geology teacher	hi i am retired i use to be a banker	cool its fun to ice fish have you ever done that?	no where i live it never gets cold enough for it	bummer for sure i love to find lost arctic things	yeah out here i think its snowed like twice	where do you live now?	i live in louisiana	cool i have never been there	its extremely hot out here	i bet it is . do you like the saints?	not really, i do not like sports	do you like to watch movies?	yes just about all genres	cool have you seen it?	yes! i loved it what about you
rep-1889	hello, my name is jonas, how are you doing today?	bad, i am broke and my low income apartment has rent due tomorrow
rep-1890	hello how are you?	i am fine shopping for clothes wyd?	hello how are you?	i am fine shopping for clothes wyd?	what kind of clothes? i am just playing with ginger my golden retriever
rep-1891	hey there how are you?	hello, i am doing great today what about you?	hey there how are you?	hello, i am doing great today what about you?	i am well just tired, all the little ones in my class are busy	i am thinking about riding my bike tomorrow after work .	really? cool have any pets? i do .	i volunteered today at the homeless shelter . i like helping others .	that is sweet of you, i just got out of college 2 years ago
rep-1892	how are you doing today	i am great! i am sarah! how are you today?	how are you doing today	i am great! i am sarah! how are you today?	i am great listening to john denver	that sounds like fun . i am researching for my next trip .	where are you going to	going back to asia, just cannot decide the destination . any hobbies? i love travel.
rep-1893	how are you doing today?	hey i am fine how about yourself	how are you doing today?	hey i am fine how about yourself	i am exhausted! my neck and my back hurt really bad .	i know that feeling oh too well	how old are you? i am 75 years old	i am 20 years old	what do you do for work?	i am a student actually
rep-1894	hi how are you today	i am fine thank you, how about u?	hi how are you today	i am fine thank you, how about u?	good where do you work	i am from new york, you?	i live in ohio that is cool	my work is science fiction author, you?	i just recently graduated i am looking	my father and mother passed away last year	i am sorry to hear that friend	i done my engineering graduate from mit	wow that is a very nice place	i afraid of snakes, you	i also fear kevin durant too	i am unmarried, you are a married person?
rep-1895	hello friend . how are you ?	doing well . how are you ?	hello friend . how are you ?	doing well . how are you ?	feeling very inspired today actually . where are you from ?	what is inspiring you ? i am from illinois . you ?	i am an aspiring writer from the north west . do you like to read ?	i do ! but i would rather hang out with my robot best friend	your friend is a robot ? what is his name ?	yeah , i am homeschooled so i made my own friend . his name is sparky	this sounds like a great fantasy novel come to life !	what can i say ? i am amazing lol	its almost as cool as lord of the rings . have you seen those movies ?
rep-1896	hi , i have a cat , dog , bird and fish . no children . no soda just water .	you have a lot of pets	hi , i have a cat , dog , bird and fish . no children . no soda just water .
rep-1897	hello, my name is jonas, how are you doing today?	bad, i am broke and my low income apartment has rent due tomorrow	hello, my name is jonas, how are you doing today?	bad, i am broke and my low income apartment has rent due tomorrow	i know that feeling . i have been stuck at the same low paying job for years.
rep-1898	hi how are you today	hi! i am feeling great after a 40 minutes workout .	hi how are you today	hi! i am feeling great after a 40 minutes workout .	what did you eat after it?	some fresh fruit, a very light snack .	nice do you read books?	some, mostly about bodybuilding . do you read?	i love cheesy ghost romances	do they scare you? is that what you like about them?	i think they just get me excited	do you believe ghosts really exist?	maybe the hopes of them existing	i have never seen one myself .	me either but maybe they just hide well	is there anything unusual about you?
rep-1899	hello , how are you tonight ? do you know where edris island is ?
rep-1900	i just ate a mango and now i need to go to the hospital .	are you allergic? dogs give me bad allergies .	i just ate a mango and now i need to go to the hospital .	are you allergic? dogs give me bad allergies .	yes, but i am a bit dramatic . sometimes i use an english accent for fun .	my mother use to have an english accent she left when i was 5	i have a sad story, i lost 3 spouses . still married to the fourth, though .	i am in the army . i joined right after high school .	i cut hair of dogs in a creative way .	i like to go to the karaoke bars	i like artifacts from the civil war . any hobbies for you?	i like to draw and create art	how creative . my current wife is an artist .	it really relaxes me and i love to see it come to life!	i admire that . good for you.
rep-1901	hello , how are you today ?	hi . not so hot . i got poison ivy hiking last weekend . how are you ?	hello , how are you today ?	hi . not so hot . i got poison ivy hiking last weekend . how are you ?	oh no ! i am tired , but doing okay	yeah . i should have stuck to writing nature poems like usual .	sounds like it ! are you a writer ?	more of a reader , but i write a bit . what is your profession ?	i am a retired veteran , so i am more focused on hobbies now	i have lots of hobbies like collecting weird stickers . what are yours ?	i like to ride my custom wheelchair on hiking trails	nature is so beautiful . do you know how to draw ? i would like to learn .	i can draw a bit , but nothing special . do you like nature ?	yep . but i have learned my lesson . next week i will try cooking instead .
rep-1902	hi there . how are you doing	i am well thank you and yourself?	hi there . how are you doing	i am well thank you and yourself?	not too bad . just got back from horseback riding	horses i love them . i also like rabbits country music you?	no country music for me . i am more of an introvert, how about you	i have turned body building into a career .	that would be awesome . kudos to you	thanks . one thing that does not involve seeing color	are you colorblind like i am?	i am very much so my sister likes to pick on me	mean . i got made fun of too
rep-1903	i am getting hungry, how about you?	i just ate with my two boys . i am a single mom .	i am getting hungry, how about you?	i just ate with my two boys . i am a single mom .	tell me it was vegan food please, that is all i eat .	nope, i am a meat eater . do you drive? my car is a honda civic .	i drive a truck so i can play my country music everywhere i go .	that is awesome! i am an accountant . do you like to hike? i love it.
rep-1904	hello, how are you tonight? do you know where edris island is?	i do not . i work in an animal shelter tho . i am the cleaner there .	hello, how are you tonight? do you know where edris island is?	i do not . i work in an animal shelter tho . i am the cleaner there .	that is okay, i have a dog, ralph .	i love dogs . i like them better than humans at times .	same here . my parents passed and it is only my sister and i .	you like music? simple plan is my fav . band .	my favorite is oomph . have you heard of them?	no i have not . what genre are they?	metal, they are german . do not let the name fool you, they are good .	very cool . metal is cool.
rep-1905	hello ! what are you doing ?	i am working on my latest quilt , do you have hobbies ?	hello ! what are you doing ?	i am working on my latest quilt , do you have hobbies ?	yes ! i have exotic fish and just finished cleaning their aquarium .	wow that is a cool bet . do they have names ?	larry moe curly dory and nemo . not original . what kind of quilt are you making ?	lol that is hilarious . it is a patriotic quilt as a present for my dad	that is very sweet . did he serve ?	yes , he is a war vet . i am making it for veterans day	i am sure he will appreciate it . my eldest boy wants to join the air force .	that is something to be proud of . we should all be proud of our military	i agree . it is scary and i am worried , but i agree .	well best of luck to him . i know he must appreciate your support	what branch did your father serve in ?	army . he is from scotland and serving in the army meant a lot to him	well , good luck with the quilt .	thank you . good luck to your son
rep-1906	good evening . how are you ?	having a quiet evening at home with my cats . how are you ?	good evening . how are you ?	having a quiet evening at home with my cats . how are you ?	doing the same . listening to some country music .	i love country music ! the stories always give me ideas for writing .	i knit hats for infants at the hospital so i play country music a lot .	sounds like a very cozy life . do you like restaurants ?	i do . i am vegan so its hard to order . i love cooking at home tho .	there are no vegan restaurants on the island where i live .	where do you live at ?	a small island almost no one has heard of
rep-1907	hi! what do you like to do? i like reading and video games	hello . i do not really play video games, but i am a big movie fan .	hi! what do you like to do? i like reading and video games	hello . i do not really play video games, but i am a big movie fan .	i like to read drama books that are sometimes made into movies	that is interesting . my favorite movie is napoleon dynamite . i even named my dog pedro .	haha funny . i love dogs since i am a veterinarian .	oh wow! i wanted to be a vet when i was a kid . i work in healthcare .	cool! i live in florida so lots of doctors here	very nice, i love florida . what are your hobbies? i enjoy baking, my favorite are muffins .	i travel back to my home state of california and read	so you have family in california?	yes i do . they always tell me jordan, move back home	i am sure they miss you . how long have you lived in florida?	since i moved here for vet school . where do you live?	i am from detroit . it is a tough place for a five foot tall woman .	i am sure you are tough!
rep-1908	did you pull your tag on elk this year ? i have been spotting up by the wolf ridge .	i actually was not able to get an elk tag this season .	did you pull your tag on elk this year ? i have been spotting up by the wolf ridge .
rep-1909	good morning . how are you ?
rep-1910	hello , how are you doing ?	i am great , just sitting at work . how are you	hello , how are you doing ?	i am great , just sitting at work . how are you	fine , where do you work ?	i am a real estate agent , how about you	i work with troubled teens .	goodness that must be challenging . my children are still in kindergarten	it is not too bad . do they like school ?	yes they do so far . so how do you feel about the environment	i am not worried about the invisible parts . but people should not litter .	no we must strive to do everything we can to save the planet	what kind of polluting are you most concerned about ?
rep-1911	hello how are you today	not too bad , eating a ribeye at the moment	hello how are you today	not too bad , eating a ribeye at the moment	sounds good , i love steak	i love it almost as much as the sound system i have in my truck	yeah its great i go to the gym 3 times a week	i prefer hiking and camping , cardio at the gym is so boring	i have a lot of free time being single and living alone
rep-1912	hi! what is your name?	amanda . what do they call you?	hi! what is your name?	amanda . what do they call you?	hi amanda . i am lucy . what are you up to?	enjoying a much needed night off with my pup . you?	sounds fun . i am getting things ready for work tomorrow .	cool beans . where are you working?	i work as a secretary . how about you?	er nurse, and still not good enough for my dad lol .	oh man, that stinks . are you into any sports at all?	not really . no time with my schedule . you?	soccer . played in school and like to stay fit . job pretty stressful?	oh yeah . soccer is pretty fun though . do you play in a club?	not a formal club . more like rec center . what do you do for stress relief?	me and the pup like to go walk on trails.
rep-1913	hi how are you today	i am fine thank you , how about u ?	hi how are you today	i am fine thank you , how about u ?	good where do you work	i am from new york , you ?	i live in ohio that is cool	my work is science fiction author , you ?
rep-1914	good morning , have you went for a walk yet ? simon and i have .
rep-1915	hi here i am in sunny california . where do you live?	i live in florida but my family is from toronto	hi here i am in sunny california . where do you live?	i live in florida but my family is from toronto
rep-1916	how are you tonight ? are you interested in fitness ?	i am great , how are you ? i like to workout .	how are you tonight ? are you interested in fitness ?	i am great , how are you ? i like to workout .	i am doing well . i put on a lot of weight , so now i work out regularly .	while i am still young i am building up my muscle .	fortunately , i have a house on the beach , so i get to swim daily .	my down fall is that i love tea .	well , tea is more healthy than a lot of things . what do you do for work ?	i do web design and what do you do ?
rep-1917	hey what are your interests ?
rep-1918	hello . how are you doing today ?	i am good , just got home .	hello . how are you doing today ?	i am good , just got home .	what kind of work do you do ?	i am a model for a magazine .	small world . i am a model as well .
rep-1919	hi! do you enjoy walking? i am going out for a walk in my garden	i do enjoy walking! i love to put my headphones on and walk around .	hi! do you enjoy walking? i am going out for a walk in my garden	i do enjoy walking! i love to put my headphones on and walk around .	my college students always have headphones in . drives me nuts!	music is my bread and butter, i like surrounding myself with music . what do you teach?
rep-1920	good afternoon , how are you ?	hi , i enjoy watching sports on sunday .	good afternoon , how are you ?	hi , i enjoy watching sports on sunday .	me too . being colorblind it is hard for me to differentiate the teams sometime .	i see , i like watching football , how about you ?	i do . we watched a lot when i joined the army . i joined after high school .
rep-1921	hello, how are you this evening?	its a great night here in the mountains, you?	hello, how are you this evening?	its a great night here in the mountains, you?	its chilly here in ohio .	i do not mind chilly . i do not like snow though	i do not like to be cold, though snow is beautiful .	the snow makes it hard to walk the dogs, do you have pets?	i do not . my dog passed a few years ago .	that is always hard . i love pets . besides my 2 dogs there are 3 cats	i am going to school next year, for marine biology .	that sounds great . my parents both taught science	science and biology are my strongest subjects .	my parents would love you . i think i might try for a teaching degree	that is so awesome . my parents are disappointed .	i bet that is not true . who would not want their child to be scientist
rep-1922	hello? i have not had a lot of interaction lately .	hi there! do you live alone?	hello? i have not had a lot of interaction lately .	hi there! do you live alone?	i do, pretty faraway . on an island . alone .	it is hard to enjoy when there is no one to share it with.
rep-1923	good evening! how are you	i am good i am eating pizza which is the best food	good evening! how are you	i am good i am eating pizza which is the best food	that sounds yummy . i am getting ready for bed	i am also i have a big family 6 sisters and one brother	i do not have any family . just my new cat	i work for my moms restaurant part time what do you do?	i make clothing, i make all my own clothes and also sell some	cool i wish i could do that . i stutter when i get excited with things	you should try singing . i sing folk music .	good idea . i like to read romances about paranormal things
rep-1924	hello how are you ?	good . just got done volunteering for the animal shelter . you ?	hello how are you ?	good . just got done volunteering for the animal shelter . you ?	i am currently watching the news i watch it every night
rep-1925	hi there how are you doing?	i am good thanks . just got my nails done . you?	hi there how are you doing?	i am good thanks . just got my nails done . you?	i am pretty well getting ready for martial arts class	fun . what else do you like to do?	playing softball . and mentoring teens mostly	do you like the beach?	i do enjoy the sounds of waves yes
rep-1926	hello hope you are enjoying your autumn so far	hello how are you ? i currently go to college what about you ?	hello hope you are enjoying your autumn so far	hello how are you ? i currently go to college what about you ?	i went to college long ago in bora bora	that is so cool . are you single ? my girl resides with me .	i am single but live my girl and pet turtle	that is awesome . any other pets ? my pups name is max .	i have a dog and we play frisbee together	how nice . what did you go to school for ? i am going for law .	i studied history and political science . law is very interesting .	wow are you democratic ? tell me about bora bora i love sightseeing and trying fun things .
rep-1927	hey! do you like music? i like metallica .	i like country music mostly	hey! do you like music? i like metallica .	i like country music mostly	oh i see . tell me more about yourself .	i like the color green and teddy bears . work for red cross	nice . i was raised in wisconsin and have two male siblings .	are you the baby of the family	no i am the oldest actually .	i bet that was fun growing up
rep-1928	i am male , divorce , 6 grandchildren , ex named doug .	nice to meet you doug . i am lucy	i am male , divorce , 6 grandchildren , ex named doug .	nice to meet you doug . i am lucy	hi , i have schwinn bike and work in old folks home . you ?
rep-1929	how are you doing today?	i m good i just spent time with my family	how are you doing today?	i m good i just spent time with my family	well, i was listening taylor swift!	is that what you need your free time listen to music i read for my	yeah, i also ride horses	i do you bake cookies homemade for my kids	how many kids do you have
rep-1930	good morning how are you	tired after driving my truck for delivery . on the road for 19 hours .	good morning how are you	tired after driving my truck for delivery . on the road for 19 hours .	you know what would make your day feel shorter? some good oldies music	i like music but love mystery books more . have any children?	i have no children, that is why i am able to retire so soon	we are a family of 9 . husband, me and the children.
rep-1931	hello i am ray i am 20 years old	that is ironic , my dad is named ray . he lives with my mom in australia	hello i am ray i am 20 years old	that is ironic , my dad is named ray . he lives with my mom in australia	i just entered the army 6 months ago , i deployed to south korea
rep-1932	hello , how is your night going ?	going well , what do you do for a living ?	hello , how is your night going ?	going well , what do you do for a living ?	i am very young , but hope to be a professional dancer someday .	that is cool . what kind of dance ?	modern dance and ballet are my favorite . do you dance too ?	no , i am really into nutrition and fitness though .	oh nice . my father used to be very into fitness as well . do you play sports ?	not these days , i am mostly too busy with my dieting business to play many sports .	is the shop on edris island ? maybe i could stop in one day .	i am not sure where that is .	its where my sister , ralph and i live .	is ralph a pet of yours ?	yes , he is my dog . how did you know ?	crazy guess , what kind of dog is he ?	he is a mutt from the pound . mixed dogs are the best , kind of like people .	yeah i like reading plays about complex people like that .
rep-1933	hey there how are you now ?	hello how are you today	hey there how are you now ?	hello how are you today	i am proud to be a usa citizen
rep-1934	hi how are you doing?	i am well an you? like dogs .	hi how are you doing?	i am well an you? like dogs .	yes i have 2 german shepards	names? i have 3 dogs	i have a boy and a girl diesel and nala	awe how old are they?	26 where did you go to school i attended university of mississippi	i went here in ohio like pizza?	yes i do i usually order it every friday i am a real estate agent	what is your favorite holiday?	earth day since that what i do environmentalist	my fav is christmas i love that day	for the presents? or family	both i just love it, need your hair done?	i need a trim is that what you do?	yes i can do all that when you need me?
rep-1935	hello! i am getting my girls ready for school . you?	hi! i am getting my family ready . takes a while since there is four of us .	hello! i am getting my girls ready for school . you?	hi! i am getting my family ready . takes a while since there is four of us .	there are 4 of us too . me and my 3 girls . their dad is my ex	i also attend school . what are you going to school for?	i am a teacher just like my mother was	awesome! music is what i am studying since i like it so much .	i enjoy music too . heart is my favorite band	i saw them in concert . could not see much since i am only five feet .	haha my firefighter dad would have been able to hold you on his shoulders	did you come from a big family? it is just me, parents and a sibling.
rep-1936	hello how are you doing?	swimmingly . how are you?	hello how are you doing?	swimmingly . how are you?	great thanks . i like to go hunting for polar bears	polar bears? are those like, mythical creatures who cannot swim and live above?	haha i hunt them to eat	oh no! do you hunt mer people also??	a few years ago i was a geology teacher hence i am fascinated by ice .	geology? is that rocks or something? i hide behind those sometimes .	my ex boyfriend taught me how to ice fish . you hide behind rocks? that is nice	oh no . please tell me where he fishes so i can stay away!!	do not be afraid . polar bears is good for eating	my sister got stuck in a fishing net once!	my desire is to search and find arctic explorers	a human explorer? we brought one home once . he died though.
rep-1937	hello, my name is jonas, how are you doing today?	bad, i am broke and my low income apartment has rent due tomorrow	hello, my name is jonas, how are you doing today?	bad, i am broke and my low income apartment has rent due tomorrow	i know that feeling . i have been stuck at the same low paying job for years .	same here, fast food does not pay like how i thought it did at 16	at 16, i had a job taking care of cats, but now i really hate them .	i hate all animals to be honest	i see . i like most animals, i grew up on a farm .	dropping out of high school was a bad idea . the landlord just called.
rep-1938	hello and how are you doing this evening?	i tired just got home from the war museum	hello and how are you doing this evening?	i tired just got home from the war museum	have you ever heard of being a furry? that is who i am	oh wow! how was your day furry	lol good do you play on second life? i do	no just the living even though my wife keeps dying	i am online quite a bit
rep-1939	i just ran around when it s about paranormal	whoa ! that is freaky ! how is that done ?	i just ran around when it s about paranormal	whoa ! that is freaky ! how is that done ?	oh it s because of those novels paranormal mall i ve read	you like books huh ? i actually sell paranormal books ?	yeah i might probably visit but i work very busy at my moms restaurant part time	sweet . maybe you can trade food for books . do you cater to omnivores ?	this makes me excited and i m a musically stuttering only pizza	you sound very interesting ! do you need a graphic designer ? its my hobby .	i just need pizza on my favorites	you must like pizza as much as i like rush . you know ? the band ?	i have never heard of those band	awww man ! get some pizza , play some rush ! ! we should hang out sometime .	for sure i think that s a perfect setting	what music do you like ?
rep-1940	hi! how are you? what are you doing right now?	hey, i am great . other than recovering from surgery . how are you?	hi! how are you? what are you doing right now?	hey, i am great . other than recovering from surgery . how are you?	oh no! what happened? i am taking a break from driving .	i tore up my knee playing frisbee with my 2 dogs . where are you driving to?	i am driving a load to chicago . sorry about your knee . how is your recovery?	its going well so far . an excuse to lay around . you drive truck?	yes, i do . do you work for a living?	i am currently looking . i did not finish high school so its not easy finding something worth it .	do you have children to support? i must work to support my 7 children .	wow that is a lot . i do not have any kids . how old are yours?	they range from 2 to 16 . they and my job keep my busy.
rep-1941	hello how are you doing	hello i am doing okay how are you	hello how are you doing	hello i am doing okay how are you	very good thank you tell me about you ?	i just turned 20 and am stationed in south korea .	what do you guys get to do in your spare time . i play frisbee	i target practice but the others read books and write home . i cant write home	what is that . no one to write too or another reason ?
rep-1942	hi, do you like skating? i am a pro skater	i do not really know how to skate but i think its very cool	hi, do you like skating? i am a pro skater	i do not really know how to skate but i think its very cool	good, whenever i am not skating i am listening to bluegrass	i listen to music while i am doing carpentry . i just cant seem to stop moving ever	carpentry is cool, do you do that as work?	more of a hobby . i am 40 and still do not have a set career	nice please tell me more	i cant stay still long enough to keep a steady job . i am a restless guy	well least you were not born with a tail like me but i had it removed	i heard that happens sometimes . glad you got it removed	yeah, everyone used to make fun of me in high school when i worked at hollister	oh i assumed you got it removed as a baby	no, i purposely walked around with it during my teens
rep-1943	hi how are you today	hi i am fine and you how are you doing ?	hi how are you today	hi i am fine and you how are you doing ?	i am good what do you eat	i love pasta and i like to run also read too	i never exercise teach me	i wished i could i like vintage cars they are great	do you ever eat ice cream ?
rep-1944	hi! nice to chat with you . what kind of hobbies do you have?	hi! i like to collect teddy bears and volunteer for red cross . you?	hi! nice to chat with you . what kind of hobbies do you have?	hi! i like to collect teddy bears and volunteer for red cross . you?	i like to call myself a bodybuilder, but its a body in progress! ha!	that is nice . what do you do for a living?	construction . family business . my mom is actually our secretary! any siblings?	yes, i have two brothers and a sister . do you have any?
rep-1945	hello, how are you today?	good! i am in the army, stationed in south korea . it is a nice day here today .	hello, how are you today?	good! i am in the army, stationed in south korea . it is a nice day here today .	it is rainy here . i am in new york .	i am from puerto rico originally . how do you like new york?	it is all i have ever known, with the exception of pilgrimages to israel .	oh, wow! i bet israel is an interesting place to visit .	yes it is . they have bakeries that have savory treats, as i do not eat sweet .	that is very cool . how old are you? i am twenty .	i am 23 . do you like jazz?	i am more of a pop music person	i love tupac . do you watch the office?	i wish! i mostly just train and wait for my next mission .	that is so sad . i am in art school	the army suits me well . i can be a violent person if i have to be .	that is too bad . you seem like a really nice guy.
rep-1946	hey ! do you like music ? i like metallica .	i like country music mostly	hey ! do you like music ? i like metallica .	i like country music mostly	oh i see . tell me more about yourself .	i like the color green and teddy bears . work for red cross	nice . i was raised in wisconsin and have two male siblings .	are you the baby of the family	no i am the oldest actually .	i bet that was fun growing up	yes . we spent a lot of time in the snow . i like winter and snow .	i wish i would of had siblings at times	what do you do for living ? i do consulting at a management company .	i am a nurse love working with the elderly	brilliant . you must be very busy .	i usually am very busy ?	yes , it takes a lot of dedication .
rep-1947	good evening , i am taking a study break , how are you tonight ?	i am well . i just got home from hairdresser school .	good evening , i am taking a study break , how are you tonight ?	i am well . i just got home from hairdresser school .	that is awesome , it is really tough being a two year law student .
rep-1948	hello hope you are enjoying your autumn so far	hello how are you ? i currently go to college what about you ?	hello hope you are enjoying your autumn so far	hello how are you ? i currently go to college what about you ?	i went to college long ago in bora bora	that is so cool . are you single ? my girl resides with me .	i am single but live my girl and pet turtle	that is awesome . any other pets ? my pups name is max .	i have a dog and we play frisbee together	how nice . what did you go to school for ? i am going for law .	i studied history and political science . law is very interesting .	wow are you democratic ? tell me about bora bora i love sightseeing and trying fun things .
rep-1949	hello how are you doing ?	swimmingly . how are you ?	hello how are you doing ?	swimmingly . how are you ?	great thanks . i like to go hunting for polar bears	polar bears ? are those like , mythical creatures who cannot swim and live above ?	haha i hunt them to eat	oh no ! do you hunt mer people also ? ?	a few years ago i was a geology teacher hence i am fascinated by ice .	geology ? is that rocks or something ? i hide behind those sometimes .	my ex boyfriend taught me how to ice fish . you hide behind rocks ? that is nice	oh no . please tell me where he fishes so i can stay away ! !	do not be afraid . polar bears is good for eating	my sister got stuck in a fishing net once !	my desire is to search and find arctic explorers
rep-1950	hello , how are you doing ?	so tired . just got off job 1 and off to job 2 soon . you ?	hello , how are you doing ?	so tired . just got off job 1 and off to job 2 soon . you ?	i am reading fashion magazines .	oh , do you like that kind of stuff ? models , shoes , fashion ?	yeah , i want to learn to make clothes .	like movie costumes and stuff like that ?
rep-1951	hello . how are you doing?	i am good . do you have any hobbies?	hello . how are you doing?	i am good . do you have any hobbies?
rep-1952	hey how are you today ?	i am well . how about you ?	hey how are you today ?	i am well . how about you ?	i am a bit sore from doing tae kwan do .	nice ! i just signed up for a jujitsu class ! so far it seems fun .	nice , i am a state champion .	wow ! that is amazing ! do you do anything else to help support your tae kwan do ?	no . my dad teaches me and it is his life .
rep-1953	good evening . how are you	i am good how r you ?	good evening . how are you	i am good how r you ?	not too bad . tired from working at the factory all day	ah , i am 14 still in school and like most teenagers hating it	it gets better . i am lying . but graduating is worth it	i wanna be in performing arts when i get older . do you have kids	i have two . they are the best ever	do you have any pets . i have a dog .	i have eight pets actually
rep-1954	hi . how is your day going ?	great , just got home from work . how are you ?	hi . how is your day going ?	great , just got home from work . how are you ?	not bad . the teens at the shelter were great today . what is your profession ?	i work at a help desk . so you work with homeless teens ?	yep . i am a mentor of sorts . thinking of cooking . you had supper ?	i did , i eat dinner while watching the news . what are you cooking ?	italian food . chicken alfredo . sigh .	is that not your favorite food ?	yep . what is your favorite food ?	i like to eat chinese and italian	i met my husband at taekwondo class . he is chinese .	oh how fun ! do you have children or pets ?	no . not yet . do you have family or pets ?	no , no pets or husband . i work a lot	yeah . life is full sometimes . i spend my spare time singing .
rep-1955	hello, how is your day going?	my day is going fine, and yours?	hello, how is your day going?	my day is going fine, and yours?	its been okay although a little sore from working out
rep-1956	hello , how are you this evening ?	i am good just getting back from work	hello , how are you this evening ?	i am good just getting back from work	same here , though i am coming from class . law school student .	that is nice i teach kindergarten	how long have you been going that ?	just two years its rewarding but the pay is low	that is why i am studying law . the pay is good ,	yeah that is definitely a bonus
rep-1957	just got home from the hospital . listening to jazz , my favorite . and you ?	i like music to relax . but mostly to read	just got home from the hospital . listening to jazz , my favorite . and you ?	i like music to relax . but mostly to read	i like to read ! and run after a day of caring for kids .	what do you like to read ? i like biographies	mostly medical journals . oh , and vintage cars . i love them .	i like to cook . it is a challenge to cook something my son will eat	between my marriage , my practice and my own 2 kids , i do not cook often .	i guess that means a lot pizza	yeah ! but as a pediatrician , i do like to sneak in the veggies and fruit !	that usually requires bribing my son with extra screen time	not too much of that ! its not good for them !	well i have learned to pick my battles	that is true , too . i do that with my husband !	ha . yeah with my husband i bribe him with extra dessert
rep-1958	good evening . vietnam veteran here .	nice . i am in the south korean army .	good evening . vietnam veteran here .	nice . i am in the south korean army .	wow , i want to visit south korea one day , but i am in a wheelchair .	were you injured in action ?	yes , lost a leg . what do you do in the army ?	i am a medic , so most of the time there is not much action .
rep-1959	hey there how are you?	i write books, cookbooks about diet	hey there how are you?	i write books, cookbooks about diet	i am always tired but i am a old man	i am fine, i also have a dieting business that is growing .	what is the name of it? i got 1 leg only	try to have pets, i have a dog and 2 cats it gives me energy	oh man, i use to serve the military	you are a very brave person, i love to exercise for long hours	really? i got a wheel chair it goes fast	i respect you! do you like plays? i do .	goodnight there see ya later	you like to race on a wheel chair?	i would lol would you?
rep-1960	hello, how are you today?	great! how are you?	hello, how are you today?	great! how are you?	i am doing well! listening to tim mcgraw . he is my favorite singer .	heart is my favorite band, but i like some country too .	what do you do for a living?	i am a mom to three kids so whatever i need to . you	i am an olympic medal bodybuilder and i blog about rabbit rescues .	my girls want a pet rabbit soon, any advice?	have a sturdy cage and always make sure they have food and water .	how did you start body building? that is quite impressive too	teddy roosevelt did it, and he is my idol . who is your idol?	anne or nancy wilson . strong women all the way!	my sister likes them . i live with her . she helps me with my disability .	neat . my oldest helps with her sisters a lot since the divorce it is just us
rep-1961	how are you today? i am sitting at the stock market . slow day .	oh that sounds rough . i am an author, so i work from home .	how are you today? i am sitting at the stock market . slow day .	oh that sounds rough . i am an author, so i work from home .	lucky you . i have always wanted to write a book .	what is your favorite genre? i specialize in science fiction .	i love fantasy actually . anything to get me off planet earth . haha	totally agree . so what stocks should i buy?	that would be insider trading i think . haha . buy google i guess!	i figured it was worth a shot or maybe amazon stock?	oh that would be a good one . i am a horrible stock broker!	that must be why you are still there? kidding .	haha . yeah, i have more fun i my metal band .	oh that is neat! before my parents died a couple years back, we went to shows.
rep-1962	hello how are you?	good . just got done volunteering for the animal shelter . you?	hello how are you?	good . just got done volunteering for the animal shelter . you?	i am currently watching the news i watch it every night	my parents taught and they always use to make me watch . so boring	i think it is good to know what is going on	i would rather hike the mountains near my house and watch the wildlife .	oh i do not go out much i am more of a nerd
rep-1963	hi , i love beef , chicken and pork . you ?	hi how are you doing ? yes i like to eat beef chicken and pork .
rep-1964	hi there how are you doing ?	i am good thanks . just got my nails done . you ?	hi there how are you doing ?	i am good thanks . just got my nails done . you ?	i am pretty well getting ready for martial arts class	fun . what else do you like to do ?	playing softball . and mentoring teens mostly	do you like the beach ?
rep-1965	hello how are you this evening ?	hello good i start my first in college next year	hello how are you this evening ?	hello good i start my first in college next year	awesome ! i plan on starting hairdresser school	my parent are forcing me to become a doctor
rep-1966	hello i am alison . what is your name?	judy . what do you like about sundays? football watching is what i like!
rep-1967	hi, do you know how to sew or nit? i enjoy making my clothing by myself
rep-1968	hello , how is it going ?	hi , i love riding horses on the beach . you ?	hello , how is it going ?	hi , i love riding horses on the beach . you ?	oh , i m just a simple cat person	oh okay . my has his own car store . you have any friends ?	my husband is my best friend , but he works nights
rep-1969	hello there new friend how are you this fine evening	i am doing great . just taking a break from working on my car .	hello there new friend how are you this fine evening	i am doing great . just taking a break from working on my car .	i just got done working with my horses, it is what i love doing .	that is great . i like to hunt in my spare time.
rep-1970	hello ! how are you tonight ?	hello ! very well , and yourself ?	hello ! how are you tonight ?	hello ! very well , and yourself ?	i am tired ! had a modeling job , then went surfing today .	sounds exciting ! i work as a hair stylist .
rep-1971	hello . how are you tonight? i am just doing a bit of web design .	i am good, just lifting weights	hello . how are you tonight? i am just doing a bit of web design .	i am good, just lifting weights	pretty talented to lift and type at the same time . i can be a canadian .	absolutely . . i am a professional body builder so i can multitask a lot	i did not multitasking was a body building thing . i love to drink iced tea .	tea is good . any hobbies?	no . i do not like to do anything . i have no soul . you?	i like theodore roosevelt and i rescue rabbits	you are such a saint . i like to eat rabbit stew .	i try to be a good person	i wish more of the world was like you . favorite color?
rep-1972	hello , how are you this morning ? did you get your walk in yet ?	hello i am fine i cannot walk i am disabled	hello , how are you this morning ? did you get your walk in yet ?	hello i am fine i cannot walk i am disabled	i am sorry . i love to garden and travel , i would hate for that to be me .	its okay i like to knit hats for babies in nicu	that is so sweet . i have been to six countries .	wow have you discovered any new favorite food i love cooking	i discovered real hummus while teaching biology in turkey .	that sounds right up my alley being vegan and all	that is why i started my garden , i am vegan too .	wow someone who helps others like me and vegan amazing	what made you decide to turn vegan ?	for me it was the thought of ending a life for greed . . you ?
rep-1973	hello how are you ?	i am fine shopping for clothes wyd ?	hello how are you ?	i am fine shopping for clothes wyd ?	what kind of clothes ? i am just playing with ginger my golden retriever	i like jeans an boots	what is your favorite store ? i did not shop at all when i studied abroad	amazon is my favorite store , you cannot go wrong .	do you not worry about trying on clothes first ? i buy model cards from there	no i pick pretty well trust me	do you have any kids ? i just had my first daughter	no i do not an have a good 12	do you want any kids ? what is your favorite movie ?	i do but not now	have a boyfriend ? girlfriend ?
rep-1974	hello how are you doing	how are you doing today	hello how are you doing
rep-1975	hi there how are you	hello, i am great . just came back from running . how are you?	hi there how are you	hello, i am great . just came back from running . how are you?	i am good . just reading some of my fantasy books .	that sounds nice . i work at taco bell, are you employed?	i am a tarot card reader . and medium.
rep-1976	good morning how are you	tired after driving my truck for delivery . on the road for 19 hours.
rep-1977	hello, how are you tonight?	terrible, my father was just imprisoned for being a corrupt police officer .	hello, how are you tonight?	terrible, my father was just imprisoned for being a corrupt police officer .	oh, that is horrible . my mother is a therapist maybe you should talk to her .	my only therapy i need is to run more . i am getting ready for a 10k	i like to run as well, when i am not building model spaceships .	i find myself running to band practice, and running around work all the time .	i create fantasy video games, playing them gives me an outlet for my energy.
rep-1978	hi my name is john	hi john my name is marie, nice to meet you .	hi my name is john	hi john my name is marie, nice to meet you.
rep-1979	hi there . how are you	hi i am great , how are you ?	hi there . how are you	hi i am great , how are you ?	i am good . just finished my paranormal romance book	was it scary , thrilling and interesting ?	all of the above . that is why i love them	i love romantic and humorous books , i have not tried paranormal .	the paranormal are just awesome . but i am also a medium .	ok the genre makes sense now . how long have you been a medium ?	about ten years . but looking back , a lot longer . just did not realize it	wow that is so amazing , what is your favorite hobby ?	trying to get space from my sisters . lol . even grown ya cant shake em	lol have you ever done a reading for them or yourself ?	i do daily ones for everyone . lol . they would not know what to do without them	lol how many do you do daily ? or it is not a limit ?	depends on the energy i have i suppose . could be just the few , or twenty
rep-1980	hello . i am eating sausage and bacon for breakfast . what are you having ?	i just finished bacon and pancakes .	hello . i am eating sausage and bacon for breakfast . what are you having ?	i just finished bacon and pancakes .	as a doctor i should know to eat less bacon but it is just so god	that is true . i am studying to become a fashion designer .	so cool ! since i am into bodybuilding i do not wear many clothes	i lifted weights in prison . i did some time for stealing .	oh so did my brother . my secretary mom was so upset about it	my parents do not care about me . they are hardly ever around .	i am sorry to hear that . do you have any siblings or kids ?	i would love to be a mom but i am trying to turn my life around .	good luck ! i have seen many success stories in my work as a doctor	thank you . do you have any children ?
rep-1981	drink more water . tracy here . nice to meet you .	i drink water when i hike . my name is suzie .	drink more water . tracy here . nice to meet you .	i drink water when i hike . my name is suzie.
rep-1982	hello , how are you doing ?	i am doing very well . looking at travel brochures .	hello , how are you doing ?	i am doing very well . looking at travel brochures .	awesome , do you like onions ? i love them ! gonna travel ?	i do not , and yes . hopefully to italy .	nice place . i like it , i am not a person who likes cats . hate them	i have a huge malamute . he thinks he is a lap dog .	i have one also , as long as my job , i have had my job for years	i do not work , my husband does all of that .	what a great husband he is	he is , i am very lucky .	its such a nice snowy night here in idaho falls	is that anywhere near caldwell ?	its pretty far , 4 hours
rep-1983	how are you today? i am doing great myself	i am great! it is hot here in south carolina today .	how are you today? i am doing great myself	i am great! it is hot here in south carolina today .	i love south carolina what part are you in?	charleston . i moved here after graduation from usc .	that is a long move . all the way from california?	yes . i love it here . i belong to a horror film group .	i was a teacher than ice became more interesting	i went to school for teaching but i sing professionally now .	i sometimes search for polar bears to hunt
rep-1984	how are you today ? i am doing great myself	i am great ! it is hot here in south carolina today .	how are you today ? i am doing great myself	i am great ! it is hot here in south carolina today .	i love south carolina what part are you in ?
rep-1985	hi there , how are you tonight ?	i am tired was a long day at the office . how about you ?
rep-1986	hey there how are you today? i hate dogs i run everytime	i am good . just watching the office .	hey there how are you today? i hate dogs i run everytime	i am good . just watching the office .	like to eat? i love to cook .	i am eating a carrot, i do not eat anything sweet .	that is cool i want too	tell me something about yourself .	i am a hopeless romantic for sure .	i happen to be jewish .	really? how is that going for you?	good . where do you live? i live in ny .	i live in ohio i am tired	i really like living here, so much to do.
rep-1987	hello how are you today ?	hi , i am good , i just moved into a new house i bought ! you ?	hello how are you today ?	hi , i am good , i just moved into a new house i bought ! you ?	that is great . my family lives on my road .	cool dude . any plans for tonight ? i am dancing at the club , i love it .	i would go to the club but tomorrow is sunday and i always go to church .	what church do you go to ? do they have candy ? i love candy !	it is a very conservative church because i am conservative .	oh in which ways are you ?	i am conservative also by buying american vehicles such as my ford pickup truck .	that is neat . i have a dog in school because he is so bad .	wow . i have a dog as well because i love hunting .	do you ever take pictures of yourself hunting and post them ?	i do not . however , i take pictures of my 3 guns . do you take pictures ?	yes all the time ! i like to post pictures of myself on face book .	your life must be interesting . can you tell me more ?
rep-1988	good evening, how are you doing today	i am doing pretty good . just got back from a nice long walk . you?	good evening, how are you doing today	i am doing pretty good . just got back from a nice long walk . you?	just got back from work at my dead end job at mcdonalds
rep-1989	hello , how is your day going ?	my day is going fine , and yours ?	hello , how is your day going ?	my day is going fine , and yours ?	its been okay although a little sore from working out	i am tired , as well . i had a long day in court	wow , what type of law do you practice ?	i am a prosecutor . had a big animal neglect case today . i hate to see animals mistreated	i love animals . i managed a blog on rabbit rescues once	nice . it is the belief of my people that animals are sacred	i compete in bodybuilding in my spare time .	sounds like a lot of physical work . i spend time with my 2 dogs for fun	yes it is i moved in with my little sister because she lives near my preferred gym .
rep-1990	hi ! my name is jenny , what is your name ?	i am jess . how are you doing ?	hi ! my name is jenny , what is your name ?	i am jess . how are you doing ?	i am doing really well , thank you . do you have any hobbies ?
rep-1991	hi want to get to know each other?	yes, i would like that .	hi want to get to know each other?	yes, i would like that .	what do you do? i am going to be a nurse	i am studying to be an investment broker .	that sounds hard . do you enjoy it?	i like the atmosphere that it offers . what led you to nursing?	my mom works in the industry .	good a reason as any . does she work at a hospital?	yes she is a pediatric nurse	do you also want to work with babies?	i am not sure yet . i just want to help people	that is sweet of you . do you like working out?	not much but i get exercise from hiking and camping	that sounds like fun . where do you go?	up into the mountains . my truck can get me anywhere	trucks are fun! what do you like to eat while you are camping?
rep-1992	hello , you play monopoly ? i do . i read 52 books a year . you ?	wow , that is great ! i collect small bears .	hello , you play monopoly ? i do . i read 52 books a year . you ?	wow , that is great ! i collect small bears .	get out ! i collect mcdonalds toys . you play sorry ? i do . arizona is my cat .	i volunteer for an organization and work at the hospital as an rn .	great ! you play checkers ? i do . i like reading about people lives .	interesting . i love collecting all things that look like nature my favorite color .
rep-0000	This Olympic park is so big !	Yes . Now we are in the Olympic stadium , the center of this park .	Splendid ! When is it gonna be finished ?	The whole stadium is to be finished this June .	How many seats are there in the stand ?	Oh , there are 5000 seats in total .	I didn ’ t know it would be so big !	It is ! Look there , those are the tracks . And the jumping pit is over there .	Ah ... I see . Hey , look the sign the sign here , No climbing .
rep-0001	How many cleaning ladies does your company hire ?	We have two cleaning ladies . But both of them have received little education .	Most cleaning ladies are illiterate . But some of them do a very nice job .	But I actually dislike another lady . She is more capable and seems to have ideas of her own . But the trouble the trouble is she is a backseat driver with some of us . She would tell you what to do and where to put things .
rep-0002	I'm looking for a string of pearls for my wife .	Yes , sir . What price range What price range What price range What price range What price range What price range do you have in mind ?
rep-0003	Good morning . What's the matter with you ?	Good morning , doctor . I have a terrible headache .	All right , young man . Tell me how it got started .	Yesterday I had a runny nose . Now my nose is stuffed up . I have a sore throat . And I ’ m afraid I've got a temperature . I feel terrible .	Don't worry , young man . Lat me give you an examination . First let me take a look at your throat . Open your mouth and say'ah ' .	Ah .	Your throat is inflamed . And your tongue is heavily coated . You have all the symptoms of influenza .	What am I supposed to do then ?	A good rest A good rest A good rest is all you need , and drink more water . I'll write you a prescription .
rep-0004	Have you seen the new James Bond movie ?	Oh , yes . You ?	Yes . What did you think of it ?	I thought it was better than the others-I really liked it . What did you think of it ?	Yes , I liked it , too . It was exciting , but not over the top . Do you know what I mean ?	Mmm . That's what I thought too . I really liked the car chase , and the opening credit sequence was very exciting . And I always enjoy watching Pierce Brosnan .	Oh , yes . He's brilliant . Did you like the title song ?	Not as much as last time last time last time last time last time last time , actually . What's the name of the American actor who was in the supporting role ?
rep-0005	Room service .	Good morning . This is room 113 . I'd like some breakfast, please .	Right . Excuse me . Mrs . Jones?	That's right .	What What What What What can I do for you?
rep-0006	May I help you, ma'ma?	Please, where do I catch the plane for New York?	First you must check in at Counter No . 4 .	That one there?	That's right . Then you you you will follow the signs to Gate 85.
rep-0007	I am so busy today .	Can I help you ?	I ’ m not sure . Perhaps you could do the shopping the shopping the shopping the shopping the shopping the shopping .
rep-0008	Tom, is Jenny crying?	Can you take he away from me?	I ’ m just coming for that .	She kept bothering me .	She ’ s your sister . What she asked was only duck soup for you . Why can ’ t you be good to her?	But I am her her brother, not her servant.
rep-0009	Listen , Karen , I need your help . I don't know anyone here yet .	I'm glad to help you . What's wrong ?	My mother-in-law just went into the hospital in L.A.Hank and I will be flying there tonight .	I'm sorry to hear it . What's wrong with her ?	Doctors aren't sure yet.But the real problem is Suzy . She has a bad cold , and we don't want to take her with us . But we don't know who can stay with her .	You need a babysitter .	Yes , I'd ask Jill , the girl the girl the girl I've had before , but I need someone overnight.Maybe even for two nights .
rep-0010	Good afternoon afternoon afternoon afternoon afternoon . Can I help you?
rep-0011	Marketing manage office, can I help you?	Mr Green, please .	Sorry, he he he he he's out.
rep-0012	Susan is going to get a divorce a divorce .
rep-0013	that was a really good meal, Gordon .	It sure sure sure sure was . I couldn't eat another bite.
rep-0014	Food is less expensive in a cafeteria , because you serve yourself .	How to do it ?	Just pick up a tray , then put a knife , a fork , a spoon and a paper napkin a paper napkin a paper napkin a paper napkin a paper napkin on it and stand in the line .
rep-0015	Have you ever shopped online?	Quite often . It is very convenient, saving me a lot of time .	Do you have some experiences to share with me? I want to have a try .	You are asking the right person . Here are two very important tips . First, you need to visit no more than one site to find the best products and prices . I can recommend you some online merchants . Second, write your mail address correctly . Otherwise, you can ’ t receive your delivery in time .	What about the registration procedure? Is that complicated?	Not at all . You just need to provide your name, address, e-mail address, phone number and bank or credit card information . I will help you with that .	It is so so so so nice of you.
rep-0016	Hello ?	Hi , Mr . Smith . This is Mary . Is Jenny there ?	No , I ’ m afraid not , Mary . May I take a message a message a message a message for her ?
rep-0017	Where are you going ?	I'll accompany my wife to the hospital the hospital the hospital the hospital the hospital .
rep-0018	The Phoenix team overpowered its counterpart 86 to 50 .	They're absolutely right to get a replacement for 21 .	If the Phoenix beats the Rocket, it it it it will enter the final.
rep-0019	Hello . Could you have a taxi pick me up before 10:00 a . m .?	What is your address?	I stay at No . 115 Fucking Road .	OK, a taxi will be there by 9:30 .	What are your rates?	It is RIB 10 yuan initially and 2 yuan for each kilometer .	I have a lot of luggage . Will those fit in the taxi?	Take it easy . I'll send a larger to to to pick you up.
rep-0020	Did you go to the concert last weekend?	No, I didn't . And you? Was it good?	Yes . I did . I I I I enjoyed it a lot.There was a folk singer, a violinist and a pianist.
rep-0021	When can you get the finished product to me ?	We should have it put together by the end of next week .	Great ! That ’ ll be ahead of schedule ! Good work Good work Good work .
rep-0022	Excuse me , Sir , do you know what time it is ?	Oh , it ’ s almost eleven twenty .	Thank you .	You ’ re welcome . The rain is quite heavy , isn ’ t it ?	Yeah . I was in a hurry and I forgot my umbrella today .	I have one . We could share it . Which way are you going ?	Oh , that ’ s very kind of you . I am going to the Garden Hotel the Garden Hotel the Garden Hotel the Garden Hotel the Garden Hotel .
rep-0023	That way they look longer .	Now what are you doing?	Putting on mascara .	Nasty . You'd better not rub your eyes .	I won't .	And you'd 'd'd 'd'd 'd better not cry or you'll have black streaks running down your face.
rep-0024	Is there anything wrong?	I ’ m worried worried worried worried about my daughter . She can ’ t decide about college.
rep-0025	I often recalled the days when Tom and I were madly in love .	Very romantic ?	Yeah . He always tickled my finny bone with his college stories .	You married him for that reason that reason that reason ?
rep-0026	I was just watching a documentary on TV about how people use dogs for various purpose . It was very interesting .	I love dogs . They have been used as guards for centuries . Nowadays , they are often used to find illegal drugs and bombs by the police and customs officers .	The documentary also pointed out that they are used by shepherds to round up sheep and by rescue workers to find people trapped under rubble or snow .	Horses are useful to people too . We use them for sports and recreation .	Don ’ t forget that horses are still used in many countries to pull ploughs and carts .	Can you ride a horse ?	Yes , I can . I don ’ t ride regularly though . How about you ?	I can ride too . Perhaps we could go horse riding together at the weekend the weekend the weekend the weekend the weekend the weekend ?
rep-0027	Excuse me , may I help you ?	Would you please fill some gas for me ?	Sure . Which kind Which kind Which kind Which kind Which kind of gas do you want ?
rep-0028	Good afternoon, how may I help you?	Hi, I'd like to order some flowers .	Who are they for?	They're for my Wife . Her name is Samantha .	What kind of flowers would you like?	I don't know . I don't know too much about flowers . Can Can Can Can you recommend something?
rep-0029	Hello?	Hi, Mr . Smith . This is Mary . Is Jenny there?	No, I ’ m afraid not, Mary . May I take take a message for her?
rep-0030	What did you do today ?	Played poker with my work friends my work friends my work friends .
rep-0031	Good evening . Welcome Welcome Welcome Welcome to Cherry's . Do you have a reservation?
rep-0032	You are an early bird , Tom . What do you do in the morning then ?	Exercise . The morning hours are the most precious period within a single day . We should not pass them up easily . Seize the time and do something useful .	So , you choose to spend it on bodybuilding . Where do you exercise ?	Usually , I run to the Black Bamboo Park as a warm-up . Admission is free . Then I start my activities .	Do you do the same exercises the same exercises every day ?
rep-0033	What's wrong with you, young man?	Doctor, I have a bad cough and a headache .	Do you have a fever?	I don't know, but I feel terrible .	Let me examine you . Don't worry . It's nothing serious .	Do you think I should lie in bed?	Yes, stay in bed and drink a lot of water . Your fever will be gone in a day or two .	OK . Do you think I I I I can play football tomorrow?
rep-0034	Good morning, may I speak with Professor Clark, please?	You are speaking with Professor Clark .	Professor, I am Kalina from your morning literature class .	Yes, how can I help you?	I ran my car into a tree tree tree tree tree tree yesterday and need to miss a few days of school.
rep-0035	Hello ! Tomorrow I'm going to need a wake-up call .	Not a problem . What time shall we call you ?	I always hit the snooze button , so give me two calls two calls two calls two calls two calls two calls , one at 7 and another at 7 fifteen .
rep-0036	Here's the course description guide .	What do I do with it?	Do you want me to help you?	Please .	Look . Here Here Here are the core classes . Everyone has to take them.
rep-0037	I should tell you that I'm checking out in about 30 minutes .	I'm ready when you are , sir .	Very good ! Now , it's still morning here in New York .	You are so right , sir . The clock just struck nine .	I'm going to spend some time exploring the city . What can I do with my luggage ?	Sir , right here we have a storage site . Its only $ 5 an hour , but you need to leave a deposit .	A deposit ? Isn't my luggage my luggage my luggage my luggage my luggage a deposit ?
rep-0038	I heard that you finished my home inspection , and I was wondering how it went .	First of all , we need to understand what I was looking for . Do you know what the purpose of an inspection is ?	I am not sure what a home inspection is all about .	I went there to check for problems with the home , so you aren ’ t surprised when you move in .	Wouldn ’ t the owners have told me about any problems ?	Sellers aren ’ t always truthful , and there might also be problems that they aren ’ t aware of .	Can I require the owners to fix the problems ?	You can make the sale of the house contingent the house contingent the house contingent the house contingent on them fixing the problems .
rep-0039	Excuse me . Do you know where the Admiral Hotel is?	That's over on Callaway Street, isn't it?	Yes, but I ca can't find Callaway Street.
rep-0040	Mr.Chen, do you mind mind mind mind mind mind if I smoke?
rep-0041	Hi, Alice, what are you doing this sunday?	Nothing really really really, why, what' s up?
rep-0042	Wow , Amy , look at that number .	What's so great about it ?	What do you mean ? It's a scrim .	Not to me , I wouldn't be caught dead in that .	I love that kind of stuff .	Yeah , you seem to like those styles .	Sure do . I get a kick out of looking punk looking punk looking punk .
rep-0043	How would you like your hair set?	I'd like to have it in big waves .	Shall Shall Shall Shall Shall Shall I put some oil on? B
rep-0044	Excuse me , waiter , I would like to have some wine before the main course the main course the main course the main course the main course .
rep-0045	Do you know Sally?	Sally . She is a bachelor girl . She is an excellent designer . Many of the company's advertisements are her child trains .	Why is she still single? She must have a face that would stop clock .	Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh, quite the other way round . She is a knock-out . She devotes much of her time to her career.
rep-0046	I prefer potatoes to eggplants .	I feel eggplants are more nutritious .	But as a matter a matter a matter of fact , potatoes taste better .
rep-0047	Nice day, isn't it?	It sure is .	It's a good good good good day for a picnic.
rep-0048	Excuse me . Do you have the time ?	My watch My watch My watch is a few minutes fast . It's about six forty , I think .
rep-0049	How much will my pay be, if you don ’ t mind my asking?	We We We would like to start you off at 1,500 yuan a month, not including bonus and overtime pay . We don ’ t give bonus every month, but we offer a semi-annual bonus . And you will receive two weeks paid vacation a year, as well . Does it suit you?
rep-0050	I ’ m going to be moving out soon .	You still have time on your lease your lease .
rep-0051	What shall I call him ?	Oh , you may call him Uncle , or Henry .	What's he doing ?	He's checking bags.He ' s an official an official an official an official in the customs .
rep-0052	Don't I know you ?	I'm not sure.You look familiar .	You're Mr.Stevenson Mr.Stevenson Mr.Stevenson Mr.Stevenson , right ?
rep-0053	Good morning, Sir . Where are you going?	I ’ m going to England by flight BE987 .	When is your flight?	10:00 AM . When am I supposed to check in?	we are checking in . May I have your ticket and your health certificate and your luggage please .	Here you are .	Are you keeping the small bag as carry-on luggage, sir?	Yes .	You must weigh that as well .	all right .	Your luggage is two pounds over . I ’ m afraid They'll be in excess luggage charge, Sir .	How much must I pay?	It ’ s ten yuan .	Here you are .	This is your luggage check Which You must show when you disembark at your destination and here is your boarding pass and your ticket .	Thanks .	Now, please wait until your flight is called . There's about twenty-five minutes to go .	I ’ m a little nervous nervous . I ’ Ve never flown before.
rep-0054	You're really fit, Paul . Do you exercise very much?	Well, I almost always get up very early, and I lift weights for an hour .	You're kidding!	No . And then I often go Rollerblading .	Wow! How often do you exercise like that?	About five times a week . What What What What What What about you?
rep-0055	My dear, what's for supper?	Red cooked carp and rape with fresh mushrooms .	What about soup?	Sour-peppery soup .	Which condiment do you use for?	I'll use ginger ginger ginger, garlic scallion, hot pepper and vinegar.
rep-0056	Have you adapted to the lifestyle in China ?	Yeah , almost . But there is one thing .	What ?	I still wonder what privacy meant for Chinese people . I don't mean to say that there's no privacy in China , but ...	What is it ?	Some of my Chinese colleagues my Chinese colleagues just share their personal stories in front of others .
rep-0057	Is there anything wrong ?	I ’ m worried about my daughter . She can ’ t decide about college .	Don ’ t worry . That ’ s just a part of being a teenager .	I don ’ t mind that . But she disagrees with me about everything .	You should encourage her to make up her mind by herself . You shouldn ’ t affect her decision .	But I just want to give her some tips .	Oh , she can make her own decisions her own decisions her own decisions her own decisions her own decisions her own decisions .
rep-0058	Hi , Alice , what are you doing this sunday ?	Nothing really , why , what ' s up ?	If you are free , maybe you would like to go to a small party and having for my birthday party . It will be fun , you will get to know lots of people .	Sounds great , I'd very much like to accept your invitation , thanks , when ?	Around six pm .	Do you need help setting up or anything ? I don't mind . I like to do that kind of thing . It's fun and I have a good eye a good eye a good eye a good eye a good eye for decorating .
rep-0059	Marketing manage office , can I help you ?	Mr Green Mr Green Mr Green Mr Green Mr Green Mr Green , please .
rep-0060	Good afternoon! Can I help you?	Could you show me where the Chinesc-style clothing is located? I want to buy a silk coat .	This way, please . Here they are . They're all handmade .	Oh, they look nice . May I try that black one on?	Of course . The fitting room is right over there .	Do you have a medium in the same color? This one is a little tight .	l'm sorry . All the black of that size are sold out . Would you like a red one?	OK . Let me try it on . What do do do do you think?
rep-0061	Did you already take the history exam ?	Yeah . It was hard . When do you take it ?	I take it tomorrow morning . There is so much material that I dont know what to emphasize on . What types of questions did you get ?	Mostly on the civil war . You should also study the impact Martin Luther King Jr . had on American society American society American society American society .
rep-0062	It ’ s so great to be here ! I ’ m so excited to help you and my daughter with your new home !	We ’ re glad that you ’ re here . Would you like a tour of the house ?	That ’ d be great , but could I have a cup of tea first ?	Sure , I ’ ll just go put the kettle on . Why don ’ t you have a seat on the sofa and I ’ ll go take care of things in the kitchen .	That would be lovely , thanks .	Do you take milk or sugar with your tea ?	I ’ ll take a little milk , but no sugar , please . Make sure you let the tea steep a few minutes before you take the tea bag out of the cup .	Ok . What do you think about our living room ?	Well , I do like the mantelpiece the mantelpiece and the coffee table , but I don ’ t really care for curtains . Did you get them at a yard sale ? They look ancient .
rep-0063	Thank your for calling World Airline . What can I do for you?	I need to book a plane ticket to London London.
rep-0064	Farmer's Pet Store Farmer's Pet Store Farmer's Pet Store Farmer's Pet Store Farmer's Pet Store Farmer's Pet Store .
rep-0065	How do you arrange this summer vacation?	I want to travel .	Where would you like to go?	The seaside .	That's really a good idea . Taking a walk on the beach and lying in the sun are pretty good . I recommend you Qingdao or Dalian .	I ’ Ve been to Qingdao Qingdao before, so I ’ ll choose Dalian . I've heard that the environment there is very good.
rep-0066	How do you get road news ?	I've a driver mate a driver mate a driver mate a driver mate a driver mate in my car !
rep-0067	I wish the politicians would quit digging up dirt about each other's past .	I know . It really makes a mess of the whole election process .	And it takes up all the news .	The problem is that there always a large number of people who eat that kind of stuff up .	It's so small . The fact that there is public interest , doesn't say much for us as the public .	Have you ever listened to AM radio ? It's quite a different experience than the traditional news stations the traditional news stations the traditional news stations the traditional news stations the traditional news stations on TV and FM radio .
rep-0068	You look upset, anything wrong?	I'm going to quit the job .	Why?	The task is tough .	You You'd look before you leap.
rep-0069	What's up? You sound a little down in dumps .	I quarreled with my roommate last night . He is really stubborn .	Calm down! Shouting won ’ t help?	He is really outrageous .	What happened?	I went back home last night . You know tired as a dog, so I took a quick shower and went to bed . I couldn't n'tn't n'tn't fall asleep, because Brian was there in the living room, playing his stupid stereo so loud . I kindly told him to turn that down a little bit . He shouted at me.
rep-0070	Sorry , stewardess . Where shall I put my bags ?	You can place the smaller one in the overhead bin and put the bigger one the bigger one the bigger one the bigger one under the seat in front of you .
rep-0071	What's the matter with you, then? You look miserable .	It's us .	What do you mean by "us "?	Well, we used to talk to each other before we were married . Remember?	What do you mean? We' re talking now, aren't we?	Oh, yes, but we used to do so much together .	Yes . I remember . But we never used to to to argue . You used to think I was wonderful . Where are you going?
rep-0072	You would be using mainly English in this job . Do you think you could manage?	Yes, I am sure I can .	Do you think you are proficient in both written and spoken English?	Yes, I think I am quite proficient in both written and spoken English .	Do you think think think think think think you can make yourself understood in English with ease?
rep-0073	John , my father isn't there at all . Are you kidding ?	Cool , fellow , what's the date today , buddy ?	It's ... oh it's the 1st April , April Fool's Day April Fool's Day April Fool's Day April Fool's Day April Fool's Day April Fool's Day .
rep-0074	What kind of gas does this car take?	I don't know . It's a rental .	I will give you premium unleaded . Alright?	Sure, why not?	That is the pump you are in front of .	Is it expensive?	It is the most expensive .	Well, I don't want it then . Can I move to another pump?	Yes, I can give you regular unleaded . But you have to back up the car a little .	Give me regular unleaded then . I will back up.Can you wash my windows for me?	I'm sorry, sir . This is not a full service gas station . I I I I I I will help you fill the gas, but we don't wash windows here.
rep-0075	Look ! Mom , that's amazing ! I can't believe the girls have so neat movements .	Yeah , they all received very strict training . A minute on the stage takes ten-year practice .	And all their movements are so elegant . It seems like dancing in the water .	Exactly , you know , water ballet puts dancing , music and swimming together .	There you go ! Daddy has told me that water ballet is also called Synchronized Swimming .	That's my boy ! Katherine Curtis Katherine Curtis Katherine Curtis Katherine Curtis Katherine Curtis Katherine Curtis created this activity in 1920 . And in 1984 , it was authorized as one activity in Olympic Games .
rep-0076	How many cleaning ladies ladies ladies ladies ladies ladies does your company hire?
rep-0077	Hi, Dan . What's new?	Where have you been? I've been trying to get in touch with you for two days .	I went to Salt Lake City on business . What's up?	I got fired .	How come? Last time I saw you . You told me it was a good job, and you'd like to take it as a career . That was only one month ago . Why this sudden change?	It's a long story . In a word, I didn't do a good job of it . I messed up a business deal, a deal that would would would would would would have made ten million dollars and I messed it up.
rep-0078	Thank your for calling World Airline . What can I do for you ?	I need to book a plane ticket to London .	Round-trip or one-way ?	One-way .	What date would you like to fly ?	Saturday , July 25 .	How many people will be traveling ?	Just one adult .	Which class Which class Which class Which class Which class Which class ?
rep-0079	We've managed to reduce our energy consumption in our factory our factory our factory by about 15 per cent in the last two years .
rep-0080	Professor Li , do you know where to buy art supplies ?	For what ? Are you taking up painting ?	No . I can't paint . I'm asking for my niece . She is really into it .	Oh , good . How old is your niece your niece your niece your niece your niece ?
rep-0081	Come in, come in, what can I do for you?	Professor Donald, are you giving your advanced geology course again next semester?	Yes, I am applying on it .	I wonder if if I could enroll in it . I know it is a graduate course and I' m a junior, but ...
rep-0082	I'd like to order breakfast, please .	What'd you like, madam?	Two muffins and a cup of coffee.Will it take long?	No, just a few minutes minutes minutes minutes minutes.
rep-0083	The boss announces the pay raise today, right? How much do you think we'll get?	No idea . Your guess is as good as mine .	It better be more than last last last year.
rep-0084	Look at this newspaper article about this famous local medium . It says that she is really gifted and so popular now, that she is booked solid with appointments for the next twelve months!	You don't really believe in all that hocus pocus mumbo jumbo, do you?	Well, I have had many friends that went to a psychic and got their palms read and most of the things the psychic told her came true!	Of course it does! They tell you general and obvious things like that you will be successful or have a big house . I think most of the times they are just scam artists .	Well, historically it is a practice that many cultures share . Reading the tarot cards, in the east they would even read tea leaves! I even heard that there are people that make you you you smoke a cigar, and then read your ashes.
rep-0085	Do you like watching the Winter Olympic Games ?	Of course . It's the tradition game in winter , and with good reason . Don't you like watching it ?	Of course I do . I love it . All the games are exciting and the competitors are respectable .	That's true . For various reasons , it takes more to hold a fierce game for Winter Olympics than it does for Summer Olympics . You know , the low temperature may cause many problems many problems .
rep-0086	Well , known , Jim , I'm ... I'm pretty much in favour of your computers , I think computers teach kids to think , because they require logical thoughts .	But I ... I don't agree with thatbecause computers weaken kids'ability to thinkbecause kids don't learn basic skills .	What do you mean ?	They can't spell , they can't add , they can't subtract , they even don't remember any more . that's because they rely on gadgets .	That's not the gadgets . Creating programmes is stimulate thoughts . It engages their imagination their imagination their imagination their imagination their imagination and sharpen their mind .
rep-0087	Excuse me , sir.Is there a barber near here ?	Yes , the nearest one is at the third cross the third cross the third cross the third cross the third cross of this road .
rep-0088	We're thinking about going to America .	Have you thought about the cost the cost the cost the cost the cost ?
rep-0089	Gary . Could you type up this report for me? I have to take off early early early this afternoon.
rep-0090	Excuse me, Sir, do you know what time it is?	Oh, it ’ s almost eleven twenty .	Thank you .	You ’ re welcome . The rain is quite heavy, isn ’ t it?	Yeah . I was in a a a a a a hurry and I forgot my umbrella today.
rep-0091	Hello, Parker . How ’ s everything?	Can ’ t complain . And you?	Business is booming . I understand you want to meet up with me next week . How ’ s your schedule looking?	Let me see . I can come out out out out out out and see you first thing Wednesday.
rep-0092	Excuse me . Do you mind if I try this on ?	Not at all . The changing rooms are just this way .	Thanks . It's a little tight . Do you have any in a larger size a larger size ?
rep-0093	Jeff , look at this listing ! It says there is a cozy studio apartment for rent , and it's only $ 700 per month . What do you think ?	Well I think I can afford that apartment . But are pets allowed ?	Hmm ... let me look . Yes , it says it's a pet-friendly building .	That's great . That means I can bring my cat , Mr . Twinkles Mr . Twinkles . Where is the apartment located ?
rep-0094	Whew ! I had to wait for almost an hour to get to the front of the line .	You have much patience much patience much patience much patience much patience .
rep-0095	Please tell me how to file things according to the concerned rules .	Well, all right . There are four points you should keep in mind when you file documents, information and other other other other other other things.
rep-0096	When can you get the finished product to me?	We should have it put together by the end of of of of of of next week.
rep-0097	Where to , ma'am ?	The Grand Hotel .	The Grand Hotel ?	Yes.Do you know where it is ?	No , Madam . I don't think I do .	It's the 11th Avenue , Park Street Park Street Park Street Park Street Park Street Park Street .
rep-0098	Nani Book Store . How can I help you?	Do you have the' The man and the Sea' by Ernest Hemingway Hemingway Hemingway Hemingway Hemingway?
rep-0099	Professor Li, do you know where to buy art supplies?	For what? Are you taking up painting?	No . I can't n'tn't n't paint . I'm asking for my niece . She is really into it.
rep-0100	Can I help you ?	Yes , I'm in a bit of a rush . Could I have a piece of apple pie apple pie apple pie please ?
rep-0101	What's your favorite book ?	It's Gone With the Wind .	Why do you like it best ?	I enjoy the various characters and the plot .	Well . I like the Thom Birds best .	Is it very interesting ?	Sure . I like the writer's language , too .	If I have a chance , I'll enjoy the book the book the book .
rep-0102	Mike! Look at the floor!	What's wrong with it?	What's wrong with it? It's filthy!	Oh Oh Oh ...
rep-0103	Come in , come in !	Hi , Gary , what happened ? I was waiting for you at the theater . Why didn ’ t you meet me there ?	I thought we were supposed to meet here .	Don ’ t you know our movie starts at seven ? And we were going to meet at the theater at five to seven . Then it doesn ’ t make sense to meet at the apartment .	I ’ m sorry . We must have misunderstood each other .	Why don ’ t you try to be clearer about your intentions ?	You ’ re right . I am sorry . Let ’ s go and watch the movie .	It ’ s okay . I don ’ t want to go now . We ’ Ve already missed ten minutes of the movie the movie the movie the movie the movie the movie . I don ’ t want to see a movie without watching the beginning .
rep-0104	Where to , ma'am ?	The Grand Hotel .	The Grand Hotel The Grand Hotel ?
rep-0105	I was surprised to see how few people you have on-site . You provide a wide range of goods and services but have a very small workforce .	It depends on the time of year . At peak times peak times we hire in casual workers to help with packing and dispatch . We also contract out certain services all year round , for example , cleaning . We run a very tight operation !
rep-0106	Professor Li , do you know where to buy art supplies art supplies art supplies ?
rep-0107	Actually I have a passion for Chinese literature Chinese literature .
rep-0108	I must be going .	Okay . Keep in in touch.
rep-0109	What ’ s the Mountaineering Club doing this weekend ?	We are going to climb a cliff on the Colorado River .	How hard is the climb ?	It is a very difficult climb because there are not many places to put your hands and feet .	What did you do last week ?	We rappelled down the side of 300 - foot cliff . It was very exciting .	Wow ! That sounds like a lot a lot a lot a lot of fun . I ’ m sorry I missed it .
rep-0110	Helen , did you hear I ’ m having a party ? Next Saturday in my place my place my place .
rep-0111	Excuse me, Sir, do you know what time it is?	Oh, it ’ s almost eleven twenty .	Thank you .	You ’ re welcome . The rain rain rain rain is quite heavy, isn ’ t it?
rep-0112	Good morning, sir . May I help you?	Good morning, I have an appointment with Mr . Johnson at 10:00	Excuse me, sir, but are you Mr . Richard of World Trading Company?	Yes . That ’ s right .	I ’ m sorry, Mr . Richard . Mr . Johnson is on his way to the office . He had just called and asked you to to wait a minute.
rep-0113	What kind of gas does this car take ?	I don't know . It's a rental a rental a rental .
rep-0114	Marketing Manager ’ s Office . Can I help you?	Mr . Smith Smith Smith Smith Smith Smith, please.
rep-0115	I am so busy today .	Can I help you?	I ’ m not sure . Perhaps you could do the shopping .	I ’ ll be glad to help help help help.
rep-0116	Sorry . I didn't mean to be late . Can I come in ?	What's your excuse this time ?	Have I used the one that my sister is sick ?	Yes , twice last week .	Are you sure ? I thought I said it was my mother .	I don't think so . But it could've been .	Well . You can trust me this time . My sister is definitely sick . I'm just coming from the hospital . They say she might even die .	I don't buy your story . Try not to have any more sick relatives this week , all right ?	I'll do my best .	Just try to be a little more punctual in the future the future the future the future the future .
rep-0117	Professor Li, do you know where to buy art supplies?	For what? Are you taking up painting?	No . I can't paint . I'm asking for my niece . She is really into it .	Oh, good . How old is your niece?	She She She She is eight . Actually, I'm buying a good set of art supplies for her as a birthday gift.
rep-0118	May I take your order ?	Yes . I'd like a cup of onion soup onion soup .
rep-0119	The Great Wall is a great attraction a great attraction a great attraction for visitors .
rep-0120	Good morning . What's the matter with you?	Good morning, doctor doctor doctor doctor doctor doctor . I have a terrible headache.
rep-0121	What ’ s on TV tonight?	Not much, that new reality-TV show, Ally McNeal, oooo, Dark Angel .	Wait a second . I want to watch Ally McNeal .	Oh, come on . That ’ s such a girl ’ s show .	No it ’ s not . It ’ s just funny .	Yeah, if you ’ re a girl .	Well, you just want to watch Dark Angel because of the hot girl .	That ’ s not true . Dark Angel is a good show .	It ’ s story is just an excuse to get the girl dressed up in different tight outfits .	O . K ., O . K . Let ’ s forget it . There ’ s a football game on too .	No way . I ’ m watching Ally McNeal McNeal McNeal McNeal McNeal . Go to John ’ s to watch the game.
rep-0122	Please tell me how to file things according to the concerned rules .	Well , all right . There are four points you should keep in mind when you file documents , information and other things .	What are they ?	They are keep the documents the documents the documents the documents the documents the documents in chronological order , remove all the chips and pins , punch the documents evenly and place them in the folder .
rep-0123	Hi, Monica, how is everything going?	Everything goes well, but I am thinking about quitting my current job .	Why? You ’ re not satisfied anymore?	I just sense . But I cannot grow anymore . My boss is not really supporting me . I am interested in some positions in other JV companies, but I need to do some more in-depth research before I send my application letters out .	That is important . Doing research on a company you are are interested in will definitely help your application.
rep-0124	How much will my pay be, if you don ’ t mind my asking?	We would like to start you off at 1,500 yuan a month, not including bonus and overtime pay . We don ’ t give bonus every month, but we offer a semi-annual bonus . And you will receive two weeks paid vacation a year year, as well . Does it suit you?
rep-0125	You're from New York , aren't you ?	Yes , that's right .	What do you suggest I should see in New York ?	Well , how about the Museum of Modern Art Modern Art Modern Art ?
rep-0126	Hello, Daisy, how are you doing?	Fine, thank you . I haven ’ t seen you for quite some time . What have you been up to recently?	I have been spending a lot of time watching movies at home, so you wouldn't have seen me . Recently, I've been obsessed with horror films .	Oh, how can you be infatuated with horror films? They're so scary .	Yeah, you are right I used to not watch horror films, but after seeing Silence of the Lamb with Mike last month, I fell in love with them .	It's amazing . But if I were you, I wouldn't have the courage to watch the first one .	But it's really exciting .	Maybe, but I would rather watch romance, science fiction, crime or even disaster movie instead of a horror picture . I wouldn't dare sleep at night after watching one .	Basically . you'll watch any type of movie except horror .	Yep .	I think think think think think you should have a try someday . Maybe you'll change your mind.
rep-0127	Over here is our gym . We have all the latest equipment .	But I haven't used exercising equipment before . Can you tell us some more details?	Certainly . We have here the race apparatus, stationary bike, muscle builder set, chest expander, bar bell, dumb bell and so on .	Working in the gym is a very good way for losing weight . What else do you have?	Here's the swimming pool . It's open from 10 a . m . to 11 p . m . There are are are are are also massage rooms here.
rep-0128	Why not come over to work in my company my company my company ?
rep-0129	I will take it . How much ?	$ 60 .	I am sure you can do better than that .	Sorry , sir . It's the sale price .	Well , what about $ 70 with a scarf ?	It's my rock bottom price my rock bottom price my rock bottom price . Take it or leave it .
rep-0130	It seems that nobody in your class likes Paul .	The boy is good for nothing .	As a teacher a teacher a teacher , I don ’ t know how to help him .
rep-0131	Hide me, Yi-jun! The kids all think I'm the real Easter Easter Easter bunny!
rep-0132	Let me tell you some more . The interest is settled on the 20th of the last month in each quarter, It's paid quarterly . Of course it also needs to be settled if you cancel the account .	Miao Ping, in your opinion, should we go for the Type A or Type B Account?	Well, the Type B Account is very restricted . If your aim is to use the account the same way as your use your Settlement Account, I would recommend the Type A Account for you you you you you.
rep-0133	Do you like watching the Winter Olympic Games ?	Of course . It's the tradition game in winter , and with good reason . Don't you like watching it ?	Of course I do . I love it . All the games are exciting and the competitors are respectable .	That's true . For various reasons , it takes more to hold a fierce game for Winter Olympics than it does for Summer Olympics . You know , the low temperature may cause many problems .	Yeah . What's the difference between the Winter Olympics and the Summer Olympics ?	When the Olympic Games started in modern times , only summer events were included . When it grew popular , there came the Winter Olympic Games , which includes a variety of winter sports .	I see . Then , what's your favorite winter sport your favorite winter sport your favorite winter sport your favorite winter sport ?
rep-0134	Good morning . Vane Theater, at your service .	Hello . I'm thinking about watching a Chinese traditional opera with a foreign girl . What's on this weekend?	Well, there will be charity performance on Saturday night . And also, there will be a solo concert by an opera star on Sunday night .	It's a good thing that I have choices here . Can you you you you you tell me about the one on Saturday?
rep-0135	Are there any beds vacant ?	Yes , what kind of room do you want ?	I prefer one facing the sea . Besides , it should have a shower a shower a shower .
rep-0136	how long will it take us to drive to London?	I think it ’ s a distance of 180 kilometers from here to London, so it should be a two-hour drive on the motorway .	that ’ s unless there is a traffic jam . It could take three hours .	you ’ re right . We will be able to travel at high speeds at the beginning and end of the journey, because we will be in built-up areas .	so, shall we allow three hours to cover the distance?	ok . You haven ’ t seen my company car, have you?	no . let me take a look...it ’ s longer than my car .	I think it ’ s over five meters long . I can ’ t remember exactly . It has a maximum speed of over 200 kilometers kilometers kilometers kilometers kilometers an hour.
rep-0137	I'm sorry I'm so late . I had a really bad day .	It's ten after six.We ' re late.But dinner is at six thirty .	I know . I know . I'm really sorry . I lost my bag my bag my bag my bag my bag .
rep-0138	I'm looking for a string of pearls for my wife .	Yes , sir . What price range do you have in mind ?	I'm not sure . I don't know very much about the price of pearls .	I see . Let me show you some samples of various qualities . This one is very nice . It's three hundred and fifty dollars three hundred and fifty dollars three hundred and fifty dollars three hundred and fifty dollars three hundred and fifty dollars three hundred and fifty dollars .
rep-0139	Why don't you sit down and relax, darling?	I don't want to .	Well, come over and talk to me then .	Certainly not .	May I turn on the TV then?	Turn on the TV for what?	So that we can sit down together and listen to some music .	Listen to the music? And who will cook dinner, will you?	I I I I I will, but let's go to the disco after dinner.
rep-0140	Morning, Peter . Nice suit! A new one?	Oh, yes . My wife bought it for me yesterday . Hmm, you look nice in that yellow dress . Yellow suits you really well .	Maybe . Several people have suggested that I get more yellow clothes . They say the color suits me because I have a fair complexion .	That's right . You know, pink, green and black could also be good for you . Actually, I think that all colors are okay for a person with your complexion . It's just just just just just just that different colors can give people different impressions . For example, black could make you look mature, while pink could make you look young and energetic.
rep-0141	I will take it . How much ?	$ 60 .	I am sure you can do better than that .	Sorry , sir . It's the sale price .	Well , what about $ 70 with a scarf ?	It's my rock bottom price my rock bottom price my rock bottom price my rock bottom price . Take it or leave it .
rep-0142	We are planning to go to Beidaihe for vacation . Do you want to go with with with with with us?
rep-0143	Hello , this is Liu Juan Liu Juan Liu Juan speaking . Is that Mr . Brown ?
rep-0144	Leo! I wanted to tell you thanks for all your hard work on the budget . We ’ re having a get-together after work tonight at Carl ’ s Karaoke Club to celebrate having finished finished it . We ’ d love to see
rep-0145	What's up? You sound a little down in dumps .	I quarreled with my roommate last night . He is really stubborn .	Calm down! Shouting won ’ t help?	He is really outrageous .	What happened?	I went back home last night . You know tired as a dog, so I took a quick shower and went to bed . I couldn't fall asleep, because Brian was there in the living room, playing his stupid stereo so loud . I kindly told him to turn that down a little bit . He shouted at me .	What? He can't do this to you .	Well, he did it anyway . Then he came into my room and shot all his shit blah blah blah...you know .	What did you do?	I shouted it back of course .	Hold it, Mike . You You You won't accomplish anything by hollering at him, right? You worked it all up till now . Why not wait until you cool down a bit?
rep-0146	How do you celebrate national day in your country country country country?
rep-0147	John , my father isn't there at all . Are you kidding ?	Cool , fellow , what's the date today , buddy ?	It's ... oh it's the 1st April , April Fool's Day April Fool's Day .
rep-0148	I ’ m going to be moving out soon .	You still have time on your lease .	There ’ s no way that I can stay here .	That ’ s not going to be all right .	I don ’ t understand why .	I ’ m going to have to keep your deposit	Why can ’ t I have it back?	Because you ’ re leaving before your lease is over .	You have to give it back to me .	You ’ re not not not not not not going to get it.
rep-0149	Excuse me, may may may may I help you?
rep-0150	Hello, is this the ABC company?	Yes, may I I I I help you?
rep-0151	I really need to start eating healthier .	I have to start eating better too .	What kind of food do you usually eat ?	I try my best to eat only fruits only fruits only fruits only fruits only fruits , vegetables , and chicken .
rep-0152	David , I ’ m going to China .	Really ? How did you get the chance ?	You know . I took part in the Chinese contest . I was the best and they gave me this reward . I don ’ t have to pay for my trip .	Congratulations . How lucky you are !	Thank you . I ’ m leaving tomorrow morning .	I ’ m sure you ’ ll enjoy the trip . China is such a beautiful country such a beautiful country .
rep-0153	May I help you, ma'ma?	Please, where do I catch the plane for New York?	First you must check in at Counter No . 4 .	That one one one one one one there?
rep-0154	What's wrong with Debbie today? She seems upset about something .	I have have have no idea . Maybe she had a fight with her husband.
rep-0155	Hello, Parker . How ’ ’ ’ ’ s everything?
rep-0156	Morning , Peter . Nice suit ! A new one ?	Oh , yes . My wife bought it for me yesterday . Hmm , you look nice in that yellow dress . Yellow suits you really well .	Maybe . Several people have suggested that I get more yellow clothes more yellow clothes more yellow clothes more yellow clothes . They say the color suits me because I have a fair complexion .
rep-0157	The taxi drivers are on strike again .	What for?	They want the government government government government government to reduce the price of the gasoline.
rep-0158	Good morning , sir . May I help you ?	Good morning , I have an appointment with Mr . Johnson at 10:00	Excuse me , sir , but are you Mr . Richard of World Trading Company ?	Yes . That ’ s right .	I ’ m sorry , Mr . Richard . Mr . Johnson Mr . Johnson Mr . Johnson is on his way to the office . He had just called and asked you to wait a minute .
rep-0159	Good morning . Can I help you ?	Good morning Good morning Good morning Good morning . I ’ m here to see Rochelle Davis , the Human Resources Manager .
rep-0160	I hate computer games .	Why ? They are fine .	Because they are too violent . Some of them are even disgusting .	Indeed there are bad games . But many of them are good .	If boys grow up with computer games computer games computer games computer games computer games computer games , they will surely become bad .
rep-0161	Believe it or not, tea is the most popular beverage in the world after water .	Well, people from Asia to Europe all enjoy tea .	Right . And China is the homeland of tea .	Yes, Chinese people love drinking tea so much . Some even claim they can't live without tea .	Do you know there are several catagories of Chinese tea?	Yes, I believe there are green teas, black teas and scented teas . Any Others?	Well, have you ever ever ever ever ever ever heard of Oulong tea and compressed tea?
rep-0162	Honey , I ’ ll be right back !	Where are you going ?	I told you already ! I ’ m going to get my nails done .	Again ? You just went last week ! You spend more time at the nail salon than you do here at home ! Honestly , why do you need a manicure a manicure a manicure a manicure every week ?
rep-0163	What do you need today ?	I need to take a few classes a few classes .
rep-0164	Hey, how was the show show show?
rep-0165	Hi . I ’ m here to catch flight 513 to New York .	May I see your ticket please ?	Here you are . Do you need to see my passport ?	Any form of picture I . D . will do .	Mmmm ... a photo I . D . I have my New Jersey driver ’ s license . Is that ok ?	That will do . What an interesting picture ! How old is it ?	Actually it wad taken just last year , but I had a shaved head and a beard . Can you still recognize me ?	Barely . Will you be checking any luggage any luggage any luggage any luggage any luggage today ?
rep-0166	Hey , could you help me try and figure out how to get ready for my job interview ?	The most important thing to do is to make sure you know the company the company the company and what services or products it provides . Do you know all about them ?
rep-0167	I'm too tired now . I've already worked for 12 hours overtime !	God ! Don't you think they should get you an assistant ?	Yes , they were supposed to , but so far nobody's turned up , and I have to do the work alone . This is the first break I've had all day .	They're really running you into the ground . Why don't you ask for some time off ? You could take a long weekend and have a good rest .	I'm afraid I can't before I finish this project this project this project .
rep-0168	How smart of you to book the tickets before hand !	Oh , do you really think so ?	Of course , otherwise you ’ ll just have to wait for hours .	But I just got a call from my sister and I have to cancel the movie the movie tonight .
rep-0169	Hey Stacy . What's going on ?	I'm pretty tired these days .	Why ? You're not working so don't you have a lot of time on your hands ?	I have so much house work to do . I have to take care of the kids , cook , clean , laundry , and the cycle never ends .	How about your husband your husband your husband your husband your husband . Does he help much ?
rep-0170	how long will it take us to drive to London?	I think it it it it it it ’ s a distance of 180 kilometers from here to London, so it should be a two-hour drive on the motorway.
rep-0171	Jenny , what's wrong with you ? Why do you keep weeping like that ?	Mary told me that she had seen you with John last night . I got to know the fact the fact the fact the fact the fact the fact that you are playing the field .
rep-0172	The stepmother was very wicked . She couldn't stand a happy smile on the boy's face the boy's face the boy's face the boy's face .
rep-0173	What do you think we need to do to get our new branch office running well?	First, I'd make sure that we have a good, local, corporate lawyer . He or she will know all the local laws and regulations .	That ’ s very important . A friend recommended a good law firm to me . We ’ ll need someone to hire staff .	I think that we should send one of our HR people to do that . I don ’ t think we should use an agency, because they won ’ t be familiar with the type of people we employ . Have we decide on the location of	Yes . We have . We chose the location in the northeast of the city, not too far from the airport and on the edge of the CBD .	Why didn ’ t we choose an office in the CBD?	The offices there were too expensive . Have we negotiated any contracts yet?	Yes . We ’ Ve signed two contracts with companies that we already do work for in other countries . We hope to sign another three this month .	When will the branch office open?	Hopefully next month . Everything is a little rushed . We should be able to set up our branch office and expand our business quickly .	Has and advertising campaign been prepared?	Yes, it has . We ’ re going to target the business community through business magazines .	I made plenty of business contract on my last visit visit visit visit visit visit and through the embassy . We should be able to get plenty of customers.
rep-0174	Our benefits usually include medical insurance insurance insurance insurance insurance, public accumulation fund and allowances.
rep-0175	Hey , Tom , did you enjoy your lunch ?	Oh , don't mention it . It was terrible .	What ' the matter ?	The food station was as crowded as usual . I waited for 20 minutes 20 minutes 20 minutes 20 minutes 20 minutes for my sandwich , and when I finally got it the chicken was underdone .
rep-0176	Let's have some lunch some lunch ; do you know of a great restaurant somewhere ?
rep-0177	The plumbing in my new apartment is not working .	I need you to tell me what the problem is .	The bathroom sink is stopped up .	Is the kitchen plumbing messed up also , or just the bathroom plumbing just the bathroom plumbing just the bathroom plumbing ?
rep-0178	Why Why Why not come over to work in my company?
rep-0179	Marketing Manager ’ s Office . Can I help you ?	Mr . Smith , please .	Sorry , he is out .	What time do you expect him back then ?	Sorry , I am not sure . Can I take a message ?	No , thanks No , thanks . I will call back later .
rep-0180	It's said that John's broken up .	Really? But his wife has always waited on him hand and foot .	I hear that John's 's's leading a double wife.
rep-0181	I hear you are expecting your family .	Yes , my parents , and soon my brother as well .	I didn't know you had a brother .	Oh , yes , he is two years older than me . He lives in New Zealand so I don't see him that often .	Oh , nice . Is he coming on his own or with the family ?	His son is coming as well . He wants to go to university here in England so they will visit a few universities while they are here .	Does your brother have just one son ?	No , he has two daughters as well . His wife and daughters are visiting her parents . So I won't see them .	I'm sure your parents are looking forward to seeing their grandson .	Oh yes , they are really looking forward to it . They went to New Zealand last year and loved it .	So when are they all coming ?	My parents My parents My parents are already here . My brother and nephew are arriving on Monday .
rep-0182	Doris, Helen Mall is having a big sale this weekend . Do you wannago go go go?
rep-0183	Do you really have to work today ?	Yes . I'm afraid so .	But you'll miss out on the football game the football game the football game the football game the football game the football game .
rep-0184	How about another beer beer beer?
rep-0185	I can ’ t bear it . The driver is too bad .	He must be green . It ’ s lucky that we will get off soon soon soon soon.
rep-0186	John, I ’ d like you to meet Charles Brown, our new manager at the airport .	Yes, certainly . How can I recognize him?	He is short, well-built, and he ’ s got light blond hair .	Is there anything else?	He has a mustache, if I remember correctly, and a light complexion .	How old is he?	He is in his late thirties .	Well . I shouldn ’ t have any trouble recognizing him . What time does his flight arrive?	At 2 thirty thirty thirty thirty thirty.
rep-0187	Hey , you look great ! how's everything ?	Yeah , you know what ? I've been going to the club regularly . The training really pays off . Now I am in a good shape and I know more about how to keep fit .	Really ? tell me about it . I haven't gone to the club for a long time . I am too busy with work .	It's important to do proper exercises .	You're right . Too much or too little won't do any good .	The trainer tells me , besides regular sports activities , I should also have a healthy and balanced diet .	Sounds reasonable .	We should eat more vegetables instead of junk food to stay energetic .	And fruits !	Surely it is . Getting enough sleep is also crucial for fitness .	I've heard that . Does your trainer tell you anything about keeping fit ?	Yeah , he advises me to stay in a good mood . That can also help one to keep sound physical health .	I think if you follow your trainer's advice your trainer's advice your trainer's advice , you'll be on the right track .
rep-0188	Can I help help help you, sir?
rep-0189	How long have you been in England ?	For almost two years almost two years almost two years almost two years almost two years .
rep-0190	So how did I do on my driving test?	Do you want the truth?	Of course, I do .	Well, you really didn't do all that well .	How bad did I do?	To be completely honest, you failed your test .	How?	There were a number of reasons .	What were were were were they?
rep-0191	It's quit a big cafeteria , isn't it ?	Sure . I usually have my lunch here . The food is tasty and they offer a big variety .	Let's line up . The steak is very inviting . I'll have it .	I'll have ham and egg with French fries French fries French fries French fries . What dessert do you want ?
rep-0192	Good morning . My name is Mr . Brown . I ’ m from Australia . Here is my card .	Thank you . I ’ m pleased to meet you , Mr . Brown . My name is Kathy Pewless , the representative of Green Textile Import and Export Corporation .	Pleased to meet you too , Ms . Pewless . I travel a lot every year on business , but this is my first visit to your country . I must say I have been much impressed by your friendly people .	Thank you for saying so . Have you seen the exhibition halls ? On display are most of our products , such as silk , woolen knitwear , cotton piece goods , and garments .	Oh , yes . I had a look yesterday . I found some of the exhibits to be fine in quality and beautiful in design . The exhibition has successfully displayed to me what your corporation handles . I ’ Ve gone over the catalogue and the pamphlets enclosed in your last letter . I ’ Ve got some idea of your exports . I ’ m interested in your silk blouses .	Our silk is known for its good quality . It is one of our trade - trional exports . Silk blouses Silk blouses Silk blouses are brightly colored and beau - fully designed . They ’ Ve met with great favor overseas and are always in great demand .
rep-0193	Billy , you are late again .	I'm sorry I'm late . I overslept . Is the manager here today ?	Yes he ' s in his office .	Oh , I hope he didn't notice me .	Don't take any chances . It'd be best if you told him and promised not to be late again . He's already mad at you for last 2 times . Any more and he might fire you .	You said it . It won't happen again . Do you really think he'd fire me ?	I think he might . You'd better go to his office .	You are probably right . I'll go right now and apologize . I try hard not to be late but it is difficult with Beijing traffic Beijing traffic Beijing traffic Beijing traffic Beijing traffic .
rep-0194	Excuse me . Do you know where the Admiral Hotel is ?	That's over on Callaway Street Callaway Street , isn't it ?
rep-0195	So Dick , how about getting some coffee some coffee some coffee some coffee some coffee for tonight ?
rep-0196	Don ’ ’ ’ ’ t you agree that all the thieves should be punished by cutting off their fingers?
rep-0197	hi, Mary! What do you like to do in your spare time?	well, I spend a lot of time watching movies .	what a confidence! I always watch a lot of movies, too .	oh really, Frank? What kind of movies do you like?	actually, I watch whichever movie there is, be it a comedy, a sci-fi or a suspense movie . How about you?	art films are my favorite, but thrillers are cool, too .	really impressive . These two genres are totally different .	sure . I enjoy both of them very much .	how often do you go to the cinema?	once once in a while, I suppose, I usually rent movies at Movie Salon.
rep-0198	Hi there, I want to reserve a hotel room .	No problem at all . Could I have your full name, please?	Sure, John Sandals .	Hi, Mr . Sandals . I'm Michelle, at your service . When do you need the the the the the the room?
rep-0199	I have just received your note your note your note your note your note your note which informs me that you have offered the accountant position to another candidate . May I ask why I was defeated ?
rep-0200	Good morning , Sir . Where are you going ?	I ’ m going to England by flight BE987 flight BE987 .
rep-0201	So Janet , do you do any sports ?	Well , I go to the gym a lot . I am a member of a gym a gym a gym a gym a gym a gym nearby .
rep-0202	Hey man , you wanna buy some weed ?	Some what ?	Weed ! You know ? Pot , Ganja , Mary Jane some chronic !	Oh , umm , no thanks .	I also have blow if you prefer to do a few lines .	No , I am ok , really .	Come on man ! I even got dope and acid ! Try some !	Do you really have all of these drugs these drugs these drugs ? Where do you get them from ?
rep-0203	What can I do for you, miss?	I am am am am am am looking for a pair of shoes.
rep-0204	We're thinking about about about about about about going to America.
rep-0205	Hi , could we have two orange juice smoothies ?	Would you like those with yogurt ?	Sure , why not ?	What else would you like to add ? We highly recommend caterpillar fungus .	Caterpillar fungus ? ! What the heck the heck the heck is that ?
rep-0206	I'd like to invite you to dinner tonight, do you think have time?	Thank you for your inition . I'm free tonight .	Which kind of food do you like, chinese food, western food or sea sea sea sea sea food?
rep-0207	That way they look longer .	Now what are you doing ?	Putting on mascara .	Nasty . You'd better not rub your eyes .	I won't .	And you'd better not cry or you'll have black streaks running down your face your face your face your face your face your face .
rep-0208	Did you pack this bag this bag yourself ? Has it been out of your possession at any time before checking-in ?
rep-0209	How do you feel about that restaurant that restaurant that restaurant that restaurant that restaurant ?
rep-0210	Hey, look, there is a circus show over there .	I'm not in the mood .	It's the circus .	I don't want to sit there and watch them torturing the animals .	Oh, come on, they give them treat too.Oh, look, that little monkey is so cute .	Cute? Hope Hope Hope so.
rep-0211	That way they look longer .	Now what are you doing ?	Putting on mascara .	Nasty . You'd better not rub your eyes your eyes your eyes your eyes your eyes your eyes .
rep-0212	Peter, how often do you exercise?	Well, I swim and run every day .	Now, tell me, what do you eat?	Well, I do do do don't eat any meat, but I do eat fish and eggs.
rep-0213	Dave , there's something I want to talk to you about .	Zina , why are you whispering ?	I've been talking to WebTracker . I'm thinking of jumping ship jumping ship jumping ship jumping ship jumping ship .
rep-0214	I ’ m afraid I spoke in all of the table table clock.
rep-0215	Good evening . What'll you have ?	I'd like a beer a beer a beer a beer . What kind of beer do you have ?
rep-0216	What do you mean ? If he was a good programmer , he should have been raking it in .	The boss The boss The boss wanted to pay Bob with stock options . But Bob didn't want to play that game again .
rep-0217	I ’ m pretty sure that Jim will turn out to be a good lawyer .	How can you be so sure?	He He He He He knows a lot about law and he ’ s eloquent, too.
rep-0218	What kind of permanent would you like to have ?	what kinds do you have ?	Oh , yeah , It ’ s quite of variety . Regular , cold perm , straight perm straight perm straight perm straight perm , pink curl and form .
rep-0219	How is your new dormitory?	It's very nice . There are only four people, and those girls are very kind and friendly .	Well, do you all major in the same subject?	No, the other three girls major in a computer science science science science, and they can help me a lot with the computer operating.
rep-0220	It's such a nice day .	Yes, it is .	It looks like it may rain soon .	Yes, and I hope that it does .	Why is that?	I really love how rain clears the air .	Me too . It always smells so fresh after it rains .	Yes, but I love the night air after it rains .	Really? Why is that?	Because you can can can can can see the stars perfectly.
rep-0221	Here's the course description guide .	What do I do with it?	Do you want want want me to help you?
rep-0222	Here you are . You left the medicine here .	Sorry . I was too worried .	I firmly believe that you love your brother very much .	Absolutely . By the way, do you sell any traditional Chinese medicine?	Yes, we have some Chinese medicine for common cold .	I heard Chinese medicine has a better lasting effect effect effect effect in cure.
rep-0223	Do you know Sally?	Sally . She is a bachelor girl . She is an excellent designer . Many of the company's advertisements are her child trains .	Why is she still single? She must have a face that would stop clock .	Oh, quite the other way round . She is a knock-out . She devotes much of her her her time to her career.
rep-0224	How ’ s it going ?	I ’ m fine . Thank you .	Do you need anything ?	I need you to help me .	What can I do for you ?	I am looking for an article in a newspaper a newspaper a newspaper a newspaper .
rep-0225	It It It It It It's getting late . I really have to go.
rep-0226	The Great Wall is a great attraction for visitors .	It's a man-made wonder . I've seen it many times in textbooks and it's part of my dream to visit it .	Someone claimed it was one of of of of of of the two man-made wonders that could be seen on the moon.
rep-0227	Hi, I made a reservation for a mid-size vehicle . The name is Jimmy Fox .	I ’ m sorry, we have no mid-size available at the moment .	I don ’ t understand, I made a reservation, do you have my reservation?	Yes, we do, unfortunately we ran out of cars .	But the reservation keeps the car here . That ’ s why you have the reservation .	I know why we have reservations .	I don ’ t think you do.If you did, I ’ d have a car.See, you know how to take the reservation, you just don ’ t know how to hold the reservation and that ’ s really the most important part of the reservation, the holding . Anybody can just take them .	But we do have a compact or an SUV if you ’ d like .	Fine . I ’ ll take the compact .	Alright . We have a blue Ford Focus for you you you you, Mr . Fox . Would you like insurance?
rep-0228	What ’ s on TV tonight ?	Not much , that new reality-TV show , Ally McNeal , oooo , Dark Angel Dark Angel Dark Angel Dark Angel Dark Angel Dark Angel .
rep-0229	Next , please .	Could I purchase Euro with RIB here ? I have to stay here for months .	Yes , the rate for cash purchases is listed on the electronica screen , so you have seen the rate of exchange .	Yes , I have known of it .	How much do you like to exchange ?	20,000 RIB .	In what denominations ?	It doesn't matter , but leave me some small changes , that will be convenient in daily life .	Right , I will exchange for you now . Please sign the exchange form giving the name and telephone .	Well , could you change them too ? The dollars , I want to change them into Swiss francs .	OK , wait for a moment . Well , I am sorry , but we are not authorized to exchange coins because it is low and we do not have enough foreign coins enough foreign coins . In this case , you'd better change 2,000 $ to Swiss francs .
rep-0230	I had a big argument with david yesterday . I hope he ’ s not still mad at me .	What did you argue about?	He borrowed some money from me and I needed it back . He said he didn ’ t have the money yet .	Well, he should pay pay pay you back . It ’ s only fair.
rep-0231	Good morning , may I speak with Professor Clark , please ?	You are speaking with Professor Clark Professor Clark .
rep-0232	That way they look longer .	Now what are you doing ?	Putting on mascara .	Nasty . You'd better not rub your eyes your eyes .
rep-0233	how are you doing, Christopher?	to be honest, I'm really fed up with work at the moment . I need a break!	are you doing anything this weekend?	I have to work on Saturday all day! I really hate my job!	are you available on Sunday?	yes, that's my only day off until Thursday .	ok, well, my friends and I are planning on going to the beach on Sunday . We tend to leave around noon whenever we go anywhere, so you could still sleep in . Do you want to come with us?	that'd be fantastic! Which beach are you going to?	it's a quiet beach just about an hour outside of the city .	what should I bring with me?	we've got plenty of inflatables, but if you want to sit on a chair, you'll have to bring your own sunlounger .	I can just use my beach towel . I love lazing around in the sun .	do you like surfing?	I've actually never tired . Do you have a surfboard?	we've got a few . I can teach you how to surf on Sunday . It'll be fun!	I can't wait! It sounds sounds like we're going to have a great time . How much money should I bring?
rep-0234	What is life?	Don't ask such a question . You know it has no certain answer . Everyone knows it it it is in his heart.
rep-0235	Hello.this is Susan .	Hello, I ’ m Mark . I ’ m just wondering if you are free this weekend	Yes, I think So .	Good . I was thinking that I ’ d like to invite you to watch a movie . I can meet you at the cinema gate .	What ’ s the time?	Six thirty, tonight .	Oh, I ’ m sorry I can ’ t because I have to do some housework.You can ask Jenny to go with you	All right.Maybe next time I I I can go with you.Bye!
rep-0236	Gary . Could you type up this report this report for me ? I have to take off early this afternoon .
rep-0237	Allan, I am really disappointed by your lack of effort on this project .	Look, Sally . I ’ Ve put just as much work into this as anybody else .	No, I ’ m sorry . I disagree . I don ’ t think you ’ Ve been working at full speed at all .	Well . I ’ m sorry you feel feel feel feel feel that way.
rep-0238	Can you speak Japanese ?	Yes , I can , but not very well .	Where did you learn it ?	At school . And I'm still learning it now .	How long have you been learning it ?	About three years About three years About three years .
rep-0239	What shall I call him?	Oh, you may call him Uncle, or Henry .	What's he doing?	He's 's's 's's 's checking bags.He' s an official in the customs.
rep-0240	I'm not really accustomed to the style the style of the new boss .
rep-0241	Honey, what's wrong with you?	I'm not feeling well . I'm very nervous .	Take it easy . We are going to have our own baby . You should be happy .	Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah, I know.
rep-0242	It ’ s so great to be here ! I ’ m so excited to help you and my daughter with your new home !	We ’ re glad that you ’ re here . Would you like a tour of the house ?	That ’ d be great , but could I have a cup of tea first ?	Sure , I ’ ll just go put the kettle on . Why don ’ t you have a seat on the sofa and I ’ ll go take care of things in the kitchen .	That would be lovely , thanks .	Do you take milk or sugar with your tea ?	I ’ ll take a little milk , but no sugar , please . Make sure you let the tea steep a few minutes before you take the tea bag out of the cup .	Ok . What do you think about our living room ?	Well , I do like the mantelpiece and the coffee table , but I don ’ t really care for curtains . Did you get them at a yard sale ? They look ancient .	My parents gave them to us as a house warming gift .	Oh dear . Well , I suppose they will do for now . do you ever dust in here ? It seems a bit dusty in here .	Your daughter usually does the dusting , and I do the vacuuming .	I see . Well , I can help with the chores while I ’ m here . You two could probably use my help .	That ’ s That ’ s very nice of you to offer . Here ’ s your tea . Be careful , it ’ s still quite hot .
rep-0243	Hey, look, there is a circus show over there .	I'm not in in in in in in the mood.
rep-0244	Ms . Wang , this is Mr . Cooper Mr . Cooper Mr . Cooper Mr . Cooper Mr . Cooper Mr . Cooper , president of Ivy Publishing .
rep-0245	Today I want to invite you to talk about insurance you ’ re interested in .	Thank you . I wonder whether I can enjoy the life insurance and health insurance .	Of course . A two-week paid vacation a year , a five-day workweek , a five-day workweek , a five-day workweek , a five-day workweek , a five-day workweek .
rep-0246	Hello?	Hey Tina . What are you doing?	I was just watching TV . What's going on with you?	I just watched a movie and I'm scared .	What did you watch?	I saw the Sixth Sense . I didn't know it was going to be so scary .	I remember that . It was a great movie . But it was definitely scary .	If you're not busy, do you want to come over? I'm afraid to be alone .	Sure . I can come over . What should we do?	How about if we watch a comedy . I need something to get my mind off the frightening images I have from the Sixth Sense .	Ok . I'll get ready and leave . I'll see you in about 20 minutes .	Hurry, ok . It's dark out .	Don't worry, nothings going to happen happen happen happen happen happen . I'll be there real soon.
rep-0247	Have you got any any any any cheaper ones?
rep-0248	Hi there , I want to reserve a hotel room .	No problem at all . Could I have your full name , please ?	Sure , John Sandals .	Hi , Mr . Sandals . I'm Michelle , at your service your service your service your service . When do you need the room ?
rep-0249	How about you and Tom? What time is your wedding?	Don ’ t be kidding, OK OK OK OK OK?
rep-0250	It really makes my blood boil when this sort this sort this sort this sort this sort this sort of thing happens . I even want to wring his neck .
rep-0251	Every time when heroes came back from the the the the battlefield, we took our hats off to them.
rep-0252	Hey , look , there is a circus show a circus show over there .
rep-0253	Have you seen the new James Bond movie?	Oh, yes . You?	Yes . What did you think of it?	I thought it was better than the others-I really liked it . What did you think of it?	Yes, I liked it, too . It was exciting, but not over the top . Do you know what I mean?	Mmm . That's what I thought too . I really liked the car chase, and the opening credit sequence was very exciting . And I always enjoy watching Pierce Brosnan .	Oh, yes . He's brilliant . Did you like the title song?	Not as much as last time, actually . What's the name of the the the American actor who was in the supporting role?
rep-0254	Did you get Bean's ten different good luck forwards, like that one from the Dalai Lama?	Yeah, I deleted all that superstitious crap . What a waste of of of of of bandwidth!
rep-0255	Excuse me . How long has it been since the business was founded?	It It It It It It has been 12 years since it was founded in 1998.
rep-0256	Morning , Peter . Nice suit ! A new one ?	Oh , yes . My wife bought it for me yesterday . Hmm , you look nice in that yellow dress . Yellow suits you really well .	Maybe . Several people have suggested that I get more yellow clothes . They say the color suits me because I have a fair complexion .	That's right . You know , pink , green and black could also be good for you . Actually , I think that all colors are okay for a person with your complexion . It's just that different colors can give people different impressions . For example , black could make you look mature , while pink could make you look young and energetic .	Thank you for your compliments . It sounds like you're a clothing expert a clothing expert a clothing expert a clothing expert a clothing expert a clothing expert .
rep-0257	What can I do for you , young man ?	I need to rent three pairs of skates for the morning .	What sizes What sizes What sizes do you need ?
rep-0258	David, I ’ m going to China .	Really? How did you get the chance?	You know . I took part in the Chinese contest . I was the best and they gave me this reward . I don ’ t have to pay for my my my my my trip.
rep-0259	I only want a little off the top and the sides and back to have clean lines .	Okay . Is your hair your hair your hair your hair naturally curly or is it a perm ?
rep-0260	Hey , Blake ! Are you still listening to Mozart ?	Yes.Do you like it ?	It's great . and I ' Ve heard that listening to Mozart can make you more intelligent .	Really ? I've never heard that before . I just like it .	Is classical music your favorite ?	Yes . What about you ?	I Like pop music best . Classical music is a bit too heavy for me . I can't get fully relaxed in it .	Pop music doesn't have any depth for me .	Yeah , that's why I can enjoy myself in it .	Did you always like pop music .	I think so , since I was in primary school . How long have you been interested in classical music .	I didn't like it at all until I started to learn violin when I was eight . From then on . classical music has been an important part an important part an important part an important part an important part of my life .
rep-0261	Can you tell me the best way the best way the best way the best way to look for an apartment ?
rep-0262	Hey Rachael, what's up? How is your day?	Not bad.We have had a big meeting today today today today today, remember?
rep-0263	This Olympic park is so big!	Yes . Now we are in the Olympic stadium, the center of this park .	Splendid! When is it gonna be finished?	The whole stadium is to be finished this June .	How many seats are there in the stand?	Oh, there are 5000 seats in total .	I didn ’ t know it would be so big!	It is! Look there, those are the tracks . And the jumping pit is over over over over over there.
rep-0264	Excuse me . Do you know where the Admiral Hotel is ?	That's over on Callaway Street , isn't it ?	Yes , but I can't find Callaway Street Callaway Street Callaway Street .
rep-0265	Why didn't you tell me you had a girlfriend?	Sorry, I thought you knew .	But you should should should should should should tell me you were in love with her.
rep-0266	Hi . What's your name ?	My name is Jung Min . What's your name ?	My name is Jessica . It's nice to meet you .	Yes . It's nice to meet you too . Are you a new student too ?	No . I'm a sophomore . I take it you are a new student ?	Yeah . It's pretty exciting to be here .	Have fun while it lasts . The excitement wears off real quick . Especially after you see how much homework you get . Where are you from ?	I'm from Korea . My parents wanted me to go to an American university , so I came here .	I have never been to Korea . I've been to Japan before , but never Korea .	Why were you in Japan ?	My father thought it would be a good experience to take a vacation to a different country . He's so into learning about different cultures .	That's pretty cool .	I thought it would have been more fun if I went without my parents my parents my parents my parents my parents my parents .
rep-0267	Let's have some lunch; do you know of a great restaurant somewhere?	Yes, I'm hungry . What types of food sound sound good?
rep-0268	I heard you've found a new job .	Yes , I'm now working in a company a company a company .
rep-0269	Hello?	Hi, Mr . Smith . This is Mary . Is Jenny there?	No, I ’ m afraid not, Mary . May I take a message for her?	Yes, please tell her that band practice practice practice practice practice practice has been moved to Tuesday night at eight thirty.
rep-0270	You've heard of Bruce Jenner, have have have haven't you?
rep-0271	Please tell me how to file things according to the concerned rules .	Well, all right . There are four points you should keep in mind when you file file file documents, information and other things.
rep-0272	Nice day , isn't it ?	It sure is .	It's a good day for a picnic a picnic .
rep-0273	I'm looking for a string of pearls for my wife .	Yes, sir . What price range do do do do do do you have in mind?
rep-0274	Hi , I think I was supposed to call for my test results today .	If you go onto our website and put in your password , you can access your test results .	Are you saying that there weren ’ t any problems ?	I will always have you come in for a discussion if there is a major problem .	Will I be able to read the results on the website and understand them ?	Yes , if you go there , you can see what each test is about .	How will I know what the numbers the numbers the numbers the numbers the numbers mean ?
rep-0275	How did you find your apartment?	You can check on the bulletin boards at school for local housing .	What if I need a roommate roommate roommate?
rep-0276	Hey, look, there is a circus show over there .	I'm not in the mood .	It's the circus .	I don't want to sit there and watch them torturing the animals .	Oh, come on, they give them treat too.Oh, look look, that little monkey is so cute.
rep-0277	I'm really mad at Bob .	What for for for for? (Why?)
rep-0278	Look, how grand magnificent the Tiananmen Gate tour is!	What's Tiananmen famous for?	It is largest pop square in the world.you see see see see see that is monument for the people's hero, and the Chairman Mao memorial hall on the south.there is great hall of the people on the west.there are two museums on the east.
rep-0279	Hello, this is Liu Juan speaking . Is that Mr . Brown?	No No, this isn't.
rep-0280	What can I do for you today?	I have a question .	What do you need to know?	I need to take the driver's course . How many hours do I need?	It depends on what you're trying to do with the completion of the course course course course course.
rep-0281	Diane Grant? I haven't seen you for ages!	Brian! How have you been?	Pretty good . Say, you've 've've 've've really changed!
rep-0282	Look, here is a very special business card from an illustrator . Every time I go through my book of business cards, I will notice it . It is an eye-catching one .	Wow, fantastic . I like the font and color for his name . It is creative yet personal .	Yes, it is a bold design . People will believe he can make an illustration as an impressive as a business card . It just stands out from those plain and standard ones used by government people or other big private and public organizations .	I agree . Business cards are great tools for promoting personal business . It won ’ t take much time to design an amazing card, but it can make a big difference among the crowd . And you ’ ll always notice it from your collection . For they have outspoken colors, own design and the sizes are not always according the mainstream business card . I wish to have one like like like like like like this . But for sure our company has its own corporate design which all employees have to follow.
rep-0283	are you a blogger?	sure I am . I've been writing a blog for almost three years .	oh, it seems that I'm the only one who never blogs . When did you get started?	I began blogging when I first went to the US for my graduate strides .	what do you usually write about?	at first, I'll write about my life there . Like interesting things on the campus, travel stories, special English words that I come across . Sometimes, I'll post my pictures on my blog so my family an	that's interesting . How often do you write a blog?	it's random . If there happen to be a lot of things going on, I may add several new entries in a week, and if I've got nothing to share, I may leave my blog untouched for weeks .	got it . Are you still updating your blog?	sure, since I I came back from the US, I've been keeping the habit of blogging, simply to share my personal insights on any topic I like.
rep-0284	I prefer potatoes to eggplants .	I feel eggplants are are more nutritious.
rep-0285	Could you change these for me , please ?	What would you like ?	Twenties and some smaller bills , please .	Anything else ?	Yes . Could you tell many balance many balance many balance ? Here's account number .
rep-0286	May I see your passport, please?	Certainly . Here it is .	You are here on business, I think?	That's right . A German company has invited me for business talks .	How long will you be staying?	Just two weeks .	How many pieces of baggage have you got?	Only one . In this case, I have a camera .	Do you intend to take it out on your departure?	Yes, I do .	According to the regulations, the camera you've brought along for personal use can be passed for the time being duty free, but you will have to take it out with you when you leave the country .	I will .	Well Well . Have a pleasant stay in Germany.
rep-0287	Honey, I have something important to say .	Something important?	Yes . I have just booked two tickets .	Tickets? What tickets?	Two air tickets .	Air tickets?	Yes . We will fly to Paris the day after tomorrow .	We? The day after tomorrow? What are you talking about?	Today is June 18, isn ’ t it?	Yes . So?	Think about it!	Then it is June 20 the day after tomorrow .	Yes . Think about it it it it carefully.
rep-0288	Good afternoon , how may I help you ?	Hi , I'd like to order some flowers .	Who are they for ?	They're for my Wife . Her name is Samantha .	What kind of flowers would you like ?	I don't know . I don't know too much about flowers . Can you recommend something ?	OK . What's the reason you are sending her flowers ?	Today's her birthday and she told me she wants me to buy her flowers .	Do you know what kind what kind what kind what kind what kind of flowers she likes ?
rep-0289	Guess who I saw just now?	Who?	John Smith, the escaped criminal .	That bad egg, who took the low road since he was a boy .	I think I must report to to to to to the cops.
rep-0290	Jim? Jim?...What are you doing in the kitchen?	Nothing, Mummy . I was hungry so I came here for some milk .	Milk? I thought you didn't like milk .	I don't, but I couldn't find anything to eat in the refrigerator .	Nonsense . There's lots of food in the refrigerator...What's behind your back?	Nothing .	What are you hiding behind your back? Let me see see see see see see.
rep-0291	It ’ s really terrible!	What are you talking about?	Don ’ t you see many parents are forcing there children ’ s hands to learn something they think important to their children . But the children are not interested in it at at all.
rep-0292	Peter , how often do you exercise ?	Well , I swim and run every day .	Now , tell me , what do you eat ?	Well , I don't eat any meat , but I do eat fish and eggs .	Do you eat a lot a lot of vegetables ?
rep-0293	How many cleaning ladies does your company hire?	We have two cleaning ladies . But both of them have received little education .	Most cleaning ladies are illiterate . But some of them do a very nice job .	But I actually dislike another lady . She is more capable and seems to have ideas of her own . But the trouble trouble trouble trouble trouble trouble is she is a backseat driver with some of us . She would tell you what to do and where to put things.
rep-0294	Hey, how was the show?	Not great . It's a kind of boring .	Really? I heard it it it it was supposed to be great.
rep-0295	How you celebrate your Valentine ’ s Day s Day with your wife ?
rep-0296	Yesterday I had a quarrel with my roommate . I'm really fed up with all this .	Tell me what seems to be the problem .	My roommate always brings a lot of friends from off-campus . They stay in the room until midnight , singing and talking , drinking and playing cards while I have no place for study . I even don't have the quietness the quietness the quietness to sleep .
rep-0297	Hi . What's your name?	My name is Jung Min . What's your name?	My name is Jessica . It's nice to meet you .	Yes . It's nice to meet you too . Are you a new student too?	No . I'm a sophomore . I take it you are a new student?	Yeah . It's pretty exciting to be here .	Have fun while it lasts . The excitement wears off real quick . Especially after you see how much homework you get . Where are you from?	I'm from Korea . My parents wanted me to go to an American university, so I came here .	I have never been to to Korea . I've been to Japan before, but never Korea.
rep-0298	So how did I do on my driving test ?	Do you want the truth the truth ?
rep-0299	Hey, you look great! how's everything?	Yeah, you know what? I've been going to the club regularly . The training really pays off . Now I am in a good shape and I know more about how to keep fit .	Really? tell me about it . I haven't gone to the club for a long time . I am too busy with work .	It's important to do proper exercises .	You're right . Too much or too little won't do any good .	The trainer tells me, besides regular sports activities, I should also have a healthy and balanced diet .	Sounds reasonable .	We should eat more vegetables instead of junk food to stay energetic .	And fruits!	Surely it is . Getting enough sleep is also crucial for fitness .	I've heard that . Does your trainer tell you anything about keeping fit?	Yeah, he advises me to stay in a good mood . That can also help one to keep keep keep keep keep keep sound physical health.
rep-0300	Do you have maps of downtown area downtown area downtown area ?
rep-0301	Dave , there's something I want to talk to you about .	Zina , why are you whispering ?	I've been talking to WebTracker . I'm thinking of jumping ship .	What ? Are you serious ? You'd defect to our archrival ! ?	Keep your voice down . We'll talk more later . Right now I need to see Vince .	We definitely have to talk , Zina . And watch your back your back your back your back your back your back . Elvin is still mad about his nose .
rep-0302	Hello , Tom . Where are you heading for ?	I am going to a movie theater . You know there is a new action film produced by Hollywood . A thriller , really .	Another terror film ? There is too much terror and violence in the films . Do you like seeing such a picture such a picture such a picture ?
rep-0303	What's up ? You sound a little down in dumps .	I quarreled with my roommate last night . He is really stubborn .	Calm down ! Shouting won ’ t help ?	He is really outrageous .	What happened ?	I went back home last night . You know tired as a dog , so I took a quick shower and went to bed . I couldn't fall asleep , because Brian was there in the living room , playing his stupid stereo so loud . I kindly told him to turn that down a little bit . He shouted at me .	What ? He can't do this to you .	Well , he did it anyway . Then he came into my room and shot all his shit blah blah blah ... you know .	What did you do ?	I shouted it back of course .	Hold it , Mike . You won't accomplish anything by hollering at him , right ? You worked it all up till now . Why not wait until you cool down a bit ?	What would you do if you were in my shoes ?	Just stay cool . You know . When you get back home tonight , tell him that you didn't mean to quarrel with him .	No way No way No way No way , Kate . I mean it's just not my fault .
rep-0304	Mary seems depressed . What ’ s the matter ?	She didn ’ t expect to get a kick in the teeth after a day ’ s hard work a day ’ s hard work .
rep-0305	Boy , it looks like everyone in your family is here , from young to old .	Easter's a good day for reunions . The family goes to church together .	And after church they come here for lunch ?	Yup , a big potluck buffet . And then-notice there are no children around ?	Yeah , what's up with that ?	The kids The kids The kids The kids wait in the house while the grownups hide these . Hide away , Yi-jun !
rep-0306	You guys are charging me $ 10 for a movie that I never ordered or saw .	Let's see , sir . According to your file , you watched ' Titanic ' Monday evening .	Well , the wrong information is in my file . I was at a concert Monday night .	Well , your word your word your word your word your word overrules the file , sir . One moment , please .
rep-0307	Hi, I'm George . I'll be your waiter this evening . Are you ready to order or do you need a few more minutes?	I'm ready now . I'd like the roast chicken and a side order of corn .	And would you like an appetizer before your meal? The soup of the day is our delicious tomato soup .	I'll pass on the soup, but I'd like a garden salad .	Can I get you anything to drink?:	Yes, I'd like a glass of iced tea tea tea tea.
rep-0308	Good afternoon . I've brought the extra blanket you asked for .	Oh, thank you .	Is there anything I can do for you now?	Yes . I'm rather tired and want to go to bed early . Please make the bed .	Certainly, sir sir sir sir sir sir.
rep-0309	Good afternoon . I've brought the extra blanket you asked for .	Oh , thank you .	Is there anything I can do for you now ?	Yes . I'm rather tired and want to go to bed early . Please make the bed the bed .
rep-0310	I find that you spend little on handset charge every month . Have you you you you any trick?
rep-0311	Actually I have a passion for Chinese literature .	You do?	Yeah, those classics from the great writers .	But I find Japanese ones better better better better better.
rep-0312	Excuse me, is this seat taken?	I ’ m afraid this seat is taken .	Oh . is it . Thank you anyway anyway anyway anyway anyway.
rep-0313	Are you busy tomorrow morning?	I'm free . What's up?	Someone has to pick up the boss at the airport .	Oh, I just remembered I've 've've 've've got a report to write.
rep-0314	How about you and Tom ? What time is your wedding ?	Don ’ t be kidding , OK ?	What ’ s the matter ? So angry . I ’ m just playing a joke with you .	Because I have given him up as a bad job . Our relation Our relation Our relation has been over .
rep-0315	Marketing Manager ’ s Office Marketing Manager ’ s Office Marketing Manager ’ s Office Marketing Manager ’ s Office . Can I help you ?
rep-0316	Good afternoon . what can I do for you?	I want to pick up my valuables .	May I have your key please?	Sure . Here you are .	Here is your valuable . Is that right?	Yes Yes, thank you.
rep-0317	How do you feel about about about about about about that restaurant?
rep-0318	Rock music Rock music Rock music Rock music really leaves me cold . What about you ?
rep-0319	Do you like cooking?	I love it . I really enjoy creating a meal from various ingredients and watching my friends enjoy it.It gives me a real sense of satisfaction.Do you enjoy cooking?	I I I I I I don ’ t like it.It takes up too much time and I really hate having it clean up after the meal . I can ’ t stand doing the washing up, drying up and putting all the dishes and cutlery away.
rep-0320	Good morning . I ’ m from the New York book review . Could I ask you some questions about your latest book?	Sure . Take a seat...what would you like to know?	First, I ’ Ve heard that your latest book is based on a true story .	That ’ s correct . It ’ s a murder mystery based on actual murders that book place in Florida several years ago . The main character-the police invesigator-is based on the man who investigated the case .	How do you research your books?	I always visit the places that I use as setting for stories . Readers like things to be as factually correct as possible-even in fiction! I usually base my characters on people I have met . Most character are a mixture of the characters of two or more people .	I really like your books . I ’ Ve just finished this one . I read it from cover to cover in a single day . Congratulation on making the bestseller list yet again!	Thank you . Let met sign it for you...there you go .	Oh! Thank you very much . I heard that you are currently writing a collection of short stories . What are the stories about?	There ’ s a real mix of stories in the book . I haven ’ t finished all of them yet, though . Many of them are short detective stories, but there are also horror stories and sci-fi ones . If you give me your business card card card card card, I ’ ll make sure you get an advance copy to review.
rep-0321	What does your mother do, may I ask?	My mother works in a company as an accountant .	Is she busy?	Not Not Not Not always, she's rather busy at the end of the year.
rep-0322	They got a divorce at last .	It's inevitable . Their love wasbuilt on the sand, and this is why their marriage has landed on the rocks .	You said it . Love but on the the the the sand will soon be on the rocks.
rep-0323	Hide me , Yi-jun ! The kids all think I'm the real Easter bunny the real Easter bunny !
rep-0324	Here you are . You left the medicine here .	Sorry . I was too worried .	I firmly believe that you love your brother very much .	Absolutely . By the way , do you sell any traditional Chinese medicine ?	Yes , we have some Chinese medicine for common cold .	I heard Chinese medicine has a better lasting effect a better lasting effect a better lasting effect in cure .
rep-0325	Hi, I think I was supposed to call for my test results today .	If you go onto our website and put in your password, you can access your test results .	Are you saying that there weren ’ t any problems?	I will always have you come in for a discussion if there is a major problem .	Will I be able to read the results on the website and understand them?	Yes, if you go there, you you you can see what each test is about.
rep-0326	Hello . Could you have a taxi pick me up before 10:00 a . m . ?	What is your address ?	I stay at No . 115 Fucking Road .	OK , a taxi will be there by 9:30 .	What are your rates your rates ?
rep-0327	Excuse me, could you please show me the way to the human resource department?	Yeah, but have you made an appointment ahead?	Yes, of course . I am Monica . I have made an appointment with your HR manager .	Just a minute please . I ’ ll make a call to the HR office . Yes, they confirm your appointment . Please come in . it is on the 3rd floor, room 3106 . You can take the right elevator as the left on is in maintenance today today today today today.
rep-0328	So Dick, how about getting some coffee for tonight?	Coffee? I don ’ t honestly like that kind of stuff .	Come on, you can at least try a little, besides your cigarette .	What ’ s wrong with that? Cigarette is the thing I go crazy for .	Not for for for for for for me, Dick.
rep-0329	Hey . Why did you take that money ? You are such a cheater ! I should send you to jail !	I am not cheating . When you pass go , you collect $ 200 , Everyone knows that !	Well you can ’ t just take the money the money the money . You have to ask the bank for money . And I ’ m the banker .
rep-0330	That's all the general information of our company . I think you already have good knowledge about our company .	Yes, I have an overall understanding .	When we have the final results, we will call you .	Then when will I get a reply at the latest?	If you pass the interview, the personnel department will inform you within two weeks .	But if I don't pass, will you call me?	I'm sorry we won't . You can wait for two weeks . If you don't get a telephone call, it means that you weren't successful .	Then do I have the chance to get this job?	I'm sorry but I can't make the final decision myself, and I have to discuss it with with with other interviewers.
rep-0331	I want a pair of sports shoes, Adidas .	What size do you want?	I wear size 40 40 40 40 40 40.
rep-0332	How would you like your hair your hair your hair your hair your hair set ?
rep-0333	hi , Mary ! What do you like to do in your spare time your spare time your spare time ?
rep-0334	Hey! What are you doing here?	I'm just shopping .	What are you shopping for?	Some new clothes . How about you?	Same here .	Have you found anything nice yet?	I found a few pairs of pants .	Where'd you get those?	I found them at JC Pennies .	Those are really really cute.
rep-0335	Hey Stacy . What's going on?	I'm pretty tired these days .	Why? You're not working so don't you have a lot of time on your hands?	I have so much house work to do . I have to take care of the kids, cook, clean, laundry, and the cycle never ends .	How about your husband . Does he help much?	Not at all . He comes home and complains about his hard day at work . He expects me to do everything . He even wants me to feed him sometimes . Can you believe that?	That sucks .	If he wasn't so lazy lazy lazy, I think I wouldn't have any complaints . He mows the lawn, but can you believe he tried to convince me to do it?
rep-0336	Good afternoon, sir . Have you made a reservation?	I am afraid not . Are there any vacant tables?	I don't think think think think think think so . You have to wait for about 10 minutes.
rep-0337	Wow, Amy, look at that number .	What's so so so so so great about it?
rep-0338	Can you speak Japanese?	Yes, I can can, but not very well.
rep-0339	OK, everyone . Gather around . Here are the rules . No tackling . No pushing .	You shouldn't grab someone else's shirt . That's a foul .	Play is stopped when the person with the ball is touched .	You can touch them only between the shoulder and the knees .	The touchdown lines are there and there . OK, let's play!	Before we start, let's have a moment of silence for our fallen fallen fallen fallen fallen men.
rep-0340	Our benefits usually include medical insurance , public accumulation fund and allowances .	What are the allowances ?	If you go on a business trip , you will enjoy the allowance . It is 200 yuan per day .	Well , I see . And what about the vacation in our company our company our company ?
rep-0341	Are there any beds vacant?	Yes, what kind of room do you want?	I prefer one facing the sea . Besides, it should have a shower .	Sorry, right now we can only have you a room room room room room room without shower.
rep-0342	Are you finished ?	Yes.May I have some more beer ?	Oh , sure . I'll be back in a minute.Thank you for waiting . Here it is.Did you enjoy your meal ?	Yes , the meal was very delicious and I enjoyed very much . I'm full .	Is that so ? I'm glad you enjoyed it .	By the way , Miss.Where is the toilet ?	Toilets are in the rear the rear the rear the rear the rear . I'm afraid all the toilets are fully occupied at the moment .
rep-0343	we really were lucky . We got the last available table for two---and we didn't even have a reservation! Did you see the long lines behind us?	yeah, I'm glad that we didn't have to wait long . I'm starving!	let's take a look at the menu so we can order . Do you want to choose an appetizer for us to share?	what would you rather have, samosas or poppadoms?	I heard that one of their specialities is the samosa .	well, let's get a plate of those then .	sounds good . What are you going to have for your main course?	I think think think I might have a dahl.
rep-0344	Hey man, you wannabuy some weed?	Some what?	Weed! You know? Pot, Ganja, Mary Jane some chronic!	Oh, umm, no thanks .	I also have blow if you prefer to do a few lines .	No, I am am ok, really.
rep-0345	Is it your first time to join the sports meeting of Junior High School?	Yes, and it it it it it's great . What are the events at the sports meeting?
rep-0346	I need help using the washer and dryer .	Tell me what the problem is .	I can't figure out how to turn them on .	Do you have some quarters?	I didn't know I needed change .	The washer costs 50 cents and the dryer costs a dollar .	Where do I put the change?	The quarters go into the slot . You have to push the slot in, and the machine will turn on .	Is that everything that I have to do do do do do do?
rep-0347	Come in, come in!	Hi, Gary, what happened? I was waiting for you at the theater . Why didn ’ t you meet me there?	I thought we were supposed to meet here .	Don ’ t you know our movie starts at seven? And we were going to meet at the theater at five to seven . Then it doesn ’ t make sense to meet at the apartment .	I ’ m sorry . We We We We We must have misunderstood each other.
rep-0348	Do you know that the dolphin is the most intelligent animal in the world?	Yes . Dolphins have a big brain and they are very smart . They are also the fastest fastest fastest fastest swimmers in the world.
rep-0349	Have you ever shopped online ?	Quite often . It is very convenient , saving me a lot of time .	Do you have some experiences to share with me ? I want to have a try .	You are asking the right person . Here are two very important tips . First , you need to visit no more than one site to find the best products and prices . I can recommend you some online merchants some online merchants . Second , write your mail address correctly . Otherwise , you can ’ t receive your delivery in time .
rep-0350	How ’ s it going?	I ’ m fine fine . Thank you.
rep-0351	I see Mike farmer has make it into the Olympic team . He beat the national record by 0.1 of a second .	That ’ s great . He ’ s the best runner I ’ Ve seen this season . I ’ m sure he ’ ll win a medal at the Olympics .	I think you ’ re right . I think we have a very good athletics team a very good athletics team a very good athletics team a very good athletics team a very good athletics team a very good athletics team . They should do well in the Olympics . How many medals do you think we ’ ll win ?
rep-0352	What can I help you with ?	May I ask you something ?	What's your question your question your question your question your question your question ?
rep-0353	I'm very sorry, sir . My car has broken down .	Sorry Sorry Sorry Sorry to hear that . Can we do anything about it?
rep-0354	My dear , what's for supper ?	Red cooked carp and rape with fresh mushrooms .	What about soup ?	Sour-peppery soup .	Which condiment do you use for ?	I'll use ginger , garlic scallion , hot pepper hot pepper hot pepper hot pepper hot pepper and vinegar .
rep-0355	I have some great news! I was able to switch to the night shift!	I I I I I I knew everything would work out for you!
rep-0356	John, my father isn't there at all all all all all all . Are you kidding?
rep-0357	Do you have any hobbies?	Yes, I like collecting things .	Oh, that ’ s interesting, and and and and and but what kind of things?
rep-0358	What can I do for you today ?	I have a question .	What do you need to know ?	I need to take the driver's course . How many hours How many hours How many hours do I need ?
rep-0359	It ’ s so great to be here! I ’ m so excited to help you and my daughter with your new home!	We ’ re glad that you ’ re here . Would you like a tour of the house?	That ’ d be great, but could I have a cup of tea first?	Sure, I ’ ll just go put the kettle on . Why don ’ t you have a seat on the sofa and I ’ ll go take care of things in the kitchen .	That would be lovely, thanks .	Do you take milk or sugar with your tea?	I ’ ll take a little milk, but no sugar, please please please please please . Make sure you let the tea steep a few minutes before you take the tea bag out of the cup.
rep-0360	I really need to start eating healthier .	I have to start eating better too .	What kind of food do you usually eat?	I try my best to eat only only only only fruits, vegetables, and chicken.
rep-0361	Hello.Is Bob there , please ?	Hold on a second please . I'm sorry . He has gone out .	Oh.This is Paul.When will he be back ?	He will be back at about seven o'clock .	Can I leave a message please ?	Yes , certainly .	Please tell him I'll call him at the office the office the office the office the office tomorrow afternoon .
rep-0362	Ella, it's been such a long week . I'm ready to go out and party . Hey, let's go out for a night on the town .	Gosh, you took all the word right out of my mouth . Let's go out and get crazy tonight .	Let's go to the new club on West Street .	Sure, but what do I wear?	You can can can can can wear that pretty red dress.
rep-0363	What's the matter the matter with you , then ? You look miserable .
rep-0364	May I see your ticket and passport , PLS ?	Sure , here they are .	Any luggage ?	Just this suitcase .	Your backpack is very big and today's flight is quite full . I am afraid that you will have to check your backpack too .	No problem . What about this carry-on ?	You can take that with you .	Can I have an aisle seat , PLS .	No problem . I'll give you an aisle seat in the center row . And here is your ticket , passport and boarding pass . Please board the plane the plane at Gate 15 .
rep-0365	The boss The boss The boss The boss The boss announces the pay raise today , right ? How much do you think we'll get ?
rep-0366	Here is the fish counter . Look at the lobsters and crabs . Shall we we we we we we have some?
rep-0367	Did you already take the history exam?	Yeah . It was hard . When do you take it?	I take it tomorrow morning . There is so much material that I dont know what to emphasize on . What types of questions did you get?	Mostly on the civil war . You should also study the impact Martin Martin Martin Martin Martin Martin Luther King Jr . had on American society.
rep-0368	Have you seen the new James Bond movie?	Oh, yes . You?	Yes . What did you think of it?	I thought it was better than the others-I really liked it . What did did did did did you think of it?
rep-0369	You're really fit , Paul . Do you exercise very much ?	Well , I almost always get up very early , and I lift weights for an hour an hour .
rep-0370	What can I help you with?	May I ask you something?	What's your question?	How many hours behind the wheel do I need?	What do you need to take it for?	I'm trying to get my license .	You need need need need need six hours.
rep-0371	Has your company been affected much by government legislation?	Yes, we have . We've had to clean up our our our our our our production process a lot to meet tough government standards.
rep-0372	How many cleaning ladies does your company your company your company your company your company your company hire ?
rep-0373	I have a cell phone in my car . Now it's probably on the floor on the passenger side.Why don't you get it for me , and then I can call the police ?	Alright .	It doesn't work . It looks like it's broken . I need to get to a hospital . You should drive me there .	Oh , yeah ? It's better if we make a police report first . Then you can go to the hospital .	Damn it ! I'm injured here . We could wait all day for the police .	Well , you'll just have to wait . I'm not going to move my car my car my car my car my car my car until the police arrive . I'll go into one of those houses over there and use their phone . Don't worry . You'll get to the hospital in time .
rep-0374	Is there anything wrong?	I ’ m worried about my daughter . She can ’ t decide about college .	Don ’ t worry . That ’ s just a part of being a teenager .	I don ’ t mind that . But she disagrees with me about everything .	You should encourage her to make up her mind by herself . You shouldn ’ t affect her decision .	But I just want to give her some tips .	Oh, she can make her own decisions .	I guess you are right .	Believe me . Everything Everything Everything Everything Everything will be ok.
rep-0375	Hello?	Hi, Mr . Smith . This This This This This is Mary . Is Jenny there?
rep-0376	Look at this newspaper article about this famous local medium this famous local medium . It says that she is really gifted and so popular now , that she is booked solid with appointments for the next twelve months !
rep-0377	Good morning . What's the matter with you?	Good morning, doctor . I have a terrible headache .	All right, young man . Tell me how it got started .	Yesterday I had a runny nose . Now my nose is stuffed up . I have a sore throat . And I ’ m afraid I've got a temperature . I feel terrible .	Don't worry, young man . Lat me give you an examination . First let me take a look at your throat . Open your mouth and say'ah' .	Ah .	Your throat is inflamed . And your tongue is heavily coated coated . You have all the symptoms of influenza.
rep-0378	Excuse me, could you help me pick out a lotion?	Sure, what is the problem?	I got poison oak while while while while hiking, and I need something to help me with the itching.
rep-0379	I'd like to invite you to dinner tonight , do you think have time ?	Thank you for your inition . I'm free tonight .	Which kind of food do you like , chinese food , western food or sea food ?	I prefer sea food .	ok . I'll pick up your hotel your hotel your hotel your hotel your hotel at 6 thirty pm .
rep-0380	Would you check the engine, please? It is knocking .	Sure . Do you you you you want to have the car washed?
rep-0381	Excuse me , could you please show me the way to the human resource department ?	Yeah , but have you made an appointment ahead ?	Yes , of course . I am Monica . I have made an appointment with your HR manager .	Just a minute please . I ’ ll make a call to the HR office . Yes , they confirm your appointment . Please come in . it is on the 3rd floor the 3rd floor the 3rd floor , room 3106 . You can take the right elevator as the left on is in maintenance today .
rep-0382	I only want a little off the top and the sides and back to have clean lines .	Okay . Is your hair naturally curly or is it a perm?	It's natural . My friend told told me you know how to work with curls.
rep-0383	I have a stomachache .	Well, you'd better lie down now . You need need need need need need a good rest.
rep-0384	Look , here is a very special business card from an illustrator . Every time I go through my book of business cards , I will notice it . It is an eye-catching one .	Wow , fantastic . I like the font and color for his name . It is creative yet personal .	Yes , it is a bold design a bold design a bold design a bold design a bold design a bold design . People will believe he can make an illustration as an impressive as a business card . It just stands out from those plain and standard ones used by government people or other big private and public organizations .
rep-0385	Do you have maps of downtown area?	Yes, here you are .	How How much is it?
rep-0386	This position demands a higher writing ability, so please say something about your writing ability .	Of course . I've loved writing since I was a very little boy . I won the first prize in a national composition contest when I was in middle school . After attending Nanjing University, I never give up writing . My works, such as Father's Tobacco Pipe, Open Air Cinema, The old City were respectively published China Youth Daily, Yangzi Evening News, and New Beijing . During the period of studying for my degrees of master and doctor, I paid more attention to developing my research ability and published several papers . The Impact of Internet in Chinese Political Participation, The Discipline of Remold, The Historical Direction of Chinese Administration Reform, Bribery Cases of Self governance in Chinese Villages are respectively published in Chinese Publish Administration, Beijing Due Xuebao, Theory and Society and Chinese Reform . I joined in Yangzi Evening News to work as a part-time journalist in in 2006 . During this period, I've written a lot of comments, which improved my writing ability to a new level, I have full confidence in my writing ability, and I believe I can do the job well.
rep-0387	Allan , I am really disappointed by your lack of effort on this project .	Look , Sally . I ’ Ve put just as much work into this as anybody else .	No , I ’ m sorry . I disagree . I don ’ t think you ’ Ve been working at full speed full speed full speed full speed full speed at all .
rep-0388	Do you know Sally ?	Sally . She is a bachelor girl . She is an excellent designer . Many of the company's advertisements are her child trains .	Why is she still single ? She must have a face that would stop clock .	Oh , quite the other way round . She is a knock-out . She devotes much of her time her time to her career .
rep-0389	It seems that nobody in your your your your your your class likes Paul.
rep-0390	I prefer potatoes to eggplants .	I feel eggplants are more nutritious .	But as a matter a matter a matter a matter a matter of fact , potatoes taste better .
rep-0391	Hello , Mr . Black , how are you ?	Fine , thank you , and how are you ?	Very well , thank you . It's nice to meet you again . I am awfully sorry for not being able to meet you at the airport , as I was busy yesterday . I do hope you had a very enjoyable trip from New York .	Yes , a very pleasant journey indeed . Thank you .	How are you getting along with your business ?	Not bad . The fur market is not very brisk lately , but the selling season is advancing near . I hope there will be more buyers in the market this year .	I hope we can do more business together . Though we are satisfied with our past trade record our past trade record , there are still possibilities for more business . In the meantime , let's discuss other spheres of cooperation , such as investment , technology transfer and technical assistance .
rep-0392	What do you need today?	I need to take a few classes .	What kind of classes would you like to take?	How about a driver's course?	Okay, you're going to need to make an appointment .	I don't n'tn't n'tn't understand why I need to make an appointment.
rep-0393	Leo ! I wanted to tell you thanks for all your hard work on the budget the budget the budget the budget . We ’ re having a get-together after work tonight at Carl ’ s Karaoke Club to celebrate having finished it . We ’ d love to see
rep-0394	What can I show you?	Do you you you have this shirt in a small?
rep-0395	Look, that bamboo bamboo bamboo bamboo groves are flourishing . Let's go and play there.
rep-0396	how long will it take us to drive to London?	I think it ’ s a distance of 180 kilometers from here to London, so it should be a two-hour drive on the motorway .	that ’ s unless there is a traffic jam . It could take three hours .	you ’ re right . We will be able to travel at high speeds at the beginning and end of the journey, because we we we we will be in built-up areas.
rep-0397	Good morning , may I speak with Professor Clark , please ?	You are speaking with Professor Clark .	Professor , I am Kalina from your morning literature class .	Yes , how can I help you ?	I ran my car into a tree yesterday and need to miss a few days of school .	Oh , my God ! I hope you are all right .	I have a concussion a concussion , but I will be OK .
rep-0398	Believe it or not , tea is the most popular beverage in the world after water .	Well , people from Asia to Europe all enjoy tea .	Right . And China is the homeland of tea .	Yes , Chinese people Chinese people Chinese people Chinese people Chinese people love drinking tea so much . Some even claim they can't live without tea .
rep-0399	Over here is our gym . We have all the latest equipment .	But I haven't used exercising equipment before . Can you tell us some more details ?	Certainly . We have here the race apparatus , stationary bike , muscle builder set , chest expander , bar bell , dumb bell dumb bell dumb bell dumb bell dumb bell and so on .
rep-0400	Say , what's your favorite sport your favorite sport your favorite sport your favorite sport your favorite sport your favorite sport ?
rep-0401	Hello! Tomorrow I'm going to need a wake-up call .	Not a problem . What time shall we call you?	I always hit the snooze button, so give me two calls, one at 7 and another at 7 fifteen .	It'll 'll'll 'll'll be our pleasure . We'll call you at 7 and then at 7 fifteen.
rep-0402	The bartender just gave the last call . Let's order another round , okay ?	Sure , but let's get a pitcher this time We should be able to down it before they close .	That sounds good . You order the beer while I go to the bathroom . Where is the can in this place ?	It's all the way to the back . See that yellow door ?	Yeah . I think I can find it .	You're back already . That sure was quick .	That's because I just took one step one step one step one step inside and turned right around . That bathroom is too gross for me .
rep-0403	Do you have any hobbies ?	Yes , I like collecting things .	Oh , that ’ s interesting , and but what kind of things ?	Several things , for example , Very coins , stamps , stones and so on .	Stones ? I know many people collecting coins and stamps but stones ?	Yes , stones Yes , stones .
rep-0404	May I see your ticket ticket ticket ticket ticket and passport, PLS?
rep-0405	How about another beer How about another beer How about another beer How about another beer How about another beer How about another beer ?
rep-0406	Valerie! Hi! Wow how are you? It ’ s been such a long time!	Darlene! Indeed, it ’ s been a while! How have you been? Wow, you look amazing! I love what you ’ Ve done with your hair!	Really? Thanks! I went to that hair salon that you told me about, but enough about me! Look at you! You haven ’ t aged a day since the last time I saw you! What is your secret!	Ha ha, come on! Well, I ’ Ve been watching what I eat, and working out three times a week . By the way, I heard your son recently graduated!	Yes, my little Paul is finally a doctor . They grow up so fast you know .	He is such a handsome guy . He gets his looks from his mother of course!	Thank you! What about your daughter, Pamela Pamela Pamela Pamela Pamela? I heard she has passed the bar exam and married recently.
rep-0407	Sorry . I didn't mean to be late . Can I come in?	What's your excuse this time?	Have I used the one that my sister sister is sick?
rep-0408	Have you seen the new James Bond movie?	Oh, yes . You?	Yes . What did you think of it?	I thought it was better than the others-I really liked it . What did you think of it?	Yes, I liked it, too . It was exciting, but not over the top . Do you know what I mean?	Mmm . That's what I thought too . I really liked the car chase, and the opening credit sequence was very exciting . And I always enjoy watching Pierce Brosnan .	Oh, yes . He's brilliant . Did you like the the the the title song?
rep-0409	I need something to wash this down . Is there any juice in the fridge ?	What is that ? It looks like something from a swamp a swamp !
rep-0410	Excuse me , I ordered the well-done steak , but this one this one is so tough .
rep-0411	Hello, Bessie .	Hello, Jack.Happy birthday!	My birthday? I forgot it, Thank you for remembering my birthday .	I'd like to offer you my congratulations on your birthday and best wishes for your future happiness, good health and continued success . I've asked the Fairy Flowers to send you a bunch of flowers . I hope you'll like them .	Thanks a lot . I'm so touched .	Now let me sing "Happy birthday "for you .	Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank you very much.
rep-0412	I ’ m pretty sure that Jim will turn out to be a good lawyer a good lawyer .
rep-0413	Excuse me . How long has it been since the business was founded ?	It has been 12 years since it was founded in 1998 .	So , it has a history for more than a decade ?	Yes . And it was incorporated with other businesses in 2008 due to the global financial crisis the global financial crisis the global financial crisis the global financial crisis .
rep-0414	Hello , Parker . How ’ s everything ?	Can ’ t complain . And you ?	Business is booming . I understand you want to meet up with me next week . How ’ s your schedule your schedule your schedule your schedule your schedule your schedule looking ?
rep-0415	How many pieces of luggage would you like to check in, sir sir sir sir?
rep-0416	I do want to meet with you and take a look at your catalogue . We ’ re redecorating and are going to add some things .	Well , I ’ ll be glad to help you out . I can come out anytime on Tuesday or Thursday of next week .	Let ’ s put it down for 1:15 on Thursday . We ’ ll definitely need some new filing cabinets some new filing cabinets some new filing cabinets some new filing cabinets some new filing cabinets some new filing cabinets and at least one desk unit .
rep-0417	Would you check the engine the engine the engine , please ? It is knocking .
rep-0418	I want to see the man the man responsible for selling typewriters .
rep-0419	Can you help me plan the office party?	Sure . What do you need the most help with, the food or entertainment?	I need help help help help help help with food.
rep-0420	Hello, Mr . Black, how are you?	Fine, thank you, and how are you?	Very well, thank you . It's nice to meet you again . I am awfully sorry for not being able to meet you at the airport, as I was busy yesterday . I do hope you had a very enjoyable trip from New York .	Yes, a very pleasant journey indeed . Thank you .	How are you getting along with your business?	Not bad . The fur market is not very brisk lately lately lately lately lately lately, but the selling season is advancing near . I hope there will be more buyers in the market this year.
rep-0421	Abby Park Hotel . Can I help you?	Yes, I would like to book a room for my wife and myself .	Certainly sir . Could I have your arrival and departure dates?	We will be arriving on Tuesday next week and staying for two days .	We have a double room for you with a nice view of the park . Would that be OK?	Yes, that would be great . How much is the room?	It is ninety-five pounds per night . It is a double room with a bathroom . There is a fridge, coffee maker and a television in the room .	Does the bathroom have a bath or a shower?	All our bathrooms have full size baths with a shower attachment .	Does the room have an Internet connection?	Yes, all our rooms have complimentary wireless Internet .	Excellent . Do you serve breakfast in the hotel?	Yes, breakfast is included in the price . Our guests have the choice of a full English breakfast breakfast breakfast or a continental breakfast.
rep-0422	Good morning . May I help you?	Yes, I'd like to check out now . My name's Adams, room 312 . Here's the key .	One moment, please, sir ....Here's your bill . Would you like to check and see if the amount is correct?	What's the 14 pounds for?	That's for the phone calls you made from your room .	Can I pay with traveller's cheques?	Certainly . May I have your passport, please?	Here you are .	Could you sign each cheque here for me?	Sure .	Here Here Here Here Here Here are your receipt and your change, sir . Thank you.
rep-0423	Good morning . I ’ m from the New York book review . Could I ask you some questions about your latest book ?	Sure . Take a seat ... what would you like to know ?	First , I ’ Ve heard that your latest book is based on a true story .	That ’ s correct . It ’ s a murder mystery based on actual murders that book place in Florida several years ago . The main character-the police invesigator-is based on the man who investigated the case .	How do you research your books ?	I always visit the places the places the places the places the places the places that I use as setting for stories . Readers like things to be as factually correct as possible-even in fiction ! I usually base my characters on people I have met . Most character are a mixture of the characters of two or more people .
rep-0424	Hi, Jack, how have you been?	Not very well .	Why? Looks like you're feeling very down! What happened?	Nothing .	Come on . For a man who's feeling so, down, there're usually two reasons . Either his career is going downhill, or he has a broken heart . Since you're so successful, it must be the latter .	Well, you're right . I just broke up with Jane .	Oh, I'm sorry . I thought you two were made for each ocher .	Well, you never know . I'm ready for a commitment and want to to to to settle down, but she says she wants to pursue her career while she's still young.
rep-0425	It's too hot to read .	We'd better go out for a walk .	Which season do you like best ?	Spring .	How about summer ?	I dislike it most .	Why ?	Because the hottest season is summer in a year a year a year a year a year .
rep-0426	Do you like cooking ?	I love it . I really enjoy creating a meal a meal from various ingredients and watching my friends enjoy it.It gives me a real sense of satisfaction.Do you enjoy cooking ?
rep-0427	Oh, hi, Jessica, are you going to see this movie too?	I'd love to, the movies are smash hit .	Then let's go in .	I can't . I'm waiting for Paul, but he's late late late.
rep-0428	Excuse me . I bought this shirt yesterday, but I would like to refund it .	Gave me the receipt, please .	Here is my receipt .	What's wrong with it?	It's too small for me me me me me me to wear.
rep-0429	Have you seen the new James Bond movie ?	Oh , yes . You ?	Yes . What did you think of it ?	I thought it was better than the others-I really liked it . What did you think of it ?	Yes , I liked it , too . It was exciting , but not over the top . Do you know what I mean ?	Mmm . That's what I thought too . I really liked the car chase , and the opening credit sequence was very exciting . And I always enjoy watching Pierce Brosnan Pierce Brosnan .
rep-0430	Well, known, Jim, I'm...I'm pretty much much in favour of your computers, I think computers teach kids to think, because they require logical thoughts.
rep-0431	Ah , here we are .	This is the place I was telling you about .	Would you like to sit near the window ?	Good .	Let's have a look a look a look at the menu . Oh , there isn't a menu . Do you think you could ask the people at the next table if we could look at their menu ?
rep-0432	how long will it take us to drive to London ?	I think it ’ s a distance of 180 kilometers from here to London , so it should be a two-hour drive on the motorway .	that ’ s unless there is a traffic jam . It could take three hours .	you ’ re right . We will be able to travel at high speeds at the beginning and end of the journey , because we will be in built-up areas .	so , shall we allow three hours to cover the distance ?	ok . You haven ’ t seen my company car , have you ?	no . let me take a look a look a look a look a look a look ... it ’ s longer than my car .
rep-0433	Let me tell you some more . The interest is settled on the 20th of the last month in each quarter , It's paid quarterly . Of course it also needs to be settled if you cancel the account .	Miao Ping , in your opinion , should we go for the Type A or Type B Account Type B Account Type B Account Type B Account ?
rep-0434	John, my father isn't there at all . Are you kidding?	Cool, fellow, what's 's's the date today, buddy?
rep-0435	Here you are . You left the medicine the medicine here .
rep-0436	Good morning . Can I help you?	Good morning . I ’ m here to see Rochelle Davis, the Human Resources Manager .	Do you have an appointment with her?	Yes, I do . I have have a 10:00 appointment with her this morning.
rep-0437	Reservation , can I help you ?	Yes , I would like to reserve a room for next Monday .	Wait a moment , please . Let me check it .	By the way the way the way the way the way the way , I want a large room .
rep-0438	Honey , I have something important to say .	Something important ?	Yes . I have just booked two tickets .	Tickets ? What tickets What tickets What tickets What tickets What tickets ?
rep-0439	How was your business trip?	Great - they wined and dined us all week week week week week week.
rep-0440	Hello , are you Chinese ?	No , I'm Korean . Where are you from ?	I'm from America . Are you settling in all right ?	I've already found a flat and it's quite comfortable . What about you ?	I live in my uncle's house my uncle's house . He came here ten years ago .
rep-0441	Room service .	Good morning . This is room 113 . I'd like some breakfast , please .	Right . Excuse me . Mrs . Jones ?	That's right .	What can I do for you ?	I'd like some grapefruit juice , marmalade , two scrambled eggs with two sausages two sausages , toast , and a pot of black coffee , please . How long will it take ?
rep-0442	I do want to meet with you and take a look a look a look a look a look a look at your catalogue . We ’ re redecorating and are going to add some things .
rep-0443	Hello , Mrs.White Hello , Mrs.White Hello , Mrs.White Hello , Mrs.White Hello , Mrs.White Hello , Mrs.White ! I'm Anne .
rep-0444	Excuse me . Do you have the time?	My watch is a few minutes fast . It's about six forty forty forty forty forty forty, I think.
rep-0445	May I help you , ma'ma ?	Please , where do I catch the plane for New York ?	First you must check in at Counter No . 4 .	That one there ?	That's right . Then you will follow the signs the signs the signs the signs to Gate 85 .
rep-0446	Come in, come in, what can I do for you?	Professor Donald, are you giving your advanced geology course again next semester?	Yes, I am applying on it .	I wonder if I could enroll in it . I know it is a graduate course and I' m a junior, but...	Aren't you a bit young? I have a lot of qualified seniors to take the course and they usually have a hard time keeping up .	I know, but geology of the American west is my major major major major interest and I have done a large reading in the field.
rep-0447	I will take it . How much?	$60 .	I am sure you can do better than that .	Sorry, sir . It's the sale price .	Well, what about $70 with a a a a a a scarf?
rep-0448	The stepmother was very wicked . She couldn't stand a happy smile on the boy's face .	And ?	And she did her best to pull out the thorn in her flesh and the boy lost whatever made him happy .	Poor child Poor child Poor child Poor child !
rep-0449	Hey! What are you doing here?	I'm just shopping .	What are you shopping for?	Some new clothes . How about you?	Same here .	Have you you you you found anything nice yet?
rep-0450	Hey . Why did you take that money? You are such a cheater! I should send you to jail!	I am not cheating . When you pass go, you collect $200, Everyone knows that!	Well you can ’ t just take the the money . You have to ask the bank for money . And I ’ m the banker.
rep-0451	I have to check out today today today today . I'd like my bill ready by 10 this morning.
rep-0452	Hey, May, look, Is that the the poster of the movie we saw yesterday?	Yes, that's right . That's the poster of the The Witch .	May, I really regret watching it with you last night .	Did it scare you?	Of course not . I just thought the movie was...boring .	Boring? Come on, you clutched to my arm all the time .	Well, I admit . The ghosts were scary .	I like scary movies .	That's Gucci's influence . I love science fiction movies movies movies movies!
rep-0453	Hello ! How do I get more amenities ?	I'm sorry , sir . I'm not sure I understand .	I'm talking about the free stuff , like soap and shampoo .	Oh , I see . So , you're saying that you've already run out of your amenities .	No , no . I've got plenty left .	Now I'm confused again ! What is the problem ?	What am I going to do about souvenirs ?	Oh , I get it ! You want souvenirs !	Yes , I've got enough soap for my use , but no extra soap for souvenirs .	Sir , our souvenir shop carries all those items all those items all those items all those items all those items all those items , and as a guest you get a discount .
rep-0454	I went to the tutoring service centre on campus today . And I got a job .	Congratulation . What will you do ?	They got me a part-time tutoring job , teaching an Australian businessman Chinese .	That's wonderful . I want to get a part-time job too . Tell me what I should do .	It's very simple actually . You can go to the service centre the service centre and have your name and job interest resisted . They will give you a call if any job comes up .
rep-0455	Shall we share share share share a taxi?
rep-0456	There's plenty left . Would you like another helping another helping another helping ?
rep-0457	I hate doing the damn laundry the damn laundry the damn laundry the damn laundry .
rep-0458	Is there anything wrong ?	I ’ m worried about my daughter . She can ’ t decide about college .	Don ’ t worry . That ’ s just a part of being a teenager .	I don ’ t mind that . But she disagrees with me about everything .	You should encourage her to make up her mind by herself . You shouldn ’ t affect her decision .	But I just want to give her some tips .	Oh , she can make her own decisions her own decisions her own decisions her own decisions .
rep-0459	Have you any round-neck sweater?	Yes . Actually our range of sweaters is the most comprehensive available .	Can I try this one on?	Sure, go ahead .	The color is too bright.For my age, I would would would would would would prefer a lighter color.
rep-0460	Could you please tell me how I can go job-hunting in the web?	Generally speaking, job seekers can enter the websites either of job agencies or of some units for job advertisements .	How should should should should should should I contact them?
rep-0461	Welcome to the company . We are conducting a survey of new employees to find out what influenced them to choose our company .	That's easy . It was your office ergonomics that decided me .	You're kidding ! Something as simple as that ?	Yes . It is very important to me . My mother worked in offices for twenty years , and she finally had carpal tunnel syndrome carpal tunnel syndrome carpal tunnel syndrome . I have been reading about repetitive stress injuries , and I know that t
rep-0462	Good afternoon, how may I help you?	Hi, I'd like to order some flowers .	Who are they for?	They're for my Wife . Her Her Her Her Her name is Samantha.
rep-0463	Good morning . I ’ m from the New York book review . Could I ask you some questions about your latest book ?	Sure . Take a seat ... what would you like to know ?	First , I ’ Ve heard that your latest book is based on a true story .	That ’ s correct . It ’ s a murder mystery based on actual murders that book place in Florida several years ago . The main character-the police invesigator-is based on the man who investigated the case .	How do you research your books ?	I always visit the places that I use as setting for stories . Readers like things to be as factually correct as possible-even in fiction ! I usually base my characters on people I have met . Most character are a mixture of the characters of two or more people .	I really like your books . I ’ Ve just finished this one . I read it from cover to cover in a single day . Congratulation on making the bestseller list yet again !	Thank you . Let met sign it for you ... there you go .	Oh ! Thank you very much . I heard that you are currently writing a collection of short stories . What are the stories about ?	There ’ s a real mix of stories in the book . I haven ’ t finished all of them yet , though . Many of them are short detective stories , but there are also horror stories and sci-fi ones . If you give me your business card , I ’ ll make sure you get an advance copy an advance copy an advance copy to review .
rep-0464	Do you know Sally ?	Sally . She is a bachelor girl . She is an excellent designer . Many of the company's advertisements are her child trains .	Why is she still single ? She must have a face that would stop clock .	Oh , quite the other way round . She is a knock-out . She devotes much of her time her time to her career .
rep-0465	Hello.Is Bob there, please?	Hold on a second please . I'm sorry . He has gone out .	Oh.This is Paul.When will he be back?	He will be back at about seven o'clock .	Can I leave a message please?	Yes, certainly .	Please tell him I'll call him at the the the the office tomorrow afternoon.
rep-0466	I have a cell phone in my car . Now it's probably on the floor on the passenger side.Why don't you get it for me , and then I can call the police ?	Alright .	It doesn't work . It looks like it's broken . I need to get to a hospital . You should drive me there .	Oh , yeah ? It's better if we make a police report first . Then you can go to the hospital .	Damn it Damn it ! I'm injured here . We could wait all day for the police .
rep-0467	Hello, Tom . Where are you heading for?	I am going to a movie theater . You know there is a new action film produced produced produced produced produced produced by Hollywood . A thriller, really.
rep-0468	what did you do last night?	I just stayed at home home home home and watched TV.
rep-0469	Hello , Daisy , how are you doing ?	Fine , thank you . I haven ’ t seen you for quite some time . What have you been up to recently ?	I have been spending a lot of time watching movies at home , so you wouldn't have seen me . Recently , I've been obsessed with horror films .	Oh , how can you be infatuated with horror films ? They're so scary .	Yeah , you are right I used to not watch horror films horror films , but after seeing Silence of the Lamb with Mike last month , I fell in love with them .
rep-0470	I really need to start eating healthier .	I have to start eating better too .	What kind of food do you usually eat?	I try my best to eat only fruits, vegetables, and chicken .	Is that really all that you eat?	That's basically it .	How do you stick to only those those foods?
rep-0471	I'm too tired now . I've already worked for 12 hours overtime!	God! Don't you think they should get you an assistant?	Yes, they were supposed to, but so far nobody's turned up, and I have have to do the work alone . This is the first break I've had all day.
rep-0472	Excuse me . Do you know where the Admiral Hotel is?	That's over on Callaway Street, isn't it?	Yes, but I can't find Callaway Street .	Walk that way for about four blocks . The hotel's about two blocks blocks north of there.
rep-0473	Look, that bamboo groves are flourishing . Let's go and play there .	Wait! Look at that board, what's on it? ' Please don't enter the bamboo groves .' We're not allowed to go in in.
rep-0474	What ’ s the Mountaineering Club doing this weekend?	We are going to climb a cliff on the Colorado River .	How hard is the climb?	It is a very difficult climb because there are not many places to put your hands and feet .	What did you do last week?	We rappelled down the side of 300 - foot cliff . It was very exciting .	Wow! That sounds like a lot of fun . I ’ m sorry I missed it .	Well, you should come this weekend . I think you could do the climb .	Yeah, I will . See you then then then then then!
rep-0475	Hi . What's your name ?	My name is Jung Min . What's your name ?	My name is Jessica . It's nice to meet you .	Yes . It's nice to meet you too . Are you a new student too ?	No . I'm a sophomore . I take it you are a new student ?	Yeah . It's pretty exciting to be here .	Have fun while it lasts . The excitement wears off real quick . Especially after you see how much homework you get . Where are you from ?	I'm from Korea . My parents wanted me to go to an American university , so I came here .	I have never been to Korea . I've been to Japan before , but never Korea .	Why were you in Japan ?	My father thought it would be a good experience to take a vacation to a different country . He's so into learning about different cultures .	That's pretty cool .	I thought it would have been more fun if I went without my parents .	Well , if you ever want to visit Korea , I would be happy to show you around .	Thanks for the offer the offer . I'll keep that in mind . Oh , the professor is coming . We'll talk more after class .
rep-0476	I'm very sorry , sir . My car has broken down .	Sorry to hear that . Can we do anything about it ?	I'm afraid not .	Then I have to call another taxi another taxi another taxi another taxi another taxi another taxi , or I'll be late .
rep-0477	Hello ?	Hi , Mr . Smith . This is Mary . Is Jenny there ?	No , I ’ m afraid not , Mary . May I take a message for her ?	Yes , please tell her that band practice band practice band practice has been moved to Tuesday night at eight thirty .
rep-0478	Guess who I saw just now ?	Who ?	John Smith , the escaped criminal .	That bad egg That bad egg That bad egg That bad egg That bad egg , who took the low road since he was a boy .
rep-0479	How do you celebrate national day in your country ?	There are parades in many cities and people fly the national flags the national flags the national flags from almost every public building .
rep-0480	Could you tell me if you have ever taken a class from Dr . Miller ?	Yes . Are you going to be taking a class from him ?	Yes , but I have never taken his class before .	He is very interesting and challenging . Is that what you are looking for ?	Yes , that's what I need .	He is really clear on what you need to learn to get a good grade . Are you willing to study hard ?	Yes , I guess so .	What I really liked about him is that he was an understanding and friendly teacher . Do you enjoy that in a teacher a teacher a teacher a teacher a teacher ?
rep-0481	I give up! I simply can't learn French!	Why do you say that? I think you're making a lot of progress .	No, I'm not . I try and try and I still still can't speak it very well.
rep-0482	Excuse me, sir.Is there a barber near here?	Yes, the nearest one is at the third cross of this road .	I'm a stranger stranger stranger stranger stranger here.How can I get there, please?
rep-0483	Every time when heroes came back from the battlefield , we took our hats off to them .	You were showing respect and admiration for them .	I wish I were a hero a hero a hero .
rep-0484	Wow , Amy , look at that number .	What's so great about it ?	What do you mean ? It's a scrim .	Not to me , I wouldn't be caught dead in that .	I love that kind that kind that kind that kind that kind of stuff .
rep-0485	Now please tell me something about your past work achievements .	All right, madam . When I was sales manager at the Beijing Friendship Store . I succeeded in raising the yearly sales volume by 25% and profit profit profit profit margins from 50% to 80%.
rep-0486	I ’ m afraid I spoke in all of the table clock .	Never mind about that .	I ’ m terribly sorry , Won ’ t Won ’ t Won ’ t you let me pay for ?
rep-0487	Boy, it looks like everyone in your family is here, from young to old .	Easter's a good day for reunions . The family goes to church together .	And after church they come here for lunch?	Yup, a big potluck buffet . And then-notice there are no children around?	Yeah, what's up with that?	The kids wait in the house while the grownups hide these . Hide away, Yi-jun Yi-jun Yi-jun!
rep-0488	It's getting late . I really have to go go.
rep-0489	Hello, are you Chinese?	No, I'm Korean . Where are you you from?
rep-0490	Are you busy tomorrow morning ?	I'm free . What's up ?	Someone has to pick up the boss at the airport .	Oh , I just remembered I've got a report a report to write .
rep-0491	Can I get my dress dress dress dress dress today?
rep-0492	Joe , how are you doing ?	I am great ! How about you , Mary ? How are you ?	I am doing great ! Thank you for asking , Joe .	I was wondering if you want to go see a movie with me tonight ?	I need to stay home tonight and finish my term paper my term paper my term paper .
rep-0493	Tom , is Jenny crying ?	Can you take he away from me ?	I ’ m just coming for that .	She kept bothering me .	She ’ s your sister your sister your sister your sister . What she asked was only duck soup for you . Why can ’ t you be good to her ?
rep-0494	Ella , it's been such a long week . I'm ready to go out and party . Hey , let's go out for a night a night a night a night a night on the town .
rep-0495	Hi , Dan . What's new ?	Where have you been ? I've been trying to get in touch with you for two days .	I went to Salt Lake City on business . What's up ?	I got fired .	How come ? Last time I saw you . You told me it was a good job a good job a good job , and you'd like to take it as a career . That was only one month ago . Why this sudden change ?
rep-0496	How long will you stay in New York ?	Just tor three days . I won't need these luggages.CouId I put them here ?	I am sorry . If you have here more than 24 hours more than 24 hours more than 24 hours more than 24 hours more than 24 hours more than 24 hours between connecting flights , we can't check your luggage through London .
rep-0497	Excuse me, may I help you?	Would you please fill some gas for me?	Sure . Which kind of of of of of of gas do you want?
rep-0498	Hello ?	Hi , Mr . Smith . This is Mary . Is Jenny there ?	No , I ’ m afraid not , Mary . May I take a message a message a message a message for her ?
rep-0499	I had a big argument a big argument a big argument with david yesterday . I hope he ’ s not still mad at me .
rep-0500	Hey, Blake! Are you still listening to Mozart Mozart?
rep-0501	I ’ m glad you could find time to meet with me , Mr . Johnson . I can ’ t think of a nicer environment for our meeting today , the ambiance here is lovely !	No problem , if possible I always combine business with pleasure . Now , let ’ s hear more about these chocolates you ’ re offering .	Well , as you know , I have recently become the sole distributor for Grangers Gourmet Bon-bons here in the United States . They ’ re a new manufacturer and are looking to break into the luxury market . Naturally , your restaurant sprang into my mind immediately . I think your brand exemplifies many of the same traits as Grangers and serving these chocolates would really add to your reputation for providing elegant , luxurious , first class dining .	Mmmm , sounds interesting ... gourmet chocolates , where are they produced ? Belgium ?	Actually , the factory is located in Scotland .	Really ? I didn ’ t think they were known for their luxury chocolate production	That ’ s what makes this such a fantastic opportunity ! The government is one hundred percent supportive of creating new export markets and has guaranteed a low tariff for all wholesale orders of over one thousand units . They ’ Ve also reduced the red tape involved at customs as well . Here , I brought these especially for you , try one !	Oh , thanks . Mmm , hmm , creamy texture , very smooth ...	Unique , aren ’ t they ? I bet you ’ Ve never tasted anything like it ! Quality is assured as I personally visit the factory to make sure no one ’ s cutting corners with the ingredients . Only the creme make it through inspection .	Yes , very interesting flavors ... Slightly spicy , very unique , that ’ s for sure . Exactly what ARE the ingredients ?	I have it on highest authority that this traditional secret recipe has been handed down in the Granger family for generations . I ’ m sure you can keep a secret . Buttermilk , cacao beans , sugar and Haggis .	Haggis ? What ’ s Haggis ?	It ’ s a traditional Scottish delicacy , you take sheep ’ s liver , heart and lung and stuff it inside of the sheep the sheep the sheep the sheep the sheep ’ s stomach .
rep-0502	Come on, you are left behind!	Wow, I can't catch my breath . You are running too fast, honey .	You just need more exercise .	Yes, but you need to slow down . This is jogging, not racing!	I don't care . I want to burn up my fat .	But running so fast is not good for people over forties .	Why?	We are not as athletic as as as as we were when young . Mild exercise is more suitable for us.
rep-0503	It ’ s so great to be here ! I ’ m so excited to help you and my daughter with your new home !	We ’ re glad that you ’ re here . Would you like a tour of the house ?	That ’ d be great , but could I have a cup of tea first ?	Sure , I ’ ll just go put the kettle on . Why don ’ t you have a seat on the sofa and I ’ ll go take care of things in the kitchen .	That would be lovely , thanks .	Do you take milk or sugar with your tea ?	I ’ ll take a little milk , but no sugar , please . Make sure you let the tea steep a few minutes before you take the tea bag out of the cup .	Ok . What do you think about our living room ?	Well , I do like the mantelpiece and the coffee table , but I don ’ t really care for curtains . Did you get them at a yard sale ? They look ancient .	My parents gave them to us as a house warming gift .	Oh dear . Well , I suppose they will do for now . do you ever dust in here ? It seems a bit dusty in here .	Your daughter usually does the dusting , and I do the vacuuming .	I see . Well , I can help with the chores while I ’ m here . You two could probably use my help my help my help my help my help .
rep-0504	I I hate doing the damn laundry.
rep-0505	I do want to meet with you and take a look at your catalogue . We ’ re redecorating and are going to add some things things things.
rep-0506	Hey ! What are you doing here ?	I'm just shopping .	What are you shopping for ?	Some new clothes . How about you ?	Same here .	Have you found anything nice yet ?	I found a few pairs of pants .	Where'd you get those ?	I found them at JC Pennies JC Pennies .
rep-0507	Can you tell me the best way to look for an apartment?	The local newspaper has ads for housing .	Is there any way to find a roommate to share an apartment with?	Sometimes you can post an advertisement saying that you need a roommate .	What do landlords charge for rent?	Would you like an apartment for just yourself, or do you need it for two people?	There are two of us, but we only need a one-bedroom apartment .	You should be able to easily easily easily easily easily find that for twelve hundred dollars a month.
rep-0508	Good evening . What'll you have?	I'd like a beer . What kind of beer do you have?	Draft beer and cans beer . Which do you prefer?	A draft beer please .	OK . Here you are .	Could I have some fruit fruit fruit?
rep-0509	I hear you are expecting your family .	Yes, my parents, and soon my brother as well .	I didn't know you had a brother .	Oh, yes, he is two years older than me . He lives in New Zealand so I don't see him that often .	Oh, nice . Is he coming on his own or with the family?	His son is coming as well . He wants to go to university here in England so they will visit a few universities while they are here .	Does your brother have just one son?	No, he has two daughters as well . His wife and daughters are visiting her parents . So I won't see them .	I'm sure your parents are looking forward to seeing their grandson .	Oh yes, they are really looking forward to it . They went to New Zealand last year and and and loved it.
rep-0510	I wonder what he looks like . Oh , I can't wait to see him ! His email said he'd be wearing a white hat . ( looking around for him ) oh , there is .	Hey , Isabelle ...	Logan ! Why on earth are you hiding here ? White hat White hat White hat White hat ! Come on ! Don't tell me you're the guy ! It can't be true .
rep-0511	I'm looking for a good multivitamin . Can you recommend one?	Yes . Come with me to the vitamin section .	I knew there would be a few choices, but this selection is huge!	You're looking for a multi though, right?	That's right . Just a simple multi-vitamin that I can take every day .	Okay . Then I recommend this one . It's made especially for men about your age .	Oh! You took the guesswork right right right right right out of that one.
rep-0512	I'm looking for a good multivitamin . Can you recommend one ?	Yes . Come with me to the vitamin section .	I knew there would be a few choices , but this selection is huge !	You're looking for a multi though , right ?	That's right . Just a simple multi-vitamin that I can take every day .	Okay . Then I recommend this one . It's made especially for men about your age .	Oh ! You took the guesswork the guesswork the guesswork the guesswork the guesswork right out of that one .
rep-0513	Yes , madam ? Can I help you ?	Oh , yes , please . But you are just closing , aren't you ?	Well , yes , we are , madam . The shop shuts down in five minutes .	I shall not keep you long then . It was about some saucepans you had in your window last week .	Last week , madam ? I really can't remember which ones you mean . What were they like ?	Oh , they were lovely . Sort of imitation wood , dark brown color , country-style you know , and the lids , if I remember rightly , they had a sort of leaf pattern , or was it flowers ?	That's strange . I don't recognize any of the ones we had from that description . Are you sure they were in this shop ?	Oh , you must know the ones I mean . They were on sale , a real bargain . Reduced to a quarter of the original price . I couldn't believe my eyes when I saw them .	I am afraid the sales are over now , madam . And you know we all sold out of the saucepans .	I don't think you did , you know . My neighbor told me she saw some here only yesterday .	Well , it's all new stock in the window now .	May I just have a look , to see if there is anything else ?	Eh , well , madam , as you know we are closing .	Yes , yes , I am sorry I won't keep you . It must get on your nerves when customers come in right at closing time . But they were such beautiful saucepans . I ’ d have bought them if I had made up my mind on the spot .	Perhaps madam , if you come back tomorrow , I could show you the whole range of kitchen ware . And there are still one or two things at the sale price .	Oh , look ! That was the one there . That is the sort of thing I was looking for . But it's not quite the color .	That might be the artificial lighting , madam . Of course , if you could come back in daylight , you might find it ’ s exactly what exactly what exactly what exactly what exactly what exactly what you are looking for .
rep-0514	Ella , it's been such a long week . I'm ready to go out and party . Hey , let's go out for a night on the town the town the town the town the town the town .
rep-0515	I have a cell phone in my car car . Now it's probably on the floor on the passenger side.Why don't you get it for me, and then I can call the police?
rep-0516	My friend Jean is very beautiful .	What's her figure ?	Perfect , and I like her charming eyes her charming eyes her charming eyes her charming eyes too .
rep-0517	Look , that bamboo groves are flourishing . Let's go and play there .	Wait ! Look at that board , what's on it ?	' Please don't enter the bamboo groves the bamboo groves the bamboo groves the bamboo groves the bamboo groves . ' We're not allowed to go in .
rep-0518	I was just watching a documentary on TV about how people use dogs for various purpose . It was very interesting .	I love dogs . They have been used as guards for centuries . Nowadays, they are often used to find illegal drugs and bombs by the police and customs officers .	The documentary also pointed out that they are used by shepherds to round up sheep and by rescue workers to find people trapped under rubble or snow .	Horses are useful to people too . We use them for sports and recreation .	Don ’ t forget that horses are still used in many countries to pull ploughs and carts .	Can you ride a horse?	Yes, I can . I don ’ t ride regularly though . How about you?	I can ride too . Perhaps we could could go horse riding together at the weekend?
rep-0519	Sorry . I didn't mean to be late . Can I come in ?	What's your excuse this time ?	Have I used the one that my sister is sick ?	Yes , twice last week .	Are you sure ? I thought I said it was my mother .	I don't think so . But it could've been .	Well . You can trust me this time . My sister is definitely sick . I'm just coming from the hospital the hospital the hospital the hospital . They say she might even die .
rep-0520	That way they look longer .	Now what are you doing?	Putting on mascara .	Nasty . You'd better not rub your eyes .	I won't .	And you'd better not cry or or or or or or you'll have black streaks running down your face.
rep-0521	I only want a little off the top and the sides and back to have clean lines clean lines clean lines .
rep-0522	Excuse me , is this seat taken ?	I ’ m afraid this seat is taken .	Oh . is it . Thank you anyway .	You ’ re welcome . Why don ’ t you ask the conductor the conductor when he comes by ?
rep-0523	Do you really have to work today?	Yes . I'm afraid so .	But you you you'll miss out on the football game.
rep-0524	I have some great news ! I was able to switch to the night shift the night shift !
rep-0525	Hi , Helen ! how is it going ?	I'm very busy these days . It seems I can never finish my work .	Well , take it easy ! Don't let it get on top of you .	I'll try . I'm under a lot of pressure right now .	Why don't you take a few days off ?	I can't . I am really behind of my work my work my work my work my work .
rep-0526	What courses did you take in college?	I took a lot of courses, such as Philosophy, Logic, Ethics, Aesthetics, etc .	Which Which course did you like best?
rep-0527	Good evening, ma'am . Table for one?	Yes, please .	Will this table be all right?	Actually, I'd like a booth by the window if that's possible .	Certainly . How about this one?	This will be fine, thanks .	(Handing her a menu) Your waiter will be here in in in a minute to take your order.
rep-0528	How long will you stay in New York?	Just tor three days . I won't need these luggages.CouId I put them here?	I am sorry . If you have here more than 24 24 hours between connecting flights, we can't check your luggage through London.
rep-0529	Where's the toilet?	Over there there there there there.
rep-0530	Here is the fish counter . Look at the lobsters and crabs . Shall we have some ?	I'm allergic to these things , you know .	Sorry , I forgot . I don ’ t like seafood , neither .	Let ’ s go over there and get some milk , a couple dozen eggs and some orange juice .	Let's get frozen juice . It is really good . We ’ Ve got enough food . Let ’ s go over to the check-out stand .	OK . But just let me pick up a bottle a bottle a bottle a bottle a bottle of cooking wine and oil as we go by .
rep-0531	Good morning, sir . Sorry to disturb you . May I make up the room now?	Yes, please . We're on our way out, so we put the' make up' sign on . Could you bring bring us some towels and hangers?
rep-0532	You're from New York, aren't you?	Yes, that's right .	What do you suggest I should see in New York?	Well, how about the Museum of Modern Art?	No, I don't like museums . They're boring .	Why don't you go to see see see see see see the Empire State Building?
rep-0533	Hello, Sir . So, you are back?	Yes, hello again . I would like to know the exact difference between Dividend Deposit and Dividend Participated Deposit .	That's pretty easy to explain . With the Deposit, the interest is fixed, but the Dividend of each policy will be transferred automatically into your bank account by the end of each year . The longer the term, the higher the Dividend you earn . This is because it is calculated at the Compound Interest Rate .	And I can purchase that here?	Yes . And if you already have a Current Account with us, the Insurance Premium can can can be paid through it, which saves all of us a lot of hassle.
rep-0534	Hello , Parker . How ’ s everything ?	Can ’ t complain . And you ?	Business is booming . I understand you want to meet up with me next week . How ’ s your schedule your schedule your schedule looking ?
rep-0535	What is life ?	Don't ask such a question . You know it has no certain answer . Everyone knows it is in his heart his heart his heart his heart his heart .
rep-0536	I should tell you that I'm checking out in about 30 minutes .	I'm ready when you are, sir .	Very good! Now, it's still morning here in New York .	You You You You You are so right, sir . The clock just struck nine.
rep-0537	Sorry, stewardess . Where shall I put my bags?	You can place the smaller one in the overhead bin and and and put the bigger one under the seat in front of you.
rep-0538	Well, known, Jim, I'm...I'm pretty much in favour of your computers, I think computers teach kids to think, because they require logical thoughts .	But I...I don't agree with thatbecause computers weaken kids'ability to thinkbecause kids don't learn basic skills .	What do you you you you mean?
rep-0539	Do you have something to read ?	Yes , I do .	Could you lend me one ?	OK . Here you are .	Thanks . It's rather cold this morning , wouldn't you say ?	You're right .	Do you know the news the news the news the news the news the news ?
rep-0540	How much is the rent ?	The rent is $ 1500 per month .	And how much is the deposit ?	The deposit The deposit The deposit The deposit is $ 500 .
rep-0541	May I see your passport, please?	Certainly . Here it is .	You are here on business, I think?	That's right . A German company has invited me for business talks .	How long will you be staying?	Just two weeks .	How many pieces of baggage have you got?	Only one . In this case, I have a camera .	Do you intend to take it out on your departure?	Yes, I do .	According to the regulations, the camera you've brought along for personal use can be passed for the time being duty free, but you will have to take it it it out with you when you leave the country.
rep-0542	Have you adapted to the lifestyle in China?	Yeah, almost . But there is one thing .	What?	I still wonder what privacy meant for Chinese people . I don't mean to say that there's no privacy in China, but...	What is it?	Some of my Chinese colleagues just share their personal stories in front of others .	That makes you feel uncomfortable?	Yeah . we never do that in a public office .	Perhaps that's because we hold different ideas about privacy .	I have felt that . One day when i was in a queue, reading a newspaper story, the man behind me peered through my shoulder and stared at the newspaper I was holding .	Well, that's not rare . I've seen people reading at others' newspaper while taking a metro or or or or or a bus.
rep-0543	How did you find your apartment your apartment your apartment ?
rep-0544	You are an early bird, Tom . What do you do in the morning then?	Exercise . The morning hours are the most precious period within a single day . We should not pass them up easily . Seize the time and do something useful .	So, you choose to spend it on bodybuilding . Where do you exercise?	Usually, I run to the Black Bamboo Park as a warm-up . Admission is free . Then I start my activities .	Do you do the same exercises every every every every day?
rep-0545	Hey, Tom, did you enjoy your lunch?	Oh, don't mention it . It was terrible .	What' the matter?	The food station was as crowded as usual . I waited for 20 minutes for my sandwich, and when I finally got it the chicken was underdone .	I see . You simply can't blame the server for this .	Yes, I know . Fast food is so popular in this district .	That's true .	Anyway, how was your such, Catherine?	It was good . I brought lunch from home today .	You did? I thought you must feel right at home here as we get as many fast food restaurants as you do in America .	Well, I I I I I personally don't like them because I don't believe that they are healthy.
rep-0546	Has your company been affected much by government legislation ?	Yes , we have . We've had to clean up our production process a lot to meet tough government standards .	What about your use of raw materials ?	Well , we've had to cut down the amount of solvents we use and we ’ re not allowed to use lead in our products our products our products our products our products any more .
rep-0547	I prefer potatoes to eggplants .	I feel eggplants are more nutritious .	But as a matter of fact, potatoes taste better .	Oh, that's how you see it it it it it.
rep-0548	I should tell you that I'm checking out in about 30 minutes .	I'm ready when you are, sir .	Very good! Now, it's still morning here in New York .	You are so right, sir . The clock just struck nine .	I'm going to spend some time exploring the city . What can I do with my luggage?	Sir, right here we have a storage site . Its only $5 an hour, but you need to leave a deposit .	A deposit? Isn't my luggage a deposit?	I'm sorry, sir, but it isn't . Your MasterCard or VISA VISA VISA VISA VISA will take care of things nicely.
rep-0549	Whew! I had to wait for almost an hour to get to the front of the line .	You have much patience .	Wow! Your calligraphy is very beautiful . It was worth the wait!	Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank you . Today I'm writing a kind of poem called a Chinese couplet.
rep-0550	I only want a little off the top and the sides and back to have clean lines clean lines clean lines clean lines clean lines .
rep-0551	I prefer potatoes to eggplants .	I feel eggplants are more nutritious .	But as a matter a matter a matter a matter of fact , potatoes taste better .
rep-0552	Do you have something to read?	Yes, I do do do.
rep-0553	Hi , I made a reservation for a mid-size vehicle . The name is Jimmy Fox .	I ’ m sorry , we have no mid-size available at the moment .	I don ’ t understand , I made a reservation , do you have my reservation ?	Yes , we do , unfortunately we ran out of cars .	But the reservation keeps the car here . That ’ s why you have the reservation .	I know why we have reservations .	I don ’ t think you do.If you did , I ’ d have a car.See , you know how to take the reservation the reservation the reservation the reservation , you just don ’ t know how to hold the reservation and that ’ s really the most important part of the reservation , the holding . Anybody can just take them .
rep-0554	Hi , Monica , how is everything going ?	Everything goes well , but I am thinking about quitting my current job .	Why ? You ’ re not satisfied anymore ?	I just sense . But I cannot grow anymore . My boss is not really supporting me . I am interested in some positions in other JV companies other JV companies other JV companies other JV companies other JV companies other JV companies , but I need to do some more in-depth research before I send my application letters out .
rep-0555	Hey, could you help me try and figure out how to get ready for my job interview?	The most important thing to do is to make sure you know the company and what services or products it provides . Do you know all about them?	Yes, I pretty much understand the company .	Well, after you've done your research, you have to decide whether the company is casual or formal . Have you decided what they are yet?	Yes, I've 've've 've been observing them.
rep-0556	I'm sorry , our appointment has to be changed .	What a pity !	If you don't mind , may we put it off to the next day the next day the next day the next day the next day the next day ?
rep-0557	Hello, take a seat please . Let's get straight to the point . This is our contract . Please read it carefully before signing .	Since we have reached an agreement on all terms, there shouldn't be any problems for the contract .	May we once more remind you that the contract should be canceled by one month notice .	Yes, I I I got it . Thanks.
rep-0558	I want to see the man responsible for selling typewriters .	My name is Steven . I'm the Sales Manager of this company .	Well, look here . Ten new typewriters were delivered to my company yesterday afternoon and only five of them work properly .	Oh, I'm sorry about that .	Never mind mind mind mind being sorry, what are you going to do about it?
rep-0559	For the 100th anniversary of the opening of the library we are going to have a party .	That's a wonderful way to celebrate this grand old library !	I hoped you would be willing to brainstorm with me for party ideas .	That is right up my alley . You say party and I'm there .	Perfect . It will be open to the public and we anticipate roughly about five to seven hundred people .	Will it be an all day event an all day event ?
rep-0560	I often recalled the days when Tom and I were madly in love love love.
rep-0561	It is too bad today .	What happened ?	My som was lost . I told him to stand rooted to the spot the spot the spot the spot the spot the spot when I went shopping , but he ignored it .
rep-0562	Excuse me me me, waiter, I would like to have some wine before the main course.
rep-0563	Who's it knocking at the door?	I think it's the postman.Will you go and open the door?	All right . I I I I I'll get it.
rep-0564	Valerie ! Hi ! Wow how are you ? It ’ s been such a long time !	Darlene ! Indeed , it ’ s been a while ! How have you been ? Wow , you look amazing ! I love what you ’ Ve done with your hair !	Really ? Thanks ! I went to that hair salon that you told me about , but enough about me ! Look at you ! You haven ’ t aged a day since the last time I saw you ! What is your secret !	Ha ha , come on ! Well , I ’ Ve been watching what I eat , and working out three times a week . By the way , I heard your son recently graduated !	Yes , my little Paul is finally a doctor . They grow up so fast you know .	He is such a handsome guy such a handsome guy such a handsome guy such a handsome guy such a handsome guy such a handsome guy . He gets his looks from his mother of course !
rep-0565	Can you give me more details on what is included in the package ?	Sure . The coach leaves at 6:30 a . m . , in front of our office . The drive takes eight hours , with two stops two stops to see some sights .
rep-0566	Sorry . I didn't mean to be late . Can I come in?	What's your excuse this time?	Have I used the one that my sister is sick?	Yes, twice last week .	Are you sure? I thought I said it was my mother .	I don't think so . But it could've been .	Well . You can trust me this time . My sister is definitely sick . I'm just coming from the hospital . They say she might even die .	I don't buy your story . Try not to have any more sick relatives this week, all right?	I'll do my best .	Just try to be a little more punctual in the future future future.
rep-0567	Do you know Sally ?	Sally . She is a bachelor girl . She is an excellent designer . Many of the company's advertisements are her child trains .	Why is she still single ? She must have a face that would stop clock .	Oh , quite the other way round . She is a knock-out a knock-out a knock-out a knock-out . She devotes much of her time to her career .
rep-0568	Ms . Wang, this is Mr . Cooper, president of Ivy Publishing .	It's nice to meet you, Mr . Cooper .	Nice to meet you, Ms . Wang . You must be exhausted after your long trip from Canada .	Yes, it was quite a long flight . I'm glad to to to to to to finally be here.
rep-0569	Hello, Bessie .	Hello, Jack.Happy birthday!	My birthday? I forgot it, Thank you for remembering my birthday birthday birthday birthday birthday birthday.
rep-0570	Good morning, may I speak with Professor Clark, please?	You are speaking with Professor Clark .	Professor, I am Kalina from your morning literature class .	Yes, how can I help you?	I ran my car into a tree yesterday and need to miss a few days of school .	Oh, my God! I hope you are all right .	I have a concussion, but I will be OK .	How much school will you miss?	I only need to take this week off .	I I I appreciate you calling and telling me that you won ’ t be in class . See you next week!
rep-0571	The Phoenix team overpowered its counterpart 86 to 50 .	They're absolutely right to get a replacement for 21 .	If the Phoenix the Phoenix beats the Rocket , it will enter the final .
rep-0572	Hi , I'm George . I'll be your waiter this evening . Are you ready to order or do you need a few more minutes ?	I'm ready now . I'd like the roast chicken and a side order of corn .	And would you like an appetizer an appetizer an appetizer an appetizer before your meal ? The soup of the day is our delicious tomato soup .
rep-0573	Hello . This is Mrs . Wilson . I'd like to buy a new car . Could you offer me a new type of the car, please?	Oh, Madam, buy what?	A new car . And I've got a small family, two children, and I haven't got a lot of money and...	Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh, oh, Madam, Madam, I'm afraid you have the wrong number.
rep-0574	I have a cell phone in my car . Now it's probably on the floor on the passenger side.Why don't you get it for me, and then I can call the police?	Alright .	It doesn't work . It looks like it's broken . I need to get to a hospital . You should drive me there there there.
rep-0575	I have just received your note which informs me that you have offered the accountant position to another candidate . May I ask why I was defeated?	We have thought of you you you you you carefully with discretion, but the other candidate has more experiences.
rep-0576	Jeff, look at this listing! It says there is a cozy studio apartment for rent, and it's only $700 per month . What do you think?	Well I think I can afford that apartment . But are pets allowed?	Hmm...let me look . Yes, it says it's a pet-friendly building .	That's great . That means I can bring my cat, Mr . Twinkles . Where is the apartment located?	It says it's located in the suburbs suburbs suburbs.
rep-0577	what did you do last night?	I just stayed at home and watched TV .	did you watch the Barcelona versus Madrid game?	yes, it it it it it it was a very evenly matched game.
rep-0578	There's plenty left . Would you like another helping?	I'd like to have some more . It It It It's really good.
rep-0579	Where to, ma'am ma'am?
rep-0580	I hate computer games .	Why? They are fine .	Because they are too violent . Some of them are even disgusting .	Indeed there are bad games . But many many many of them are good.
rep-0581	It's said that John's broken up .	Really? But his wife has always waited on him hand and foot .	I hear that John's leading a double wife .	It's very bad of him to cheat on a lady like his wife wife wife wife wife wife.
rep-0582	What does your mother do , may I ask ?	My mother works in a company as an accountant an accountant an accountant an accountant an accountant .
rep-0583	Have Have Have Have Have you any round-neck sweater?
rep-0584	are you a blogger ?	sure I am . I've been writing a blog for almost three years .	oh , it seems that I'm the only one who never blogs . When did you get started ?	I began blogging when I first went to the US for my graduate strides .	what do you usually write about ?	at first , I'll write about my life there . Like interesting things on the campus , travel stories , special English words that I come across . Sometimes , I'll post my pictures on my blog so my family an	that's interesting . How often do you write a blog a blog ?
rep-0585	What's the matter with you, then? You look miserable .	It's us .	What do you mean by "us "?	Well, we used to talk to each other before we were married . Remember?	What do do you mean? We' re talking now, aren't we?
rep-0586	Hi, Dan . What's new?	Where have you been? I've been trying to get in touch with you for two days .	I went to Salt Lake City on business . What's up?	I got fired .	How come? Last time I saw you . You told me it was a good job, and you'd like to take it as a career . That was only one month ago . Why this sudden change?	It's a long story . In a word, I didn't do a good job of it . I messed up a business deal, a deal that would have made ten million dollars and I messed it up .	What are you going to do now?	I am trying to find a job asap . Lily doesn't know yet . I I I didn't tell her . I spent the past three days at the coffee shop next to your office, and she thought I went to work as usual.
rep-0587	Look , that bamboo groves are flourishing . Let's go and play there .	Wait ! Look at that board , what's on it ?	' Please don't enter the bamboo groves the bamboo groves the bamboo groves . ' We're not allowed to go in .
rep-0588	Yes , madam ? Can I help you ?	Oh , yes , please . But you are just closing , aren't you ?	Well , yes , we are , madam . The shop shuts down in five minutes .	I shall not keep you long then . It was about some saucepans you had in your window last week .	Last week , madam ? I really can't remember which ones you mean . What were they like ?	Oh , they were lovely . Sort of imitation wood , dark brown color , country-style you know , and the lids , if I remember rightly , they had a sort of leaf pattern , or was it flowers ?	That's strange . I don't recognize any of the ones we had from that description . Are you sure they were in this shop ?	Oh , you must know the ones I mean . They were on sale , a real bargain . Reduced to a quarter of the original price . I couldn't believe my eyes when I saw them .	I am afraid the sales are over now , madam . And you know we all sold out of the saucepans .	I don't think you did , you know . My neighbor told me she saw some here only yesterday .	Well , it's all new stock in the window now .	May I just have a look , to see if there is anything else ?	Eh , well , madam , as you know we are closing .	Yes , yes , I am sorry I won't keep you . It must get on your nerves when customers come in right at closing time . But they were such beautiful saucepans such beautiful saucepans . I ’ d have bought them if I had made up my mind on the spot .
rep-0589	My granny is such a kind-hearted person . She is willing to help .	She does have a heart heart heart heart of gold.
rep-0590	I ’ Ve had it! I ’ m done working for a company that is taking me nowhere!	So what are you gonna do? Just quit?	That ’ s exactly what I am going to do! I ’ Ve decided to create my own company! I ’ m going to write up a business plan, get some investors and start working for myself!	Have you ever written up a business plan before?	Well, no, it can ’ t be that hard! I mean, all you have to do is explain your business, how you are going to do things and that ’ s it, right?	You couldn ’ t be more wrong! A well written business plan will include an executive summary which highlights the idea of the business in two pages or less . Then you need to describe your company with information such as what type of legal structure it has, history, etc .	Well, that seems easy enough .	Wait, there ’ s more! Then you need to introduce and describe your goods or services . What they are and how they are different different different different different different from competitors ’? Then comes the hard part, a market analysis . You need to investigate and analyze hundreds of variables! You need to take into consideration socioeconomic factors from GDP per capita to how many children on average the population has! All this information is useful so that you can move on to your strategy and implementation stage, where you will describe in detail how you will actually execute your idea.
rep-0591	What are the factors that have great impact on the perspective of this corporation?	External factors . I think the main external factors are political, economic, social and technological factors .	What are the internal factors that influence the company?	The internal factors are composed of human human human human human human resources, team spirit, innovation spirit and coordination between different departments, etc.
rep-0592	I was just watching a documentary a documentary a documentary a documentary on TV about how people use dogs for various purpose . It was very interesting .
rep-0593	Do you consider yourself a good mother ?	Yes , I'm a very good mother and successful career woman successful career woman successful career woman successful career woman successful career woman .
rep-0594	Are you busy tomorrow morning ?	I'm free . What's up ?	Someone has to pick up the boss at the airport .	Oh , I just remembered I've got a report a report a report a report to write .
rep-0595	Do you consider yourself a good mother?	Yes, I'm a very good mother and successful career woman .	How can you manage to do both? I mean, it is so hard to be a working mother .	I think the most important thing is that you you you you you should be nice to yourself, like keeping housework simple, spending money on things that make life easier, buying yourself things you like, and so on . You can only be nice to others when you can be nice to yourself.
rep-0596	Why don't you sit down and relax , darling ?	I don't want to .	Well , come over and talk to me then .	Certainly not .	May I turn on the TV then ?	Turn on the TV for what ?	So that we can sit down together and listen to some music .	Listen to the music the music the music the music the music ? And who will cook dinner , will you ?
rep-0597	Why don't you watch where you're going ?	Me ? You're the one who pulled out in front of me !	There was plenty of room for me to pull out.You didn't have to stay in the lane the lane the lane you were in .
rep-0598	Did you watch the final last night ? My favorite singer won !	Oh , I love him too . He not only sings well but also shows perseverance when he encounters difficulties in the contest .	Yeah , he got booted after his initial performance in the audition , but he did not give up . He then tried at another two auditions .	He had barely survived the third audition and finally got a chance to advance in the contest the contest . Fortunately , in the third audition , he has won popularity among the audience . And that's when I started to notice him .
rep-0599	How do you arrange this summer vacation ?	I want to travel .	Where would you like to go ?	The seaside .	That's really a good idea . Taking a walk on the beach and lying in the sun the sun the sun the sun the sun the sun are pretty good . I recommend you Qingdao or Dalian .
rep-0600	Ann, do you have time next Monday?	Yeah, what ’ s up?	Next Monday is my birthday, and I would like you to attend my party .	Wow . I'd love to .	Great!	When and where?	Five o ’ clock that afternoon, and in my place, you know know know?
rep-0601	Where's the toilet the toilet the toilet the toilet the toilet the toilet ?
rep-0602	Today I want to invite you to talk about insurance you ’ re interested in .	Thank you . I wonder whether I can enjoy the life insurance and health insurance .	Of course . A two-week paid vacation a year, a five-day workweek .	Good . Anything else?	Yes, all the insurance will be linked with with with with with with your work . We will issue an insurance policy.
rep-0603	what did you do last night ?	I just stayed at home and watched TV .	did you watch the Barcelona versus Madrid game ?	yes , it was a very evenly matched game .	what were the results of the game ?	it ended in a tie .	what was the actual score ?	it was three all .	really ? I thought Barcelona was going to win . They are a much better team than Madrid .	if Barcelona had played as they normally do , they should have won .	what happened ?	their goalkeepers got injured after the first goal , but he kept on playing anyway .	that explains it .	how many more games are left this season ?	that was the last game before the playoffs .	when do the playoffs the playoffs the playoffs the playoffs start ?
rep-0604	we really were lucky . We got the last available table for two---and we didn't even have a reservation ! Did you see the long lines behind us ?	yeah , I'm glad that we didn't have to wait long . I'm starving !	let's take a look at the menu so we can order . Do you want to choose an appetizer for us to share ?	what would you rather have , samosas or poppadoms ?	I heard that one of their specialities is the samosa .	well , let's get a plate of those then .	sounds good . What are you going to have for your main course ?	I think I might have a dahl .	what's in a dahl ?	it's got chickpeas and vegetables in a spicy curry sauce with rice .	that sounds nice . Do you want to share some kebabs some kebabs some kebabs some kebabs some kebabs some kebabs as well ?
rep-0605	I find that you spend little on handset charge every month . Have you any trick ?	It's simple . You can use call transfer .	Is it so simple ?	Sure . You know , we spend most of our time at home or in the office every day , so I receive handset calls with the hand-free telephone , so I need pay little for receiving calls .	It's true .	Call transfer has many other advantages . When I am in places where network can't cover , such as the high building the high building the high building the high building the high building , I also use call transfer function , which transfers my calls to the hand-free telephone and I will not miss any call .
rep-0606	hi , Mary ! What do you like to do in your spare time ?	well , I spend a lot of time watching movies .	what a confidence ! I always watch a lot of movies , too .	oh really , Frank ? What kind of movies do you like ?	actually , I watch whichever movie there is , be it a comedy , a sci-fi or a suspense movie a suspense movie . How about you ?
rep-0607	Why don't you watch where you you you you you you're going?
rep-0608	Good morning . what can I do for you ?	I'm looking for some earrings for my wife as a wedding anniversary gift .	You've come to the right store the right store the right store the right store the right store . We've got a beautiful and wide selection of earrings for you to choose from .
rep-0609	Good afternoon . Can I help you ?	I need some remedies for an upset stomach .	Are you also suffering from pain and fever ?	Yes , and I also have the runs	I'll give you some tablets that should make you feel better . One moment , please . Here you are . Take these tablets three times a day swallow them with water .	When should I take them ?	Take on after each meal each meal each meal each meal .
rep-0610	I want to see the man responsible for selling typewriters .	My name is Steven . I'm the Sales Manager of this company .	Well, look here . Ten new typewriters were delivered to my company yesterday afternoon and only five of them work properly .	Oh, I'm sorry about that .	Never mind being sorry, what are you going to do about it?	Don't worry, we'll soon fix them .	Good, I hope you'll make sure that that that that that that it won't happen again.
rep-0611	Hi Hi Hi, could we have two orange juice smoothies?
rep-0612	What's up ? You sound a little down in dumps .	I quarreled with my roommate my roommate my roommate my roommate last night . He is really stubborn .
rep-0613	I am sorry to trouble you again, Mr.Stone .	It's ok . What do you want to ask?	Where should I go after I arrived at the university?	The first place you should go is the International International International Center.
rep-0614	Good evening , ma'am . Table . Table . Table . Table for one ?
rep-0615	I'm so glad I bought this watch !	Cool ! Flashy red lines !	I think this is the coolest watch I've ever owned .	Is it waterproof ?	Isn't that a silly question a silly question a silly question a silly question ? You know how much of an athlete I am .
rep-0616	I'm hungry .	So am I .	Where should we go eat today ?	How about we go eat in the cafeteria ?	I never bought food from the cafeteria .	You haven't ? They have a lot of good stuff .	What do they have ?	They sell everything .	Well , I want Chinese food Chinese food Chinese food Chinese food .
rep-0617	For the 100th anniversary of the opening of the library we are going to have a party .	That's a wonderful way to celebrate this grand old library!	I hoped you would be willing to brainstorm with me for party ideas .	That That That That That That is right up my alley . You say party and I'm there.
rep-0618	I'd like to speak speak speak speak Dr.Johnson.
rep-0619	Good evening . Welcome to Cherry's . Do you have a reservation?	No, we don't .	How How How How How How many of you, please?
rep-0620	Hey man , you wanna buy some weed ?	Some what ?	Weed ! You know ? Pot , Ganja , Mary Jane some chronic !	Oh , umm , no thanks .	I also have blow if you prefer to do a few lines a few lines a few lines a few lines a few lines .
rep-0621	Have you seen the new James Bond movie ?	Oh , yes . You ?	Yes . What did you think of it ?	I thought it was better than the others-I really liked it . What did you think of it ?	Yes , I liked it , too . It was exciting , but not over the top . Do you know what I mean ?	Mmm . That's what I thought too . I really liked the car chase the car chase the car chase the car chase the car chase , and the opening credit sequence was very exciting . And I always enjoy watching Pierce Brosnan .
rep-0622	Mum , can I finish my homework later ?	Sorry . You know the rules .	But I want to watch TV now .	That ’ s out of the question .	Please .	Not a chance .	Not even for an hour an hour ?
rep-0623	How smart of you to book the tickets before hand!	Oh, do you really think so?	Of Of Of Of course, otherwise you ’ ll just have to wait for hours.
rep-0624	Marketing Manager Manager Manager Manager Manager Manager ’ s Office . Can I help you?
rep-0625	Oh , hi , Jessica , are you going to see this movie too ?	I'd love to , the movies are smash hit .	Then let's go in .	I can't . I'm waiting for Paul , but he's late .	I'll say the movie's starting in the minute .	I know . I wonder what's keeping him .	Looks like he won't show up . He's done this before , hasn't he ?	Yeah , a number Yeah , a number Yeah , a number of times .
rep-0626	May I see your passport , please ?	Certainly . Here it is .	You are here on business , I think ?	That's right . A German company has invited me for business talks .	How long will you be staying ?	Just two weeks Just two weeks Just two weeks .
rep-0627	Excuse me , may I help you ?	Would you please fill some gas some gas for me ?
rep-0628	Honey, I ’ ll be right back!	Where are you going?	I told you already! I ’ m going to get my nails done .	Again? You just went last week! You spend more time at the nail salon than you do here at home! Honestly, why do you need a manicure every week?	Well, first of all all all, I like to pamper myself, and my nails look great . You should come with me!
rep-0629	Nani Book Store . How can I help you ?	Do you have the ' The man the ' The man the ' The man and the Sea ' by Ernest Hemingway ?
rep-0630	I wonder what he looks like . Oh, I can't wait to see him! His email said he'd be wearing a white hat . (looking around for him) oh, there is .	Hey, Isabelle...	Logan! Why on earth are you hiding here? White hat! Come on! Don't tell me you're the guy! It can't be true .	Yes, I am the guy .	What a bummer! You set me up?	Let me explain . I didn't mean to hurt you...	How dare you! (starts to walk off)	Hang on one one one second . Hear me out, just this once, Isabella!
rep-0631	Hello! How do I get more amenities?	I'm sorry sorry, sir . I'm not sure I understand.
rep-0632	Room service, is there anything I can do for you?	Yes, I am afraid there are not enough outlets .	Well, we have 6 for each room room room room.
rep-0633	Hello . This is Mrs . Wilson . I'd like to buy a new car . Could you offer me a new type of the car , please ?	Oh , Madam , buy what ?	A new car . And I've got a small family , two children two children two children two children two children two children , and I haven't got a lot of money and ...
rep-0634	Honey, the house is such a mess! I need you to help me tidy up a bit . My boss and her husband are coming over for dinner and the house needs to be spotless!	I ’ m in the middle of something right now . I ’ ll be there in a second .	This can ’ t wait! I need your help now!	Alright, alright . I ’ m coming .	Ok, here ’ s a list of chores we need to get done . I'll do the dishes and get all the groceries for tonight . You can sweep and mop the floors . Oh, and the furniture needs to be dusted .	You know what, I have to pick something up at the mall, so why don ’ t you clean the floors and I'll go to the supermarket supermarket supermarket and get all the groceries.
rep-0635	May I see your passport , please ?	Certainly . Here it is .	You are here on business , I think ?	That's right . A German company has invited me for business talks .	How long will you be staying ?	Just two weeks .	How many pieces of baggage have you got ?	Only one . In this case , I have a camera .	Do you intend to take it out on your departure ?	Yes , I do .	According to the regulations , the camera you've brought along for personal use personal use personal use personal use personal use can be passed for the time being duty free , but you will have to take it out with you when you leave the country .
rep-0636	Billy, you are late again .	I'm sorry I'm late . I overslept . Is the manager here today?	Yes he' s in his office .	Oh, I hope he didn't notice me .	Don't take any chances . It'd be best if you told him and promised not to be late again . He's already mad at you for last 2 times . Any more and he might fire you .	You said it . It won't happen again . Do you really think he'd fire me?	I think he might . You'd better go to his office .	You are probably right . I'll go right now and apologize . I I I I I try hard not to be late but it is difficult with Beijing traffic.
rep-0637	Don't I know you?	I'm not sure.You look familiar .	You're Mr.Stevenson, right right right right right?
rep-0638	I give up ! I simply can't learn French !	Why do you say that ? I think you're making a lot of progress .	No , I'm not . I try and try and I still can't speak it very well .	Learning any language takes a lot a lot a lot a lot a lot a lot of effort.But don't give up . Why don't we practise those dialogues together ?
rep-0639	I'd like you to do me a favor .	What is it?	Can you mail this at the post office for me? I have to go to the doctor for an an an an appointment and I don't have enough time to go to the post office.
rep-0640	Hi . I ’ m here to catch flight 513 to New York .	May I see your ticket please?	Here you are . Do you need to see my passport?	Any form of picture I . D . will do .	Mmmm...a photo I . D . I have my New Jersey driver ’ s license . Is that ok?	That will do . What an interesting picture! How old is it?	Actually it wad taken just last year, but I had a shaved head and a beard . Can you still recognize me?	Barely . Will you be checking any any any any any luggage today?
rep-0641	Hello , Parker . How ’ s everything ?	Can ’ t complain . And you And you ?
rep-0642	What do you think we need to do to get our new branch office running well ?	First , I'd make sure that we have a good , local , corporate lawyer . He or she will know all the local laws and regulations .	That ’ s very important . A friend recommended a good law firm to me . We ’ ll need someone to hire staff .	I think that we should send one of our HR people to do that . I don ’ t think we should use an agency , because they won ’ t be familiar with the type of people we employ . Have we decide on the location of	Yes . We have . We chose the location in the northeast of the city , not too far from the airport and on the edge of the CBD .	Why didn ’ t we choose an office in the CBD ?	The offices there were too expensive . Have we negotiated any contracts yet ?	Yes . We ’ Ve signed two contracts with companies that we already do work for in other countries . We hope to sign another three this month .	When will the branch office open ?	Hopefully next month . Everything is a little rushed . We should be able to set up our branch office and expand our business quickly .	Has and advertising campaign been prepared ?	Yes , it has . We ’ re going to target the business community through business magazines .	I made plenty of business contract on my last visit and through the embassy the embassy the embassy . We should be able to get plenty of customers .
rep-0643	Have you any round-neck sweater ?	Yes . Actually our range of sweaters is the most comprehensive available .	Can I try this one on ?	Sure , go ahead .	The color is too bright.For my age my age my age , I would prefer a lighter color .
rep-0644	Is there anything I can do for you?	Would you please show me that mural?	Certainly . Here you are .	It looks so beautiful . How much is it?	Four hundred yuan .	That's a bit more than I wanted to pay . Can you cut the price down a bit?	I'm sorry . Ours is a fixed price price price price price shop and I can assure you this is the best price you can get for a mural like this.
rep-0645	Here's the course description guide .	What do I do with it ?	Do you want me to help you ?	Please .	Look . Here are the core classes . Everyone has to take them .	So I don't have to worry about them .	You're catching on ! However , there are elective courses like wood shop , metal shop , home economics ...	I'll take home economics home economics .
rep-0646	Good morning . What's the matter with you ?	Good morning , doctor . I have a terrible headache .	All right , young man . Tell me how it got started .	Yesterday I had a runny nose a runny nose a runny nose . Now my nose is stuffed up . I have a sore throat . And I ’ m afraid I've got a temperature . I feel terrible .
rep-0647	how are you doing , Christopher ?	to be honest , I'm really fed up with work at the moment . I need a break !	are you doing anything this weekend ?	I have to work on Saturday all day ! I really hate my job !	are you available on Sunday ?	yes , that's my only day off until Thursday .	ok , well , my friends and I are planning on going to the beach on Sunday . We tend to leave around noon whenever we go anywhere , so you could still sleep in . Do you want to come with us ?	that'd be fantastic ! Which beach are you going to ?	it's a quiet beach just about an hour outside of the city .	what should I bring with me ?	we've got plenty of inflatables , but if you want to sit on a chair , you'll have to bring your own sunlounger .	I can just use my beach towel my beach towel my beach towel my beach towel my beach towel my beach towel . I love lazing around in the sun .
rep-0648	How can we develop a new brand image with no direction whatsoever?	With the fifty forwards he sent out today, maybe we'll inadvertently get inspired .	I guess this is a good excuse to surf the Net on someone else's dime .	Who'd have thought Bean would be be be this kind of e-mail fanatic?
rep-0649	Where do do you plan to go this winter?
rep-0650	Hey . Why did you take that money ? You are such a cheater ! I should send you to jail !	I am not cheating . When you pass go , you collect $ 200 , Everyone knows that !	Well you can ’ t just take the money . You have to ask the bank for money . And I ’ m the banker the banker the banker the banker the banker the banker .
rep-0651	I only want a little off the top and the sides and back to have clean lines .	Okay . Is your hair naturally curly or is it a perm?	It's natural . My friend told me you know how to work with curls .	That's my specialty . Let me put this around your neck .	Do you have any product that controls frizz?	With the cut I'll give you, we will minimize a lot of that .	Thank you!	And when we're done, I'll show show show show show show you some great stuff to take care of the rest.
rep-0652	Hey , look , there is a circus show over there .	I'm not in the mood .	It's the circus .	I don't want to sit there and watch them torturing the animals .	Oh , come on , they give them treat too.Oh , look , that little monkey is so cute .	Cute ? Hope so .	Oh , it is coming to us , come on , Ben , get a banana to it .	Me ? No way , keep him away from me , please .	Why are you acting so strange today ?	I've said that I've got a problem with the circus the circus the circus . I'm not kidding .
rep-0653	What are the factors that have great impact on the perspective of this corporation ?	External factors . I think the main external factors are political , economic , social and technological factors .	What are the internal factors that influence the company the company the company the company the company the company ?
rep-0654	Have you got any cheaper ones ?	Here are some.They ' re on special sale special sale special sale special sale special sale special sale these days .
rep-0655	I really need to start eating healthier .	I have to start eating better too .	What kind of food do you usually eat ?	I try my best to eat only fruits only fruits , vegetables , and chicken .
rep-0656	Here you are . You left the medicine here .	Sorry . I was too worried .	I firmly believe that you love your brother very much .	Absolutely . By the way, do you sell any traditional Chinese medicine medicine medicine?
rep-0657	Mr.Chen , do you mind if I smoke ?	I'm sorry , Mrs . Lin . We don't allow smoking in the office the office the office .
rep-0658	I'm sorry I'm so late . I had a really bad day .	It's ten after six.We' re late.But dinner is at six thirty .	I know . I know . I'm really sorry . I lost my bag .	I'll call the lost and found office .	I didn't think of it.Thank you.And you.And you.And you.And you.And I do apologize for being late.
rep-0659	I ’ Ve had it ! I ’ m done working for a company that is taking me nowhere !	So what are you gonna do ? Just quit ?	That ’ s exactly what I am going to do ! I ’ Ve decided to create my own company ! I ’ m going to write up a business plan , get some investors and start working for myself !	Have you ever written up a business plan before ?	Well , no , it can ’ t be that hard ! I mean , all you have to do is explain your business , how you are going to do things and that ’ s it , right ?	You couldn ’ t be more wrong ! A well written business plan will include an executive summary which highlights the idea of the business in two pages or less . Then you need to describe your company with information such as what type of legal structure legal structure legal structure it has , history , etc .
rep-0660	Has your company been affected much by government legislation?	Yes, we have . We've had to clean up our production process a lot to meet tough government standards .	What about your use of raw materials?	Well, we've had to cut down the amount of solvents we use and we ’ re not allowed to to to to to use lead in our products any more.
rep-0661	Hey , how was the show ?	Not great . It's a kind of boring .	Really ? I heard it was supposed to be great .	Yes , me Yes , me Yes , me Yes , me too . But I'm disappointed .
rep-0662	I went to the tutoring service centre on campus today . And I got a job .	Congratulation . What will you do?	They got me a part-time tutoring job, teaching an Australian businessman Chinese .	That's wonderful . I want to get a part-time job too . Tell me what I should do do do do do do.
rep-0663	Hey honey, how was your day?	It was alright . I ran into into into Bill and we got to talking for a while . He ’ s in a bit of a jam.
rep-0664	It's such a nice day such a nice day .
rep-0665	I ’ m glad you could find time to meet with me, Mr . Johnson . I can ’ t think of a nicer environment for our meeting today, the ambiance here is lovely!	No problem, if possible I always combine business with pleasure . Now, let ’ s hear more about these chocolates you ’ re offering .	Well, as you know, I have recently become the sole distributor for Grangers Gourmet Bon-bons here in the United States . They ’ re a new manufacturer and are are are looking to break into the luxury market . Naturally, your restaurant sprang into my mind immediately . I think your brand exemplifies many of the same traits as Grangers and serving these chocolates would really add to your reputation for providing elegant, luxurious, first class dining.
rep-0666	How many languages can you speak ?	I can speak French and German .	How well can you speak them ?	I can speak German quite well , but I can't speak French very well .	Can you help me to translate these sentences these sentences into German now ?
rep-0667	Hey , how was the show ?	Not great . It's a kind a kind of boring .
rep-0668	Sarah , what did you do today ?	I went shopping .	Did you buy anything ?	Yes , I bought a few things .	What did you buy ?	I bought this coat . Do you like it ?	Yeah , I like it a lot . It's very pretty . Where did you buy it ?	At the mall on 5th street .	Was it expensive ?	No , it wasn't expensive . It was on sale for 20 dollars .	That's cheap .	I know . It was a really good deal a really good deal a really good deal .
rep-0669	Whew! I had to wait for almost an hour to get to the front of the line .	You have much patience .	Wow! Your calligraphy is very beautiful . It was worth the wait!	Thank you . Today I'm writing a kind of poem called a Chinese couplet .	What does it say?	This is an especially famous one . It says "May the passing days bring you health and longevity . May this season of renewal find you basked in riches . "	That's very nice nice . Is it for sale?
rep-0670	It ’ s really terrible !	What are you talking about ?	Don ’ t you see many parents are forcing there children ’ s hands to learn something they think important to their children their children their children . But the children are not interested in it at all .
rep-0671	Listen, Karen, I need your help . I don't know anyone here yet .	I'm glad to help you . What's wrong?	My mother-in-law just went into the hospital in L.A.Hank and I will be flying there tonight .	I'm sorry to hear it . What's wrong with her?	Doctors aren't sure yet.But the real problem is Suzy . She has a bad cold, and we don't want to take her with us . But we don't know who can stay with her .	You need a babysitter .	Yes, I'd ask Jill, the girl I've had before, but I need someone overnight.Maybe even for two nights .	I could have Suzy stay at my place .	I don't want to do that to you, Karen .	Why not?	Your own kids would get Suzy's cold . I think it would be better to have a good babysitter here . But I don't know who to ask . I need someone more mature than Jill . It might even be for two or three days .	I know who we can ask . There is a girl I know, Sara Ralston.She is 17, and she will usually take this kind of job . I know her from my church, and I trust her completely .	I'd like to talk with her.This is short notice, I know . But Hank and I are leaving tonight .	I'll get you her number . I hope she can do it . She is very responsible .	I'm glad you know someone . I knew you would be the best person to ask about this . I don't want to insult Jill or her mother . I think Jill maybe could do it.But I'd rather have someone a little older .	I'll go home and get Sara's number . I'll call her first myself .	Great . Then call me me me me and let me know if she's free.
rep-0672	I need something to wash this down . Is there any juice in the fridge?	What is that? It looks like something from a swamp!	It's a green drink . It's supposed to be full of vitamins and minerals .	You know, healthy eating doesn't have to make you gag .	The sales lady said that even if I eat right, I wouldn't get enough vitamins .	Have you ever tried it? Or are you just going to believe the sales lady?	It's easier to drink this once a day day day day day day than eat fruit and vegetables all day.
rep-0673	Hello , take a seat please . Let's get straight to the point the point the point the point the point . This is our contract . Please read it carefully before signing .
rep-0674	Excuse me . Is this where I catch the bus for the zoo?	Well, you can take the No . 36 bus from here, but then you have to walk about 30 30 30 minutes.
rep-0675	It's said that John's broken up .	Really ? But his wife has always waited on him hand and foot .	I hear that John's leading a double wife .	It's very bad of him to cheat on a lady like his wife his wife his wife his wife his wife his wife .
rep-0676	We are going to have a picnic a picnic tomorrow at the picnic center .
rep-0677	Good morning . Vane Theater , at your service .	Hello . I'm thinking about watching a Chinese traditional opera with a foreign girl . What's on this weekend ?	Well , there will be charity performance charity performance charity performance charity performance on Saturday night . And also , there will be a solo concert by an opera star on Sunday night .
rep-0678	I have a cell phone in my car . Now it's probably on the floor on the passenger side.Why don't you get it for me, and then I can call call call call call call the police?
rep-0679	Yes, madam? Can I help you?	Oh, yes, please . But you are just closing, aren't you?	Well, yes, we are, madam . The shop shuts down in five minutes .	I shall not keep you long then . It was about some saucepans you had in your window last week .	Last week, madam? I really can't remember which ones you mean . What were they like?	Oh, they were lovely . Sort of imitation wood, dark brown color, country-style you know, and the lids, if I remember rightly, they had a sort of leaf pattern, or was it flowers?	That's strange . I don't recognize any of the ones we had from that description . Are you sure they were in this shop?	Oh, you must know the ones I mean . They were on sale, a real bargain . Reduced to a quarter of the original price price . I couldn't believe my eyes when I saw them.
rep-0680	Excuse me . I bought this shirt this shirt this shirt yesterday , but I would like to refund it .
rep-0681	Good evening Good evening . What'll you have ?
rep-0682	Henry married Rose only after her father's money her father's money , didn't he ?
rep-0683	How many pieces of luggage would you like to check in , sir ?	Three bags and a suitcase a suitcase a suitcase a suitcase . This is my luggage to check .
rep-0684	How far do we have to go?	About 50 miles .	The traffic is not very heavy on this high way, is it? So I ’ m sure we ’ ll make it .	No, but we ’ Ve got a hurry . It will be the rush hour soon .	Don ’ t worry . There ’ s plenty of time yet .	But it ’ s Friday Friday Friday today . This road is always jam packed during the weekend, isn ’ t it?
rep-0685	Good morning . May I help you ?	Yes , I'd like to check out now . My name's Adams , room 312 . Here's the key .	One moment , please , sir . ... Here's your bill . Would you like to check and see if the amount is correct ?	What's the 14 pounds the 14 pounds the 14 pounds the 14 pounds for ?
rep-0686	I only want a little off the top and the sides and back to have clean lines .	Okay . Is your hair naturally curly or is it a perm a perm ?
rep-0687	It is too bad today .	What happened?	My My My My My som was lost . I told him to stand rooted to the spot when I went shopping, but he ignored it.
rep-0688	Have you any round-neck sweater?	Yes . Actually our range of sweaters is the most comprehensive available .	Can I try this one on?	Sure, go ahead .	The The The The color is too bright.For my age, I would prefer a lighter color.
rep-0689	I'm looking for a string of pearls for my wife .	Yes, sir . What price range do you have in mind?	I'm not sure . I don't know very much about the price of pearls .	I see . Let me show you some samples of various qualities . This one is very nice . It's three hundred and fifty dollars .	Is there a price reduction?	We We We We We We are having a sale now . The price has already gone down.
rep-0690	What can I do for you ?	I'd like to buy some milk powder . What would you recommend ?	We have many kinds of different purpose . I wonder whom you are buying for ?	My son My son My son My son My son . He is two years old .
rep-0691	Good morning , sir . Sorry to disturb you . May I make up the room now ?	Yes , please . We're on our way out , so we put the ' make up ' sign on . Could you bring us some towels and hangers ?	No problem No problem , sir . Everything will be ready when you come back .
rep-0692	Good morning . Vane Theater, at your service .	Hello . I'm thinking about watching a Chinese traditional opera with a foreign girl . What's on this weekend?	Well, there will be charity performance on Saturday night . And also, there will be a solo concert by an opera star on Sunday night .	It's a good thing that I have choices here . Can you tell me about the one on Saturday?	Sure . It's to raise money money money money money money for the homeless.
rep-0693	What kind of permanent would you like to have?	what kinds kinds kinds kinds kinds kinds do you have?
rep-0694	Where to, ma'am?	The Grand Hotel Hotel Hotel Hotel Hotel Hotel.
rep-0695	Excuse me , is this seat taken ?	I ’ m afraid this seat is taken .	Oh . is it . Thank you anyway .	You ’ re welcome . Why don ’ t you ask the conductor the conductor the conductor when he comes by ?
rep-0696	The bartender just gave the last call . Let's order another round, okay?	Sure, but let's get a pitcher this time We should be able to down it before they close .	That sounds good . You order the beer while I go to the bathroom . Where is the can in this place?	It's all the way to the back . See that yellow door?	Yeah . I think I can find it .	You're back already . That sure was quick .	That's because I just took one step inside and turned right around . That bathroom is too gross for me .	Well, the bartender wouldn't give me the pitcher of beer . Anyway . He said it was too close to closing time .	Let's leave then . I could take some fresh air, anyway .	Okay, let's 's's 's go!
rep-0697	So , you ’ re applying for a B2 visa , where is your final destination and what ’ s the purpose of your trip to the United States ?	I ’ m going to visit my brother . he ’ s just had a baby . He lives in Minneapolis .	And how long do you you plan to remain in the United States ?	I ’ ll be here for approximately three weeks . See , here ’ s my return ticket for the twenty-sixth of March .	And , who is sponsoring your trip ?	My brother , here , this is an invitation letter from him . I will stay with him and his family his family his family his family his family in their home .
rep-0698	Good morning, sir . Sorry to disturb you . May I make up the room now?	Yes, please . We're on our way out, so we put the' make up' sign on . Could you bring us us us us us us some towels and hangers?
rep-0699	I want to see the man the man the man the man the man responsible for selling typewriters .
rep-0700	Hello ?	Hey Tina . What are you doing ?	I was just watching TV . What's going on with you ?	I just watched a movie and I'm scared .	What did you watch ?	I saw the Sixth Sense . I didn't know it was going to be so scary .	I remember that . It was a great movie . But it was definitely scary .	If you're not busy , do you want to come over ? I'm afraid to be alone .	Sure . I can come over . What should we do ?	How about if we watch a comedy . I need something to get my mind my mind my mind my mind my mind off the frightening images I have from the Sixth Sense .
rep-0701	Hello , Sir . So , you are back ?	Yes , hello again . I would like to know the exact difference between Dividend Deposit and Dividend Participated Deposit .	That's pretty easy to explain . With the Deposit , the interest is fixed , but the Dividend of each policy will be transferred automatically into your bank account by the end of each year . The longer the term , the higher the Dividend you earn . This is because it is calculated at the Compound Interest Rate .	And I can purchase that here ?	Yes . And if you already have a Current Account with us , the Insurance Premium the Insurance Premium the Insurance Premium the Insurance Premium the Insurance Premium can be paid through it , which saves all of us a lot of hassle .
rep-0702	Hello, Mrs.White! I'm Anne .	Nice to see you with us, Anne.Please make yourself at home home home home home home.
rep-0703	Can we have a table for three , please ?	Sorry , all the tables for three are reserved .	Do you have a table for four , please ?	Yes , smoking Yes , smoking Yes , smoking or non-smoking ?
rep-0704	Excuse me , sir.Is there a barber a barber near here ?
rep-0705	Hi, Helen! how is it going?	I'm very busy these days . It seems I can never finish my work .	Well, take it easy! Don't let it get on top of you .	I'll 'll try . I'm under a lot of pressure right now.
rep-0706	Are you going to vote ?	Of course ! Are you ?	I plan to , but what day is the election ?	You should know that .	Can you just tell me ?	The election The election is this Tuesday .
rep-0707	Can I have the window seat the window seat the window seat the window seat the window seat over there ?
rep-0708	I'd like to speak Dr.Johnson .	Sorry , but he's not in . May I take a message for you ?	This is Robert Jordan Robert Jordan Robert Jordan Robert Jordan Robert Jordan.Would you ask him to call me back , please ?
rep-0709	Rock music really leaves me cold . What about you you you you you?
rep-0710	Joe, how are you doing?	I am great! How about you, Mary? How are you?	I am doing great! Thank you for asking, Joe .	I was wondering if you want to go see a movie with me tonight?	I need to stay home tonight and finish my term paper .	OK . What about going to the movies on Friday night?	What were you planning on seeing?	I was thinking about seeing that one about the rapist serial killer .	How about “ The Secret Life of Bees ”?	That's a chick chick chick chick flick!
rep-0711	How you celebrate your Valentine ’ s Day with with your wife?
rep-0712	Good morning . Vane Theater , at your service .	Hello . I'm thinking about watching a Chinese traditional opera with a foreign girl . What's on this weekend ?	Well , there will be charity performance on Saturday night . And also , there will be a solo concert a solo concert a solo concert a solo concert by an opera star on Sunday night .
rep-0713	Can I help you , sir ?	Yes , I'd like a book about law .	Would you tell me the name of the book the book the book and the author ?
rep-0714	Excuse me . Do you mind if I I try this on?
rep-0715	Do you know that the dolphin the dolphin the dolphin is the most intelligent animal in the world ?
rep-0716	Good afternoon . I've brought the extra blanket you asked for .	Oh, thank you .	Is there anything I can do for you now?	Yes . I'm rather tired and want to go to bed early . Please Please Please Please make the bed.
rep-0717	Hey Kevin , what are you doing here ? Don't you usually spend Tuesday nights at home studying ?	I needed to get out of the house . My parents just went ballistic over something my older sister told them .	What did she tell them ? Is she dropping out of college ?	Nothing that serious . She finally told them that she moved out of the dormitory a few months ago and has been living with her boyfriend .	And your parents took it badly ?	That's putting it mildly . My father My father started shouting at my sister and my mother just glared at her .
rep-0718	Shall we share a taxi ?	Where are you heading now ?	I want to go back to my college on the Huanghe road.It is very close to your house .	Is that the university next to the Teachers ' College ?	That's the one .	You mean we'll share the taxi ?	Yeah.If we share the cab , it'll be cheaper.Besides that your Chinese is better than mine.The drivers The drivers usually have difficulty understanding me even though I practice my pronunciation carefully .
rep-0719	Good morning . what can I do for you?	I'm looking for some earrings for my wife as a wedding anniversary gift .	You've come to the right store . We've got a beautiful and wide selection of earrings for you to choose from .	I saw a pair of earrings outside your window . Can you show them to me?	Do you mean the exquisite pearl pearl pearl pearl pearl pearl earrings?
rep-0720	Hey Kevin, what are you doing here? Don't you usually spend Tuesday nights at home studying?	I needed to get out of the house . My parents just went ballistic over something my older sister told them .	What did she tell them? Is she dropping out of college?	Nothing that serious . She finally told them that she moved out of the dormitory a few months ago and has been living with her boyfriend .	And your parents took it badly?	That's putting it mildly . My father started shouting at my sister and my mother just glared at her .	Ouch, that sounds bad . What did your sister do?	She started arguing back to my dad that how much she loves her boyfriend, how they're in love and it's not hurting anybody, and so on . My dad said she's too young to do this, and that she should move out right away .	How long has your sister been with her boyfriend?	Three years . They've been dating since freshman year . They're even talking about marriage .	Really? Then I guess living together would be a good idea .	What do you mean?	Well, these days too many people people people people people are getting divorced . If they live together, then at least they're finding out if they're really compatible or not.
rep-0721	What can I do for you , miss ?	I am looking for a pair a pair a pair a pair a pair a pair of shoes .
rep-0722	We have another traditional holiday-the Dragon Boat Festival .	When is it?	It falls on the fifth day of the fifth lunar month .	Could you tell me the origin of the two festivals?	OK . The Dragon Boat Boat Boat Festival is a way to commemorate a great ancient poet named Quyuan . On that day, people will hold a boat race as a symbol of the attempt to save him who threw himself into the river.
rep-0723	Do you like watching the Winter Olympic Games?	Of course . It's the tradition game in winter, and with good reason . Don't you like watching it?	Of course I do . I love it . All the games are exciting and the competitors are respectable .	That's true . For various reasons, it takes more to hold a fierce game for Winter Olympics than it does for Summer Olympics . You know, the low temperature may cause many problems .	Yeah . What's the difference between the Winter Olympics and the Summer Olympics?	When the Olympic Games started in modern times, only summer events were included . When it grew popular, there came the Winter Olympic Games, which includes includes includes includes includes a variety of winter sports.
rep-0724	My friend Jean is very beautiful .	What's her figure?	Perfect, and I like her charming eyes too .	What's the color of of her eyes?
rep-0725	Say, what's your favorite sport?	Mmmm...it's hard to say . I like golf a lot-but I guess I like tennis better .	Do you play much tennis tennis tennis?
rep-0726	Professor , I've handed in my paper . Did you read it ?	Yes . You've done a good job . But there's one thing . You should narrow down your topic your topic .
rep-0727	I will take it . How much?	$60 .	I am sure you can do better than that .	Sorry, sir . It's the sale sale sale sale sale price.
rep-0728	Excuse me, is this seat taken?	I ’ m afraid this seat is taken .	Oh . is it . Thank Thank Thank Thank Thank you anyway.
rep-0729	Hi . What's your name?	My name is Jung Min . What's your name?	My name is Jessica . It's nice to meet you .	Yes . It's nice to meet you too . Are you a new student too?	No . I'm a sophomore . I take it you are a new student?	Yeah . It's pretty exciting to be here .	Have fun while it lasts . The excitement wears off real quick . Especially after you see how much homework you get . Where are you from?	I'm from Korea . My parents wanted me to go to an American university, so I came here .	I have never been to Korea . I've been to Japan before, but never Korea .	Why were you in Japan?	My father father father thought it would be a good experience to take a vacation to a different country . He's so into learning about different cultures.
rep-0730	that was a really good meal , Gordon .	It sure was . I couldn't eat another bite .	well , it is getting pretty late . I think we should go home .	you're right . I have to get up early to go to work tomorrow .	let's see how much the bill is .	don't worry about it . Tonight is my treat .	what are you talking about ? We'll split the bill .	no , I insist . I kept telling you that I would treat you to dinner but I still haven't .	no way , Gordon . I know that you are a little short on cash at the moment . There's no need no need no need for you to pay for the whole bill .
rep-0731	Could you change these for me, please?	What would you like?	Twenties and some smaller bills, please .	Anything else?	Yes . Could you tell many balance balance? Here's account number.
rep-0732	That way they look longer .	Now what are you doing?	Putting on mascara .	Nasty . You'd better not rub your eyes .	I won't .	And you'd better not cry or you'll have black streaks streaks streaks streaks running down your face.
rep-0733	Come in , come in , what can I do for you ?	Professor Donald , are you giving your advanced geology course again next semester ?	Yes , I am applying on it .	I wonder if I could enroll in it . I know it is a graduate course and I ' m a junior , but ...	Aren't you a bit young ? I have a lot of qualified seniors to take the course and they usually have a hard time keeping up .	I know , but geology of the American west is my major interest and I have done a large reading a large reading a large reading in the field .
rep-0734	What can I do for you?	I'd like to buy some milk powder . What would you recommend?	We have many kinds of different purpose . I wonder whom you are buying for?	My son . He is two years old .	I see, sir . This one is very good .	Is it?	You You You You may rest assured . It sells well.
rep-0735	What's the matter the matter the matter the matter the matter the matter with you , then ? You look miserable .
rep-0736	What can I do for you, young man?	I need to rent three pairs of skates for the morning .	What sizes do you need?	One pair of 37, and two pairs of 21 . One for me, and the other two for two kids .	Here you are . And here are three crash helmets .	Thanks . Well, those two kids are beginners . What should I do about their safety?	Well, there are a lot to do, but nothing to worry about . First, make sure they don't go far from the railings .	Oh, yeah, maybe maybe maybe maybe I should ask them just to walk along the railings.
rep-0737	What can I show you ?	Do you have this shirt this shirt this shirt this shirt in a small ?
rep-0738	What can I do for you ?	I'd like to buy some milk powder . What would you recommend ?	We have many kinds of different purpose . I wonder whom you are buying for ?	My son . He is two years old .	I see , sir . This one is very good .	Is it ?	You may rest assured . It sells well .	May I have a look at the introduction the introduction the introduction the introduction the introduction the introduction ?
rep-0739	I want a pair of sports shoes , Adidas .	What size do you want ?	I wear size 40 .	How about this one ? It's the latest design .	Oh , I like the color the color .
rep-0740	Hi , Jack , how have you been ?	Not very well .	Why ? Looks like you're feeling very down ! What happened ?	Nothing .	Come on . For a man who's feeling so , down , there're usually two reasons two reasons two reasons . Either his career is going downhill , or he has a broken heart . Since you're so successful , it must be the latter .
rep-0741	Helen, did you hear I ’ m having a party? Next Saturday in my place .	I may have something on that day, but thanks for inviting me .	Well, drop by if you can .	I will, do you want me to to to bring anything?
rep-0742	So what do you think of my new dress ?	I think it's great ! I really like the color , and it goes really well with your eyes . I've actually been eyeing that dress at Maxine's for a while now , but I wasn't sure I could afford ninety-five dollars for a dress at the moment .	Um , ninety-five dollars ?	Yes , that's the price they were advertising it at . I was hoping it might go on sale soon . Why , how much did you pay for it ?	I bought it for one hundred and forty-five dollars at Helen's Boutique . I didn't know I could get it cheaper somewhere else .	Of course ! Everything at Helen's is overpriced , and they sell things that you can find at almost every other clothing store ! Why didn't you shop around ?	I don't know , I just saw the dress the dress and thought about how pretty it looks and how much I wanted it . I guess I was too impulsive .
rep-0743	Wow, Amy, look at that number .	What's so great about it?	What do you mean? It's a scrim .	Not to me, I wouldn't be caught dead in that .	I love that kind of stuff .	Yeah, you seem to like those styles .	Sure do . I get a kick out of looking punk .	This one looks really expensive though .	I don't care how much it costs costs costs costs costs . I'm rolling in it.
rep-0744	It's getting late . I really have to go .	I hope we'll get together again soon .	I hope so . A good journey A good journey A good journey A good journey to you !
rep-0745	Lee, I'm going to get married next month .	Good news! And congratulations!	You are invited to to to my wedding.
rep-0746	What can I get for you today?	Could I get a hamburger, please?	Would you like cheese on that?	No, thank you .	Would you like a drink?	Let me have a soda .	What kind of soda would you like?	May I have a Sprite, please?	Sure, no problem .	I would also like a bag of chips .	Will that be all all all all?
rep-0747	Did you go to the concert last weekend ?	No , I didn't . And you ? Was it good ?	Yes . I did . I enjoyed it a lot.There was a folk singer , a violinist a violinist and a pianist .
rep-0748	It is too bad today .	What happened ?	My som was lost . I told him to stand rooted to the spot the spot the spot when I went shopping , but he ignored it .
rep-0749	Where are you going?	I'll accompany my wife to the hospital .	What's wrong with her .	She is is is is expecting.
rep-0750	I was surprised to see how few people you have on-site . You provide a wide range of goods and services but have a very small workforce .	It depends on the time of year . At peak times we hire in casual workers to help with packing and dispatch . We also contract out certain services all year round, for example, cleaning . We run run run run run a very tight operation!
rep-0751	Hello, Parker . How ’ s everything?	Can ’ t complain . And you?	Business is booming . I understand you want to meet up with me next next next week . How ’ s your schedule looking?
rep-0752	Here's the course description guide .	What do I do with it ?	Do you want me to help you ?	Please .	Look . Here are the core classes . Everyone has to take them .	So I don't have to worry about them .	You're catching on ! However , there are elective courses like wood shop , metal shop , home economics home economics home economics ...
rep-0753	What can I get for you today ?	Could I get a hamburger , please ?	Would you like cheese on that ?	No , thank you .	Would you like a drink ?	Let me have a soda .	What kind of soda would you like ?	May I have a Sprite , please ?	Sure , no problem Sure , no problem .
rep-0754	we really were lucky . We got the last available table for two---and we didn't even have a a a reservation! Did you see the long lines behind us?
rep-0755	Have you decided what you ’ re going to do during your holiday?	Yes . I ’ m going to travel around Europe .	Wow, that sounds great! Where are you going?	I think I will start off in Paris Paris Paris Paris Paris . Then I ’ m going to take the train to Nice and then go on to Milan.
rep-0756	The taxi drivers are on strike again .	What for ?	They want the government to reduce the price the price of the gasoline .
rep-0757	Hey , how was the show the show the show the show ?
rep-0758	Abby Park Hotel Abby Park Hotel Abby Park Hotel Abby Park Hotel . Can I help you ?
rep-0759	What do do do do you mean? If he was a good programmer, he should have been raking it in.
rep-0760	OK , everyone . Gather around . Here are the rules . No tackling . No pushing .	You shouldn't grab someone else's shirt . That's a foul .	Play is stopped when the person with the ball is touched .	You can touch them only between the shoulder and the knees .	The touchdown lines are there and there . OK , let's play !	Before we start , let's have a moment of silence for our fallen men our fallen men our fallen men our fallen men our fallen men .
rep-0761	So Janet, do you do any sports?	Well, I I go to the gym a lot . I am a member of a gym nearby.
rep-0762	I heard that you finished my home inspection, and I was wondering how it went .	First of all, we need to understand what I was looking for . Do you know what the purpose of an inspection is?	I am not sure what a home inspection is all about .	I went there to check for problems with the home, so you aren ’ t surprised when you move in .	Wouldn ’ t the owners have told me about any problems?	Sellers aren ’ t always truthful, and there might also be problems that they aren ’ t aware of .	Can I require the owners to fix the problems?	You can make the sale of the house contingent on them fixing the problems problems problems problems problems.
rep-0763	Good afternoon ! Can I help you ?	Could you show me where the Chinesc-style clothing is located ? I want to buy a silk coat .	This way , please . Here they are . They're all handmade .	Oh , they look nice . May I try that black one on ?	Of course . The fitting room is right over there .	Do you have a medium in the same color ? This one is a little tight .	l'm sorry . All the black of that size are sold out . Would you like a red one ?	OK . Let me try it on . What do you think ?	Oh , that suits you very well . Besides it is believed in China that the red color brings happiness and good luck good luck good luck good luck good luck good luck .
rep-0764	Hello , Ken .	Hello , George .	Have you just been to the cinema ?	Yes , I have .	What ’ s on ?	Paris in the Spring .	Oh , I ’ Ve already seen it . I saw it on television last year . It ’ s an old film , but it ’ s very good .	Paris is a beautiful city a beautiful city a beautiful city . I have never been there . Have you ever been there , Ken ?
rep-0765	Please tell me how to file things according to the concerned rules .	Well , all right . There are four points you should keep in mind when you file documents , information and other things .	What are they ?	They are keep the documents in chronological order , remove all the chips and pins , punch the documents evenly and place them in the folder the folder the folder the folder the folder .
rep-0766	Good afternoon . I've brought the extra blanket the extra blanket you asked for .
rep-0767	Can I have the window seat over there?	Sorry, sir . That table has been booked .	Well, in that case, this table is the only choice .	Actually you can have a a a a a window seat if you don't mind a ten-minute wait.
rep-0768	Is this a duty-free shop?	Yes, sir . What can I do for you?	I want to buy some specialties . Can you recommend me some?	Sure . I strongly advise you to buy a bottle of perfume and a lighter .	Fine . They look nice . I will take both of them .	May I have have have have have have a look at your passport, please?
rep-0769	You've heard of Bruce Jenner , haven't you ?	He won the decathlon in the 1976 Olympics , right ?	I read that he trained so much that he used to dream about jumping hurdles .	I can think of better things better things better things better things better things better things to dream about ...
rep-0770	What's wrong with Debbie today ? She seems upset about something .	I have no idea . Maybe she had a fight with her husband her husband .
rep-0771	How How How How How long have you been in England?
rep-0772	I'm 'm'm 'm'm 'm really mad at Bob.
rep-0773	Hey . Why did you take that money? You are such a cheater! I should send you to jail!	I am not cheating . When you pass go, you collect $200, Everyone knows that!	Well you can ’ t just take the money . You have to ask the bank for money . And I ’ m the banker .	Banker?	Yes...	Can I have my $200 please?	Sure . Here you are, $200, Thank you, please come again again again again again! Now it ’ s my turn to roll the dice.
rep-0774	hi, Mary! What do you like to do in your spare time?	well, I spend a lot of time watching movies .	what a confidence! I always watch a lot of movies, too .	oh really, Frank? What kind of movies do you like?	actually, I watch whichever movie there is, be it a comedy, a sci-fi or a suspense movie . How about you?	art films are my favorite, but thrillers are cool, too .	really impressive . These two genres are totally different .	sure . I enjoy both of them very much .	how often do do you go to the cinema?
rep-0775	Excuse me, sir.Is there a barber near here?	Yes, the nearest one is at the third cross of this road road road road road.
rep-0776	Hey honey , how was your day ?	It was alright . I ran into Bill and we got to talking for a while . He ’ s in a bit of a jam .	Why ? What happened ?	Well , his son had an accident and Bill doesn ’ t have health insurance . This really got me thinking , and I wondered if we shouldn ’ t look into a couple of different HMO ’ s .	Yeah , you ’ re right . We aren ’ t getting any younger and our kids are getting older .	Exactly ! I searched on the web and found a couple a couple of HMO ’ s with low co-pays and good coverage . The deductibles are low , too .
rep-0777	It's said that John's broken up .	Really ? But his wife his wife his wife his wife has always waited on him hand and foot .
rep-0778	Honey , what's wrong with you ?	I'm not feeling well . I'm very nervous .	Take it easy . We are going to have our own baby our own baby our own baby our own baby . You should be happy .
rep-0779	Can I get my dress today ?	You have ordered a red dress , is that right ?	Yes . Is that available now ?	Yes , here you are . Try it in front of the mirror the mirror the mirror .
rep-0780	Good morning . I ’ m from the New York book review . Could I ask you some questions about your latest book?	Sure . Take a seat...what would you like to know?	First, I ’ Ve heard that your latest book is based on a true story .	That ’ s correct . It ’ s a murder mystery based on actual murders that book place in Florida several years ago . The main character-the police invesigator-is based on the man who investigated the case .	How do you research your books?	I always visit the places that I use as setting for stories . Readers like things to be as factually correct as possible-even in fiction! I usually base my characters on people I have met . Most character are a mixture of the characters of two or more people people people.
rep-0781	The stepmother was very wicked . She couldn't stand a happy smile on the boy's 's face.
rep-0782	Lee , I'm going to get married next month .	Good news ! And congratulations !	You are invited to my wedding my wedding my wedding my wedding .
rep-0783	What would you like for Christmas?	I would like to have that new style Gl Joe .	Have you asked Santa?	Yes and I've written written written written written written him a letter.
rep-0784	I should tell you that I'm checking out in about 30 minutes .	I'm ready when you are , sir .	Very good ! Now , it's still morning here in New York .	You are so right , sir . The clock just struck nine .	I'm going to spend some time exploring the city the city the city the city the city . What can I do with my luggage ?
rep-0785	Susan is going to get a divorce .	How do you know that?	She told me that Peter and she has a quarrel last nigh, and she left this morning, bag and baggage .	Oh, I see . But I think think think think you are making a fuss . They will make it up . Bet it.
rep-0786	Excuse me . How How How How How long has it been since the business was founded?
rep-0787	Yes, madam? Can I help you?	Oh, yes, please . But you are just closing, aren't you?	Well, yes, we are, madam . The shop shuts down in five minutes .	I shall not keep you long then . It was about some saucepans you had in your window last week .	Last week, madam? I really can't remember which ones you mean . What were they like?	Oh, they were lovely . Sort of imitation wood, dark brown color, country-style you know, and the lids, if I remember rightly, they had a sort of leaf pattern, or was it flowers?	That's strange . I don't recognize any of the ones we had from that description . Are you sure they were in this shop?	Oh, you must know the ones I mean . They were on sale, a real bargain . Reduced to a quarter of the original price . I couldn't believe my eyes when I saw them .	I am afraid the sales are over now, madam . And you know we all sold out of the saucepans .	I don't think you did, you know . My neighbor told me she saw some here only yesterday .	Well, it's all new stock in the window now .	May I just have a look, to see if there is anything else?	Eh, well, madam, as you know we are closing .	Yes, yes, I am sorry I won't keep you . It must get on your nerves when customers come in right at closing time . But they were such beautiful saucepans . I ’ d have bought them if I had made up my mind on the spot .	Perhaps madam, if you come back tomorrow, I could show you the whole range of kitchen ware . And there are still one or two things at the sale price .	Oh, look! That was the one there . That is the the the the the sort of thing I was looking for . But it's not quite the color.
rep-0788	I only want a little off the top and the sides and back to have clean lines .	Okay . Is your hair naturally curly or is it a perm?	It's natural . My friend told me you know how to work with curls .	That's my specialty . Let me put this around your neck neck neck neck neck neck.
rep-0789	Boy , it looks like everyone in your family is here , from young to old .	Easter's a good day for reunions . The family goes to church together .	And after church they come here for lunch ?	Yup , a big potluck buffet Yup , a big potluck buffet Yup , a big potluck buffet Yup , a big potluck buffet Yup , a big potluck buffet Yup , a big potluck buffet . And then-notice there are no children around ?
rep-0790	Can we have a table for three, please?	Sorry, all the tables for three are reserved .	Do you have a table for four, please please please please?
rep-0791	Excuse me, can you tell me the name of the book you read?	Harry Potter .	Harry Potter? Is that book funny?	Actually, the language itself is not so funny, but you can imagine the scene, that's funny .	Got it .	Have you ever read this book book book book before?
rep-0792	Good afternoon Good afternoon Good afternoon Good afternoon Good afternoon . what can I do for you ?
rep-0793	I was just watching a documentary on TV about how people use dogs for various various various various purpose . It was very interesting.
rep-0794	Food is less expensive in a cafeteria, because you serve yourself .	How to do it?	Just pick up a tray, then put a knife, a fork, a spoon and and and a paper napkin on it and stand in the line.
rep-0795	Hi, Mary . I haven't seen you in ages! I heard that you and Daniel are getting married on August 8th, the opening day of the 2008 Olympic Games . Is it true?	Yes, it is . We've been dating for over 7 years . We have decided to get married on a special day and we think August 8th, 2008 is a red-letter day .	Good for you! It sounds like you've done a lot of planning in a very short time .	Yes, there is a lot of to be taken care of---wedding photos, wedding dress, catering, transport, hotel, etc...	Is everything ready now?	Almost . The only thing that isn't ready is the hotel . As a lot of people have chosen that day to get married, it is hard to find find find find find a hotel that isn't too expensive.
rep-0796	This position demands a higher writing ability , so please say something about your writing ability .	Of course . I've loved writing since I was a very little boy . I won the first prize in a national composition contest when I was in middle school . After attending Nanjing University , I never give up writing . My works , such as Father's Tobacco Pipe , Open Air Cinema , The old City were respectively published China Youth Daily , Yangzi Evening News Yangzi Evening News Yangzi Evening News Yangzi Evening News Yangzi Evening News , and New Beijing . During the period of studying for my degrees of master and doctor , I paid more attention to developing my research ability and published several papers . The Impact of Internet in Chinese Political Participation , The Discipline of Remold , The Historical Direction of Chinese Administration Reform , Bribery Cases of Self governance in Chinese Villages are respectively published in Chinese Publish Administration , Beijing Due Xuebao , Theory and Society and Chinese Reform . I joined in Yangzi Evening News to work as a part-time journalist in 2006 . During this period , I've written a lot of comments , which improved my writing ability to a new level , I have full confidence in my writing ability , and I believe I can do the job well .
rep-0797	how are you ?	I ’ m fine , thanks . Just trying to get adjusted . It ’ s hard to keep track of everything around here .	That ’ s That ’ s That ’ s That ’ s That ’ s That ’ s for sure . You ’ re new , too , huh ?
rep-0798	I wish the politicians would quit digging up dirt about each other's past .	I know . It really makes a mess of the whole election process .	And it takes up all the news .	The problem is that there always a large number of people who eat that kind of stuff up .	It It It's so small . The fact that there is public interest, doesn't say much for us as the public.
rep-0799	It ’ s so great to be here! I ’ m so excited to help you and my daughter with your new home!	We ’ re glad that you ’ re here . Would you like a tour of the house?	That ’ d be great, but could I have a cup of tea first?	Sure, I ’ ll just go put the kettle on . Why don ’ t you have a seat on the sofa and I ’ ll go take care of things in the kitchen .	That would be lovely, thanks .	Do you take milk or sugar with your tea?	I ’ ll take a little milk, but no sugar, please . Make sure you let the tea steep a few minutes before you take the tea bag out of the cup .	Ok . What do you think about our living room?	Well, I do like the mantelpiece and the coffee table, but I don ’ t really care for curtains . Did you get them at a a a yard sale? They look ancient.
rep-0800	Hello, Ken .	Hello, George .	Have you just been to the cinema?	Yes, I have .	What ’ s on?	Paris in the Spring .	Oh, I ’ Ve already seen it . I saw it on television last year . It ’ s an old film, but it ’ s very good .	Paris is a beautiful city . I have have have have have have never been there . Have you ever been there, Ken?
rep-0801	Excuse me, I ordered the well-done steak, but this one is so tough .	Well, sir, I think I have made a mistake . I will take it back to the kitchen right now .	I think you should be more careful next time .	Yes, sir . I'm 'm'm 'm'm 'm really so sorry about that.
rep-0802	So how did I do on my driving test ?	Do you want the truth the truth the truth the truth the truth the truth ?
rep-0803	Do you like watching the Winter Olympic Games?	Of course . It's the tradition game in winter, and with good reason . Don't you like watching it?	Of course I do . I love it . All the games are exciting and the competitors are respectable .	That's true . For various reasons, it takes more to hold a fierce game for Winter Olympics than it does for Summer Olympics . You know, the low temperature may cause many problems .	Yeah . What's the difference between the Winter Olympics and the Summer Olympics?	When the Olympic Games started in modern times, only summer events were included . When it grew popular, there came the the the the the the Winter Olympic Games, which includes a variety of winter sports.
rep-0804	Could you please tell me how I can go job-hunting in the web ?	Generally speaking , job seekers job seekers job seekers job seekers can enter the websites either of job agencies or of some units for job advertisements .
rep-0805	What's wrong with Debbie today ? She seems upset about something .	I have no idea no idea no idea . Maybe she had a fight with her husband .
rep-0806	Excuse me . How long has it been since the business the business the business the business was founded ?
rep-0807	What's wrong with you , young man ?	Doctor , I have a bad cough and a headache .	Do you have a fever ?	I don't know , but I feel terrible .	Let me examine you . Don't worry . It's nothing serious .	Do you think I should lie in bed ?	Yes , stay in bed and drink a lot a lot a lot a lot of water . Your fever will be gone in a day or two .
rep-0808	Henry married Rose only after her father's money, didn't he?	Yeah . But But But he soon feel regretted for it.
rep-0809	His grandfather is the richest person in the area .	What a miser What a miser What a miser What a miser What a miser ! He cycles to school every day .
rep-0810	What courses What courses did you take in college ?
rep-0811	I do want to meet with with you and take a look at your catalogue . We ’ re redecorating and are going to add some things.
rep-0812	Hello.this is Susan .	Hello , I ’ m Mark . I ’ m just wondering if you are free this weekend	Yes , I think So .	Good . I was thinking that I ’ d like to invite you to watch a movie a movie . I can meet you at the cinema gate .
rep-0813	I'd like to order breakfast , please .	What'd you like , madam ?	Two muffins Two muffins and a cup of coffee.Will it take long ?
rep-0814	How can we develop a new brand image with no direction no direction no direction no direction no direction no direction whatsoever ?
rep-0815	May I take take take take take take your order?
rep-0816	Excuse me , can you tell me the name of the book you read ?	Harry Potter .	Harry Potter ? Is that book funny ?	Actually , the language itself is not so funny , but you can imagine the scene , that's funny .	Got it .	Have you ever read this book before ?	No , but my little brother likes it very much .	It's really a good book . You will like it too .	I'll try to read it . Actually , I like literature very much .	Wow , that sounds like a scholar a scholar a scholar . By the way , who's your favorite writer ?
rep-0817	I'm hungry .	So am I .	Where should we go eat today?	How about we go eat in the cafeteria?	I never bought food from the cafeteria .	You haven't? They have a a a lot of good stuff.
rep-0818	I often recalled the days when Tom and I were madly in love .	Very romantic?	Yeah . He always tickled my finny bone with his college stories .	You married him for that reason?	Definitely not . The most important thing was we loved each other other.
rep-0819	Jack wonders whether Linda likes him or not .	Why doesn't he ask her ?	He is too scared to ask her .	He's a chicken guy a chicken guy .
rep-0820	I ’ m glad you could find time to meet with me , Mr . Johnson . I can ’ t think of a nicer environment for our meeting today , the ambiance here is lovely !	No problem , if possible I always combine business with pleasure . Now , let ’ s hear more about these chocolates you ’ re offering .	Well , as you know , I have recently become the sole distributor for Grangers Gourmet Bon-bons here in the United States . They ’ re a new manufacturer and are looking to break into the luxury market . Naturally , your restaurant sprang into my mind immediately . I think your brand exemplifies many of the same traits as Grangers and serving these chocolates would really add to your reputation for providing elegant , luxurious , first class dining .	Mmmm , sounds interesting ... gourmet chocolates , where are they produced ? Belgium ?	Actually , the factory is located in Scotland .	Really ? I didn ’ t think they were known for their luxury chocolate production	That ’ s what makes this such a fantastic opportunity ! The government is one hundred percent supportive of creating new export markets and has guaranteed a low tariff for all wholesale orders of over one thousand units . They ’ Ve also reduced the red tape the red tape involved at customs as well . Here , I brought these especially for you , try one !
rep-0821	Boy, it looks like everyone in your family is here, from young to old .	Easter's a good day for reunions . The family goes to church together .	And after church they come here for lunch?	Yup, a big potluck buffet . And then-notice there are no children around?	Yeah, what's up with that?	The kids wait in the house while the grownups hide these . Hide away, Yi-jun Yi-jun Yi-jun Yi-jun!
rep-0822	How much will my pay be , if you don ’ t mind my asking ?	We would like to start you off at 1,500 yuan a month , not including bonus and overtime pay . We don ’ t give bonus every month , but we offer a semi-annual bonus . And you will receive two weeks two weeks two weeks two weeks two weeks paid vacation a year , as well . Does it suit you ?
rep-0823	Hi , Mary . I haven't seen you in ages ! I heard that you and Daniel are getting married on August 8th August 8th , the opening day of the 2008 Olympic Games . Is it true ?
rep-0824	Have you any round-neck sweater ?	Yes . Actually our range of sweaters is the most comprehensive available .	Can I try this one on ?	Sure , go ahead .	The color is too bright.For my age my age my age my age my age my age , I would prefer a lighter color .
rep-0825	What's wrong with Debbie Debbie Debbie Debbie Debbie Debbie today? She seems upset about something.
rep-0826	hi , Mary ! What do you like to do in your spare time ?	well , I spend a lot of time watching movies .	what a confidence ! I always watch a lot of movies , too .	oh really , Frank ? What kind of movies do you like ?	actually , I watch whichever movie there is , be it a comedy , a sci-fi or a suspense movie . How about you ?	art films are my favorite , but thrillers are cool , too .	really impressive . These two genres are totally different .	sure . I enjoy both of them very much .	how often do you go to the cinema ?	once in a while , I suppose , I usually rent movies at Movie Salon .	movie salon ? where is that ?	it's a movie rental store in my neighborhood my neighborhood my neighborhood my neighborhood my neighborhood . I've got a membership there .
rep-0827	Hey man, you wannabuy some weed?	Some what?	Weed! You know? Pot, Ganja, Mary Jane some chronic!	Oh, umm, no thanks .	I also have blow if you prefer to do a few lines .	No, I am ok, really .	Come on man! I even got dope and acid! Try some!	Do you really have all of these drugs drugs drugs drugs drugs? Where do you get them from?
rep-0828	That's all the general information of our company . I think you already have good knowledge about our company .	Yes , I have an overall understanding .	When we have the final results , we will call you .	Then when will I get a reply at the latest ?	If you pass the interview , the personnel department will inform you within two weeks .	But if I don't pass , will you call me ?	I'm sorry we won't . You can wait for two weeks . If you don't get a telephone call , it means that you weren't successful .	Then do I have the chance to get this job ?	I'm sorry but I can't make the final decision myself , and I have to discuss it with other interviewers .	I know . No matter what the result will be , I have learned a lot from our conversation our conversation our conversation .
rep-0829	Mum, can I finish my homework later?	Sorry . You know the rules rules rules.
rep-0830	Hi! I'm happy you could make it .	Well, I've been looking forward to seeing you .	What can I get you you you?
rep-0831	What did you do do do today?
rep-0832	Ms . Wang , this is Mr . Cooper Mr . Cooper Mr . Cooper Mr . Cooper , president of Ivy Publishing .
rep-0833	I am sorry to trouble you again , Mr.Stone .	It's ok . What do you want to ask ?	Where should I go after I arrived at the university ?	The first place you should go is the International Center .	Why ?	You can get help there in dealing with the United States Immigration and Naturalization Service ; you can find Foreign Student Advisers Foreign Student Advisers Foreign Student Advisers Foreign Student Advisers Foreign Student Advisers Foreign Student Advisers .
rep-0834	I'm sorry, our appointment appointment appointment appointment has to be changed.
rep-0835	Professor, I've handed in my paper . Did you read it?	Yes . You've done a good job . But there's one thing . You should narrow down your topic .	What What What about water pollution instead of pollution?
rep-0836	Can I help you?	Yes, I would like to buy a Walkman . Can you tell me about the models you have?	Well, we have a lot of models here.Did you want to listen to CD's or cassettes or the radio?	Mostly cassette tapes .	Alright . There are several models you may want to look at.This Kreng portable cassette player is very good .	Kreng? I've never heard of that company .	It's a German company.This unit has auto-reverse, recording capability, and an AM / FM radio band.It also has a built-in microphone .	I suppose I don't want that one then . I don't like auto-reverse . It breaks too easily .	Really? Have you had an auto-reverse break before?	Yes, twice now . I think it's too high-tech, and so it's the first part that breaks .	Hmm . You know, the problem might be dust . Did you clean the unit often?	Well . No, I didn't clean it.But still, I only had the last one two months, and it broke . I don't trust auto-reverse .	Alright . Well . We have many units without auto-reverse.Here is a good unit . Very reliable.It has an AM / FM band, built-in microphone, recording capability, and no auto-reverse .	How much is it?	This one sells for $39.99 .	Can I test it out?	Of course .	It sounds great great great great great . I'll take it.
rep-0837	Ella, it's 's's 's's 's been such a long week . I'm ready to go out and party . Hey, let's go out for a night on the town.
rep-0838	Hi , Dan . What's new ?	Where have you been ? I've been trying to get in touch with you for two days .	I went to Salt Lake City on business . What's up ?	I got fired .	How come ? Last time I saw you . You told me it was a good job , and you'd like to take it as a career . That was only one month ago . Why this sudden change ?	It's a long story . In a word , I didn't do a good job of it . I messed up a business deal , a deal that would have made ten million dollars and I messed it up .	What are you going to do now ?	I am trying to find a job asap . Lily doesn't know yet . I didn't tell her . I spent the past three days at the coffee shop next to your office your office your office your office , and she thought I went to work as usual .
rep-0839	This is just for you . Cheers! Bottoms up .	En...it tastes good . I appreciate what you have done done done done for me.
rep-0840	I have a cell phone in my car . Now it's probably on the floor on the passenger side.Why don't you get it for me , and then I can call the police ?	Alright .	It doesn't work . It looks like it's broken . I need to get to a hospital . You should drive me there .	Oh , yeah ? It's better if we make a police report first . Then you can go to the hospital the hospital .
rep-0841	Hey Rachael , what's up ? How is your day ?	Not bad.We have had a big meeting today , remember ?	Oh , yea . I forgot.So how did it go ?	Pretty well . I think the boss liked my ideas my ideas my ideas .
rep-0842	How old is Keith ?	He's 21 . How old is James ?	He's a year older than Keith , but he looks younger .	How's your father your father your father ?
rep-0843	So what do you think of my new dress?	I think it's great! I really like the color, and it goes really well with your eyes . I've actually been eyeing that that that that that dress at Maxine's for a while now, but I wasn't sure I could afford ninety-five dollars for a dress at the moment.
rep-0844	They got a divorce at last .	It's inevitable . Their love wasbuilt on the sand , and this is why their marriage has landed on the rocks .	You said it . Love but on the sand will soon be on the rocks .	That give us a good lesson a good lesson a good lesson a good lesson a good lesson .
rep-0845	How is your new dormitory ?	It's very nice . There are only four people , and those girls are very kind and friendly .	Well , do you all major in the same subject the same subject the same subject the same subject the same subject the same subject ?
rep-0846	John , I ’ d like you to meet Charles Brown Charles Brown Charles Brown Charles Brown Charles Brown Charles Brown , our new manager at the airport .
rep-0847	hi, Mary! What do you like to do in your spare time?	well, I spend a lot of time watching movies .	what a confidence! I always watch a lot of movies, too .	oh really, Frank? What kind of movies do you like?	actually, I watch whichever movie there is, be it a comedy, a sci-fi or a suspense movie . How about you?	art films are my favorite, but thrillers are cool, too .	really impressive . These two genres are totally different .	sure . I enjoy both of them very much .	how often do you go to the cinema?	once in a while, I suppose, I usually rent movies at Movie Salon .	movie salon? where is that?	it it it it it it's a movie rental store in my neighborhood . I've got a membership there.
rep-0848	You would be using mainly English in this job . Do you think you could manage ?	Yes , I am sure I can .	Do you think you are proficient in both written and spoken English ?	Yes , I think I am quite proficient in both written and spoken English .	Do you think you can make yourself understood in English with ease ?	Yes , I think I can in ordinary circumstances .	Do you think you can speak English quite fluently ? Tell me about your English education your English education your English education .
rep-0849	You guys are charging me $10 for a movie that I never ordered or saw .	Let's see, sir . According to your file, you watched' Titanic' Monday evening .	Well, the wrong information is in my file . I was at a concert Monday night .	Well, your word overrules the file, sir . One moment, please .	I knew you'd see it my way .	Sir, I deleted the $10, but I had to add a $2 service charge to your bill .	Am I in the Twilight Zone? You're charging me for a movie I never saw?	Please don't n'tn't n'tn't n't blame me, sir . Blame the computer programmer.
rep-0850	Good afternoon , sir . Have you made a reservation ?	I am afraid not . Are there any vacant tables any vacant tables any vacant tables any vacant tables any vacant tables any vacant tables ?
rep-0851	Diane Grant ? I haven't seen you for ages !	Brian ! How have you been ?	Pretty good . Say , you've really changed !	Oh , well , I've lost some weight some weight some weight some weight some weight some weight . And my hair is longer than before .
rep-0852	Should we ask Jason to play? He's always watching movies on HBO .	I guess we should invite him . I just hope he doesn't start talking about Sylvester Stallone and Arnold Schwarzenegger again .	Oh, come on! The game is better with three people . Anyway, if we don't ask ask ask ask ask ask him to play, he'll be mad.
rep-0853	How far do we have to go ?	About 50 miles .	The traffic is not very heavy on this high way this high way this high way this high way , is it ? So I ’ m sure we ’ ll make it .
rep-0854	Hi Jim . Do you have a minute ?	Sure , what ’ s up ?	Some of us are going to start a soccer team . Would you like to join us ?	I don ’ t know anything about it . Soccer isn ’ t as popular in my country as it is here .	That ’ s That ’ s That ’ s all right . We ’ ll teach you .
rep-0855	Excuse me , Sir , do you know what time it is ?	Oh , it ’ s almost eleven twenty .	Thank you .	You ’ re welcome . The rain is quite heavy , isn ’ t it ?	Yeah . I was in a hurry and I forgot my umbrella my umbrella today .
rep-0856	I ’ m glad you could find time to meet with me, Mr . Johnson . I can ’ t think of a nicer environment for our meeting today, the ambiance here is lovely!	No problem, if possible I always combine business with pleasure . Now, let ’ s hear more about these chocolates you ’ re offering .	Well, as you know, I have recently become the sole distributor for Grangers Gourmet Bon-bons here in the United States . They ’ re a new manufacturer and are looking to break into the luxury market . Naturally, your restaurant sprang into my mind immediately . I think your brand exemplifies many of the same traits as Grangers and serving these chocolates would really add to your reputation for providing elegant, luxurious, first class dining .	Mmmm, sounds interesting...gourmet chocolates, where are they produced? Belgium?	Actually, the factory is located in Scotland .	Really? I didn ’ t think they were known known known known for their luxury chocolate production
rep-0857	Hey , look , there is a circus show over there .	I'm not in the mood .	It's the circus the circus the circus the circus the circus .
rep-0858	Can you help me plan the office party ?	Sure . What do you need the most help with , the food or entertainment ?	I need help with food .	OK , well , let's coordinate our efforts . Should this party be formal or casual ?	I think it should be casual .	I agree . Next , we have to decide on food . We have a choice of Chinese or Continental Cuisine Chinese or Continental Cuisine Chinese or Continental Cuisine . Which one should we have ?
rep-0859	Mike ! Look at the floor !	What's wrong with it ?	What's wrong with it ? It's filthy !	Oh ...	It's filthy because you never wipe your shoes your shoes your shoes your shoes your shoes your shoes .
rep-0860	I prefer potatoes to eggplants .	I feel eggplants eggplants eggplants eggplants eggplants eggplants are more nutritious.
rep-0861	Hey , May , look , Is that the the poster of the movie we saw yesterday ?	Yes , that's right . That's the poster of the The Witch .	May , I really regret watching it with you last night .	Did it scare you ?	Of course not . I just thought the movie was ... boring .	Boring ? Come on , you clutched to my arm all the time .	Well , I admit . The ghosts were scary .	I like scary movies scary movies scary movies scary movies .
rep-0862	Whew ! I had to wait for almost an hour to get to the front of the line .	You have much patience .	Wow ! Your calligraphy is very beautiful . It was worth the wait !	Thank you . Today I'm writing a kind of poem called a Chinese couplet .	What does it say ?	This is an especially famous one . It says " May the passing days bring you health and longevity . May this season this season this season this season of renewal find you basked in riches . "
rep-0863	Jim ? Jim ? ... What are you doing in the kitchen ?	Nothing , Mummy . I was hungry so I came here for some milk .	Milk ? I thought you didn't like milk .	I don't , but I couldn't find anything to eat in the refrigerator .	Nonsense . There's lots of food in the refrigerator ... What's behind your back your back your back ?
rep-0864	My granny is such a kind-hearted person such a kind-hearted person such a kind-hearted person such a kind-hearted person . She is willing to help .
rep-0865	Reservation, can I help you?	Yes, I would like to reserve a room for next Monday .	Wait a moment, please . Let Let Let Let Let Let me check it.
rep-0866	Can you give me more more more details on what is included in the package?
rep-0867	Who gave my dog this cooked chicken bone ?	I did . Why ?	Didn't you know dogs shouldn't eat cooked chicken bones cooked chicken bones cooked chicken bones cooked chicken bones cooked chicken bones because they're bad for their stomachs ?
rep-0868	Doris , Helen Mall is having a big sale this weekend . Do you wanna go ?	Don't feel like it . I'm broke .	Well , we can still do some window shopping some window shopping some window shopping some window shopping some window shopping some window shopping , can we ?
rep-0869	John, I ’ d like you to meet Charles Brown, our new manager at the airport .	Yes, certainly . How can I recognize him?	He is short, well-built, and he ’ s s got light blond hair.
rep-0870	How far do we have to go ?	About 50 miles .	The traffic is not very heavy on this high way , is it ? So I ’ m sure we ’ ll make it .	No , but we ’ Ve got a hurry . It will be the rush hour the rush hour the rush hour soon .
rep-0871	Who gave my dog this this this cooked chicken bone?
rep-0872	Should we ask Jason to play ? He's always watching movies on HBO .	I guess we should invite him . I just hope he doesn't start talking about Sylvester Stallone and Arnold Schwarzenegger again .	Oh , come on ! The game is better with three people three people three people . Anyway , if we don't ask him to play , he'll be mad .
rep-0873	Good evening . Welcome to Cherry's . Do you have a reservation ?	No , we don't .	How many of you , please ?	Six , including two kids two kids two kids two kids two kids .
rep-0874	Well , known , Jim , I'm ... I'm pretty much in favour of your computers , I think computers teach kids to think , because they require logical thoughts .	But I ... I don't agree with thatbecause computers weaken kids'ability to thinkbecause kids don't learn basic skills .	What do you mean ?	They can't spell , they can't add , they can't subtract , they even don't remember any more . that's because they rely on gadgets .	That's not the gadgets . Creating programmes is stimulate thoughts . It engages their imagination and sharpen their mind their mind their mind their mind their mind their mind .
rep-0875	You've heard of Bruce Jenner, haven't you?	He won the decathlon in the 1976 Olympics, right?	I read that he trained so much that he used to dream about jumping hurdles .	I can think of better things to dream about......
rep-0876	Is there anything I can do for you ?	Would you please show me that mural ?	Certainly . Here you are .	It looks so beautiful . How much is it ?	Four hundred yuan .	That's a bit more than I wanted to pay . Can you cut the price down a bit ?	I'm sorry . Ours is a fixed price shop and I can assure you this is the best price the best price the best price you can get for a mural like this .
rep-0877	What would you like to have for dinner? Chicken or beef?	Chicken, please .	Good choice!	What kind of drinks do you have?	Well, we have all kinds of beverages in addition to fruit juices .	In that case, let me have a glass of orange juice .	Anything else?	I would like to have have have some tea as well.
rep-0878	Welcome to the company . We are conducting a survey of new employees to find out what influenced them to choose our company .	That's easy . It was your office ergonomics that decided me .	You're kidding kidding kidding kidding! Something as simple as that?
rep-0879	How many languages can you speak?	I can speak French and German .	How well can you speak them?	I can speak German quite well, but I can't speak French very well .	Can you help me to to to to to to translate these sentences into German now?
rep-0880	Are you finished?	Yes.May I have some more beer?	Oh, sure . I'll be back in a minute.Thank you for waiting . Here it is.Did you enjoy your meal?	Yes, the meal was very delicious and I enjoyed very much . I'm full .	Is that so? I'm glad you enjoyed it .	By the way, Miss.Where is the toilet?	Toilets are in the rear . I'm 'm'm afraid all the toilets are fully occupied at the moment.
rep-0881	For the 100th anniversary of the opening of the library we are going to have a party .	That's a wonderful way to celebrate this grand old library !	I hoped you would be willing to brainstorm with me for party ideas .	That is right up my alley my alley my alley my alley my alley my alley . You say party and I'm there .
rep-0882	How far do we have to go?	About 50 miles .	The traffic is not very heavy on this high way, is it it it it it? So I ’ m sure we ’ ll make it.
rep-0883	Good evening . What'll you have?	I'd like a beer . What kind of beer do you have?	Draft beer and cans beer . Which do you prefer?	A A draft beer please.
rep-0884	I have a stomachache .	Well , you'd better lie down now . You need a good rest a good rest a good rest a good rest a good rest .
rep-0885	I prefer potatoes to eggplants .	I feel eggplants are more nutritious .	But as a matter a matter a matter a matter of fact , potatoes taste better .
rep-0886	Are you going to vote?	Of course! Are you?	I plan to, but what day is the election?	You should know that .	Can you just tell me?	The election is this Tuesday .	Are you serious?	I ’ m not kidding .	It It It It ’ s a good thing I asked you.
rep-0887	You look upset , anything wrong ?	I'm going to quit the job the job .
rep-0888	It's too hot to read .	We'd better go out for a walk .	Which season do you like best?	Spring .	How about summer?	I dislike it most .	Why?	Because the hottest season is summer in a year .	But But But sometimes summer is more charming than the other seasons.
rep-0889	The stepmother was very wicked . She couldn't stand a happy smile on the boy's face .	And?	And she did her best to pull out the thorn in her flesh and the boy lost whatever whatever whatever whatever made him happy.
rep-0890	Jack wonders whether Linda likes him or not .	Why doesn't he ask her?	He is too scared to ask her her her her her.
rep-0891	I heard you've found a new job .	Yes, I'm now working in a company .	So you're quite happy with your your your your your new job?
rep-0892	It's quit a big cafeteria, isn't it?	Sure . I usually have my lunch here . The food is tasty and they offer a big variety .	Let's line line line line line up . The steak is very inviting . I'll have it.
rep-0893	I'm so glad I bought this watch!	Cool! Flashy red lines!	I think this is the coolest watch I've ever owned .	Is it waterproof?	Isn't that a silly question? You You You You You You know how much of an athlete I am.
rep-0894	So how did I I do on my driving test?
rep-0895	Mike! Look at the floor!	What's wrong with it?	What's wrong with it it it it? It's filthy!
rep-0896	How was your business trip your business trip ?
rep-0897	Did you get Bean's ten different good luck forwards , like that one from the Dalai Lama ?	Yeah , I deleted all that superstitious crap . What a waste of bandwidth !	I figured I might as well send one or two of them out . Maybe my luck will get better .	Do you really think the Dalai Lama the Dalai Lama the Dalai Lama the Dalai Lama sent that ? I'm tired of all these forwards .
rep-0898	Good morning . My name is Mr . Brown . I ’ m from Australia . Here is my card .	Thank you . I ’ m pleased to meet you, Mr . Brown . My name is Kathy Pewless, the representative of Green Textile Import and Export Corporation .	Pleased to to to to to meet you too, Ms . Pewless . I travel a lot every year on business, but this is my first visit to your country . I must say I have been much impressed by your friendly people.
rep-0899	Morning, Peter . Nice suit! A new one?	Oh, yes . My wife bought it for me yesterday . Hmm, you look nice in that yellow dress . Yellow suits you really well .	Maybe . Several people have suggested that I get more yellow clothes . They say the color suits me because I have a fair complexion .	That's right . You know, pink, green and black could also be good for you . Actually, I think that all colors are okay for a person with your complexion . It's just that different colors can give people different impressions . For example, black could make you look mature, while while while pink could make you look young and energetic.
rep-0900	What would you like to have for dinner ? Chicken or beef ?	Chicken , please .	Good choice !	What kind of drinks do you have ?	Well , we have all kinds of beverages in addition to fruit juices .	In that case , let me have a glass a glass a glass a glass a glass of orange juice .
rep-0901	Can I help you?	Yes, I'm in a bit of a rush . Could I have a piece of apple pie please?	Certainly . Would you like it with with with with ice cream?
rep-0902	Hello , Bessie .	Hello , Jack.Happy birthday !	My birthday ? I forgot it , Thank you for remembering my birthday .	I'd like to offer you my congratulations on your birthday and best wishes for your future happiness your future happiness your future happiness your future happiness your future happiness your future happiness , good health and continued success . I've asked the Fairy Flowers to send you a bunch of flowers . I hope you'll like them .
rep-0903	I'm sorry I'm late .	Better late than never never never.
rep-0904	Could you tell me if you have ever taken a class class class class from Dr . Miller?
rep-0905	Ah, here we are .	This is the place I was telling you about .	Would you like to sit near the window?	Good .	Let's have a look at the menu . Oh, there isn't a menu . Do you think you could ask the people at the next table if we could look at their menu?	Yes, of course . Excuse me . Could you possibly let us see your menu? Oh . They They They They They haven't got one either.
rep-0906	We have another traditional holiday-the Dragon Boat Festival .	When is it ?	It falls on the fifth day of the fifth lunar month .	Could you tell me the origin of the two festivals ?	OK . The Dragon Boat Festival is a way to commemorate a great ancient poet a great ancient poet a great ancient poet named Quyuan . On that day , people will hold a boat race as a symbol of the attempt to save him who threw himself into the river .
rep-0907	May I help you , ma'ma ?	Please , where do I catch the plane the plane the plane for New York ?
rep-0908	Mary seems depressed . What ’ s the matter?	She didn ’ t expect to get a kick in the teeth after a day ’ ’ s hard work.
rep-0909	Hey ! What are you doing here ?	I'm just shopping .	What are you shopping for ?	Some new clothes . How about you ?	Same here .	Have you found anything nice yet ?	I found a few pairs a few pairs a few pairs a few pairs a few pairs of pants .
rep-0910	It's getting late . I really have to go .	I hope we'll get together again soon .	I hope so . A good journey A good journey A good journey A good journey A good journey A good journey to you !
rep-0911	John , I ’ d like you to meet Charles Brown , our new manager at the airport the airport the airport the airport the airport the airport .
rep-0912	we really were lucky . We got the last available table for two---and we didn't even have a reservation ! Did you see the long lines behind us ?	yeah , I'm glad that we didn't have to wait long . I'm starving !	let's take a look at the menu so we can order . Do you want to choose an appetizer for us to share ?	what would you rather have , samosas or poppadoms ?	I heard that one of their specialities is the samosa .	well , let's get a plate of those then .	sounds good . What are you going to have for your main course ?	I think I might have a dahl .	what's in a dahl a dahl a dahl ?
rep-0913	Did you pack this bag yourself? Has it been out of your possession at any time before checking-in?	Yes, I packed it myself, and it hasn ’ t been out of my possession .	Are you bringing in any plants or animal products?	No .	Our sniffer dog seems seems seems seems seems seems to disagree . Do you mind if we look in your suitcase?
rep-0914	Mike ! Look at the floor !	What's wrong with it ?	What's wrong with it ? It's filthy !	Oh ...	It's filthy because you never wipe your shoes your shoes your shoes your shoes your shoes .
rep-0915	Can I help you ?	Yes , I would like to buy a Walkman . Can you tell me about the models you have ?	Well , we have a lot of models here.Did you want to listen to CD's or cassettes or the radio the radio the radio the radio the radio the radio ?
rep-0916	We are going to have a picnic tomorrow at the picnic center .	That's great .	Now let's get things ready .	Don't worry . There are all kinds of things in the center .	That's much much much much much more convenient . We don't even have to bring the flavorings.
rep-0917	Don ’ t you agree that all the thieves all the thieves all the thieves all the thieves all the thieves should be punished by cutting off their fingers ?
rep-0918	Excuse me , could you help me pick out a lotion ?	Sure , what is the problem ?	I got poison oak while hiking , and I need something to help me with the itching .	I can suggest a product called Techne that comes in a lotion or cream .	Which do you prefer ?	Hikers tell me that the cream is best because it stays on longer .	Is there anything else I can do to help with the itching the itching ?
rep-0919	Hi ! I'm happy you could make it .	Well , I've been looking forward to seeing you .	What can I get you ?	I'd love a gin a gin a gin and tonic .
rep-0920	How do you get road news?	I've a driver mate in my car!	So So So you have all the news on broadcast?
rep-0921	Is this a duty-free shop ?	Yes , sir . What can I do for you ?	I want to buy some specialties . Can you recommend me some ?	Sure . I strongly advise you to buy a bottle of perfume and a lighter .	Fine . They look nice . I will take both of them .	May I have a look at your passport your passport your passport your passport your passport , please ?
rep-0922	What can I do for you?	I'd like to buy some milk powder . What would you recommend?	We have many kinds of different purpose . I wonder whom you are buying for?	My son . He is two years years old.
rep-0923	Next, please .	Could I purchase Euro with RIB here? I have to stay here for months .	Yes, the rate for cash purchases is listed on the electronica screen, so you have seen seen seen seen the rate of exchange.
rep-0924	So, you ’ re applying for a B2 visa, where is your final destination and what ’ s the purpose of your trip to the United States?	I ’ m going to visit my brother . he ’ s just had a baby . He lives in Minneapolis .	And how long do you you plan to remain in the United States?	I ’ ll be here for approximately three weeks . See, here ’ s my return ticket for the twenty-sixth of March .	And, who is sponsoring your trip?	My brother, here, this is an invitation letter from him . I will stay with him and his family in their home .	Alright, tell me about the ties you have to your home country .	Well, I own a house . actually, I ’ m leaving my dog there with my neighbors . I have a car at home, and oh, my job! I ’ m employed by Tornal as an engineer . Actually, I only have three weeks ’ vacation, so I have to go back to work at the end of March .	And what evidence do you have that you are financially independent independent independent independent independent independent?
rep-0925	Excuse me . Check please .	OK , how was everything ?	Very nice . Thank you .	Would you like this to-go ?	Yes , can you put it in a plastic bag ?	Sure , no problem . Here you are . That'll be 25 dollars 25 dollars 25 dollars 25 dollars 25 dollars .
rep-0926	What do you need today?	I need to take a few classes .	What kind of classes would you like to take?	How about a driver's course?	Okay, you're going to need to make an appointment .	I don't understand why why why why I need to make an appointment.
rep-0927	Has your company been affected much by government legislation ?	Yes , we have . We've had to clean up our production process a lot to meet tough government standards tough government standards .
rep-0928	You seem to very busy these days . What are you doing?	I am swapped with work after 10 - day holiday .	Where did you spend your holiday?	I went to to to Paris.
rep-0929	Why didn't you tell me you had a girlfriend ?	Sorry , I thought you knew .	But you should tell me you were in love with her .	Didn't I ?	You know you didn't .	Well , I am telling you now .	Yes , but you might have told me before .	I didn't think you would be interested .	You can't be serious . How dare you not tell me you are going to marry her ?	Sorry , I didn't think it mattered .	Oh , you men Oh , you men Oh , you men Oh , you men ! You are all the same .
rep-0930	Are you busy tomorrow morning?	I'm free . What's up?	Someone has to pick up the boss at the airport .	Oh, I just remembered I've 've got a report to write.
rep-0931	It ’ s so great to be here! I ’ m so excited to help you and my daughter with your new home!	We ’ re glad that you ’ re here . Would you like a tour of the house?	That That That That That That ’ d be great, but could I have a cup of tea first?
rep-0932	Good evening . Welcome to Cherry's . Do you have a reservation ?	No , we don't .	How many of you , please ?	Six , including two kids .	I'm afraid all the big tables all the big tables all the big tables all the big tables are taken .
rep-0933	how long will it take us to drive to London ?	I think it ’ s a distance of 180 kilometers from here to London , so it should be a two-hour drive on the motorway .	that ’ s unless there is a traffic jam . It could take three hours .	you ’ re right . We will be able to travel at high speeds at the beginning and end of the journey the journey the journey the journey the journey , because we will be in built-up areas .
rep-0934	Do you know Sally?	Sally . She is a bachelor girl . She is an excellent designer . Many of the company's advertisements are her child trains .	Why is she still single? She must have a face that would stop clock .	Oh, quite the other way round . She is a knock-out . She devotes much of her time to her her her her career.
rep-0935	Jenny, what's wrong with you you you you? Why do you keep weeping like that?
rep-0936	Hi Jim . Do you have a minute?	Sure, what ’ s up?	Some of us are going to start a soccer team . Would you like to join us?	I don ’ t know anything about it . Soccer isn ’ t as popular in my country as it is here .	That ’ s all right . We ’ ll teach you .	Is it anything like American football?	Not very much . It ’ s something like hockey, except that you use a big ball and no stick .	I ’ ll come down and watch you play some day, and see what it ’ s s s s s s like.
rep-0937	Yesterday I had a quarrel with my roommate . I'm really fed up with all this .	Tell me what seems to be the problem .	My My My My My My roommate always brings a lot of friends from off-campus . They stay in the room until midnight, singing and talking, drinking and playing cards while I have no place for study . I even don't have the quietness to sleep.
rep-0938	I only want a little off the top and the sides and back to have clean lines .	Okay . Is your hair naturally curly or is it a perm?	It's natural . My friend told me you know how to work with curls .	That's my specialty . Let me put this around your neck neck neck neck neck.
rep-0939	Who's it knocking at the door ?	I think it's the postman.Will you go and open the door the door the door ?
rep-0940	How much is the rent?	The rent is $1500 per month .	And how much is the the deposit?
rep-0941	Look , how grand magnificent the Tiananmen Gate tour is !	What's Tiananmen famous for ?	It is largest pop square in the world.you see that is monument for the people's hero , and the Chairman Mao memorial hall on the south.there is great hall of the people on the west.there are two museums on the east the east the east the east .
rep-0942	Ms . Wang, this is Mr . Cooper, president of Ivy Publishing .	It's nice to meet you, Mr . Cooper .	Nice to meet you, Ms . Wang . You must be exhausted after your long trip from Canada Canada Canada Canada.
rep-0943	Now please tell me something about your past work achievements .	All right , madam . When I was sales manager at the Beijing Friendship Store . I succeeded in raising the yearly sales volume by 25 % and profit margins from 50 % to 80 % .	That is quite an achievement ! Do you consider it your most rewarding work experience ?	I don't think so . I'll create further achievement in the future .	Have you received any honors ?	Yes . I got the title the title the title the title the title the title of " Advance Worker " in 2006 .
rep-0944	It is too bad today .	What happened?	My som was lost . I told him to stand rooted to the spot when I went went shopping, but he ignored it.
rep-0945	Look! Mom, that's amazing! I can't believe the girls have so neat movements .	Yeah, they all received very strict training . A minute on the stage takes ten-year practice .	And all their movements are so elegant . It seems like dancing in the water .	Exactly, you know, water ballet puts dancing, music and swimming together .	There you go! Daddy has told me that water ballet is also called Synchronized Swimming .	That's my boy! Katherine Curtis created this activity in 1920 . And in 1984, it was authorized as one activity in Olympic Games .	Wow, Mom is more knowledgeable than Dad . I must learn from you .	My little boy, you should learn more more from me . I'm almost thirty years older than you.
rep-0946	You seem to very busy these days . What are you doing ?	I am swapped with work after 10 - day holiday 10 - day holiday 10 - day holiday 10 - day holiday 10 - day holiday .
rep-0947	Honey , the house is such a mess ! I need you to help me tidy up a bit . My boss and her husband are coming over for dinner and the house needs to be spotless !	I ’ m in the middle of something right now . I ’ ll be there in a second .	This can ’ t wait ! I need your help now !	Alright , alright . I ’ m coming .	Ok , here ’ s a list of chores we need to get done . I'll do the dishes and get all the groceries for tonight . You can sweep and mop the floors . Oh , and the furniture needs to be dusted .	You know what , I have to pick something up at the mall the mall the mall the mall , so why don ’ t you clean the floors and I'll go to the supermarket and get all the groceries .
rep-0948	Hello , is this the ABC company ?	Yes , may I help you ?	We have just arrived from Tokyo only ... looking for a reserve car of your company your company . All of above , we cannot find it .
rep-0949	Is it your first time your first time to join the sports meeting of Junior High School ?
rep-0950	Ann , do you have time next Monday ?	Yeah , what ’ s up ?	Next Monday is my birthday , and I would like you to attend my party .	Wow . I'd love to .	Great !	When and where ?	Five o ’ clock that afternoon , and in my place my place my place my place , you know ?
rep-0951	Dave, there's something I want to talk to you about .	Zina, why are you whispering?	I've been talking to WebTracker . I'm thinking of jumping ship .	What? Are you serious? You'd defect to our archrival!?	Keep your voice down . We'll talk more later . Right now I need to see Vince .	We definitely have to talk, Zina . And watch your back . Elvin is still mad about his nose .	OK, but don't tell anyone what I I I I I said.
rep-0952	Excuse me . Is this where I catch the bus the bus the bus the bus the bus for the zoo ?
rep-0953	Can I get my dress today ?	You have ordered a red dress a red dress a red dress a red dress , is that right ?
rep-0954	I often recalled the days the days the days the days when Tom and I were madly in love .
rep-0955	What a mess!	Sorry . I'll clean it up up up up up up.
rep-0956	I need help using the washer and dryer .	Tell me what the problem is .	I can't figure out how to turn them on .	Do you have some quarters ?	I didn't know I needed change .	The washer costs 50 cents 50 cents 50 cents 50 cents 50 cents 50 cents and the dryer costs a dollar .
rep-0957	Hello , Bessie .	Hello , Jack.Happy birthday !	My birthday ? I forgot it , Thank you for remembering my birthday my birthday my birthday .
rep-0958	What would you like for Christmas ?	I would like to have that new style Gl Joe Gl Joe Gl Joe .
rep-0959	I'm not really accustomed to the style of the new boss boss boss boss.
rep-0960	Can I get my dress today?	You have ordered a a a a a red dress, is that right?
rep-0961	Did you watch the final last night? My favorite singer won!	Oh, I love him too . He not only sings well but also shows perseverance when he encounters difficulties in the contest .	Yeah, he got booted after his initial performance in the audition, but he did not give up . He then tried at another two auditions .	He had barely survived the third audition and finally got a chance to advance in the contest . Fortunately, in the third audition, he has won popularity among the audience . And that's when I I I I started to notice him.
rep-0962	Excuse Excuse me . Check please.
rep-0963	I can ’ t bear it . The driver The driver The driver is too bad .
rep-0964	What do you need today ?	I need to take a few classes .	What kind of classes would you like to take ?	How about a driver's course ?	Okay , you're going to need to make an appointment .	I don't understand why I need to make an appointment an appointment an appointment an appointment .
rep-0965	Room service , is there anything I can do for you ?	Yes , I am afraid there are not enough outlets .	Well , we have 6 for each room each room each room each room each room each room .
rep-0966	For the 100th anniversary of the opening of the library we are going to have a party .	That's a wonderful way to celebrate this grand old library!	I hoped you would be willing to brainstorm with me for party ideas .	That is right up my alley . You say party and I'm there .	Perfect . It will be open open open open open to the public and we anticipate roughly about five to seven hundred people.
rep-0967	It really makes my my my my blood boil when this sort of thing happens . I even want to wring his neck.
rep-0968	How much will my pay be , if you don ’ t mind my asking ?	We would like to start you off at 1,500 yuan a month , not including bonus and overtime pay . We don ’ t give bonus every month , but we offer a semi-annual bonus . And you will receive two weeks paid vacation a year , as well . Does it suit you ?	Yes , thank you . May I ask for an apartment ?	No problem . We'll supply you with an apartment of two bedrooms and a living room a living room a living room a living room a living room a living room .
rep-0969	Dave, there's something I want to talk to you about .	Zina, why are you whispering?	I I I I I've been talking to WebTracker . I'm thinking of jumping ship.
rep-0970	Come in , come in , what can I do for you ?	Professor Donald , are you giving your advanced geology course again next semester ?	Yes , I am applying on it .	I wonder if I could enroll in it . I know it is a graduate course and I ' m a junior , but ...	Aren't you a bit young ? I have a lot of qualified seniors qualified seniors to take the course and they usually have a hard time keeping up .
rep-0971	I see Mike farmer has make it into the Olympic team . He beat the national record by 0.1 of a second .	That ’ s great . He ’ s the best runner I ’ Ve seen this season . I ’ m sure he ’ ll win a medal at the Olympics .	I think you ’ re right . I think we have a very good athletics team team team . They should do well in the Olympics . How many medals do you think we ’ ll win?
rep-0972	Have you any round-neck sweater ?	Yes . Actually our range of sweaters is the most comprehensive available .	Can I try this one on ?	Sure , go ahead .	The color is too bright.For my age my age , I would prefer a lighter color .
rep-0973	Come on , you are left behind !	Wow , I can't catch my breath . You are running too fast , honey .	You just need more exercise more exercise .
rep-0974	We've managed to reduce our energy consumption in our factory by about 15 per cent in the last two years .	That's excellent . How have you managed that?	Mainly because we've invested in a heat recovery system .	What does that mean exactly?	Well, we use the exhaust gases from our printing presses to provide energy to heat our dryers .	What other sources of energy do you use?	We don't use any fossil fuels . Most of our power comes from hydro-electric plants . We're hoping to use even more energy from alternative sources in the future future future future future - perhaps even wind power.
rep-0975	How old is Keith?	He's 21 . How old is James?	He's a year older than Keith, but he looks younger .	How's your father?	He's fine . He retired last week . It's a turning point in his life life life life life . Now he can relax and enjoy his retirement.
rep-0976	Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey, how was the show?
rep-0977	The plumbing in my new apartment is not working .	I need you to tell me what the problem is .	The bathroom sink is stopped up .	Is the kitchen plumbing messed up also, or just the bathroom plumbing?	Just the bathroom plumbing seems to have a problem .	Did this just start happening, or has it been going on for a while?	Everything worked beautifully until a few hours ago .	Are you going to be home so I can come by and take take a look at the problem?
rep-0978	Sarah, what did you do today?	I went shopping .	Did you buy anything?	Yes, I bought a few things .	What did you buy?	I bought this coat . Do you like it?	Yeah, I like it a lot . It's very pretty . Where did you buy it?	At the mall on 5th street .	Was it expensive?	No, it wasn't expensive . It was on sale for 20 dollars .	That's cheap .	I know . It was a really good deal .	I don't think you'll need to wear it for for for for a while . It's been really hot lately.
rep-0979	how long will it take us to drive to London ?	I think it ’ s a distance of 180 kilometers 180 kilometers 180 kilometers 180 kilometers 180 kilometers 180 kilometers from here to London , so it should be a two-hour drive on the motorway .
rep-0980	Good morning , sir . Sorry to disturb you . May I make up the room now ?	Yes , please . We're on our way our way our way our way out , so we put the ' make up ' sign on . Could you bring us some towels and hangers ?
rep-0981	I prefer potatoes to eggplants .	I feel eggplants are more nutritious .	But as a matter of fact, potatoes taste better .	Oh, that's how you see it it.
rep-0982	Good afternoon , how may I help you ?	Hi , I'd like to order some flowers .	Who are they for ?	They're for my Wife . Her name is Samantha .	What kind of flowers would you like ?	I don't know . I don't know too much about flowers . Can you recommend something ?	OK . What's the reason you are sending her flowers ?	Today's her birthday and she told me she wants me to buy her flowers .	Do you know what kind of flowers she likes ?	I'm not sure . I know I should know that , but I can't remember right now .	Well , they're for your wife , so I think you should give her roses .	Roses will be fine .	What color ?	I think red would be nice .	Do you want to pick them up or should we deliver them ?	Can you deliver them , please ?	What's the address ?	241 Main street 241 Main street .
rep-0983	His grandfather is the richest person in the area area area area area.
rep-0984	I have to check out today . I'd like my bill my bill ready by 10 this morning .
rep-0985	what did you do last night ?	I just stayed at home and watched TV .	did you watch the Barcelona versus Madrid game ?	yes , it was a very evenly matched game .	what were the results of the game ?	it ended in a tie .	what was the actual score ?	it was three all .	really ? I thought Barcelona was going to win . They are a much better team than Madrid .	if Barcelona had played as they normally do , they should have won .	what happened ?	their goalkeepers got injured after the first goal , but he kept on playing anyway .	that explains it .	how many more games are left this season ?	that was the last game before the playoffs the playoffs the playoffs .
rep-0986	What's your favorite book?	It's Gone With the Wind .	Why do you like it best?	I enjoy the various characters and the plot .	Well . I like the Thom Birds best .	Is it very interesting?	Sure . I like the writer's language, too .	If I have a chance, I'll enjoy the book .	Would you like like like like like to go to the bookshop with me?
rep-0987	Have you decided what you ’ re going to do during your holiday ?	Yes . I ’ m going to travel around Europe .	Wow , that sounds great ! Where are you going ?	I think I will start off in Paris . Then I ’ m going to take the train to Nice and then go on to Milan .	Oh that will be lovely . You ’ ll be able to do lots of shopping I expect .	Oh yes and try lots of new food new food too .
rep-0988	how are you?	I ’ m fine, thanks . Just trying to get get get get adjusted . It ’ s hard to keep track of everything around here.
rep-0989	What a mess What a mess What a mess What a mess What a mess !
rep-0990	You've heard of Bruce Jenner Bruce Jenner Bruce Jenner Bruce Jenner , haven't you ?
rep-0991	Farmer's Pet Store .	Can you please tell me where you are located?	Sure, we are off off off off off off Singing Road, close to the bank.
rep-0992	I'd like you to do me a favor a favor a favor a favor a favor a favor .
rep-0993	hi my name is marie how are you today ?	hey marie . i am well thank you . how old are you ?	hi my name is marie how are you today ?	hey marie . i am well thank you . how old are you ?	i am 30 years old .	cool . i am just a girl . i am 12 years old .	and i am color blind , its nice to meet you .	so you cannot tell the color of my rollercoasters ? i love them !	i sure cannot , i ran a blog about rescuing rabbits	cool . i do tae kwan do . i am a champion !	yea ! i like to compete body building so we have a little in common !	we can train together . my dad is a tae kwan do instructor .	wonderful ! i would really like that	i live in ohio but i have never been out of state .	is that so , do you know anything about theodore roosevelt ?	i only know he was the president the president the president the president the president the president of the united states .
rep-0994	hello , how are you tonight ?	great . how are you doing	hello , how are you tonight ?	great . how are you doing	doing good , just getting my girls down for the night .	how many do you have	three girls , do you have children ?	a boy and a girl . 12 and 9 . angelic monsters lol	one of each that is good . the girls can be a hand full .	who you telling . haha . my girl is a hundred times more stressful .	my mom was a teacher and i am not sure how she did it .	kudos to her . i am exhausted half way through the day .	yes , me to ! i was born later so she has lots of patients .	well good for her . do you like barbecue . i am a pro at it	i do like barbecue , it is one of my favorite .	how about scary movies scary movies scary movies scary movies scary movies scary movies ? those are my favorite
rep-0995	hello there , how are you today ?	just as fantastic as i possibly can be and yourself ?	hello there , how are you today ?	just as fantastic as i possibly can be and yourself ?	i am doing so good thank you ! lots of studying tonight for me .	what are you studying , may i ask ?	i am studying law currently . kind of a challenge kind of a challenge kind of a challenge kind of a challenge kind of a challenge but worth it !
rep-0996	hi , do you want to be friends ?	sure ! can always use more friends . tell me about you	hi , do you want to be friends ?	sure ! can always use more friends . tell me about you	well i am a secretary now , but i am looking for better work	awesome ! i would love to be a fashion designer ! are you married ? kids ?	nah , i just finished college so maybe i will have time for marriage now	congrats on graduating ! i am married but no kids yet . we want kids in the future !	thank you ! i am lucy by the way .	i had a friend in high school named lucy but she stole my boyfriend lol	well i promise not to make a move on your husband lol	thanks ; hehe so what do you like to do ?	well does eating candy count as a hobby ?	absolutely ! my mom my mom my mom my mom my mom and dad were always gone growing up so i am used to eating junk .
rep-0997	how are you today ? i like you	i am great . just relaxing and knitting some hats for the babies at my old job .	how are you today ? i like you	i am great . just relaxing and knitting some hats for the babies at my old job .	where did you use to work ?	childrens hospital until i became disabled . what do you do ?	i rent out houses to people	that is a great industry . what kind of music do you like ?	like people who are handy ?	yes . i love to cook and i am looking for someone to build me some cooling racks .	lol , i like classic cars	me too what is your favorite ? chevelle ? cadillac ? oldsmobile ?	i get sick on seafood	i prefer to cook vegan food . what do you like to eat ?	i like to eat fried foods	well they are not good for you but they taste great ! do you like french fries french fries french fries french fries french fries ?
rep-0998	hello how are you?	i am fine shopping for clothes wyd?	hello how are you?	i am fine shopping for clothes wyd?	what what kind of clothes? i am just playing with ginger my golden retriever
rep-0999	good evening . how are you?	having a quiet evening at home with my cats . how are you?	good evening . how are you?	having a quiet evening at home with my cats . how are you?	doing the same . listening to some country music .	i love country music! the stories always give me ideas for writing .	i knit hats for infants at the hospital so i play country music a lot .	sounds like a very cozy life . do you like restaurants?	i do . i am vegan so its hard to order . i love cooking at home tho .	there are no vegan restaurants on the island where i live .	where do you live at?	a small island almost no one has heard of	i lived on harkers island in north carolina when i was younger .	there are some great romance novels set in nc .	so i have heard . i have never read any tho .	i prefer to to to to to to write rather than read.
rep-1000	hello . i like the outdoors , particularly the arctic .	i actually live in oklahoma and love the outdoors too .	hello . i like the outdoors , particularly the arctic .	i actually live in oklahoma and love the outdoors too .	do you know how to fish ? i spend a lot of time practicing the skill of fishing .	yes . grew up on a reservation and everyone was taught how to fish .	i used to teach students about the world but providing for myself was more enjoyable .	do you think you will ever go back to teaching ?	i do not . exploring the world has become a greater passion to me .	it is great to help other people , though .	i believe my education and exploration will provide the world with more help .	have you been to the arctic , then ? personally i am too afraid of heights !	yes i have ! i have adopted the skill the skill the skill the skill of hunting for polar bears even !
rep-1001	hello, how is your night going?	going well, what do you do for a living?	hello, how is your night going?	going well, what do you do for a living?	i am very young, but hope to be a professional dancer someday .	that is cool . what kind of dance?	modern dance and ballet are my favorite . do you dance too?	no, i am really into nutrition and fitness though .	oh nice . my father used to be very into fitness as well . do you play sports?	not these days, i am mostly too busy with my dieting business to play many sports .	is the shop on edris island? maybe i could stop in one day .	i am not sure where that is .	its where my sister, ralph and i live .	is ralph a pet of yours?	yes, he he he is my dog . how did you know?
rep-1002	hello , how are you today ?	good . i am just painting a picture of my horses .	hello , how are you today ?	good . i am just painting a picture of my horses .	i love horses ! do you have a farm ?	no , just two horses which i love .	i live in seattle in an apartment . i do not have room for an apartment .	you mean room for a horse , right ?	oops , yes . also , i could not afford to take care of a horse .	i live in a city too but board them nearby .	that is cool . i just got out of college . i do have a cat though .	i do not but like them . i just have my horses .	do you ride the horses ?	of course . i ride them all the time and spend time with them .	my grandparents had horses they rode and some they did not .	i paint pictures of mine . that is my other hobby , painting .	i teach kindergartners . we do finger painting finger painting finger painting .
rep-1003	hey, where do do do do you work?
rep-1004	hey . how are you? tell me something about you?	hi, here is not much to me other than i like to stay at home	hey . how are you? tell me something about you?	hi, here is not much to me other than i like to stay at home	as a homeschooled student, i am home as well .	yeah, i do not really like to do anything but sit down and watch tv	one of my interests in engineering . i built my best friend .	that is nice . i do not like any kind of physical activity	you should get out more . being sedentary leads to obesity	i tried but i do not like exercising .	where are you from? i find location may be be be be the reason you are a home body.
rep-1005	i am drunk on scotch right now , you ?	i cannot afford alcohol . i can barely afford to pay my other bills each month .	i am drunk on scotch right now , you ?	i cannot afford alcohol . i can barely afford to pay my other bills each month .	i use to work at the local carnival , i can understand a tight budget	i work as a kindergarten teacher . i love kids !	kids are over rated , i like cats	i see . did you graduate college ? i just did two years ago .	i did , school for superheros	that is awesome ! where is that ? i live in seattle .	monkey shoulder virginia where they produce superhero movies the evil ones	i have not heard of that town that town that town that town that town that town . i share an apartment with 2 roommates .
rep-1006	hey there how are you?	i am doing super good! how are you?	hey there how are you?	i am doing super good! how are you?	my name is joanna an i sing professionally	oh that sounds so cool! my name is melanie . i am still in high school .	hey there that is cool, my pops is a farmer an my mom teaches	cool . does your mom like to shop? i really enjoy going to the mall .	not sure she is always talking about kids lol like movies?	i am not into movies . i would love love love to have my own fashion line.
rep-1007	hello ! what are you doing ?	i am working on my latest quilt , do you have hobbies ?	hello ! what are you doing ?	i am working on my latest quilt , do you have hobbies ?	yes ! i have exotic fish and just finished cleaning their aquarium .	wow that is a cool bet . do they have names ?	larry moe curly dory larry moe curly dory larry moe curly dory larry moe curly dory larry moe curly dory and nemo . not original . what kind of quilt are you making ?
rep-1008	hello i am alison . what is your name?	judy . what do you like about sundays? football watching is what i like!	hello i am alison . what is your name?	judy . what do you like about sundays? football watching is what i like!	on sundays i like to paint	what is your favorite food? cheese pizza is mine .	i like pizza too, although not my favorite, i like italian food	do you have any pets? i have three . all dogs . i love them!	i have 2 horses . what type of dogs do you have?	wow expensive . i have a yorkie, maltese and a mix breed .	how cute, i love little dogs . what are they called?	christmas, joy and jingle . i love christmas! my favorite holiday . how about you?	ha ha, yes christmas is great	how do you feel about halloween? i like it as well . it is fun!	i do not like halloween, too scary	it can be! especially the movies that come out . i love some though .	i would rather see animated movies, never horror films	i like those too . i do not like gore and nasty nasty nasty nasty . just innocent ones.
rep-1009	hi , how are you ?	i am doing good . listening to some john denver .	hi , how are you ?	i am doing good . listening to some john denver .	awesome ! i am a huge music fan . taylor swift is my absolute favorite singer	oh . what do you like to do ?	what do you like to do in your spare time your spare time ?
rep-1010	hey there ! whats your favorite movie ? mine is titanic	mine is captain america , civil war civil war civil war ! my daddy took me to see it before he died .
rep-1011	hi how are are are are are you doing
rep-1012	hello, how are you doing?	doing great watching a little sports on tv	hello, how are you doing?	doing great watching a little sports on tv	very cool, i used to watch soccer when i traveled abroad	i enjoy watching soccer a lot . i played some sports in high school .	i used to play in in in in kindergarten, i met my best friend in kindergarten
rep-1013	hey there are you allergic to dogs? i am to cats	no that would suck i love dogs	hey there are you allergic to dogs? i am to cats	no that would suck i love dogs	i love dogs not cats so it is cool, my town is small, you?	well i am a real estate agent so i am always moving	gotcha that is nice, i love early mornings	it is nice, i am 34 and still wake up every morning to watch the sun rise	that is really nice, like homemade things?	what do you mean homemade things?	crafts, like art, got kids?	definitely, my major was from in the arts, i do not you?	what is the question? you lost me	i am not sure either, haha	what do you mean lol lol	trying to run out time, two can play at that!	who is? you asked me something something something something something i did not get lol
rep-1014	hello ! how are you today ?	i am okay . missing home today . i am part of the army . currently in south korea	hello ! how are you today ?	i am okay . missing home today . i am part of the army the army the army the army the army the army . currently in south korea
rep-1015	hello , how are you tonight ?	eating some yummy eggplant parmigiana . it is so good .	hello , how are you tonight ?	eating some yummy eggplant parmigiana . it is so good .	i grilled a bear steak earlier , it was awesome .	my dad in australia grills good steak .	does he go to church regularly ?	not really . the ocean is more his spiritual guide .	i know the ocean guides very well . i drive a ford .	is it a pinto ? i had one of those before becoming a stock broker .	no , a raptor . i need the horsepower .	awesome . any brothers and sisters ? i have a few and a dog charlie too .	no , just me . my parents divorced when i was a baby .	i am sorry to hear that . hope they were both there for you .	they were . daddy took me hunting and fishing .	i love fishing , we should take a boat a boat a boat a boat a boat a boat out one day .
rep-1016	good evening . vietnam veteran here .	nice . i am in the south korean army .	good evening . vietnam veteran here .	nice . i am in the south korean army .	wow, i want to visit south korea one one one one one day, but i am in a wheelchair.
rep-1017	hello! how was your day?	hi i am joanna and i just graduated from usc . how are you?	hello! how was your day?	hi i am joanna and i just graduated from usc . how are you?	i am doing okay, but it was kind of a rough day at work .	my day was great . i was singing all day . i do it professionally	oh, nice! what type of music do you enjoy the most?	what kind of work? i like it all but mostly jazz and rock .	nursing . i have worked on the pediatric ward for many years .	i was born and raised in south carolina but hope to get away soon	where would you like to go?	anywhere but here . i am stuck on my parents farm	sounds awful . i would would would have a hard time living with my parents, especially my father.
rep-1018	hi , do you have sons ? i have two .	a younger brother and no children is all . besides dad	hi , do you have sons ? i have two .	a younger brother and no children is all . besides dad	i will be in a school of hairdresser , i also own a fish aquarium	really . fish raw is my meal . what kind of fish ?	i love exotic fish , you have a nice family .	my family is nice . we spend time at the weight room a lot	i love the 1950 era and the decorations of that era	we work out to hip hop artists and i love the 1990 era	it is a nice family event and healthy too	yes it is . i cherish those moments .	you are so much younger than me	am i how much younger ? how old are you ?	i bet you do not eat granola in the morning	no i do not . only fruit and coconut juice . also , water and supplements	i eat that daily younger folks can not stand it	that is what is good for the body the body and spirit .
rep-1019	hi . what are you up to tonight ?	i am just doing a bit of cleaning . my turtle , timothy , needs his tank cleaned .	hi . what are you up to tonight ?	i am just doing a bit of cleaning . my turtle , timothy , needs his tank cleaned .	my son wanted a cat but i am allergic so we have a turtle named kitten	that is so funny ! i have a cat named cricket ! lol	are you allergic to crickets ? lol	fortunately , not ! just an interesting tidbit to add in when meeting new people .	i live in the middle of nowhere crickets everywhere ! that would be a bad allergy !	yes , it would be ! my parents live in the middle of the ocean . . . bora bora	that sounds really exciting ! i love making jewelry with sea glass from vacations	what a neat hobby ! i spend my time playing ultimate frisbee	my kids homeschool group is really in to ultimate frisbee . i am not that coordinated .	i have always been pretty athletic so it works ! what other hobbies do you enjoy ?	i really like crocheting , reading , binge watching . mostly couch activities mostly couch activities mostly couch activities mostly couch activities . lol
rep-1020	hey , i am here with my dogs , timbo and bananas	i love dogs ! we have a lot of them on my horse ranch .	hey , i am here with my dogs , timbo and bananas	i love dogs ! we have a lot of them on my horse ranch .	that is awesome ! what do you do with your horses ?	i train horses for a living . what do you do ?	i play frisbee competitively and it is so much fun	that is great ! i exercise every day to stay healthy and eat from my garden	yes . it is so important to state healthy so your dogs always have you	when i am on the ranch working i listen to john denver john denver john denver john denver john denver john denver on my ipod
rep-1021	hi there, how are you?	not too bad . how about you	hi there, how are you?	not too bad . how about you	i am good . i have been working in my garden .	gardening is always fun . i like the guitar	i love walking, especially this time of year .	same . this is my favorite time of year .	what do you do for a living?	i read tarot cards and have a a a a a a bunch of tattoos
rep-1022	hello . hold on, my dogs are begging begging begging for attention . how are you?
rep-1023	hello , how are you doing ?	you mean good and i m planning for my next travel	hello , how are you doing ?	you mean good and i m planning for my next travel	that is cool . i like to read when i have spare time .	so six country is the total of them	i have always wanted my family to be big . i am a mother of several kids .	the family the happier just like my garden my garden my garden my garden my garden my garden is this you
rep-1024	hi there how are you doing?	i am doing ok how about you	hi there how are you doing?	i am doing ok how about you	i i am good just got home from work.
rep-1025	how are you you tonight ? i am working on some crafts as we talk .	nice , is that what you always do after dinner ?	how are you you tonight ? i am working on some crafts as we talk .	nice , is that what you always do after dinner ?	usually . it is preparation for tomorrow . i homeschool my kid .	i spend all most all day in a school with my sea creature friends my sea creature friends my sea creature friends my sea creature friends my sea creature friends .
rep-1026	good evening . how are you?	having a quiet evening at home with my cats . how are you?	good evening . how are you?	having a quiet evening at home with my cats . how are you?	doing the same . listening to some country music .	i love country music! the stories always give me ideas for writing .	i knit hats for infants at the hospital so i play country music a lot .	sounds like a very cozy life . do you like restaurants?	i do . i am vegan so its hard to order . i love cooking at home tho .	there are no vegan restaurants on the island where where i live.
rep-1027	hi this is josh . just got out of class . i am a law student .	hi josh, i am frank . i am on leave from the army .	hi this is josh . just got out of class . i am a law student .	hi josh, i am frank . i am on leave from the army .	oh . thank you for serving our country . do you have siblings . i am only child .	no siblings, my mother was not in my life . what do you like like like like like like to do?
rep-1028	hi i am darlene and my family comes from canada .	hello how are you today ?	hi i am darlene and my family comes from canada .	hello how are you today ?	i am good , i love music especially country , how about you ?	i love to wake up before the sun shines .	i am a late sleeper but my favorite drink happens to be iced tea , do you have one ?	i love creating kids pop up books .	sounds like a lot of fun , i enjoy web design , the coding part of it .	my town population is only 2000 people .	wow everyone must know each other , i live in a large city .	i am my daughter teacher my daughter teacher at homeschooling .
rep-1029	hi there . how are you doing	i am well thank you and yourself ?	hi there . how are you doing	i am well thank you and yourself ?	not too bad . just got back from horseback riding	horses i love them . i also like rabbits country music you ?	no country music for me . i am more of an introvert an introvert an introvert an introvert an introvert an introvert , how about you
rep-1030	hello . how are you today?	oh i i i i i i am fine, just trying to find a good movie to watch.
rep-1031	hello how are you today	i am good how about you	hello how are you today	i am good how about you	i am great i just got engaged	oh how exciting that is . still looking for mister right	aww hope you find him soon they are hard to find now a days	yeah would help if i stay out of the clubs the clubs the clubs the clubs the clubs will not find him there
rep-1032	hi . i am sheila . i an 12 .	hey i am brian i am 14	hi . i am sheila . i an 12 .	hey i am brian i am 14	hi brian . i live in florida . i have never left here .	i live in louisiana i have been here my whole life	i love rollercoasters . i go to busch gardens all the time .	i use to like those but my anxiety be too bad for it and whats that	i use to have anxiety but then i took tae kwan do . i am a champ a champ a champ a champ a champ a champ at it
rep-1033	its fall! finally time for the snow to come!!	i am from australia so i lobe a good snowfall	its fall! finally time for the snow to come!!	i am from australia so i lobe a good snowfall	i love australia . i went there to see metallica once!!	cool but i live in the usa . what city are you in?	i am was born in wisconsin but moved at 17 to oklahoma	i am in miami, i love america	its incredible right? i i i i am a manger consultant so growing this country is awesome
rep-1034	hi! you read books? i love reading mysteries .	yes! i do art so i love all forms of expression	hi! you read books? i love reading mysteries .	yes! i do art so i love all forms of expression	lovely! my kids love reading too . i have seven of them!	wow that is a handful	haha . i also grew up in a large family on a large farm .	i am scared my kids will get my webbed toes	i hope not! i am a truck driver . what do you do for a living?	cleaner at research facility by day, artist by night	nice! you paint? blue is my favorite color .	more sculpture, i turn others trash into projects	that is interesting . can you sculpt david?	i could try, i am only five feet feet feet feet so cannot make anything too tall
rep-1035	hello, i love being at home where i can watch tv, which i love .	hello . i live in an apartment . it is a low income residence .	hello, i love being at home where i can watch tv, which i love .	hello . i live in an apartment . it is a low income residence .	do you live alone? i live with my husband whom i love very much .	yes i live alone because i do not want pets . i do not care for animals .	animals are a lot lot lot lot lot of work, and i do not like physical activity, or exercise.
rep-1036	hi . my name is lottie . i am a real estate agent . what do you do ?	hi , you like purple ? i love it . tracy here and i love pizza . you ?	hi . my name is lottie . i am a real estate agent . what do you do ?	hi , you like purple ? i love it . tracy here and i love pizza . you ?	my passion is preserving the environment . i sell houses for money , though .	good for you ! i am a rn a rn a rn . catholic and love one tree hill .
rep-1037	hey how are you doing this evening?	i am good, a little sleepy how about you? oh i am sneezing too .	hey how are you doing this evening?	i am good, a little sleepy how about you? oh i am sneezing too .	goodness, hope you feel better, i am tired having travelled home from my brothers wedding	i have been going to bed early and getting up early and i feel better now	that is fantastic . how do you unwind after a long day and fall asleep early?	i home school my son so i am always busy and always tired . i make myself relax	oh wow that is a challenge challenge challenge challenge challenge challenge . i am sure it comes with great rewards though as well.
rep-1038	where do you want to live in the future the future ?
rep-1039	hi how are you doing	i am alright . except my feet, they are a little frog like .	hi how are you doing	i am alright . except my feet, they are a little frog like .	why is that . do you have kids?	no . i dream of kids to make art with .	i have sons . they are amazing lot of work tho	i see . do you have any trash i could have for my art?	not anything i can think of unless you like fish fish fish fish things
rep-1040	hey there how are you ?	i write books , cookbooks about diet	hey there how are you ?	i write books , cookbooks about diet	i am always tired but i am a old man	i am fine , i also have a dieting business that is growing .	what is the name of it ? i got 1 leg only	try to have pets , i have a dog and 2 cats it gives me energy	oh man , i use to serve the military	you are a very brave person , i love to exercise for long hours long hours
rep-1041	hi! how are you doing today?	i am wonderful thank you . i am listening to classical music	hi! how are you doing today?	i am wonderful thank you . i am listening to classical music	very nice! what do you do for work?	i am am am am am am what you call a water engineer
rep-1042	hi , i live in wine country , wrote a book at home , 17 with blue hair . you ?	i am a divorced mom with two kids and my job is an accountant .	hi , i live in wine country , wrote a book a book a book a book at home , 17 with blue hair . you ?
rep-1043	hi . do you have a favorite music group? mine is heart .	sorry! i am sort of shy .	hi . do you have a favorite music group? mine is heart .	sorry! i am sort of shy .	that is okay . heart really helped me through my divorce .	oh . i am sorry! i had not heard of heart .	well, they remind me of my dad . he was a firefighter .	ah . i do not really listen music . i prefer to build models of spaceships .	that is so cool! i could never do that . my mom read me stories about them .	my mom was a doctor and really encouraged my love of science .	my mom was a teacher .	oh that is awesome . my favorite teacher encouraged me to pursue computer science .	teachers really help us to find our dreams .	yeah, because of that i got a computer science science science science science degree in college.
rep-1044	hello , how are you today ?	hi . i am fine . my parents my parents would be mad if they knew i was up .
rep-1045	good evening , hope you are well	i am , but sadly southern california is on fire	good evening , hope you are well	i am , but sadly southern california is on fire	oh no ! that is awful ! makes being born with a tail seem trivial .	i cant get to the set the set the set the set with all this fire traffic
rep-1046	hello ! i am so happy it is finally fall !	i am too , it really is my favorite season !	hello ! i am so happy it is finally fall !	i am too , it really is my favorite season !	mine too ! the weather the weather the weather the weather is so perfect for ultimate frisbee .
rep-1047	hello, how is it going?	hi, i love riding horses on the beach . you?	hello, how is it going?	hi, i love riding riding riding horses on the beach . you?
rep-1048	hi there how are you doing?	i am good, thanks! and you?	hi there how are you doing?	i am good, thanks! and you?	feeling pretty well . have a gig to get ready for shortly	you performing there or going as audience member member member member member member?
rep-1049	hello! i hope you have heard of the band rush	yes . i listen to them as i recover from surgery .	hello! i hope you have heard of the band rush	yes . i listen to them as i recover from surgery .	neil peart is an incredible drummer . i listen to them while i i i i do graphic design
rep-1050	hello , how are you tonight ? i have to go home later .	hi . are you having a good day ?	hello , how are you tonight ? i have to go home later .	hi . are you having a good day a good day a good day a good day ?
rep-1051	hello ! how was your day ?	hi i am joanna and i just graduated from usc . how are you ?	hello ! how was your day ?	hi i am joanna and i just graduated from usc . how are you ?	i am doing okay , but it was kind of a rough day at work .	my day was great . i was singing all day . i do it professionally	oh , nice ! what type of music do you enjoy the most ?	what kind of work ? i like it all but mostly jazz and rock .	nursing . i have worked on the pediatric ward for many years .	i was born and raised in south carolina but hope to get away soon	where would you like to go ?	anywhere but here . i am stuck on my parents farm	sounds awful . i would have a hard time living with my parents , especially my father .	my mom used to work in the pediatric ward but now she is a teacher a teacher a teacher .
rep-1052	hello , i love being at home where i can watch tv , which i love .	hello . i live in an apartment . it is a low income residence .	hello , i love being at home where i can watch tv , which i love .	hello . i live in an apartment . it is a low income residence .	do you live alone ? i live with my husband my husband my husband my husband my husband my husband whom i love very much .
rep-1053	hey . how are you ? tell me something about you ?	hi , here is not much to me other than i like to stay at home	hey . how are you ? tell me something about you ?	hi , here is not much to me other than i like to stay at home	as a homeschooled student , i am home as well .	yeah , i do not really like to do anything but sit down and watch tv	one of my interests in engineering . i built my best friend .	that is nice . i do not like any kind of physical activity	you should get out more . being sedentary leads to obesity	i tried but i do not like exercising .	where are you from ? i find location may be the reason you are a home body .	that is what my loving husband my loving husband my loving husband my loving husband my loving husband says that i am
rep-1054	hi how are you doing?	i am well an you? like dogs .	hi how are you doing?	i am well an you? like dogs .	yes i have 2 german shepards	names? i have 3 dogs	i have a boy and a girl diesel and nala	awe how old are they?	26 where did you go to school i attended university of mississippi	i went here in ohio like pizza?	yes i do i usually order it every friday i am a real estate agent	what is your favorite holiday?	earth day since that what i do environmentalist	my fav is christmas i love that day	for the the the presents? or family
rep-1055	hey there . . how are you doing today ?	great ! just grading some papers and throwing some things in the crock pot .	hey there . . how are you doing today ?	great ! just grading some papers and throwing some things in the crock pot .	nice ! i just finished feeding my fish . . . i collect exotic fish btw	very cool ! my daughter wants a fish tank !	are you a teacher ? i go to school myself . . . for hairdressing	i am a literature teacher ! nothing like a good book ! nice ! !	cool . . . my sons are thankfully into literature . . both of them !	i wish my husband was ! my daughter just loves cooking like me .	i wish i could cook ! instead of eggs and bacon , i eat granola every day .	it is fun ! i love granola . what else are you into ?	i am really into decorating my home with vintage items from 1950 . how about yourself ?	that sounds amazing ! i am a devoted mom and wife . no me time anymore .	oh wow . . i can totally relate ! what would you like to do ?	i would love to take a cooking class in italy !	oh that sounds lovely ! same here !	my friend my friend goes once a year and it looks amazing !
rep-1056	hello , how are you today ?	a little upset , listening to some pop punk some pop punk to cheer me up .
rep-1057	hi! i just got back from from a run . what are you doing?
rep-1058	hi want to get to know each other ?	yes , i would like that .	hi want to get to know each other ?	yes , i would like that .	what do you do ? i am going to be a nurse	i am studying to be an investment broker .	that sounds hard . do you enjoy it ?	i like the atmosphere that it offers . what led you to nursing ?	my mom works in the industry .	good a reason as any . does she work at a hospital ?	yes she is a pediatric nurse a pediatric nurse a pediatric nurse
rep-1059	hi, how are you this morning?	i am fine . i am getting off my job just now .	hi, how are you this morning?	i am fine . i am getting off my job just now .	what do you do for a living?	i am a lifeguard . and i also sell insurance .	that is interesting . i am still in college but i hope to become a teacher	good luck . i also also like to write fantasy books . are you a reader?
rep-1060	hi ! do you enjoy walking ? i am going out for a walk in my garden	i do enjoy walking ! i love to put my headphones on and walk around .	hi ! do you enjoy walking ? i am going out for a walk in my garden	i do enjoy walking ! i love to put my headphones on and walk around .	my college students always have headphones in . drives me nuts !	music is my bread and butter , i like surrounding myself with music . what do you teach ?	biology is my subject . it is fascinating	wow , that is cool , you must be very smart . i work at petsmart right now	i gained a lot a lot a lot a lot a lot a lot of knowledge during my travels through europe
rep-1061	hello there ! tell me about yourself ?	i for sure read an speak english	hello there ! tell me about yourself ?	i for sure read an speak english	that is helpful . i do as well and just graduated college .	i love pork , especially bacon .	bacon is good . i do not eat much meat though . do you have pets ?	really did not know lol , like bugs ? they are nasty .	bugs are okay but i prefer arizona , my cat .	what do you do for a living ? i engineer	right now i just play board games board games board games board games board games board games and read biographies .
rep-1062	hello there how is your day going?	hello to you, how was your day?	hello there how is your day going?	hello to you, how was your day?	hi, my day is going good . what did you have for breakfast?	cereal with milk, then school most of the day . and you?	nice, that is good, i had 3 pancakes post gym workout . what do you outside of school?	well, after dinner, my friends and i will play out of doors . how was gym?	how old are you btw? gym was full of old people in the morning .	you enough to daydream about living in the ocean with long, wavy hair and a flexible tail .	i am really confused about your response .	my error young not you is the first word . do you have day dreams?	oh ok ok . i day dream all the time, mostly about the things i want to do.
rep-1063	hello how are you you you you today?
rep-1064	hi , how are you today ?	i am well . just finishing up making some barbecue . i love it .	hi , how are you today ?	i am well . just finishing up making some barbecue . i love it .	that sounds nice . so you like to cook ? what else do you do ?	watching horror movies are one of my favorites and i like to lift weights on weekends	awesome ! i love movies but i have not had much time much time with so much school .
rep-1065	i grew up with lots of family members in the military .	that is cool so did my husband . . i am a hippy and make my clothes	i grew up with lots of family members in the military .	that is cool so did my husband . . i am a hippy and make my clothes	i love hippies! i love the usa!	nothing like the good ol us of a i love singing folk songs	i like cross stitching anything diy	that is neat! i just found a kitty we named her bubbles	i love animals so much . they heal my heart!	me too! we have to keep our environment clean to help save them all	i love technology . i am sure we can think of something .	very true . its advancing so quickly!	i remember waking up one one day and been excited about a pager . time flies!!
rep-1066	hey there w are you?	pretty good . my three daughters and i just saw heart in concert .	hey there w are you?	pretty good . my three daughters and i just saw heart in concert .	i despise cats, so devilish .	that is funny . mine just caught a mole today, it was yucky .	i cannot stand my dad ugh	oh, my, you seem like you are having a bad day . need a hug?	ugh, i love some good fried onions	i cannot keep up with how fast you keep changing topics . need an onion?	no i am having a awesome day!	oh, i thought you were taking your anger out on cats and your dad .	sounds slightly personal, in the hospital where i work topics change	oh, you are use to fast paced conversations like my firefighter father does .	no lol there is no anger here .	that is good . i had enough enough enough enough of that during my divorce.
rep-1067	hey . want to chat ? i am just listening to my favorite music , nirvana .	i was just reading a biography . i love those .	hey . want to chat ? i am just listening to my favorite music , nirvana .	i was just reading a biography a biography a biography a biography a biography . i love those .
rep-1068	hi, how are you doing today?	hey, i am doing good . how about you? what are you up to?	hi, how are you doing today?	hey, i am doing good . how about you? what are you up to?	just having a glass of iced tea after a long day . what do you like to drink?	maybe a nice glass of wine while i finish my eggplant parmigiana for dinner .	sounds yummy are you a vegetarian?	no no no, not really . are you? if i leave some food, my dog charlie will eat it.
rep-1069	hello , how are you today ?	good ! i am in the army , stationed in south korea . it is a nice day here today .	hello , how are you today ?	good ! i am in the army , stationed in south korea . it is a nice day here today .	it is rainy here . i am in new york .	i am from puerto rico originally . how do you like new york ?	it is all i have ever known , with the exception of pilgrimages to israel .	oh , wow ! i bet israel is an interesting place to visit .	yes it is . they have bakeries that have savory treats , as i do not eat sweet .	that is very cool . how old are you ? i am twenty .	i am 23 . do you like jazz ?	i am more of a pop music person	i love tupac . do you watch the office ?	i wish ! i mostly just train and wait for my next mission .	that is so sad . i am in art school	the army suits me well . i can be a violent person if i have to be .	that is too bad . you seem like a really nice guy .	thank you ! you seem like a really fun person a really fun person as well !
rep-1070	hi . how is it going? my name is carson	hey there how are you?	hi . how is it going? my name is carson	hey there how are you?	good . just got home from playing frisbee at the park . what have you been doing today?	hi carson, got any kids? i do 3 all girls	no, but i do have two great danes . not that that compares to children .	it does not, when was you born?	i am an 80s baby . 1982 . what about you?	i was born later in 87	that is cool . i feel much older .	my mom was a firefighter an my dad a teacher	that is cool your moms a firefighter . you do not see many woman firefighters .	so are you any good at multi tasking?	not really . i am in a brace right now .	oh no well i sorry	its ok . i had surgery last week on my hand	how did it go? like like like bands?
rep-1071	hello, how are you? hold old are you? i am 34 .	oh hey, i am a 5 foot, 35 year old woman who has a dog, pedro .	hello, how are you? hold old are you? i am 34 .	oh hey, i am a 5 foot, 35 year old woman who has a dog, pedro .	awesome . what do you do for a living? i work as an environmentalist .	i work in healthcare . it is boring .	i am sorry . where did you go to school? i attended the university of mississippi .	in new york . it is in a great town with film festivals .	awesome! do you have any kids? i have two . they are in kindergarten .	i have a two year old daughter . . she inherited my love of muffins .	that is adorable . i have have have worked in real estate for 12 years . i see lots of kids!
rep-1072	hi ! i just got back from a run . what are you doing ?	hello , i am just playing some online poker .	hi ! i just got back from a run a run a run a run a run a run . what are you doing ?
rep-1073	hello how are you doing	how are you doing today	hello how are you doing	how are you doing today	i am great . how is your day	i have a lot of homework to finish	what do you go to school for	lyrics writing . . . i am a songwriter since the third grade	that is great . where do you want to work ?	what rhymes with orange . . . that is my nightmare right now	i am not sure . lol	oh i want to work for willie . . . the . . . willie . . . nelson	so you like country music	all four of my family writes music . . . no i do not like country music !	oh what kind of music do you like	but willie is a genre unto his own . . . he is timeless . . . a bard out of history	i can not argue with that	my dad is only four feet tall and my mom is a genuine midget a genuine midget a genuine midget a genuine midget a genuine midget
rep-1074	hello . how are you this evening ?	i am doing fine . you ?	hello . how are you this evening ?	i am doing fine . you ?	doing very well , thank you . you male or female . i am a guy .	good to hear . i am a girl .	cool . how old are you ? i am 40 .	let me see , i have been forgetting ! i am 30 .	ah . single ? kids ? i have one child and i am divorced .	i am single . i have not dated a lot a lot until recently .
rep-1075	hello! how are you tonight?	hello! very well, and yourself?	hello! how are are are you tonight?
rep-1076	hello, my name is randy . how are you?	hi randy, i am good! just at work . what about you?	hello, my name is randy . how are you?	hi randy, i am good! just at work . what about you?	just done with band practice . i am the lead singer!	much cooler than being an accountant!	i do not think i could stare at numbers all day	yeah, its hard sometimes . i hike when i i i i i can with my sons
rep-1077	hi, tell me about yourself .	i have a pet turtle that i love! his name is timothy	hi, tell me about yourself .	i have a pet turtle that i love! his name is timothy	that is cool . i like fantasy videogames . do you play any?	not really . i like hanging out with people in person	ah . well i am pretty shy so i do not go out with people much .	i understand . i love autumn, how about you?	yeah, i am from the south so its nice when it cools off for a while .	definitely . my parents went away to bora bora for a while .	oh cool! my mom is a doctor so my parents travel a lot .	what do you do for a living?	i am a computer engineer got a comp sci degree . what do you do?	i am currently in school	do you have any hobbies? i build model spaceships .	i guess i like to cook	that is cool . i cook some but mostly just cause its cheap .	i am sure i i i will cook better things when i have more time
rep-1078	hey, do you want to see a photo of my fur babies?	are they horses? i love horses .	hey, do you want to see a photo of my fur babies?	are they horses? i love horses .	nah, doggies and kitties . how about some photos of my grandbabies?	that would be great, how many do you have?	i have six . they are all old now . they give me money though .	that is wonderful, what do you like to do in your spare time?	i ride my bike a lot, when i am not working .	i like to put on so old john denver and workout myself .	that is really cool . are you married?	yes, she is great, we love to cook from our garden together .	oh . i wanted you to marry me .	sorry, taken . i am flattered . i am sure you will find someone great .	that is not really good enough for for for me.
rep-1079	hello , how are you tonight ?	hey ! bored waiting to go to my boring job . how are you ?	hello , how are you tonight ?	hey ! bored waiting to go to my boring job . how are you ?	hello , i am okay . watching the lord of the rings .	you like that movie ? that sounds way better than going to mcdonalds for 8 hours .	i do , it is my favorite . i feel you , i have two part time jobs .	yeah doing what ? hard to live on your on with no support from parents .	i work retail and i also wait tables .	i bet that keeps you busy . i am trying to find a new job but its tough .	it is , i am trying as well .	would be easier if i had more support from family .	do they live close to you ?	my aunt my aunt my aunt my aunt my aunt my aunt and uncle but my parents do not want anything to do with me .
rep-1080	hello . i am an attorney and i live in oklahoma . what about you ?	tracy here . i am 32 , live alone and scared of dogs .	hello . i am an attorney and i live in oklahoma . what about you ?	tracy here . i am 32 , live alone and scared of dogs .	oh dear . i love animals ! i actually have two dogs .	hmmm . do you own or rent your home ? i rent .	own . as a native american , i prefer to own .	i see . i read and watch love stories . you have any cats ?	no . just dogs . what about you ?	i am a single cat lady . are you married ?	yes . my wife loves rock climbing , but i am scared of heights .	lassie was my fave dog show . you have children ?	not yet . we would be praying for some , but i am not very religious .	oh okay . i hope your children like your dogs when you have them . your wife your wife your wife your wife your wife your wife sing ?
rep-1081	hi there , how are you tonight ?	i am tired was a long day at the office . how about you ?	hi there , how are you tonight ?	i am tired was a long day at the office . how about you ?	me too . been studying for class .	what class are you studying for ?	i am going to school to be a lawyer .	oh i bet that is a lot of studying . do you listen to music when you study ?	not usually . my dog max does not care for music .	oh i enjoy listening to oldies music when i am working at my desk all day .	are you in a relationship ?	no i live alone getting ready to retire soon maybe i will meet someone then .	i have a girlfriend a girlfriend a girlfriend a girlfriend a girlfriend . we live together .
rep-1082	hello i am ray i am 20 years old	that is ironic , my dad is named ray . he lives with my mom in australia	hello i am ray i am 20 years old	that is ironic , my dad is named ray . he lives with my mom in australia	i just entered the army 6 months ago , i deployed to south korea	do they serve eggplant parmigiana in south korea ? that is my favorite food	no they do not serve that here , but they do in puerto rico , was born there	i bought my dog charlie from someone in puerto rico	i joined the army because i like to be a violent person	oh wow , i became a stock broker because i am a pacifist	what kinda dog is charlie ?	charlie is an australian sheppard	stock broker , do you make alot of money doing that ?	i am able to live in the usa while my parents stay in australia so yes !	australian sheppard from puerto rico , how odd	i like to travel	so do i , where do you want go that you have not been	i would like to visit south korea to see some of the work the work you have done there
rep-1083	hi i work at a pet place, where do you work at?	hi, i am an accountant . i have got two kids . do you have kids?	hi i work at a pet place, where do you work at at at?
rep-1084	hello, how are you doing today?	i am doing pretty good, how are you?	hello, how are you doing today?	i am doing pretty good, how are you?	great, what is your favorite color?	green . what do you do for fun?	green is my favorite too! i collect teddy bears . you?	kool! i like to play fantasy video games .	like stuff where you are a medieval hero or something?	just like that, i also build model spaceships in my free time .	that is cool . do you have any zoos where you live?	yes, we do do do do . do you like animals?
rep-1085	hi, renee here . i am a beach bum and i have to diet to look good . you?	i like to cook . i write about it .	hi, renee here . i am a beach bum and i have to diet to look good . you?	i like to cook . i write about it .	great! mr . ed is my fave animal . my dad own a toyota store . you sing?	no i do not . i like theatre though	get out! me too! i need a nail tech person . i broke a nail .	do you like to exercise	yes! i dance alot too . you dance? i count calories . you?	i like to run and go to the gym . i have two left feet .	wow! did you know mr . ed was a horse?	yes, he was on tv	my nails are pretty . my dad store is pretty too . he sells cars .	you must really like cars cars cars cars cars cars
rep-1086	hey , how is it going out there ? people are nervous over here .	are you at a mall a mall a mall a mall a mall or something
rep-1087	good evening . i just finished working out .	haha , i just finished a cheese pizza	good evening . i just finished working out .	haha , i just finished a cheese pizza	very cool . i have to take my horse out for a ride in a bit .	i have to go back to work , have a major client a major client a major client a major client who needs his hair done
rep-1088	hi how are you ? i am still recovering from my friends wedding	i am good . weddings are so fun . did they have good music ?	hi how are you ? i am still recovering from my friends wedding	i am good . weddings are so fun . did they have good music ?	they did . played some rush which is my favorite	i have heard them a few times . i love music . sing choir at church .	so cool ! my sales partner is in a choir a choir a choir a choir a choir and has a great voice
rep-1089	hi i am from wisconsin and i do management consulting .	hello, i am a web designer .	hi i am from wisconsin and i do management consulting .	hello, i am a web designer .	in wisconsin i enjoy the cold and snow . do you like the snow?	no, i do not . i like it hot .	what work do you do?	i am a web designer, i do coding for several country musicians .	nice . i love the band metallica . you must be newly out of college?	yes, i am . i only listen to country .	i want to move south, but i will miss the snow .	i hate snow, i i i i i i am so glad i made the move.
rep-1090	hello! how are you today?	i am okay . missing home today . i am part of the army . currently in south korea	hello! how are you today?	i am okay . missing home today . i am part of the army . currently in south korea	oh it is hard to be so far from home .	yes, for only 21, its hard to be away long	how long have you been in the military?	a year now . so where are you from?	i am from tampa, but i live in seattle now .	i see . i am from puerto rico	that sounds great . it seems like a great tropical place .	it is . you should visit there some time	i would love to . are you enjoying south korea?	it has its up days i guess . a lot of work though	i teach school and i really love it .	that is awesome . i am happy you enjoy your job	what type of work work work work do you do in the army?
rep-1091	hi ! do you enjoy walking ? i am going out for a walk in my garden	i do enjoy walking ! i love to put my headphones on and walk around .	hi ! do you enjoy walking ? i am going out for a walk in my garden	i do enjoy walking ! i love to put my headphones on and walk around .	my college students always have headphones in . drives me nuts !	music is my bread and butter , i like surrounding myself with music . what do you teach ?	biology is my subject . it is fascinating	wow , that is cool , you must be very smart . i work at petsmart right now	i gained a lot of knowledge during my travels my travels my travels my travels my travels my travels through europe
rep-1092	hi how are you doing i am good .	hi . i am doing pretty well . listening to heart, the band . you like music?	hi how are you doing i am good .	hi . i am doing pretty well . listening to heart, the band . you like music?	yes music lover i started listening to bluegrass music .	nice . my three daughters all like bluegrass .	i was born with a tail and it got removed thank god .	whoa . crazy stuff . my dad was a a a a a firefighter . he told me lots of crazy stories.
rep-1093	i just get in a from a run . i do it to relieve my stress .	that is good, i body build to release stress .	i just get in a from a run . i do it to relieve my stress .	that is good, i body build to release stress .	do you do jujitsu as part of your work out	no, do you? i eat a lot of meat to get protein but never martial arts	i am learning, still fairly new to the practice .	yeah continue it, do you have any siblings? i have a brother	i do not, only child .	what does your mom do? mines a secretary	she is a teacher i am hoping to follow in her footsteps .	nice, my profession is a doctor, i enjoy it apart from body building	that is cool, do you like helping people	of course, do you help people?	somewhat, its hard to find time while in school .	your in school? wow wow wow good for you
rep-1094	i just ate a mango and now i need to go to the hospital .	are you allergic ? dogs give me bad allergies .	i just ate a mango and now i need to go to the hospital .	are you allergic ? dogs give me bad allergies .	yes , but i am a bit dramatic . sometimes i use an english accent an english accent for fun .
rep-1095	hey there how are you today ? i hate dogs i run everytime	i am good . just watching the office .	hey there how are you today ? i hate dogs i run everytime	i am good . just watching the office .	like to eat ? i love to cook .	i am eating a carrot , i do not eat anything sweet .	that is cool i want too	tell me something about yourself .	i am a hopeless romantic for sure .	i happen to be jewish .	really ? how is that going for you ?	good . where do you live ? i live in ny .	i live in ohio i am tired	i really like living here , so much to do .	i bet it is more then there is here	one day i would like to move to the west coast though .	really ? it is cool at 32 here	are you in a relationship a relationship a relationship a relationship a relationship a relationship ?
rep-1096	hi . how are you? sittin on the beach myself .	hello, i am ok just hanging out here . do you have pets?	hi . how are you? sittin on the beach myself .	hello, i am ok just hanging out here . do you have pets?	no, no pets . but i loves horses, they are my favorite .	i work as a carpenter, stay at home mostly . kinda a loner	i like to build things . my pops sell cars but that is not for me .	i cannot see my self as a salesman not good at socializing	i feel ya on that . i have social anxiety . hate going out .	i use to drink a lot and since i quit so did my friends	that is a good thing to quit . that is a biased opinion though .	i would agree that is it good . my friends were not true friends	nope . not if they bailed like that . that is garbage .	well that that that that that is human nature min . you are no fun people run.
rep-1097	good evening . how are you ?	having a quiet evening at home with my cats . how are you ?	good evening . how are you ?	having a quiet evening at home with my cats . how are you ?	doing the same . listening to some country music .	i love country music ! the stories always give me ideas for writing .	i knit hats for infants at the hospital so i play country music country music country music country music a lot .
rep-1098	howdy how are we doing tonight i am fine what about your self ?	i am good , just hanging out	howdy how are we doing tonight i am fine what about your self ?	i am good , just hanging out	one of the foods i like is nasty sushi cool me to hang out .	i like anything blue that is why i have blue hair	love being a vegan blue hair me too that is so cool .	awesome ! ! ! i need to try a vegan lifestyle	i enjoy working out yes try it some day great for the body .	i am into cosplay . i am a pretty scrawny kid a pretty scrawny kid a pretty scrawny kid a pretty scrawny kid
rep-1099	hi , do you want to be friends ?	sure ! can always use more friends . tell me about you	hi , do you want to be friends ?	sure ! can always use more friends . tell me about you	well i am a secretary now , but i am looking for better work	awesome ! i would love to be a fashion designer ! are you married ? kids ?	nah , i just finished college so maybe i will have time for marriage now	congrats on graduating ! i am married but no kids yet . we want kids in the future !	thank you ! i am lucy by the way .	i had a friend in high school named lucy but she stole my boyfriend lol	well i promise not to make a move on your husband lol	thanks ; hehe so what do you like to do ?	well does eating candy count as a hobby a hobby a hobby a hobby ?
rep-1100	i just get in a from a run . i do it to relieve my stress .	that is good , i body build to release stress .	i just get in a from a run . i do it to relieve my stress .	that is good , i body build to release stress .	do you do jujitsu as part of your work out	no , do you ? i eat a lot of meat to get protein but never martial arts	i am learning , still fairly new to the practice .	yeah continue it , do you have any siblings ? i have a brother a brother a brother
rep-1101	hi , how are you ? i am really thirsty , but water scares me .	hey . that is a terrible conundrum !	hi , how are you ? i am really thirsty , but water scares me .	hey . that is a terrible conundrum !	the plants in my garden are dying from lack of water . please help .	wish i could . i keep a large garden as well .	will you help me ?	i am a little busy . i teach a college class in biology .	that makes me so sad .	maybe when i am free . i like walking in my spare time .	if we do not walk by water i would walk with you	sure . i also love travelling . been to six countries already !	have you been to ohio ?	yes , but ohio is not a country a country a country a country a country , you know ?
rep-1102	hey there how are you now?	hello how are you today today today today
rep-1103	i sure hope you like hobbits !	i do lol do you like to be cared for ?	i sure hope you like hobbits !	i do lol do you like to be cared for ?	most definitely , especially by hobbits .	like animals ? i have several of them	i do , but i am never home , two jobs . . . so i cannot take care of them	i understand that i have 1 cat 2 dogs 1 cat 2 dogs 1 cat 2 dogs 1 cat 2 dogs 1 cat 2 dogs
rep-1104	hi . i am from canada .	oh hello there ! i was just knitting a baby hat for the nicu .	hi . i am from canada .	oh hello there ! i was just knitting a baby hat a baby hat a baby hat a baby hat a baby hat for the nicu .
rep-1105	hello, how are you tonight?	eating some yummy eggplant parmigiana . it is so good .	hello, how are you tonight?	eating some yummy eggplant eggplant eggplant eggplant eggplant eggplant parmigiana . it is so good.
rep-1106	hey, tell me about yourself?	i work out a lot; i am a bodybuilder . how about you?	hey, tell me about yourself?	i work out a lot; i am a bodybuilder . how about you?	i love to read and cook . my wife and i are republicans and we have kids .	that is cool, i have got a brother but no kids yet .	what do you do for a living?	just bodybuilding on on youtube and stuff . what do you do?
rep-1107	hi , how are you doing today ?	hey , i am doing good . how about you ? what are you up to ?	hi , how are you doing today ?	hey , i am doing good . how about you ? what are you up to ?	just having a glass of iced tea after a long day . what do you like to drink ?	maybe a nice glass of wine while i finish my eggplant parmigiana for dinner .	sounds yummy are you a vegetarian ?	no , not really . are you ? if i leave some food , my dog charlie will eat it .	no , but many pf my friends from canada are vegan . i love dogs .	i will take my dog to visit my folks in australia soon . will be interesting .	sounds like fun . brisbane ? queensland ?	sydney . i will go there after the stock markets slow down for winter .	great idea . what kind of dog is charlie ?	charlie is an old boxer . have had him for years .	perfect . i think he will love the trip . i may get a dog when i am older .	they are good companions . my brother and sister love charlie too .	my siblings my siblings my siblings my siblings my siblings my siblings live in canada . are yours here or in sydney ?
rep-1108	good morning? do you have any jobs	good afternoon from pennsylvania . i am currently a medical scribe preparing to apply to medical school .	good morning? do you have any jobs	good afternoon from pennsylvania . i am currently a medical scribe preparing to apply to medical school .	oh, i thought you had an idea of a vacancy any were	where are you currently from?	am from the state of of of of of of ohio
rep-1109	hello . i like the outdoors, particularly the arctic .	i actually live in oklahoma and love the outdoors too .	hello . i like like like like like like the outdoors, particularly the arctic.
rep-1110	hey , how are you doing ? want some granola ?	sure ! i am starring in a play i wrote . can you sing or skate ? i can .	hey , how are you doing ? want some granola ?	sure ! i am starring in a play i wrote . can you sing or skate ? i can .	i can cut hairs . that is mostly it .	hmmm . interesting . i model gloves and sing sappy jingles . i surf too . you surf ?	i like my fish babies , and their fancy fish house .	wow ! i am leaving virginia to move to ny next year . i am from california . you ?	it is a secret . i want to keep my sons safe .	okay . you would be a great voice over actor . what color are the fish the fish the fish the fish ?
rep-1111	hello . how are you this evening?	i am doing fine . you?	hello . how are you this evening?	i am doing fine . you?	doing very well, thank you . you male or female . i am a guy .	good to hear . i am a girl .	cool . how old are you? i am 40 .	let me see, i have been forgetting! i am 30 .	ah . single? kids? i have one child and i am divorced .	i am single . i have not dated a lot until recently .	i see . i do not like sitting still . do you?	i am the same way . i work a lot to keep myself busy .	i hear ya . i really enjoy building things with my hands .	that sounds cool . i typically just enjoy cleaning .	i do not like cleaning at all .	it is definitely not for everyone .	no it it it it it is not . dishes is the worst!
rep-1112	good evening , what is new with you ?	not much . i went to an amusement park an amusement park an amusement park an amusement park an amusement park an amusement park today , you ?
rep-1113	hi ! what are you up to ? i am listening to some rap while studying	hi , i am lucy . just getting ready for another day at the office	hi ! what are you up to ? i am listening to some rap while studying	hi , i am lucy . just getting ready for another day at the office	what do you do at the office ? i am studying to be a teacher	i am a secretary a secretary . that is neat , what subject do you want to teach
rep-1114	hi how are you doing	very good, how are you today?	hi how are you doing	very good, how are you today?	i am good just made breakfast	yummy! i love to cook, but that makes me unhappy about my weight	oh that is too bad you should find some yummy healthy recipes	yes i should, but my three kids like junk food lol	haha of course they do maybe sneak in healthy things in their dinner	it is hard to eat together, since i work days and my husband works overnights	oh wow that sounds like a busy schedule	do you have any pets? we have cats, which we love	no but i want to get a dog	that would be nice, i love dogs too .	yeah they they they they they they are really great but can sometimes be a lot of work
rep-1115	do you want to go to the gym with me?	no i am just on my lunch break	do you want to go to the gym with me?	no i am just on my lunch break	i like being alone anyway .	i might be good company my english is getting better	you already rejected me though .	just for the gym whats going on latter?	drinking some some some some water alone probably.
rep-1116	hi i am from wisconsin and i do management consulting .	hello , i am a web designer .	hi i am from wisconsin and i do management consulting .	hello , i am a web designer .	in wisconsin i enjoy the cold and snow . do you like the snow ?	no , i do not . i like it hot .	what work do you do ?	i am a web designer , i do coding for several country musicians .	nice . i love the band metallica . you must be newly out of college ?	yes , i am . i only listen to country .	i want to move south , but i will miss the snow .	i hate snow , i am so glad i made the move .	i want to move south , but i will miss the snow .	where at in the south ? i am in florida .	i want to move south , but i will miss the snow the snow the snow the snow .
rep-1117	hello i like to travel .	hello, how are you tonight? i do too and love to cook .	hello i like to travel .	hello, how are you tonight? i do too and love to cook .	i would love to see europe .	i would would would would would would too, i am knitting tiny hats for the babies in the icu
rep-1118	hello, how is it going?	hi, i love riding horses on the beach . you?	hello, how is it going?	hi, i love riding horses on the beach . you?	oh, i m just a simple cat person	oh okay . my has his own car store . you have any friends?	my husband is my best friend, but he works nights	you on a diet? i am . beaches are fun .	how did you know know? i am trying so hard to lose weight
rep-1119	hey do you like dancing ?	love it . that is the one thing i miss since graduating college . you ?	hey do you like dancing ?	love it . that is the one thing i miss since graduating college . you ?	i love dancing ! what did you take in college ?	nursing . it was super hard because i spent a lot of time playing soccer too .	wow that sounds like a lot to balance out . were you any good at soccer ?	yes , i was great . do you play sports ?	if fishing counts . i fish on edris island where i live	how cool . i wish i had time . i am stuck in an office all day	aw you should try to make a trip sometime .	hopefully . whats your name ?	my name is sam you ?	lucy ! like the tv show . nice to meet you	nice to meet you too . do you have any pets ?	no , since i just graduated i have not had time to adopt any . you ?	yes i have a dog , he is a husky and his name his name is ralph !
rep-1120	hey how are you doing?	i am good . how are you?	hey how are you doing?	i am good . how are you?	great just practicing with my bluegrass bandmates	are you a professional musician?	i play bluegrass on the weekends, high school work otherwise	that is a fun hobby . does your family enjoy your music?	yes it is different than what i used to do . retired olympian skater	that is a change! i was in engineering but after college i switched to writing .	since i was homeschooled for skating purposes, i worked at hollister in my teens	did your parents homeschool you?	yes yes they did . it was easier with my skating passion
rep-1121	i divorced doug, gave up my kids and killed the cat . hi, name is john .	hi john . jessie here . i am from canada . where are you from?	i divorced doug, gave up my kids and killed the cat . hi, name is john .	hi john . jessie here . i am from canada . where are you from?	get out! i make and sell jewelry online . i am from new york . you married?	just recently to my high school sweetheart . we are both 19 .	hi jessie . you sing? you married young huh? any pets?	oh, i love to sing in the shower country mostly . what music do you like?	jazz . whats your spouse name jessie? i am 40 .	oh, my husband alex likes jazz .	i see . i hate to sit still so i dance . you dance jessie?	no, not really . i only dance if i drink . mostly, i stick to iced tea, though .	wow! hmmm . can alex build anything with his hands? i can .	what kinds of things do you like to build?	jewelry . you and alex have kids?	not yet . we are waiting for the right time . how many kids do you have?	i had two two two two two . my ex has custody and i sing in the shower . alex sing?
rep-1122	hello , how are you tonight ?	i am fine and you let us chat and get to know about each other some .	hello , how are you tonight ?	i am fine and you let us chat and get to know about each other some .	what do you do for a living ? any food allergies ?	my employment is working with old people in nursing units .	i am a dog groomer , the one who purples and pinks poodles .	i have two dogs and a black and white cat love animals .	i love collecting antiques and plates .	great that is a cool hobby i love caring for old and young people .	that sounds lovely , i do not do volunteer work yet , too busy .	that is fine i like riding my bike in the mountains the mountains .
rep-1123	hi . just finished plying a round of second life . what are you up to today ?	listening to hip hop music .	hi . just finished plying a round of second life second life second life . what are you up to today ?
rep-1124	hello , how are you tonight ?	i am ok considering recovering from surgery yesterday . how are you ?	hello , how are you tonight ?	i am ok considering recovering from surgery yesterday . how are you ?	i am well , listening to bach and contemplating dinner .	dinner sounds good . if i was not walking on these crutches i could cook	oh no , what did you do ?	i had surgery on my leg yesterday . i hurt it in a car accident	i am so sorry to hear that , at least you were not injured badly .	now it will be a while before i can play frisbee with my dogs	how many do you have ?	i really like playing frisbee with them but now it will be a while .	maybe you can modify it for them .	2 huge great danes . they can reach the stove but they cant cook	aw . i bet they are adorable .	doctor said i need protein so i eat sardines every day for breakfast	that is disgusting . my dad my dad my dad my dad my dad used to eat those with crackers .
rep-1125	hi there how are you doing?	hey how is it going?	hi there how are you doing?	hey how is it going?	good just relaxing i was actually physically active today and i hate it	you do not like to move around	not really i mostly enjoy long long long long long long walks to the fridge lol
rep-1126	hey there how are you today?	i am great how are are you?
rep-1127	hey there , are you a fellow student ?	no i am not . i graduated in may . you ?	hey there , are you a fellow student ?	no i am not . i graduated in may . you ?	i am still a student , although struggling . congrats on graduating	thank you . how old are you ?	i am a 40 year old student . engaged to my live in girlfriend . u in relationship ?	i am 24 , i was with my ex for 4 years , he is engaged with another one .	bummer . fave things fave things ? mine are my dog , max , and traveling and adventuring .
rep-1128	hello, do you like tupac?	i love tupac . he is great to listen to while weightlifting .	hello, do you like tupac?	i love tupac . he is great to listen to while weightlifting .	i listen to him while playing tennis and running .	that sounds bold . you remind me of theodore roosevelt . who do you look up to?	indiana jones . i want to be just like him .	i used to act out his movies at home with my sister .	my friends and i do that as well . it is so fun .	we should get together and act . we could pretend to rescue rabbits for my blog .	i have a blog as well, a photography one .	maybe i have seen it . my sister helps me distinguish red from green .	oh, you are color blind . my cousin is as well .	oh, coincidence! it is weird looking at a picture of tim mcgraw differently than others .	who is tim mcgraw? is he a writer?	he is a country singer, but i bet he would write a great blog .	i do not listen to country . i am a rap girl .	do you have an online presence presence presence presence presence presence? do you compete?
rep-1129	good morning , how are you today ?	i am fine thank you how is your day going ?	good morning , how are you today ?	i am fine thank you how is your day going ?	very well . just got my kid sister to school , now on to the gym .	that is nice of you do you work out often or in your spare time ?	i am a body builder , and a blogger . what do you do ?	i am a stay at home mom	nothing wrong with that . kids are draining .	i do not mind i always wanted a full house	i have a full house of rabbits . my favorite is teddy , after the president .	that is a great name , i take it your single	i am , not too many guys want a girl who is raising a sibling .	i do not know about that i always dreamed of big family	i always dreamed about marrying tim mcgraw tim mcgraw tim mcgraw !
rep-1130	hi there . how are you	hi i am great, how are you?	hi there . how are you	hi i am great, how are you?	i am good . just finished my paranormal romance book	was it scary, thrilling and interesting?	all of the above . that is why i love them	i love romantic and humorous books, i have not tried paranormal .	the paranormal are just awesome . but i am also a medium .	ok the genre makes sense now . how long have you been a medium?	about ten years . but looking back, a lot longer . just did not realize it	wow that is so amazing, what is your favorite hobby?	trying to get space from my sisters . lol . even grown ya cant shake em	lol lol lol have you ever done a reading for them or yourself?
rep-1131	hi ! what is your name ?	amanda . what do they call you ?	hi ! what is your name ?	amanda . what do they call you ?	hi amanda . i am lucy . what are you up to ?	enjoying a much needed night off with my pup . you ?	sounds fun . i am getting things ready for work tomorrow .	cool beans . where are you working ?	i work as a secretary . how about you ?	er nurse , and still not good enough for my dad lol .	oh man , that stinks . are you into any sports at all ?	not really . no time no time no time with my schedule . you ?
rep-1132	how are you doing today ?	i am great ! how are you doing on this fine evening ?	how are you doing today ?	i am great ! how are you doing on this fine evening ?	good . just eating some pizza on my night off .	cool . i only eat kosher meat so i have to make my own pizzas .	homemade pizzas are the best . what kind what kind what kind what kind of work do you do ?
rep-1133	hey, tell me about yourself?	hi there! want to play some poker? i love it!	hey, tell me about yourself?	hi there! want to play some poker? i love it!	i would love to! my sisters and brother sand i have a family game going online .	we cant drink alcohol while playing, though . i quit 5 years back .	that is a healthy decision .	my wife and 3 boys would skin me alive!	charlie, my dog, just stole my dinner and ran off! it was eggplant, my favorite .	i am so busy doing carpentry that i do not meet many people as friends .	i hear you . i miss my parents back in australia .	wow! get back here, charlie! are you vegetarian?	not fully but i do not eat meat that often .	i see . so your from australia?	i am . i moved to the states to be a stock broker broker broker broker.
rep-1134	did you pull your tag on elk this year? i have been spotting up by the wolf ridge .	i actually was not able to get an elk tag this season .	did you pull pull pull pull pull pull your tag on elk this year? i have been spotting up by the wolf ridge.
rep-1135	hello , what are you up to ?	hi , not doing much . recovering my brother wedding was saturday	hello , what are you up to ?	hi , not doing much . recovering my brother wedding was saturday	how was it ? i am about to eat some steak	it was too much fun ! steak sounds good	i just grilled it . what do you do for fun ?	i like board games . how about you	camping and hiking are my favorite	i used to go camping in arizona , that is why named my cat arizona	cool name . i do not have any pets any pets any pets any pets
rep-1136	hello how are you tonight?	good evening, i swear i am exhausted	hello how are you tonight?	good evening, i swear i am exhausted	me too, i just got back from walking . i love walking in the crips air	in the crips? like books? my name jordan by the way also	sorry crisp air, helps when i travel	oh i got it now like animals? or have any?	several, they love to eat the veggies out of my large garden	cool, i am a vet, i love live music on the weekend	i am a biology teacher, i love music helps me relax between papers	really? i do also an i read	traveling is something i love to do in the summer time on my down time .	that is cool i stay in florida but from cali	i have been to six countries, we try to hit a different me each year	a different you? like games? i like xbox games	good thing i do do do not teach spelling i cannot seem to tonight
rep-1137	greetings ! how are you doing today ?	am well just at the beach sun warming	greetings ! how are you doing today ?	am well just at the beach sun warming	are you employed ? army is my employer right now .	yes am a personal secretary to mr . gregor	puerto rico is my birth place . what about yours ?	oklahoma is my place of birth	i am in south korea south korea south korea south korea south korea south korea serving right now . have you been here ?
rep-1138	hey how are you today	hello, my leg is really giving me pain today .	hey how are you today	hello, my leg is really giving me pain today .	i am sorry hope you feel better soon .	thank you . what are you doing?	getting ready to take my wife and kids to dinner	i am just about to cook dinner; what what what what will you order?
rep-1139	hello, have you had dinner yet?	i did, salad and and and and water.
rep-1140	hi how are you today	good, how are you? i just just just just just just finished reading a new drama book
rep-1141	hey there good night	hi there what are you up to	hey there good night	hi there what are you up to	just getting this extra money since i work at kfc	o ok nothing like making a lil extra the good thing in todays day you can	yes so true i am happy about that , like to run ?	yea here and there i am more into crafts	that is cool , i dropped out of school	well my son my son is homeschooled s he has no choice lol
rep-1142	hello, how are you today?	hi . i am fine . my parents would be mad if they knew i was up .	hello, how are you today?	hi . i am fine . my parents would be mad if they knew i was up .	that is funny, do you read drama like me?	i do not read much, but i do listen to pink floyd .	i like them almost as much as video games	i love video games! what 14 year old does not? what do you do?	i an a doctor for animals	i really like dogs . not cats . allergies .	i i i i i hate allergies they are the worst.
rep-1143	hello . how are you doing today?	doing well! washing dishes after work . what about you?	hello . how are you doing today?	doing well! washing dishes after work . what about you?	thankfully not doing that! my best friend does those . he is a robot robot.
rep-1144	hello hope you are enjoying your autumn so far	hello how are you? i currently go to college what about you?	hello hope you are enjoying your autumn so far	hello how are you? i currently go to college what about you?	i went to college long ago in bora bora	that is so cool . are you single? my girl resides with me .	i am single but live my girl and pet turtle	that is awesome . any other pets? my pups name is max .	i have a dog and we play frisbee together	how nice . what did you go to school for? i am going for law .	i studied history and political science . law is very interesting .	wow are you democratic? tell me about bora bora i love sightseeing and trying fun things .	i am democratic . bora bora is is is a beautiful place my parents live there . do you travel much?
rep-1145	hello , how are you doing ?	i am doing great today and you ?	hello , how are you doing ?	i am doing great today and you ?	i am great , loving italian food now and forever !	going to walk my dog soon . do you have one ?	yeah , my dog and i like to sing in a choir	my wife and i just had a baby boy . do you have kids ?	no , , but i work in a program that helps and mentors teens	first time dad over here . team no sleep .	awesome , did you ever play softball ? i love it	yes , i played a little company a little company a little company a little company softball
rep-1146	hello how are you doing today ?	not too bad . a little sad , but such is life .	hello how are you doing today ?	not too bad . a little sad , but such is life .	why are you sad today did something happen ?	just need to lose some weight . having 3 kids 3 kids 3 kids will do that .
rep-1147	hi i am joanna . i sing blues professionally	oh that is cool . i can do your hair before a show . hair stylist here haha	hi i am joanna . i sing blues professionally	oh that is cool . i can do your hair before a show . hair stylist here haha	great! i do work on my fathers hobby farm in my spare time	oh that sounds like hard work . can i bring all 3 of my dogs to the farm?	sure! my mom teaches music . i discovered in her class that i had singing talent	oh wow . i gotta ta hear you sing one day haha
rep-1148	hello, i have been busy singing karaoke; what are you doing?	i am good busy with 2 part time jobs	hello, i have been busy singing karaoke; what are you doing?	i am good busy with 2 part time jobs	well, i understand the need for money .	yeah i wannawrite book someday	that sounds like a neat idea . i was in the army and consider telling my stories .	i wannawrite fantasy but for now i will just was lord of the rings	i do not watch much television .	i tend too where i get ideas from from
rep-1149	hello, i am a sports nut, just love soccer, and you?	i like playing sports like racquetball, but not watching so much .	hello, i am a sports nut, just love soccer, and you?	i like playing sports like racquetball, but not watching so much .	i am a tv sports addict, unfortunately my fiancee hates sports . could be a problem .	my fiance is into hard rock, i like oldies, but we make it work .	i was the high school jock who did everything, then no sports in college .	they played in the school band . do you play any instruments?	nope, neurosurgeon, no music, i focused on school so i could graduate with honors .	i should have! i slacked off ended up being a administrative assistant . do you have kids?	i like to polka, its fun and my fiancee and i get lots of exercise .	i am going to have a polka band play when i retire in 5 years!	sounds like fun, i will come dance when you play music .	tell me more about yourself so i can recognize you there!	red hair, glasses . my fiancee is a beauty, she is with me for my money .	lol . . . you are a interesting person, it has been nice to meet you!	you too, it has been fun chatting with with with with you.
rep-1150	did you pull your tag on elk this year ? i have been spotting up by the wolf ridge .	i actually was not able to get an elk tag this season .	did you pull your tag on elk this year ? i have been spotting up by the wolf ridge .	i actually was not able to get an elk tag this season .	what are you going to do instead ?	i might go and see metallica with the money instead .	that is epic ! i have an opportunity if you are interested .	what kind of opportunity do you have ?	i have a company that rents property . we could use another handyman you game ?	i would be willing to help ! i also have management experience from my job .	that will help ! do you have any allergies ?	nope , i am not allergic to anything ! you ?	shell fish will be the death of me . do you have any hobbies ?	i love doing anything outside , especially in the snow ! what about you ?	i restore cars and hunt its the best ! !	those are pretty cool hobbies pretty cool hobbies pretty cool hobbies pretty cool hobbies ! do you have any siblings ?
rep-1151	hi, how are you doing?	hello! i am well . being shy in class	hi, how are you doing?	hello! i am well . being shy in class	i just got back from the gym!	oh wow! i am too shy to go to the gym . where do you go?	well, i swim every day too	how many laps do you do? i stay on my computer because i work all day	i do only 10 laps	wow! i build model spaceships and we launch them from pools .	is that fun to do?	its okay! it was very hard to get my degree in computer science .	yeah, i bet it was!	now i just play a lot of games .	what kind of games do you play?	fantasy videogames!! do you like them them?
rep-1152	hey , tell me about yourself ?	i work out a lot ; i am a bodybuilder . how about you ?	hey , tell me about yourself ?	i work out a lot ; i am a bodybuilder . how about you ?	i love to read and cook . my wife and i are republicans and we have kids .	that is cool , i have got a brother but no kids no kids no kids yet .
rep-1153	hello there , how are you ?	hi there ! i am well , and you ?	hello there , how are you ?	hi there ! i am well , and you ?	i am doing just fine . studying for a test i have coming up .	ooh what sort of test ? i want to go to school to be a chef a chef a chef
rep-1154	hi , how is it going ?	very well , thank you . i am getting ready to make dinner . how are you ?	hi , how is it going ?	very well , thank you . i am getting ready to make dinner . how are you ?	pretty good , just finished up working for the day the day the day the day , looking forward to dinner
rep-1155	hello, how are you doing this afternoon?	i am doing great, how are you?	hello, how are you doing this afternoon?	i am doing great, how are you?	i am well, thank you! i am listening to oldies . i love this genre .	i am a metallica fan, myself . ready for winter?	i am! i love winter! i like summer too . . . trying new bbq restaurants .	winter winter winter winter is my favorite, i love running in the snow.
rep-1156	how are you doing today ?	i m good i just spent time with my family	how are you doing today ?	i m good i just spent time with my family	well , i was listening taylor swift !	is that what you need your free time listen to music i read for my	yeah , i also ride horses	i do you bake cookies homemade for my kids	how many kids how many kids how many kids how many kids how many kids how many kids do you have
rep-1157	i am drunk on scotch right now , you ?	i cannot afford alcohol . i can barely afford to pay my other bills each month .	i am drunk on scotch right now , you ?	i cannot afford alcohol . i can barely afford to pay my other bills each month .	i use to work at the local carnival , i can understand a tight budget a tight budget a tight budget
rep-1158	hey there . . how are you doing today?	great! just grading some papers and throwing some things in the crock pot .	hey there . . how are you doing today?	great! just grading some papers and throwing some things in the crock pot .	nice! i just finished feeding my fish . . . i collect exotic fish btw	very cool! my daughter wants a fish tank tank tank!
rep-1159	hi . how are you ? sittin on the beach myself .	hello , i am ok just hanging out here . do you have pets ?	hi . how are you ? sittin on the beach myself .	hello , i am ok just hanging out here . do you have pets ?	no , no pets . but i loves horses , they are my favorite .	i work as a carpenter , stay at home mostly . kinda a loner	i like to build things . my pops sell cars but that is not for me .	i can not see my self as a salesman not good at socializing	i feel ya on that . i have social anxiety . hate going out .	i use to drink a lot and since i quit so did my friends	that is a good thing a good thing a good thing to quit . that is a biased opinion though .
rep-1160	hello there . where are you from ?	i am from canada . how about you ?	hello there . where are you from ?	i am from canada . how about you ?	interesting . i am from pennsylvania in the us .	wow , how is it there ?	it is okay . nothing special !	do you get into politics ?	sometime . i try to be well rounded in discussion .	i love to listen to debates .	which presidential candidate from the past did you enjoy listening to most ?	i like listening to hilary clinton	yes , her debates last year were very interesting .	do you like computers or anything like that ?	i do . i am somewhat interested .	what do you like about them ?	i am fascinated their ability their ability their ability their ability to do so many things more efficiently than a human can .
rep-1161	hi ! what do you have planned for dinner ?	we ate way earlier . always by 630 . how about you ?	hi ! what do you have planned for dinner ?	we ate way earlier . always by 630 . how about you ?	italian is my favorite so i am thinking along those lines .	sounds yummy ! do you work tomorrow ?	no . so i think i will read a book a book a book a book a book a book . probably about traveling .
rep-1162	good morning . how are you ?	i am alright , how are you ?	good morning good morning good morning . how are you ?
rep-1163	its fall its fall its fall ! finally time for the snow to come ! !
rep-1164	hello, how is your night going?	going well, what do you do for a living?	hello, how is your night going?	going well, what do you do for a living?	i am very young, but hope to be a professional dancer someday .	that is cool . what kind of dance?	modern dance and ballet are my favorite . do you dance too?	no, i am really into nutrition and fitness though .	oh nice . my father used to be very into fitness as well . do you play sports sports sports sports sports sports?
rep-1165	hello ! i am getting my girls ready for school . you ?	hi ! i am getting my family ready . takes a while since there is four of us .	hello ! i am getting my girls ready for school . you ?	hi ! i am getting my family ready . takes a while since there is four of us .	there are 4 of us too . me and my 3 girls . their dad is my ex	i also attend school . what are you going to school for ?	i am a teacher just like my mother was	awesome ! music is what i am studying since i like it so much .	i enjoy music too . heart is my favorite band	i saw them in concert . could not see much since i am only five feet .	haha my firefighter dad would have been able to hold you on his shoulders	did you come from a big family ? it is just me , parents and a sibling a sibling a sibling a sibling .
rep-1166	hi i work as a arctic explorer i used to be a geology teacher	hi i am retired i use to be a banker	hi i work as a arctic explorer i used to be a geology teacher	hi i am retired i use to be a banker	cool its fun its fun its fun its fun its fun its fun to ice fish have you ever done that ?
rep-1167	hi, what do you do?	i just graduated . working at a fast food joint now .	hi, what do you do?	i just graduated . working at a fast food joint now .	nice, do you like music? whenever i am not working i listen to music	what kind of music? i just work to help my aunt and uncle out .	mostly rap, i like a lot of art	do you draw? where do you live?	i live in rochester boston, where mark walk berg is from	do you work anywhere? i am thinking about going to college soon .	go to college, they loved me there since i was only 5 feet tall	cool . my parents kicked me out because i would not cut my hair and shave .	wow that is not good . i love shaving but i hate wearing sandals	i have to stay with my aunt and uncle . my job made made me shave though.
rep-1168	hi, i was a geology teacher awhile ago, please tell me something interesting about you	hey there what you up up up too
rep-1169	hey there how are you today ?	i am doing good . so tell me where you are from ?	hey there how are you today ?	i am doing good . so tell me where you are from ?	i am from new york . i am in college soon .	i love new york . i stay in texas . what are your hobbies ?	my hobbies are fashion an clothes !	fashion is cool . i am an avid gamer playing second life .	awesome ! what is second life second life second life second life second life ? never heard of it
rep-1170	i just finish what i usually enjoy doing mills cooking	that is good . what is mills cooking ?	i just finish what i usually enjoy doing mills cooking	that is good . what is mills cooking ?	sorry for the typo it s meal	i am not really into cooking . i like fashion ! i love to clothes and shopping !	the interesting part is i got the ingredients from my garden	i do not really do that kind of stuff . i am only 17 .	so you probably don t know jan them over	no i do not . i am going to graduate high school in june .	i meant john denver is my favorite	i do not know who he is ?	he is a musician i listen to his music while i m doing work out	that is cool . i love listening to music in my volkswagen beetle .	that car is nice to drive in a ranch i grew up in the horses the horses the horses ranch
rep-1171	hello , how are you tonight ?	terrible , my father was just imprisoned for being a corrupt police officer a corrupt police officer .
rep-1172	hello, how are you tonight?	i am fine and you let us chat and get to know about each other some .	hello, how are you tonight?	i am fine and you let us chat and get to know about each other some .	what do you do for a living? any food allergies?	my employment is working with old people in nursing units .	i am a dog groomer, the one who purples and pinks poodles .	i have two dogs and a black and white cat love animals .	i love collecting antiques and plates .	great that is a cool hobby i love caring for old and young people .	that sounds lovely, i do not do volunteer work yet, too busy .	that is fine i like riding my bike in the mountains .	i like surfing when i get the chance .	that sounds so exciting i have never went surfing .	i grew up on the ocean, it is second nature to me .	the ocean is beautiful i grew up in the big city .	i would not have liked that at all . the ocean was in in in my back yard.
rep-1173	good morning ? do you have any jobs	good afternoon from pennsylvania . i am currently a medical scribe preparing to apply to medical school .	good morning ? do you have any jobs	good afternoon from pennsylvania . i am currently a medical scribe preparing to apply to medical school .	oh , i thought you had an idea of a vacancy any were	where are you currently from ?	am from the state the state the state the state the state the state of ohio
rep-1174	hi how are you today	i am great, how are you?	hi how are you today	i am great, how are you?	pretty good do you work	i am in publishing, heading to nyc next year for my job	do you get your nails done?	i do, i keep them short though because i skate	are you a pro skater then	no, but i still enjoy it as a hobby . what do you do?	just ride my horses around do do you
rep-1175	hi , i am a female and 22 years old , what about you ?	i am a little older . old enough to have two boys	hi , i am a female and 22 years old , what about you ?	i am a little older . old enough to have two boys	nice , do they listen to you ?	not a chance . but i am still in charge	nice , do you hangout with friends , i love hanging out with friends	when i can . if i have time to myself i like to go for hikes	nice i also like sports a lot and staying active	that is very good for you . as an accountant an accountant i sit far too much
rep-1176	did you pull your tag on elk this year? i have been spotting up by the wolf ridge .	i actually was not able to get an elk tag this season .	did you pull your tag on elk this year? i have been spotting up by the wolf ridge .	i actually was not able to get an elk tag this season .	what are you going to do instead?	i might go and see metallica with the money instead .	that is epic! i have an opportunity if you are interested .	what kind of opportunity do you have?	i have a company that rents property . we could use another handyman you game?	i would be willing to help! i also have management experience from my job .	that will help! do you have any allergies allergies allergies allergies allergies allergies?
rep-1177	hi there . how are you	i am good . just got back from a run a run a run a run .
rep-1178	hi how are you?	i feel fat today actually	hi how are you?	i feel feel feel feel fat today actually
rep-1179	hi, i love beef, chicken and pork . you?	hi how are you doing? yes i like to eat beef chicken and pork .	hi, i love beef, chicken and pork . you?	hi how are you doing? yes i like to eat beef chicken and pork .	great! my dad has retired .	my best seasonal holiday is celebrating christmas . oh he will be okay .	you think? my mothers is an aide that eats meats .	i like having three dogs love animals i used to aide .	i see . one time i made a unicorn cry . i told her we like meat .	i love being a hair stylist poor unicorn that is so funny .	get out! i do my hair too! i like camping with friends . you?	i like looking at football games on sundays yes hair is cool .	great! i like hiking in mountains with no lions . you sing?	great i bet you do beautiful hair styles yes i sing lovely .	yes i do . i do moms hair all the time . you happy?	not really happy but we have to hang in there and do our best .	right! my dad says you have to define happy to be happy . you agree?	it has been a pleasure chatting chatting chatting chatting chatting chatting with you good people god bless yes i agree.
rep-1180	hello, how are you doing?	i am great, just sitting at work . how are you	hello, how are you doing?	i am great, just sitting at work . how are you	fine, where do you work?	i am a real estate agent, how about you	i work with troubled teens teens teens teens.
rep-1181	hey there how are you i seen a spider an cried i hate snakes too	i am good . yikes i hate spiders too	hey there how are you i seen a spider an cried i hate snakes too	i am good . yikes i hate spiders too	yes i hate them , married ? i am not with no kids	nope and no kids either . i love my horses like kids	really ? my parents died 2 years ago	sorry to hear that ! must be hard	yes it is they died in accident , i also am a writer	i am hoping retire soon maybe i can write then	oh what are you retiring from ?	construction , my left leg hurts every day	wow why ? i am a engineer	just from all years all years all years all years pouring concrete . what kind engineer
rep-1182	how are you? being an old man, i am slowing down these days	hi, my dad is old as well, they live close to me and i see them often	how are you? being an old man, i am slowing down these days	hi, my dad is old as well, they live close to me and i see them often	that is a great thing honor your dad with your presence	sure, i pick him up for church every sunday with my ford pickup	sounds wonderful my wheelchair can go very fast on various terrains	i guess that that that means you do not go hunting often? i love hunting, i own 3 guns
rep-1183	hi i am joanna . i sing blues professionally	oh that is cool . i can do your hair before a show . hair stylist here haha	hi i am joanna . i sing blues professionally	oh that is cool . i can do your hair before a show . hair stylist here haha	great ! i do work on my fathers hobby farm hobby farm in my spare time
rep-1184	hello how are you today	not too bad, eating a ribeye at the moment	hello how are you today	not too bad, eating a ribeye at the moment	sounds good, i love steak	i love it almost as much as the sound system i have in my truck	yeah its great i go to the gym 3 times a week	i prefer hiking and camping, cardio at the gym is so boring	i have a lot lot lot of free time being single and living alone
rep-1185	hey there how are you ?	hello , i am doing great today what about you ?	hey there how are you ?	hello , i am doing great today what about you ?	i am well just tired , all the little ones in my class are busy	i am thinking about riding my bike tomorrow after work .	really ? cool have any pets ? i do .	i volunteered today at the homeless shelter . i like helping others .	that is sweet of you , i just got out of college 2 years ago	wow , just 2 years ago , i have grown children that have completed college	i still have roommates here in seattle	i hear it rains a lot out there	lol yes i am young	two dogs two dogs two dogs and one cat in the house keep me busy
rep-1186	hello , my name my name my name is jonas , how are you doing today ?
rep-1187	hi how are you today	i am well , studying for an exam	hi how are you today	i am well , studying for an exam	for college or for what ?	yes college . working on a degree in marine biology	nice i love fish and that stuff	sounds fun , unlike kids my age my age my age my age my age i do not drink , smoke or party
rep-1188	hi how are you today ?	great . and how are you doing	hi how are you today ?	great . and how are you doing	i am well great at multi tasking are you ? i like to use trash for projects	having just one leg , i have to be good at multi tasking	i do not know but my toes bother me	sorry to hear that . my wheel chair is super fast	since they are webbed an i am 5 foot	i knew someone with webbed feet in the military the military the military
rep-1189	hello . how are you tonight ? long day of advertising .	advertising ? that sounds easy . i am a social worker dealing with at risk youth .	hello . how are you tonight ? long day of advertising .	advertising ? that sounds easy . i am a social worker dealing with at risk youth .	so you do something good . i travel abroad a lot and advertise the underground city night life .	that sounds cool . these kids drive me nuts .	it is an odd job for a jewish north dakota boy to do , but yes cool .	wow ! jewish people live in north dakota ! what else do you do ?	right ? haha . i play bass in a metal band . how about you ? hobbies ?	oh cool ! i sing in a choir ! i also play softball	at least you are active ! what position ? i played outfield in high school	it helps with the work stress . i played second base . do you like to cook ?	i love to cook . i make a mean baked chicken ! haha	ooh , i love italian food , especially lasagna especially lasagna especially lasagna especially lasagna especially lasagna . do you have a favorite ?
rep-1190	how are you tonight? are you interested in fitness?	i am great, how are you? i like to workout .	how are you tonight? are you interested in fitness?	i am great, how are you? i like to workout .	i am doing well . i put on a lot of weight, so now i work out regularly .	while i am still young i am building up my muscle .	fortunately, i have a house on the beach, so i get to swim daily .	my down fall is that i love tea .	well, tea is more healthy than a lot of things . what do you do for work?	i do web design and and and and and what do you do?
rep-1191	hi i am a bit shy but it is nice to meet you	i met alot of shy people when i studied abroad it is ok	hi i am a bit shy but it is nice to meet you	i met alot of shy people when i studied studied studied studied abroad it is ok
rep-1192	hello how are you this evening?	hello good i start my first in college next year	hello how are you this evening?	hello good i start my first in college next year	awesome! i plan on starting hairdresser school	my parent are forcing me to become a doctor	being a doctor is good but do not like that youre being forced	since they brought me a volkswagen they been acting controlling	too bad . i have a fish aquarium with exotic fish its beautiful	cool . i love the mall and fashion	i also have a very neat vintage 50	what is a vintage 50	i pressed enter by mistake lol a vintage 50s collection of cool stuff	wow i would love to see that it sounds cool	yes . a bit of trivia about me . for breakfast i eat granola almost everyday	hmm . i just turned 17 and in my last last last last last last year of hs
rep-1193	hi , i enjoy bodybuilder , what do you do for fun ?	i like to be outdoors . hiking , camping , you know	hi , i enjoy bodybuilder , what do you do for fun ?	i like to be outdoors . hiking , camping , you know	do you eat a lot of meat outdoors ? like hunting ? i love meat	sometimes i will fish on my trips my trips my trips , but that is it .
rep-1194	hello , how is it going ?	hi , i love riding horses on the beach . you ?	hello , how is it going ?	hi , i love riding horses on the beach . you ?	oh , i m just a simple cat person	oh okay . my has his own car store . you have any friends ?	my husband is my best friend , but he works nights	you on a diet ? i am . beaches are fun .	how did you know ? i am trying so hard to lose weight	food is just like drugs . you have to say no !	yeah , sadly i am not very good at saying no . i m even a good cook	therein lies the problem . i ride horses to exercise . you exercise ?	i try to go to the gym every once in a while	oh okay . my dad sells cars . you need a car a car a car a car a car a car ?
rep-1195	hey like , how s it going	good and how are you today ?	hey like , how s it going	good and how are you today ?	i m really good , just got back from practice	what kind of practice do you do ?	i do tae kwan do , my dad is my instructor	very cool . i am a real estate agent .	have you sold any houses lately ?	yes , lots . i have two kids in kindergarten so i am busy !	that s cool , i ve never met a real estate agent . i ve never moved	do you have any kids any kids any kids any kids ?
rep-1196	hey there like to workout ?	not really . i enjoy video games and reading mostly . do you workout ?	hey there like to workout ?	not really . i enjoy video games and reading mostly . do you workout ?	yes i do all the time	are you a bodybuilder ? what do you do for a living ?	no no body builder but i am a vegan	that is interesting . i am also a vegan and a vet . i love animals .	really wow , any siblings ? all i have is my dad an bro	a sister in california , where we grew up . i am in florida now . you ?	i like to listen to trap queen an gucci do you ?	yes ! i rap on the weekends myself too . my friends like country , boo .	really ? going to watch gucci get married tomorrow ? 10 17	i did not even know gucci was getting married . who to ?	keisha they are so cute together	do they have any kids together ?	no not yet i can not wait till they do	i bet they will be so cute . and their names will be off the hook the hook the hook the hook the hook the hook .
rep-1197	hi, what do you do?	i just graduated . working at a fast food joint now .	hi, what do you do?	i just graduated . working at a fast food joint now .	nice, do you like music? whenever i am not working i listen to music	what kind of music? i just work to help my aunt and uncle out .	mostly rap, i like a lot of art	do you draw? where do you live?	i live in rochester boston, where mark walk berg is from	do you work anywhere? i am thinking about going to college soon .	go to college, they loved me there since i was only 5 feet tall	cool . my parents kicked me out because i would not cut my hair and shave .	wow that is not good . i love shaving but i hate wearing sandals	i have to stay with my aunt and uncle . my job made me shave though .	what kind of job is it?	cooking fast food . totally dead end end . so hopefully college soon . saving up.
rep-1198	hello i am ray i am 20 years old	that is ironic, my dad is named ray . he lives with my mom in australia	hello i am ray i am 20 years old	that is ironic, my dad is named ray . he lives with my my my my mom in australia
rep-1199	good evening ! how are you today ?	i am fine i have to make sure all my babies all my babies all my babies all my babies all my babies all my babies are healthy
rep-1200	hi, do you know how to sew or nit? i enjoy making my clothing by myself	hi! no, but 2 of my 3 sisters do know how .	hi, do you know how to sew or nit? i enjoy making my clothing by myself	hi! no, but 2 of my 3 sisters do know how .	i recently went on a walk and saw how dirty my environment is, this concerns me .	i contribute to the dirtiness . i party a lot when my band is not playing a gig .	nice, i am more reserved, i just found a stray cat and adopted it	that is sweet . my band is popular . i am the lead singer in it .	nice, what kind of music?	rock . i like to be pumped up all the time .	i mostly like folk songs, my mother does not approve of rock	i have to make it big . i did not finish high school .	just join the army? they make good money, my mom is an army nurse	i would rather make it big big in music . it has always been my dream.
rep-1201	hi how are you today	good . tired , i was teaching kindergarten most of the day .	hi how are you today	good . tired , i was teaching kindergarten most of the day .	what is your party affiliation ?	i lean conservative . how about you ?	i am 100 republican	i have a husband and a child to think about . i voted party line .	yeah i also teach and stuff	very cool ! my kids i teach love my convertible mustang .	i have a lot of kids	right on . what grade what grade what grade what grade what grade do you teach ?
rep-1202	hi ! what is your name ?	amanda . what do they call you ?	hi ! what is your name your name your name ?
rep-1203	hello , how are you doing today ?	i am doing great . just having a few slices of bacon for breakfast . you ?	hello , how are you doing today ?	i am doing great . just having a few slices of bacon for breakfast . you ?	i am working on a paper for class . pulled an all nighter .	i did a lot of those when i was in school learning to be an engineer	engineer ? nice . i am going for biology .	that is a good subject a good subject a good subject a good subject a good subject to get into . do you speak any other languages ?
rep-1204	hey whats up? i just just got home from the gym.
rep-1205	janice here . what are you up to tonight ?	they call me big shirley . i love scary movies . you ?	janice here . what are you up to tonight ?	they call me big shirley . i love scary movies . you ?	well , i am more into sports than i am horror flicks .	i see . i workout lifting weights . you ?	i played a lot of sports in high school , but stopped when i started college .	i am a warehouse worker . i cook a great bbq .	i just graduated college and am still looking for a job .	keep your head up ! i work the forklift . what work what work do you do ?
rep-1206	hello, how are you tonight?	doing good . just got home from working at th factory .	hello, how are you tonight?	doing good . just got home from working at th factory .	i work in finance, like my parents who still reside in australia .	very cool . i grow violets in my garden . i love the color purple .	i have a springer spaniel named charlie, do you have pets?	i do . a poodle . we watch the buckeyes together every saturday .	i currently reside in ohio, they are a great team .	very cool! where in ohio?	halfway between akron and cleveland . where are you?	i am in florida right now .	i just came back from there . i was in jacksonville .	right on . i am in tampa right now .	my friend lives outside of tampa . lovely area . i am thinking of relocating there .	i love it here . and the weather is cooling now .	it is freezing here . i am sporting basic white white white white white girl attire, lol
rep-1207	hello . how are you doing ?	i am good . do you have any hobbies ?	hello . how are you doing ?	i am good . do you have any hobbies ?	yes i do . i like singing . how about you ?	i love the out doors like hiking and camping .	that is cool . are you single ? have any kids ?	nope , but my dad is retired .	ah , well single is my status . i do not want to have any kids .	i am more about myself as well . i love eating red meat .	yeah , i have a dream . it is to become an actress an actress an actress an actress an actress an actress .
rep-1208	hello, how are you? do you play poke?	hi . i am doing great thanks for asking . i do play poker sometimes .	hello, how are you? do you play poke?	hi . i am doing great thanks for asking . i do play poker sometimes .	it is so relaxing, i am stressed from from from from from from college . running does not always help relieve it.
rep-1209	hello , how are you today ?	hello i am doing well . hanging out with my dog pedro	hello , how are you today ?	hello i am doing well . hanging out with my dog pedro	what kind of dog is he ?	he is a yorkie . perfect size for me since i am only five feet tall .	how old is your dog ?	he is five . he likes to eat muffins like me .	do you take him to the dog park ?	yes , there is one at my job at the healthcare industry .	do you like your job ? i am in real estate .	yes . i also like film do you ?	i like movies about history .	so do i . i also like documentaries , do you ?	yes , i like most of them . as long as it is something i am interested in .	same here . anything else you want to share with me ?	sure , i like working on cars .	what kind what kind what kind what kind what kind of cars ? my car needs to get fixed . maybe you can find mine ?
rep-1210	hi how are you today	i am great , how are you ?	hi how are you today	i am great , how are you ?	pretty good do you work	i am in publishing , heading to nyc next year for my job	do you get your nails done ?	i do , i keep them short though because i skate	are you a pro skater then	no , but i still enjoy it as a hobby . what do you do ?	just ride my horses my horses my horses my horses my horses around do you
rep-1211	hi there, i am am am am marcus, how are you today?
rep-1212	hello , how are you today ?	hi . i am fine . my parents would be mad if they knew i was up .	hello , how are you today ?	hi . i am fine . my parents would be mad if they knew i was up .	that is funny , do you read drama like me ?	i do not read much , but i do listen to pink floyd .	i like them almost as much as video games	i love video games ! what 14 year old does not ? what do you do ?	i an a doctor for animals	i really like dogs . not cats not cats not cats not cats . allergies .
rep-1213	i just got back from a bike ride with my grandchildren .	that sounds lovely! have you ever taken them to the zoo? i love zoos!	i just got back from a bike ride with my grandchildren .	that sounds lovely! have you ever taken them to the zoo? i love zoos!	zoos are awesome! i adopted my cat from the zoo	what kind of cat? i do not have any pets .	you have to promise not to tell, having tigers is illegal	no need to worry, i am a nurse not a cop!	that is so cool . i am a nurses aide at the old folks home	how nice . sometimes i donate teddy bears to old folks homes i have a large collection	that is a nice thing to do . my grandchildren like teddy bears too	i have extras i can give them! not the green ones that is my favorite color!	thank you! i will have six happy grandkids! can fido have one too?	absolutely! the collection is pretty large . what is your favorite color?	i think yellow? i like them all . green is a smart color	i like to think think think think so!
rep-1214	hello . i am eating sausage and bacon for breakfast . what are you having?	i just finished bacon and pancakes .	hello . i am eating sausage and bacon for breakfast . what are you having?	i just finished bacon and pancakes .	as a doctor i should know to eat less bacon but it is just so god	that is true . i am studying to become a fashion designer .	so cool! since i am into bodybuilding i do not wear many clothes	i lifted weights in prison . i did some time for stealing .	oh so did my brother . my secretary mom was so upset about it	my parents do not care about me . they are hardly ever around .	i am sorry to hear that . do you have any siblings or kids?	i would love to be a mom but i am trying to turn my life around .	good luck! i have seen many success stories in my work as a doctor	thank you . do you have any children?	i do not . too busy bodybuilding and working at the doctors office	being being being a doctor is very important . are you a specialist?
rep-1215	hello, how are you tonight? do you have pets or children?	hi there . i do not any children but i do have a dog named charlie .	hello, how are you tonight? do you have pets or children?	hi there . i do not any children but i do have a dog named charlie .	aw . that is so cute . i am designing a snoopy tee tonight .	neat! where are you from? i am from australia . my parents still live there .	i i i i i i am in the united states . i always wanted to go to australia.
rep-1216	hey there how are you? what are you doing?	i am good . just hanging out with my dog max . what are you up to?	hey there how are you? what are you doing?	i am good . just hanging out with my dog max . what are you up to?	not much dreaming of how successful i can become on here with focus	i struggle with focus . i am always daydreaming about travel and different adventures	i wish my parents had more then me but oh well	we always want the opposite . i moved in with my girlfriend to get away	well i am also still in school	me too . i am a full time student at bacon university .	so are you okay there	i love it . i am taking a a a a a a class on the history of oreos
rep-1217	hello, i love being at home where i can watch tv, which i love .	hello . i live in an apartment . it is a low income residence .	hello, i love being at home where i can watch tv, which i love .	hello . i live in an apartment . it is a low income residence .	do you live alone? i live with my husband whom i love very much .	yes i live alone because i do not want pets . i do not care for animals .	animals are are are a lot of work, and i do not like physical activity, or exercise.
rep-1218	i just found out my friend is getting married . i do not know if that is good or bad	that is great ! family is awesome . mine lives down the street from me .	i just found out my friend is getting married . i do not know if that is good or bad	that is great ! family is awesome . mine lives down the street from me .	i was just at my other friends wedding last week but not me , i am single	are you conservative ? i am .	all of my family is an hour away . i moved for a better job in sales	hopefully the pay is worth it ! do you like ford or chevy ? my truck is a ford .	conservative is just one of those words used by the media . its all the same	i disagree . every sunday i am in church . generally the more conservative are there .	both are good but i want one of the new tesla electric cars the new tesla electric cars the new tesla electric cars the new tesla electric cars the new tesla electric cars the new tesla electric cars .
rep-1219	good morning . how are you?	i am alright, how are you?	good morning . how are you?	i am alright, how are you?	up too early, but that is the best time for surfing .	same, i am browsing music while while my baby brother takes his nap . what are you up to?
rep-1220	hi! what are you up to? i am listening to some rap while studying	hi, i am lucy . just getting ready for another day at the office	hi! what are you up to? i am listening to some rap while studying	hi, i am lucy . just getting ready for another day at the office	what do you do at the office? i am studying to be a teacher	i am a secretary . that is neat, what subject do you want to teach	i want to teach kindergarten . i am 22 and have lots of energy	kindergarten would be fun! do you play play play play play any sports
rep-1221	hey, do you want to marry me? i go to college .	sorry, i am in college myself and want to finish my education first .	hey, do you want to marry me? i go to college .	sorry, i am in college myself and want to finish my education first .	oh, i guess that is fine . where are you from?	i am in ohio, i play lacrosse for ohio state .	what are you studying? i am trying to go for marine biology	music theory . i love tupac, so i want to incorporate it into therapy sessions .	he was hot . rip . that is really cool	i loved him, and cried when he passed .	i was too young to really understand .	i have read a lot about it .	i only read about dolphins .	i love dolphins, and sea stars .	but you will not marry me	i do not have on on on on on on line relationships, that is so creepy.
rep-1222	do you want to go to the gym with me ?	no i am just on my lunch break	do you want to go to the gym with me ?	no i am just on my lunch break	i like being alone anyway .	i might be good company my english is getting better	you already rejected me though .	just for the gym whats going on latter ?	drinking some water alone probably .	do you like classical music ?	i have no opinion .	i am going to a concert for bach want to come ?	yes , after the gym the gym maybe
rep-1223	hello ? i have not had a lot of interaction lately .	hi there ! do you live alone ?	hello ? i have not had a lot a lot a lot of interaction lately .
rep-1224	hey there how are you today?	hi . good . just quilting tonight . tomorrow night i will cross stitch .	hey there how are you today?	hi . good . just quilting tonight . tomorrow night i will cross stitch .	i spend a great deal of time at school	that is great! education here is great . my parents taught me to value it .	i love the ocean me an my friends explore together	my parents parents parents parents parents parents came here from across the ocean . proud immigrants.
rep-1225	hi this is josh . just got out of class . i am a law student .	hi josh , i am frank . i am on leave from the army .	hi this is josh . just got out of class . i am a law student .	hi josh , i am frank . i am on leave from the army .	oh . thank you for serving our country . do you have siblings . i am only child .	no siblings , my mother was not in my life . what do you like to do ?	i am so driven to be successful . i study hard and work hard .	that is a good approach . what do you do for fun ? i love karaoke !	i have never tried karaoke . i like to hike actually .	hiking is good for you ! its tough for me though cause i am colorblind .	oh is it your browns , reds and greens ?	yeah everything . i just see black and white . it has benefits though .	wow . that is a unique colorblindness . is not it ? what benefits ?	it is unique . i can see camouflaged movement better than other people can though !	oh i see . that is good then . definitely .	yeah its helped me become a specialist in the army the army the army the army the army the army . what law do you study ?
rep-1226	good evening . vietnam veteran here .	nice . i am in the south korean army the south korean army the south korean army the south korean army the south korean army .
rep-1227	good morning, how are you today?	i am fine thank you how is your day going?	good morning, how are you today?	i am fine thank you how is your day going?	very well . just got my kid sister to school, now on to the gym .	that is nice of you do you work out often or in your your spare time?
rep-1228	hi! what are you up to? i am listening to some rap while studying	hi, i am lucy . just getting ready for another day at the office	hi! what are you up to? i am listening to some rap while studying	hi, i am lucy . just getting ready for another day at the office	what do you do at at at at the office? i am studying to be a teacher
rep-1229	hello, how are you doing today?	hello . i am retired, so i am great! i was a banker . how are you?	hello, how are you doing today?	hello . i am retired, so i am great! i was a banker . how are you?	i am doing well . i am just watching my favorite show called the office .	i love that show too! i make quilts for relatives and sew while i watch it .	oh nice! i live in new york but i do not drive, though .	me neither . i enjoy walking . i try to do at least a mile a day .	do you like to eat sweet things? i do not eat anything that is sweet .	i love sweet things . do you have any pets? i have a cat a siamese .	i have a dog . he is a pitt bull and so spoiled .	that is is is too cute . i absolutely love animals.
rep-1230	hi i work at a pet place , where do you work at ?	hi , i am an accountant . i have got two kids . do you have kids ?	hi i work at a pet place , where do you work at ?	hi , i am an accountant . i have got two kids . do you have kids ?	no , i am into music , a musician and i work at a pet place	cool ! what instrument do you play ?	the piano , i am a pianist like the movie . whats your favorite band ?	wow , i love piano . i do not listen to music these days though . i hike !	me too i love running	how long have you been a runner ?	for about 3 years , what do you listen to while hiking ?	the birds singing and the wind whistling . so what state what state what state are you in ?
rep-1231	hi, i am an rn and my dog is pedro .	hi i blog about rabbit rescues and compete as a body builder .	hi, i am an rn and my dog is pedro .	hi i blog about rabbit rescues and compete as a body builder .	you have any pets? i can make, cook and eat muffins all day . you sing?	no cooking i live with my little sister, also i do not sing but love tim mcgraw .	wow! i stand five feet, single and sell stuff online .	that is awesome i buy many things online, mostly of my idol idol idol theodore roosevelt.
rep-1232	hey there how are you ? it was beautiful saturday my friend got married !	i am doing great ! i am just currently exploring with my sea creature friends !	hey there how are you ? it was beautiful saturday my friend got married !	i am doing great ! i am just currently exploring with my sea creature friends !	i love bands especially rush	i like rush as well , i have to see them whenever i can above the sea .	what kind of sea creatures ? i like to draw online its a hobby	well starfish , jellyfish , squids , fish , they are all my friends !	really ? i like to do anything in sales , that is my field	that sounds awesome , i have a tail as feet , so i can not work .	are you a fish ? i am also a omnivore	no , i am not , i do have long wavy hair though !	you are a mermaid ! wow ! cool let me see you	i wish i could let you see me , i have to eat dinner with my family though .	really ? oh what do you eat ?	i eat whatever my family makes me , i get to go play with friends after though !	oh really ? what kind what kind of play do you do ?
rep-1233	good evening, hope you are well	i am, but sadly southern california is on fire	good evening, hope you are well	i am, but sadly southern california is on fire	oh no! that is awful! makes being born with a tail seem trivial .	i cant get to the set with all this fire fire fire fire fire traffic
rep-1234	hey there how are you ?	i write books , cookbooks about diet	hey there how are you ?	i write books , cookbooks about diet	i am always tired but i am a old man	i am fine , i also have a dieting business a dieting business a dieting business a dieting business that is growing .
rep-1235	hi there! just finished cooking my homemade meal of the day . how about you?	oh, what did you make? i made some traditional native american food .	hi there! just finished cooking my homemade meal of the day . how about you?	oh, what did you make? i made some traditional native american food .	lasagna . my husband and 8 kids keep me really busy!	yum! my dogs and birds keep me busy .	i like to read read read read read when i get time, but my husband needs my help often.
rep-1236	good morning how are you	tired after driving my truck for delivery . on the road for 19 hours .	good morning how are you	tired after driving my truck for delivery . on the road for 19 hours .	you know what would make your day feel shorter ? some good oldies music	i like music but love mystery books more . have any children ?	i have no children , that is why i am able to retire so soon	we are a family of 9 . husband , me and the children .	that is great . i like to play racquetball , do you play ?	never played . sounds fun . i like the ocean and anything blue .	and i love to try barbecue restaurants	me too . i really like farms . my family had a really big one a really big one a really big one a really big one a really big one a really big one .
rep-1237	hello there, how are you today?	just as fantastic as i possibly can be and yourself?	hello there, how are you today?	just as fantastic as i possibly can be and yourself?	i am doing so good thank you! lots of studying tonight for me .	what are you studying, may i ask?	i am studying law currently . kind of a challenge but worth it!	cool i am am am am am in jail right now so can i ask you some questions?
rep-1238	hi , do you like skating ? i am a pro skater	i do not really know how to skate but i think its very cool	hi , do you like skating ? i am a pro skater	i do not really know how to skate but i think its very cool	good , whenever i am not skating i am listening to bluegrass	i listen to music while i am doing carpentry . i just cant seem to stop moving ever	carpentry is cool , do you do that as work ?	more of a hobby a hobby a hobby a hobby . i am 40 and still do not have a set career
rep-1239	i just ran around when it s about paranormal	whoa ! that is freaky ! how is that done ?	i just ran around when it s about paranormal	whoa ! that is freaky ! how is that done ?	oh it s because of those novels paranormal mall i ve read	you like books huh ? i actually sell paranormal books ?	yeah i might probably visit but i work very busy at my moms restaurant part time	sweet . maybe you can trade food for books . do you cater to omnivores ?	this makes me excited and i m a musically stuttering only pizza	you sound very interesting ! do you need a graphic designer ? its my hobby .	i just need pizza on my favorites	you must like pizza as much as i like rush . you know ? the band ?	i have never heard of those band	awww man ! get some pizza , play some rush ! ! we should hang out sometime .	for sure i think that s a perfect setting	what music do you like ?	i don t really prefer any kind of music any	well , does your mom your mom your mom your mom play any music at her restaurant ?
rep-1240	hello, how are you tonight? are you watching the office	hi! i am well, thanks . i actually just got back from a hike .	hello, how are you tonight? are you watching the office	hi! i am well, thanks . i actually just got back from a hike .	that that that that that sounds wonderful, i live in the city and do not have hiking trails.
rep-1241	hi, i am married and have a husband, he is my world, i love him	my collection of stickers and poetry are mine lol	hi, i am married and have a husband, he is my world, i love him	my collection of stickers and poetry are mine lol	nice, do you watch anything on tv for fun?	i like jane the virgin	nice, i love watching movies and shows and i love tv	me to but i want to learn the art of drawing	what kind of drawing? who inspired you?	anything and everything pictures, stickers, beautiful scenes	nice, lets go sometime when your free, are you a girl or guy?	i am a female do you mind	i am a female and i have a husband that is the world to me	would he mind you meeting meeting new people
rep-1242	hello how are you this evening ?	hello good i start my first in college next year	hello how are you this evening ?	hello good i start my first in college next year	awesome ! i plan on starting hairdresser school	my parent are forcing me to become a doctor	being a doctor is good but do not like that youre being forced	since they brought me a volkswagen a volkswagen they been acting controlling
rep-1243	hi how are you today	i am fine what about you?	hi how are you today	i am fine what about you?	pretty good are you married?	no i am not married . i loved a guy for 4 years years years years years and he let me
rep-1244	hi , do you know how to sew or nit ? i enjoy making my clothing by myself	hi ! no , but 2 of my 3 sisters do know how .	hi , do you know how to sew or nit ? i enjoy making my clothing by myself	hi ! no , but 2 of my 3 sisters do know how .	i recently went on a walk and saw how dirty my environment is , this concerns me .	i contribute to the dirtiness . i party a lot when my band is not playing a gig a gig .
rep-1245	hey i love bobs burgers! i love tv and movies!	good evening how are you?	hey i love bobs burgers! i love tv and movies!	good evening how are you?	i am great! i am having my favorite food ice cream . what about you?	i love to eat red meat .	me too! i do not like to work our or any physical activity really .	my dad just retired 2 years ago .	nice, is he a homebody? i am .	my mom is a doctor at a senior citizen home .	she must enjoy spending time with elderly people .	i go camping 6 times a a a year and hiking every month.
rep-1246	hey whats up ? i just got home from the gym .	right now i am attending school . i like msic .	hey whats up ? i just got home from the gym .	right now i am attending school . i like msic .	awesome bro . i quite school to work and earn money .	my family consists of 4 , myself , one sibling , and 2 parents .	i hate families . i prefer to be alone .	i am short at 5 ft tall . how about you ?	i am 5 ft and 6 in tall . i weigh 220 pounds and its all muscle .	that sounds very nice , yes .	what is your favorite drink ? mine has to be water . i love water	i love pepsi , it is the best .	if i want to keep this amazing body , i can not drink any of that .	but it tastes so wonderful !	my body is a temple and i can not drink that poison	i understand your point of view .	thanks for understanding . do you have a job ?	i am a stay a stay a stay at home mother .
rep-1247	hey, wannago for a walk?	probably not, but how has your day been?	hey, wannago for a walk?	probably not, but how has your day been?	pretty good . i took my cat to the vet .	interesting, i came back from my brother wedding .	i would make him a quilt .	what kind of quilt would you make?	a fabulous one . with cats	do you you you like cats? i dislike animals.
rep-1248	hi, i have a cat, dog, bird and fish . no children . no soda just water .	you have a lot of pets	hi, i have a cat, dog, bird and fish . no children . no soda just water .	you have a lot of pets	yes! you? i like being by myself .	i have two kids . that keeps me busy enough . lol	great! i work for ups part time .	that is a busy job especially around the holidays	true! single life is great . married?	actually not anymore . it is a long long long story
rep-1249	hey there how are you?	pretty great! i am just eating a steak and potatoes	hey there how are you?	pretty great! i am just eating a steak and potatoes	i love superheros especially the dark movie kind .	they are really good . what is your favorite?	really? i enjoy me a good hard drink, scotch is my choice .	yummy . i drank a ton last week when i was at my friends wedding	whoa, i hope you were not sloppy drunk lol	just a little bit but i am sure he will forgive forgive forgive forgive me haha
rep-1250	hi how are you today	hi ! i am feeling great after a 40 minutes workout .	hi how are you today	hi ! i am feeling great after a 40 minutes workout .	what did you eat after it ?	some fresh fruit some fresh fruit some fresh fruit some fresh fruit , a very light snack .
rep-1251	i just finished spending time with my children three girls	sweet ! i just finished skating . that is my job , to do tricks on my skateboard .	i just finished spending time with my children three girls	sweet ! i just finished skating . that is my job , to do tricks on my skateboard .	you can teach my three girls my three girls my three girls my three girls my three girls to do that because i m separated with my husband
rep-1252	hello how are you doing today?	not too bad . a little sad, but such is life .	hello how are you doing today?	not too bad . a little sad, but such is life .	why are you sad today did something happen?	just need to lose some weight . having 3 kids will do that .	oh i can only imagine i decided long ago that i did not want kids .	smart choice! do you like to cook? i would be a great chef lol	no not really . so many good places to eat at in the big apple	i want to go there, but with me on days and hubby nights, it s not feasible .	its amazing my dream is to act but for now i will stick to modeling	sounds great? do you have any pets? we have a family cat .	no . i am always traveling for work so hard to keep an animal .	very true . what else do you like to do?	well i do enjoy singing but not sure that my voice is that good	i m sure it is! we are our worst worst worst worst worst worst critic after all.
rep-1253	hello and how are you doing this evening ?	i tired just got home from the war museum	hello and how are you doing this evening ?	i tired just got home from the war museum	have you ever heard of being a furry ? that is who i am	oh wow ! how was your day furry	lol good do you play on second life ? i do	no just the living no just the living no just the living no just the living even though my wife keeps dying
rep-1254	hello , how are you this evening ?	i m good i m playing for my next travel and adventure	hello , how are you this evening ?	i m good i m playing for my next travel and adventure	that sounds fun . i enjoy playing board games and reading biographies .	arctic and i m going to use that for my lessons in school as a teacher	i just finished school . i graduated from college .	so i switched to being interested in iceland geology teacher	oh , cool . do you have any pets ? my cat is named arizona .	nope but i do like polar beers polar beers polar beers polar beers polar beers i hunt them as food
rep-1255	hey , how are you doing tonight ?	i am well just got in from playing with the dolphins . how are you ?	hey , how are you doing tonight ?	i am well just got in from playing with the dolphins . how are you ?	the football team or the animal ?	animal . my home is under water . where do you live ?	what do you live in a sea lab or a sub ? i live in my dad	the sea is my home . the aquatic creatures are my friends my friends my friends .
rep-1256	hello how are you today	i am doing well, and you?	hello how are you today	i am doing well, and you?	i am doing great! its my favorite time of the year	mine as well, i plan to walk my two dogs later today	what kind of dogs do you have? the only pet i have is a turtle	i have a german shepards, what is your turtles name?	his name is tim . german shepards are the cutest dogs	yes they are . what do you do for a living?	i run my parents business while they live in bora bora	that is very nice of you you you you you you . what kind of business is it?
rep-1257	hi my name is marie how are you today?	hey marie . i am well thank you . how old are you?	hi my name is marie how are you today?	hey marie . i am well thank you . how old are you?	i am 30 years old .	cool . i am just a a a a girl . i am 12 years old.
rep-1258	its fall ! finally time for the snow to come ! !	i am from australia so i lobe a good snowfall	its fall ! finally time for the snow to come ! !	i am from australia so i lobe a good snowfall	i love australia . i went there to see metallica once ! !	cool but i live in the usa . what city are you in ?	i am was born in wisconsin but moved at 17 to oklahoma	i am in miami , i love america	its incredible right ? i am a manger consultant so growing this country is awesome	your job sound your job sound your job sound s interesting
rep-1259	i am male, divorce, 6 grandchildren, ex named doug .	nice to meet you doug . i am lucy	i am male, divorce, 6 grandchildren, ex named doug .	nice to meet you doug . i am lucy	hi, i have schwinn bike and work in old folks home . you?	i am a secretary at an office . nothing too exciting	oh okay . my children and dogs are exciting .	that is awesome . i love animals	i have a cat named grace .	that is a beautiful name for an animal	you think? i take of people society has thrown away .	i do think . i went to grace college last year	get out! me too! are you in virginia?	haha yes i am . what a small world we live in!	oh my! i am am am am nurses aid.
rep-1260	hello how are you today ?	i am doing well . glad that monday is done and over with . how are you ?	hello how are you today ?	i am doing well . glad that monday is done and over with . how are you ?	good what kind of music do you like ? i am really into music myself !	i really like pop and rock music . how about you ?	i like pink floyd but other kids my age not not into them .	i am sure there are kids your age who likes pink floyd	not around here . it is all country , rap or a weird fusion of the two .	oh . do you currently work , or in school ?	i am still in middle school . are you still in school ?	yes , i am in college . i am looking to be a fashion designer . how about you ?	i want to be an actor when i get older .	are you in drama theatre in school ?	of course i have been in school plays for years ! i got the lead this year .	that is great ! i always wanted to go into drama stuff drama stuff drama stuff drama stuff drama stuff but never got around to it
rep-1261	i just finish what i usually enjoy doing mills cooking	that is good . what is mills cooking?	i just finish what i usually enjoy doing mills mills mills mills mills cooking
rep-1262	hello how are you ?	i am fine shopping for clothes wyd ?	hello how are you ?	i am fine shopping for clothes wyd ?	what kind of clothes ? i am just playing with ginger my golden retriever	i like jeans an boots	what is your favorite store your favorite store your favorite store your favorite store ? i did not shop at all when i studied abroad
rep-1263	hi want to get to know each other?	yes, i i i i i i would like that.
rep-1264	hi! my name is jenny, what is your name?	i am jess . how are you doing?	hi! my name is jenny, what is your name?	i am jess . how are you doing?	i am doing really well, thank you . do you have any hobbies?	i like singing! what about you?	i was never a good singer . i practice tae kwan do with my dad .	oh that is cool . are you close with your family?	oh yes, my dad teaches lessons so i learn from him everyday . even won a competition once!	wow! do you have a favorite color?	black! it is the color i want my belt someday, haha . what about you?	no, i am actually colorblind	if you had a favorite color, what color do you think it would be?	i have heard great things about blue	wow that is funny, that is the color of of of of of my belt now . how old are you?
rep-1265	hi there, just getting home from work how are you doing?	just playing my fantasy videogames relaxing	hi there, just getting home from work how are you doing?	just playing my fantasy videogames relaxing	that sounds like fun i like first person shooter games . and movies	o ok i can make a shooter game my degree is in computer science	i work in medical . you shoot them them them i will heal them lol
rep-1266	hi ! how are you doing today ?	i am wonderful thank you . i am listening to classical music	hi ! how are you doing today ?	i am wonderful thank you . i am listening to classical music	very nice ! what do you do for work ?	i am what you call a water engineer	hmm , interesting . i am in the army !	i admire all servicemen and women . i am currently chomping down on bacon	yummy , bacon is my favorite food too .	what are your current goals at the moment ? i want to finish my m . s .	i am just waiting to get out of the army and south korea .	i see . what is home for you ? i am a native californian	i am from puerto rico originally .	i have an uncle from puerto rico . my family is cuban . we love music	i love music too and cuban food cuban food cuban food cuban food cuban food cuban food .
rep-1267	hello there, how are you today?	just as fantastic as i possibly can be and yourself?	hello there, how are you today?	just as fantastic as i possibly can be and yourself?	i am doing so good thank you! lots of studying tonight for me .	what are you studying, may i ask?	i am studying law currently . kind of a challenge but worth it!	cool i am in jail right now so can i ask you some questions?	wow i am sorry to hear that . sure ask away .	so i am here for selling sea monkeys like you see in comic books	really? that sounds really interesting . how does that work?	what do you mean? i got convicted for mail fraud cuz sea monkeys do do do do do do not exist
rep-1268	hey there how are you doing today ?	am am fine thanks you	hey there how are you doing today ?	am am fine thanks you	i am good , just getting off work	ok how was work good i hope	it was good , sitting at a computer all day is hard . you have a job ?	yes do care giver not too bad	what do you like to do for fun ?	i like to go fishing	that is fun . i like to watch the news and read . a lot	that great i watch some new all so	which station which station which station which station which station which station do you watch ?
rep-1269	hi how is it going?	hi there i am great eating a snack and you?	hi how is it going?	hi there i am great eating a snack and you?	i am allergic to mangoes	but how they are delicious well i eat alot	i like to collect civil war antiques	really i am a body builder on my days off	let me see you flex then	lol i am shy i have to get to know you first	i know but they mess me up, ever been married?	no thank god i never been been been been been
rep-1270	hi how are you today	not bad just got done playing second life	hi how are you today	not bad just got done playing second life	very good do you have any cats?	yes, i a also a furry	that is no good i am allergic	oh, i understand . i have some allergies too	do you wake up early?	not really, i stay up late online	did you go to public school?	not anymore because i am 28	oh i was homeschooled it was odd	i bet, in texas there are a lot of home schooled people	what do you do do for fun
rep-1271	hi here i am in sunny california . where do you live?	i live in florida but my family is from toronto	hi here i am in sunny california . where do you live?	i live in florida but my family is from toronto	oh i see . moving to the east coast next year to the big apple .	cool . how old are you?	now i am 23 and acting is my profession . also do a little runway modeling .	nice . i am 16 and i would like to be in in the army
rep-1272	hello how are you doing	hello i am doing okay how are you	hello how are you doing	hello i am doing okay how are you	very good thank you tell me about you?	i just turned 20 and am stationed in south korea .	what do you guys get to do in your spare time . i play frisbee	i target practice but the others read books and write home . i cant write home	what is that . no one to write too or another reason?	i am from puerto rico rico so its hard for me to get letters to them
rep-1273	greetings! how are you doing today?	am well just at the beach sun warming	greetings! how are you doing today?	am well just at the beach sun warming	are you employed? army is my employer right now .	yes am a personal secretary to mr . gregor	puerto rico is my birth place . what about yours?	oklahoma is my place of birth	i am in south korea serving right now . have you been here?	no, may be will visit you but is it good?	i am getting out soon though . shamefully i can be violent .	violent always or when you get angry?	only when i am angry, but that is still not good, right?	yes but all people act act act act act act weird when they get angry
rep-1274	hello, how are you? hold old are you? i am 34 .	oh hey, i am a 5 foot, 35 year old woman who has a dog, pedro .	hello, how are you? hold old are you? i am 34 .	oh hey, i am a 5 foot, 35 year old woman who has a dog, pedro .	awesome . what do you do for a living? i work as an environmentalist .	i work in healthcare . it is boring .	i am sorry . where did you go to school? i attended the university of mississippi .	in new york . it is in a great town with film festivals .	awesome! do you have any kids? i have two . they are in kindergarten kindergarten kindergarten kindergarten.
rep-1275	hello how are you?	i am good but busy, you?	hello how are you?	i am good but busy, you?	doing well just playing with my dog who is 180 pounds	what breed of dog is it?	a akita named keiko we go for super long walks	sounds great, i love long walks, and being active in general .	what is your favorite thing to do while being active?	just playing sports . any sport, really .	have a favorite sport? what is your favorite food?	as a 22 year old woman, i can eat whatever i want .	we should should go out for italian that is my favorite food
rep-1276	hello, how are you tonight?	hi, i am doing great, how are you doing?	hello, how are you tonight?	hi, i am doing great, how are you doing?	i am doing wonderfully, just came back from the zoo .	how was the zoo and the animals?	it was amazing, i bought a new bear to add to my collection .	wow what color is the bear and what kind?	a sun bear . i will donate my collection to the shelter later this year .	that is amazing, how many do you have?	i have over 50 . we always get a large number of displaced children	that is a lot of bears wow, how long have you been collecting them?	since the beginning of the year, i am a nurse .	how long have you been a nurse?	almost twenty years . what do you do?	i am a full time babysitter	is that fun or do you do it solely for the money?	it is extremely fun and very active not for the the money.
rep-1277	hello, how are you tonight?	i m doing ok how are you	hello, how are you tonight?	i m doing ok how are you	very well, thank you . watching one tree hill	how do you like that so	it is my favorite . what is yours?	i am not not not not not really into tv by i am more on animal
rep-1278	hey there how are you?	i write books, cookbooks about diet	hey there how are you?	i write books, cookbooks about diet	i am always tired but i am a old man	i am fine, i also have a dieting business that is growing .	what is the name of it? i got 1 leg only	try to have pets, i have a dog and 2 cats it gives me energy	oh man, i use to serve the military	you are a very brave person, i love to exercise for long hours	really? i got a wheel chair it goes fast	i respect you! do you like plays? i do .	goodnight there see ya later	you like to race on a wheel chair?	i would lol would you?	you can have so so so so much fun doing it.
rep-1279	hello ! good evening . how are you ?	i am doing well . how about yourself ?	hello ! good evening . how are you ?	i am doing well . how about yourself ?	i am doing well a bit tired .	what did you do today ?	i cleaned my home . what about you ?	i took my dogs to the dog park .	how many dogs do you have ?	i have two . a husky and a pitbull .	aww husky . i studied at uconn so we were husky	lol awesome . what did you study ?	business administration i finished it .	sweet . what do you do with your degree your degree your degree your degree your degree your degree ?
rep-1280	did you know that working at whole foods means you can ride a horse to work?!	not really, i am studying at the university up state learning biology .	did you know that working at whole foods means you can ride a horse to work?!	not really, i am studying at the university up state learning biology .	that is cool . hoping to go to med school?	marine biology actually, still a student but i do not party .	neither do i . instead i paint in my spare time . often times it is a city landscape	that is nice, i was born and raised in the united states have you painted there?	yup, i live in the us . a major west coast city in fact .	awesome, we should chat more often . well i am very busy with my study .	and i am budy analyzing taylor swift lyrics . did you know they can contain hidden messages?!	yeah, i play her music to scare whales in deep deep deep ocean trenches . .
rep-1281	hi there how are you today?	i am good good good, and how are you?
rep-1282	hi there , how are you ?	not too bad . how about you	hi there , how are you ?	not too bad . how about you	i am good . i have been working in my garden .	gardening is always fun . i like the guitar	i love walking , especially this time of year .	same . this is my favorite time of year .	what do you do for a living ?	i read tarot cards and have a bunch a bunch a bunch a bunch a bunch a bunch of tattoos
rep-1283	hello how are you doing	pretty good . how are you?	hello how are you doing	pretty good . how are you?	i am making dinner getting ready for bed	i just got off work .	i am looking for something different to do	i am looking for another job myself .	i was adopted by my aunt and uncle	my parents did not want me either .	if i ever hit the the the the lottery i will love to help some of these kids
rep-1284	hello there how is your day going?	hello to you, how was your day?	hello there how is is is is is your day going?
rep-1285	hello, how are you tonight? are you watching the office	hi! i am well, thanks . i actually just got back from a hike .	hello, how are you tonight? are you watching the office	hi! i am well, thanks . i actually just got back from a hike .	that sounds wonderful, i live in the city and do not have hiking trails .	i am in ohio where there are lots of wooded trails .	ohio is lovely, we went hiked blue hen and buttermilk falls once .	yes yes yes yes, very nice . my 2 sons love to hike buttermilk falls.
rep-1286	hello , how are you tonight ?	doing good . just got home from working at th factory .	hello , how are you tonight ?	doing good . just got home from working at th factory .	i work in finance , like my parents who still reside in australia .	very cool . i grow violets in my garden . i love the color purple .	i have a springer spaniel named charlie , do you have pets ?	i do . a poodle . we watch the buckeyes together every saturday .	i currently reside in ohio , they are a great team .	very cool ! where in ohio ?	halfway between akron and cleveland . where are you ?	i am in florida right now .	i just came back from there . i was in jacksonville .	right on . i am in tampa right now .	my friend lives outside of tampa . lovely area . i am thinking of relocating there .	i love it here . and the weather is cooling now .	it is freezing here . i am sporting basic white girl attire basic white girl attire basic white girl attire basic white girl attire basic white girl attire basic white girl attire , lol
rep-1287	hello, how are you tonight?	great . how are you doing	hello, how are you tonight?	great . how are you doing	doing good, just getting my girls down for the night .	how many do you have	three girls, do you have children?	a boy and a girl . 12 and 9 . angelic monsters lol	one of each that is good . the girls can be a hand full .	who you telling . haha . my girl is a hundred times more stressful .	my mom was a teacher and i am not sure how she did it .	kudos to her . i am exhausted half way through the day .	yes, me to! i was was was born later so she has lots of patients.
rep-1288	hi, how has your day been?	great and how was your day?	hi, how has your day been?	great and how was your day?	long day at work . teaching elementary wears me out .	i can imagine . i thought about having children but i am not ready yet .	it is worth it when the time comes! what do you do do?
rep-1289	hi ! do you like dogs ? i have a great dane	hey there how are you today ? yes i like dogs	hi ! do you like dogs ? i have a great dane	hey there how are you today ? yes i like dogs	awesome ! i am good . what do you like to eat ?	i like to eat vegetables an beans	i really enjoy italian food . i hope to visit italy someday	i like to run an i love a good reliable older car	i prefer walking myself . i walk my big dog daily .	sounds good i would love to go there but as a doctor i am busy	oh wow . you could read about travel , that is what i do	yes i would love to but i stay busy running an reading	reading is my favorite ! i read about europe all the time	really what about ? i just relax to my wine an jazz an jazz an jazz
rep-1290	hello , my name is jonas , how are you doing today ?	bad , i am broke and my low income apartment has rent due tomorrow	hello , my name is jonas , how are you doing today ?	bad , i am broke and my low income apartment has rent due tomorrow	i know that feeling . i have been stuck at the same low paying job for years .	same here , fast food does not pay like how i thought it did at 16	at 16 , i had a job taking care of cats , but now i really hate them .	i hate all animals to be honest	i see . i like most animals , i grew up on a farm .	dropping out of high school was a bad idea . the landlord just called .	my landlord is my dad . we do not really get along .	lucky , he can give you slack .	he makes me cry as bad as onions do . but i truly enjoy onions .	not running is what makes me cry like a baby	i like to run as well . i did about 3 miles about 3 miles about 3 miles today .
rep-1291	hello how are you today?	i am doing well . glad that monday is done and over with . how are you?	hello how are you today?	i am doing well . glad that monday is done and over with . how are you?	good what kind of music do you like? i am really into music myself!	i really like pop and rock music . how about you?	i like pink floyd but other kids my age not not into them .	i am sure there are kids your age who likes pink floyd	not around here . it is all country, rap or a weird fusion of the two .	oh . do you currently work, or in school?	i am still in middle school . are you still in school?	yes, i am in college . i i am looking to be a fashion designer . how about you?
rep-1292	how are you doing today ?	hey i am fine how about yourself	how are you doing today ?	hey i am fine how about yourself	i am exhausted ! my neck my neck my neck my neck my neck and my back hurt really bad .
rep-1293	hey there how are you i seen a spider an cried i hate snakes too	i am good . yikes i hate spiders too	hey there how are you i seen a spider an cried i hate snakes too	i am good . yikes i hate spiders too	yes i hate them, married? i am not with no kids	nope nope and no kids either . i love my horses like kids
rep-1294	hey there how are you ?	i write books , cookbooks about diet	hey there how are you ?	i write books , cookbooks about diet	i am always tired but i am a old man	i am fine , i also have a dieting business that is growing .	what is the name of it ? i got 1 leg only	try to have pets , i have a dog and 2 cats 2 cats 2 cats 2 cats 2 cats it gives me energy
rep-1295	hello there new friend how are you this fine evening	i am doing great . just taking a break from working on my car .	hello there new friend how are you this fine evening	i am doing great . just taking a break from working on my car .	i just got done working with my horses , it is what i love doing .	that is great . i like to hunt in my spare time .	what kind of music do you like ?	i am not a big music fan . i prefer the silence . you ?	that is odd . i like john denver .	i just prefer to work on restoring cars . i am also a handyman	that is cool . i like to cook and work with horses .	what do you do for work ?	i workout every day and i work with my horses my horses my horses my horses
rep-1296	howdy how are you doing tonight i am okay thanks you jesus .	i am doing great . just thinking about my parents . they died years ago	howdy how are you doing tonight i am okay thanks you jesus .	i am doing great . just thinking about my parents . they died years ago	i am so sorry my dad died too when i was in my early twenty	i am really sorry to hear that . what do you do for fun ?	i love doing make up and hair also great cook .	terrific . my favorite thing to do is dance .	me too i enjoy riding my bike outside .	where do you live ? i am from edris island edris island edris island .
rep-1297	hello how are you today ?	oh ok . had better days	hello how are you today ?	oh ok . had better days	oh no tell me whats wrong	i cant stand my job . well actually the people there .	i drive a forklift in a plant a plant a plant a plant with a bunch of kids so i know
rep-1298	hi ! what do you like to do ? i like reading and video games	hello . i do not really play video games , but i am a big movie fan .	hi ! what do you like to do ? i like reading and video games	hello . i do not really play video games , but i am a big movie fan .	i like to read drama books that are sometimes made into movies	that is interesting . my favorite movie is napoleon dynamite . i even named my dog pedro .	haha funny . i love dogs since i am a veterinarian .	oh wow ! i wanted to be a vet a vet a vet a vet a vet when i was a kid . i work in healthcare .
rep-1299	hi how are you doing i am okay .	i am doing very good ! i hope you had a very nice , relaxing sunday .	hi how are you doing i am okay .	i am doing very good ! i hope you had a very nice , relaxing sunday .	yes it was okay thank you so much i like walking . do you ?	i do , especially in the woods when i am out hunting . do you hunt ?	no not really but it seems to be a really fun activity .	it is ! i like to go with my father .	my work my work my work my work my work my work out is walking it is very good for the body . that is nice .
rep-1300	hi i work at a pet place , where do you work at ?	hi , i am an accountant . i have got two kids . do you have kids ?	hi i work at a pet place , where do you work at ?	hi , i am an accountant . i have got two kids . do you have kids ?	no , i am into music , a musician and i work at a pet place	cool ! what instrument do you play ?	the piano , i am a pianist like the movie . whats your favorite band ?	wow , i love piano . i do not listen to music these days though . i hike !	me too i love running	how long have you been a runner ?	for about 3 years , what do you listen to while hiking ?	the birds singing and the wind whistling . so what state are you in ?	i am in new york city , i love listening to nirvana while i run	yeah , i love nirvana ! where does one run in new york city new york city new york city new york city new york city new york city ? i am in ohio .
rep-1301	hey guess what ? i am a jewish boy and still enjoy jazz music .	cool ! i am jewish too ! i play pop music , i am the lead singer of bb2	hey guess what ? i am a jewish boy and still enjoy jazz music .	cool ! i am jewish too ! i play pop music , i am the lead singer of bb2	nice , do you have a tv show you like my favorite one is the office .	never have time to watch tv , we are always on tour or throwing a party !	lucky , my jew parents will not let me eat sweets can you belive that	what ? my dad is awesome , i dropped out of school to travel with him .	i do not even get to drive myself , mostly because i live in new york though .	love nyc ! party all the time , my dad my dad my dad my dad my dad drove a semi , i helped .
rep-1302	hi how is it going?	hi there i am great eating a snack and you?	hi how is it going?	hi there i am great eating a snack and you?	i am allergic to mangoes	but how they are delicious well i eat alot	i like to collect civil war antiques	really i am a a a a a body builder on my days off
rep-1303	hi, what did you do today?	hey! a bunch of consulting for a large food service provider you?	hi, what did you do today?	hey! a bunch of consulting for a large food service provider you?	i am a nurse, my mom is also a nurse, an army nurse	oh wow i bet that is exciting .	not really, the only exciting thing about my life recently is i got a stray cat	my brother is in the army one of them anyway . you like cats?	i love cats, i love dressing cats, i made a cat sweater, i love knitting	well that is an interesting hobby . do you listen to music?	yes of course, i love folk music, what about you?	i like rock and heavy metal . metallica is my favorite band though .	nice, please tell me more	i grew up listening to eighties rock with my dad and that started my obsession	nice, did you dad listen to folk folk folk folk folk folk music?
rep-1304	hi , what did you do today ?	hey ! a bunch of consulting for a large food service provider you ?	hi , what did you do today ?	hey ! a bunch of consulting for a large food service provider you ?	i am a nurse a nurse a nurse a nurse a nurse , my mom is also a nurse , an army nurse
rep-1305	hi, do you like sports? i love softball	i am more of a reader	hi, do you like sports? i love softball	i am more of a reader	good for you, what do you do for work?	i work in an office, you?	i am in a program to help troubled teens	oh, are you a troubled teen?	no i work with them, i help them . i give them my favorite italian food while break	well good for you . i also love italian	yeah i love cooking italian and singing choir	how about travel? i want to go see the world	i have have have not done traveling, i am a taekwondo black belt master!
rep-1306	hi, how are you? i am really thirsty, but water scares me .	hey . that is a terrible conundrum!	hi, how are you? i am really thirsty, but water scares me .	hey . that is a terrible conundrum!	the plants in my garden are dying from lack of water . please help .	wish i could . i keep a large garden as well .	will you help me?	i am a little little little little little little busy . i teach a college class in biology.
rep-1307	hello . how are you doing this evening?	i am doing well thanks i am an attorney and working on cases	hello . how are you doing this evening?	i am doing well thanks i am an attorney and working on cases	that is cool! my job is in labor and delivery .	what a fun job . i live in ok and am a native american	nice . do you have kids? i do not not not not not not want any . i enjoy being single and alone.
rep-1308	hello . how are you? tell me about yourself .	hello well i love ice tea, country music, and love traveling hbu?	hello . how are you? tell me about yourself .	hello well i love ice tea, country music, and love traveling hbu?	i am a fan of bluegrass personally . i even play	that is cool, my friends and i love to relax to bluegrass	i get to travel too when i am competing	what do you compete in? i compete in swimming	i am a skateboarder for a living . i got into it while working at hollister	that is cool, do you live in the states?	i do . i am from cali . you?	i live in toronto canada	cool . how is it? is it cold?	super cold! cali sounds nice about right now!	it is scorching . the state is experiencing a major major drought and an onslaught of fires
rep-1309	hi how are you today	i am fine what about you ?	hi how are you today	i am fine what about you ?	pretty good are you married ?	no i am not married . i loved a guy for 4 years 4 years 4 years 4 years and he let me
rep-1310	hello , are u a fun of politics ?	yes , i am going to school right now . are you in school ?	hello , are u a fun of politics ?	yes , i am going to school right now . are you in school ?	yes and i want to be a student leader .	that is cool , i only have two more years left . you ?	i also have the same time left for me to be in school	nice , i am studying law . how about you ?	what are your plans after school ? i study accounting .	i do not know i just want success . that is cool . any siblings ?	yes . i have a young sister who is 10 years old	i am an only child an only child an only child an only child an only child . that must be fun .
rep-1311	is there anything better than a cold drink after a long day?	it depends . personally, my favorite way to relax is to scroll through through through through through some clothes catalogs.
rep-1312	hello, how are you doing today?	i am doing great . just having a few slices of bacon for breakfast . you?	hello, how are you doing today?	i am doing great . just having a few slices of bacon for breakfast . you?	i am working on a paper for class . pulled an all nighter .	i did a lot of those when i was in school learning to be an engineer	engineer? nice . i am going for for biology.
rep-1313	good afternoon how are you	good evening here . lol . good how are you	good afternoon how are you	good evening here . lol . good how are you	i am great i am usually crabby	sorry that must suck . i recently got a new cat a new cat that cheers me up
rep-1314	he;; o . how are you this day day
rep-1315	hello! how was your day?	hi i am joanna and i just graduated from usc . how are you?	hello hello hello hello! how was your day?
rep-1316	hey, nice to meet you . what are you hobbies?	hello, how are you today? i fight for environmental rights .	hey, nice to meet you . what are you hobbies?	hello, how are you today? i fight for environmental rights .	oh cool . i am well . i grew up on a horse ranch . still there .	that sounds neat . i actually work selling homes . so you ranch?	yes . i love taking care of my horses .	my kids would love to see your horses .	well you are welcome to visit .	thank you . are you considering college?	oh i already went . this place makes me exercise every day .	i bet it does! working in real estate is not much exercise .	arming is handful but i do get to cook with stuff from my backyard .	oh i love natural raised foods .	my ranch is big and i can listen to john denver there while i i i i i i work.
rep-1317	hi how are you today	hi . i am good . i am from new york city . where do you live?	hi how are you today	hi . i am good . i am from new york city . where do you live?	i live with my parents . do you work?	yeah . modeling . keeps me single . i travel too much . how about you?	i am a nurse which also keeps me single too	that is an important job . stressful though . what do you do in your spare time?	i ride my bike around mostly	healthy hobby . i practice acting, hoping to to to some day get my big break.
rep-1318	hi there how are you doing ?	hey how is it going ?	hi there how are you doing ?	hey how is it going ?	good just relaxing i was actually physically active today and i hate it	you do not like to move around	not really i mostly enjoy long walks to the fridge lol	i like that too you drink ?	yea here and there but not all the time	i have scotch to chill out at night	nice i like a lil a lil a lil a lil a lil of everything
rep-1319	hey there how are you today ?	i am good . you ? what do you do for a living ?	hey there how are you today ?	i am good . you ? what do you do for a living ?	i am in the stock market industry	i used to by a geology teacher . now , i go arctic exploring . ice is interesting .	how about yourself ? i miss my old folks .	i am in search for lost explorers . i want to help them to go home .	really ? where are you looking at ?	north pole . it is where i learn to ice fish and hunt polar bears polar bears polar bears to eat .
rep-1320	hey there how are you doing today?	am am fine thanks you	hey there how are you doing today?	am am fine thanks you	i am good, just getting off work	ok how was work good i hope	it was good, sitting at a computer all day is hard . you have a job?	yes do care giver not too bad	what do you like to do for fun?	i like to go fishing	that is fun . i like to watch the news and read . a lot	that great i watch some new all so	which station do you watch?	the best station for me is 9 columbia columbia columbia columbia columbia columbia
rep-1321	hello , how are you doing ?	doing great watching a little sports on tv	hello , how are you doing ?	doing great watching a little sports on tv	very cool , i used to watch soccer when i traveled abroad	i enjoy watching soccer a lot . i played some sports in high school .	i used to play in kindergarten , i met my best friend in kindergarten	what do you like to do in your spare moments ?	i enjoy advertising , i got a job a job a job a job a job working in it last year
rep-1322	hello how are you?	good . just got done volunteering for the animal shelter . you?	hello how are you?	good . just got done volunteering for the animal shelter . you?	i am currently watching the news i watch it every night	my parents taught and they always use to to to to to make me watch . so boring
rep-1323	hello . how are you tonight? long day of advertising .	advertising? that sounds easy . i am a social worker dealing with at risk youth .	hello . how are you tonight? long day of advertising .	advertising? that sounds easy . i am a social worker dealing with at risk youth .	so you do something good . i travel abroad a lot and advertise the underground city night life .	that sounds cool . these kids drive me nuts .	it is an odd job for a jewish north dakota boy to do, but yes cool .	wow! jewish people live in north dakota! what else do you do?	right? haha . i play bass in a metal band . how about you? hobbies?	oh cool! i sing in a choir! i also also also also also play softball
rep-1324	hello , how are you today ?	hi . i am fine . my parents would be mad if they knew i was up .	hello , how are you today ?	hi . i am fine . my parents would be mad if they knew i was up .	that is funny , do you read drama like me ?	i do not read much , but i do listen to pink floyd .	i like them almost as much as video games	i love video games ! what 14 year old does not ? what do you do ?	i an a doctor for animals	i really like dogs . not cats . allergies .	i hate allergies they are the worst .	when i am an actor i will be able to afford better medicine .	yeah , medicine is so darn expensive	not as expensive as gender reassignment surgery gender reassignment surgery gender reassignment surgery . not old enough to do that , yet .
rep-1325	hello how are you today?	oh ok . had better days	hello how are you today?	oh ok . had better days	oh no tell me whats wrong	i cant stand my job . well actually the people there .	i drive a forklift in a plant with a bunch of kids so i know	that sounds pretty cool . i clean kennels at the animal shelter .	that is cool do you lift weight? i love to work out	no they are are are are too heavy . i run with my cat to stay fit.
rep-1326	hello! how are you today?	i am okay . missing home today . i am part of the army . currently in south korea	hello! how are you today?	i am okay . missing home today . i am part of the army . currently in south korea	oh it is hard to be so far from home .	yes, for only 21, its hard to be away long	how long have you been in the military?	a year now . so where are you from?	i am from tampa, but i live in seattle now .	i see . i am from puerto rico	that sounds great . it seems like a great tropical place .	it is . you should visit there there there there there some time
rep-1327	hey how are you doing this evening ?	i am good , a little sleepy how about you ? oh i am sneezing too .	hey how are you doing this evening ?	i am good , a little sleepy how about you ? oh i am sneezing too .	goodness , hope you feel better , i am tired having travelled home from my brothers wedding	i have been going to bed early and getting up early and i feel better now	that is fantastic . how do you unwind after a long day and fall asleep early ?	i home school my son so i am always busy and always tired . i make myself relax	oh wow that is a challenge . i am sure it comes with great rewards though as well .	a cat had kittens in my garage but i am allergic so i am sneezing a lot today	i recently adopted one . named her arizona after my home state	the allergy meds the allergy meds the allergy meds will knock me out so i can sleep but i need to paint
rep-1328	hey i am brian hows it going	it is going well , how about you	hey i am brian hows it going	it is going well , how about you	i am great just a little bit tired	have a stressful day ? i run to relieve that .	kinda my baby been fussy lately she is teething	i suggest playing her some ed sheeran .	lol i do not think that is gonna stop her teeth from hurting	probably not but may soothe your nerves your nerves your nerves your nerves your nerves your nerves , what do you for a living .
rep-1329	hi hi hi hi hi how are you today
rep-1330	its fall! finally time for the snow to come!!	i am from australia so i lobe a good snowfall	its fall! finally time for the snow to come!!	i am from australia so i lobe a good snowfall	i love australia . i went there to see metallica once!!	cool but i live in the usa . what city are you in?	i am was born in wisconsin but moved at 17 to oklahoma	i am in miami, i love america	its incredible right? i am a manger consultant so growing this country is awesome	your job sound sound sound sound sound s interesting
rep-1331	drink more water . tracy here . nice to meet you .	i drink water when i hike . my name is suzie .	drink more water . tracy here . nice to meet you .	i drink water when i hike . my name is suzie .	great! hi sus . i love my three children and my cat named grace . you?	i have two boys, blake and wesley .	get out! my huband name is wesley blake . he work nights .	what a coincidence! i am an accountant during the day .	get out! i work during the day too! i hate my weight .	you should take up hiking . it is beautiful in the country in ohio .	no not the kid! i am scared of heights . cats are my friends though .	yeah, walking is pretty easy though . i like like like like like being in nature.
rep-1332	hi . my name is lottie . i am a real estate agent . what do you do?	hi, you like purple? i love it . tracy here and i love pizza . you?	hi . my name is lottie . i am a real estate agent . what do you do?	hi, you like purple? i love it . tracy here and i love pizza . you?	my passion is preserving the environment . i sell houses for money, though .	good for you! i am a rn . catholic and love one tree hill .	i have two children and i tend to be drawn to agnosticism .	great! i see many things at the hospital i work . real estate business good?	business is good for now . but the duck in office might change that that that that that.
rep-1333	hey there how are you? it was beautiful saturday my friend got married!	i am doing great! i am just currently exploring with my sea creature friends!	hey there how are you? it was beautiful saturday my friend got got got got got got married!
rep-1334	hi there . how are you tonight?	good . is english your native tongue? it is mine .	hi there . how are you tonight?	good . is english your native tongue? it is mine .	yes it is . what do you do for work? i am employed at a research facility .	i work as an engineer, but i cannot stand any bugs that i find while working working working working working.
rep-1335	hi , i was a geology teacher awhile ago , please tell me something interesting about you	hey there what you up too	hi , i was a geology teacher awhile ago , please tell me something interesting about you	hey there what you up too	nothing much , i just got done finishing arctic exploring , ice fishing and stuff	cool , my mom my mom my mom my mom my mom my mom had a hard job as a army nurse
rep-1336	good morning, how are you today?	i am fine thank you how is your day going?	good morning, how are you today?	i am fine thank you how is your day going?	very well . just got my kid sister to school, now on to the gym .	that is nice of you do you work out often or in your spare time?	i am a body builder, and a blogger . what do you do?	i am a stay at home mom	nothing wrong with with with with that . kids are draining.
rep-1337	hi ! i am watching morning news with my beloved husband . you ?	i am getting ready for work . i am a nurse .	hi ! i am watching morning news with my beloved husband . you ?	i am getting ready for work . i am a nurse .	what a great profession . you would probably tell me to work out more !	ha ha . i try not to preach . do you collect anything ? i collect bears .	i collect my favorite movies my favorite movies my favorite movies my favorite movies my favorite movies . bears are cute !
rep-1338	hello how are you today	not too bad, eating a ribeye at the moment	hello how are you today	not too bad, eating a ribeye at the moment	sounds good, i love steak	i love it almost as much as the sound system i have in my truck	yeah its great i go to the gym 3 times a week	i prefer hiking and camping, cardio at the gym is so boring	i have a lot of free time being single and living alone	you should get into healthcare like my mom, lots of nice ladies	i work in labor at the hospital .	what?! how are you single, you should eat more meat lad .	busy schedule its hard to find the time . i also enjoy my freedom	cannot blame blame blame blame blame blame you there . i know the feeling every time i take a camping trip
rep-1339	hey there how are you today? i hate dogs i run everytime	i am good . just watching the office .	hey there how are you today? i hate dogs i run everytime	i am good . just watching the office .	like to eat? i love to cook .	i am eating a carrot, i do not eat anything sweet .	that is cool i want too	tell tell me something about yourself.
rep-1340	hello how are you doing?	swimmingly . how are you?	hello how are you doing?	swimmingly . how are you?	great thanks . i like to go hunting for polar bears	polar bears? are those like, mythical creatures who cannot swim and live above?	haha i hunt them to eat	oh no! do you hunt mer people also??	a few years ago i was a geology teacher hence i am fascinated by ice .	geology? is that rocks or something? i hide behind those sometimes .	my ex boyfriend taught me how to ice fish . you hide behind rocks? that is nice	oh no . please tell me where he fishes so i can stay away!!	do not be afraid . polar bears is good for eating	my sister got stuck in a fishing net once!	my desire is to search and find arctic explorers	a human explorer? we brought one home once . he died though .	that is sad . i want to find lost explorers then head home .	so so so you are a human hunter and explorer who studies rocks?
rep-1341	hello, how are you this evening?	i am good just getting back from work	hello hello hello hello hello hello, how are you this evening?
rep-1342	good evening . how are you?	having a quiet evening at home with my cats . how are you?	good evening . how are you?	having a quiet evening at home with my cats . how are you?	doing the same . listening to some country music .	i love country music! the stories always give me ideas for writing .	i knit hats for infants at the hospital so i play country music a lot .	sounds like a very cozy life . do you like restaurants?	i do . i am vegan so its hard to order . i love cooking at home tho .	there are no vegan restaurants on the island where i live .	where do you live at?	a small small small small island almost no one has heard of
rep-1343	there are four people in my family . how about yours?	just two right now and a siamese cat .	there are four people in my family . how how how how how how about yours?
rep-1344	hello i am alison . what is your name ?	judy . what do you like about sundays ? football watching is what i like !	hello i am alison . what is your name ?	judy . what do you like about sundays ? football watching is what i like !	on sundays i like to paint	what is your favorite food ? cheese pizza is mine .	i like pizza too , although not my favorite , i like italian food	do you have any pets ? i have three . all dogs . i love them !	i have 2 horses . what type of dogs do you have ?	wow expensive . i have a yorkie , maltese and a mix breed .	how cute , i love little dogs . what are they called ?	christmas , joy and jingle . i love christmas ! my favorite holiday . how about you ?	ha ha , yes christmas is great	how do you feel about halloween ? i like it as well . it is fun !	i do not like halloween , too scary	it can be ! especially the movies especially the movies that come out . i love some though .
rep-1345	i just found out my friend is getting married . i do not know if that is good or bad	that is great! family is awesome . mine lives down the street from me .	i just found out my friend is getting married . i do not know if that is good or bad	that is great! family is awesome . mine lives down the street from me .	i was just at my other friends wedding last week but not me, i am single	are you conservative? i am .	all of my family is an hour away . i moved for a better job in sales	hopefully the pay is is is is is worth it! do you like ford or chevy? my truck is a ford.
rep-1346	hello . how are you tonight ? i am just doing a bit of web design .	i am good , just lifting weights	hello . how are you tonight ? i am just doing a bit of web design web design web design web design web design web design .
rep-1347	hi there , how are you tonight ?	i am tired was a long day at the office the office the office the office the office . how about you ?
rep-1348	good morning, it is beautiful today . do you swim to school?	good morning to you! no, i ice skate to college .	good morning, it is beautiful today . do you swim to school?	good morning to you! no, i ice skate to college .	i could not do that, i have a tail and live in a coral reef .	fun! we must live in totally different climates . i have been out fishing all day .	the fish and other sea creatures are friends of mine .	i mostly use the animals for food . polar bears taste really good and are fun to hunt .	what are polar bears? i have never heard of them . i swim with the penguins .	a big white bear that eats meat . wow penguins! we have those around here .	i am in school most of the day, i will ask neptune about them .	if you ever have a question about rocks, i am your person . i used to teach .	i know mainly about shells and the creatures that inhabit them .	i will learn about that one day . i i am more interested in ice currently.
rep-1349	hello ! i hope you have heard of the band rush	yes . i listen to them as i recover from surgery .	hello ! i hope you have heard of the band rush	yes . i listen to them as i recover from surgery .	neil peart is an incredible drummer . i listen to them while i do graphic design	cool . he is . like me , he eats sardines for breakfast daily .	that is a tough item to swallow first thing in the morning .	yeah , i have to because i never finished hogh school .	well that is something to learn from . maybe get a job in sales like me	maybe , only if i can play frisbee with my two large dogs .	are their names bruce and willis	that is amazing . how did you guess ?	us omnivores just know a thing or two about bruce willis bruce willis bruce willis
rep-1350	hello, how are you today?	i am well just studying for class	hello, how are you today?	i am well just studying for class	what are you studying? i just completed school to be a rn .	i am working on my law degree	oh wow! that is a lot . how much school do you have left?	about two more years how about you	i am done! all i have to do is find a nursing job . i am so excited!	you have any brothers or sister?	i have one sister, but i like to think of her as my best friend . you?	no siblings i wish i had a brother or sister	it is great . we do everything together . shopping with her is the best!	very nice i just focus on my studies at this point	you do not have a boyfriend girlfriend do you? not me . do not need that distraction!	i am single since i i i am super busy with school
rep-1351	hey . want to chat? i am just listening to my favorite music, nirvana .	i was was was was was just reading a biography . i love those.
rep-1352	hi, what did you do today?	hey! a bunch of consulting for a large food service provider you?	hi, what did you do today?	hey! a bunch of consulting for a large food service provider you?	i am a nurse, my mom is also a nurse, an army nurse	oh wow i bet that is exciting .	not really, the only exciting thing about about about about about about my life recently is i got a stray cat
rep-1353	hello , how are you ? hold old are you ? i am 34 .	oh hey , i am a 5 foot , 35 year old woman 35 year old woman 35 year old woman who has a dog , pedro .
rep-1354	hello, how are you today?	a little upset, listening to some pop punk to cheer me up up up up up up.
rep-1355	hi there how are you doing?	i am good, thanks! and you?	hi there how are you doing?	i am good, thanks! and you?	feeling pretty well . have a gig to get ready for shortly	you performing there or going as audience member?	performing, it is a secondary lead part i want . as long as i am not singing	aww, all the best to you! i just finished baking a cake for my kids and hubby .	hot dam send me some too! do you like surfing or skating?	sending you a slice! i do not like either . i enjoy reading .	that is too slow for my taste	you could always read really fast!!	lol have to have that ability first .	blink three times and it becomes your superpower! what do you like cooking?	i am a actor model i do not cook and what i do i burn lol	i burn rice often often often often! it is cool that you act and model.
rep-1356	i think i pulled a muscle on a hike . ever done that ?	yes , i have . on a hike for my homeschool biology class , to a waterfall .	i think i pulled a muscle on a hike . ever done that ?	yes , i have . on a hike for my homeschool biology class , to a waterfall .	that sounds amazing , do you hike a lot ?	when i can , i live in northern cali .	no way , i follow some rappers in cali ! do you like rap ?	i do , tupac is my favorite artist . i am building a robot that looks like him .	a robot ? are you an engineer ?	no , lol . only a teen girl with blue hair who loves cosplay .	i could never cosplay . it is so cool , though	it truly is . we do a lot of things like that in my homeschool group .	tell me more about your homeschooling ! i am getting a degree in education	very nice ! i want to be a biologist . where do you go to school ?	just a local college just a local college just a local college just a local college just a local college just a local college . close to home and all my friends . you ?
rep-1357	hello, what are you up to?	nothing much, just stressed about the semester . you?	hello, what are you up to?	nothing much, just stressed about the semester . you?	i have just been toying around with a new invention . automated bacon fryer!	bacon fryer . hasn t that already been done tho?	not like this one! it takes the bacon right from the fridge!	ah! what s your day job again? lol!	i work at an engineering firm . what are you studying this semester?	tort, constitution law, liability, and legal research	wow! do you have much longer till you graduate?	2 more years . but i i i i i i m thinking about human rights work.
rep-1358	how are you doing today	i am great ! i am sarah ! how are you today ?	how are you doing today	i am great ! i am sarah ! how are you today ?	i am great listening to john denver	that sounds like fun . i am researching for my next trip .	where are you going to	going back to asia , just can not decide the destination . any hobbies ? i love travel .	what is it like ther	i love the culture . its very rich and diverse . i spent half of college there .	what did you do in college	i studied anthropology and world religion .	that sounds interesting . what did you do with it	i work for a group that proves the validity of the jewish faith .	that sounds new and interesting	what kind of job do you have ?	i like to do chores on the farm the farm the farm the farm the farm the farm
rep-1359	hi , i was a geology teacher awhile ago , please tell me something interesting about you	hey there what you up too	hi , i was a geology teacher awhile ago , please tell me something interesting about you	hey there what you up too	nothing much , i just got done finishing arctic exploring , ice fishing ice fishing ice fishing and stuff
rep-1360	hi , tell me about yourself .	i have a pet turtle that i love ! his name is timothy	hi , tell me about yourself .	i have a pet turtle that i love ! his name is timothy	that is cool . i like fantasy videogames . do you play any ?	not really . i like hanging out with people in person	ah . well i am pretty shy so i do not go out with people much .	i understand . i love autumn , how about you ?	yeah , i am from the south so its nice when it cools off for a while .	definitely . my parents went away to bora bora for a while .	oh cool ! my mom my mom is a doctor so my parents travel a lot .
rep-1361	hello! are you listening to music this morning? i love country	no but i am eating eggplant parmigiana!	hello! are you listening to music this morning? i love country	no but i am eating eggplant parmigiana!	you like italian food? i have to get iced tea anytime i go to a restaurant	i love it the best! even my dog charlie loves it!	i had a dog named charlie when i was 10 . that was 10 years ago	cool do you have any brothers or sisters? i have both .	yes they are younger and still live at home	do you live with your parents as well?	no since i got my first job coding and designing websites i moved out	i am in the stocks myself .	interesting . can can can can can can you listen to music at work? like country?
rep-1362	hey there . . how are you doing doing doing today?
rep-1363	hello, how are you tonight? are you a gamer like me?	i am good . you? i am more of a writer .	hello, how are you tonight? are you a gamer like me?	i am good . you? i am more of a writer .	i write a lot at work, so i have other interests .	writing is my work, so i cant get out of it if i tried	i am in computer science, so i build spaceships .	that is awesome!! i worked at a carnival once upon a time .	did you work with the elephants?	no, i worked at the ferris wheel .	those are fun, not as fun as the coasters .	agreed . they do not have dogs, which i am terrified of .	oh no . that is horrible, i love dogs	i had a rough experience with one . a poodle .	those are horrible dogs anyway .	they are . you like scotch?	i do not . i do not drink .	i i i i like to drink it to relax
rep-1364	hi there how are you doing ?	i am good , thanks ! and you ?	hi there how are you doing ?	i am good , thanks ! and you ?	feeling pretty well . have a gig to get ready for shortly	you performing there or going as audience member ?	performing , it is a secondary lead part i want . as long as i am not singing	aww , all the best to you ! i just finished baking a cake for my kids and hubby .	hot dam send me some too ! do you like surfing or skating ?	sending you a slice ! i do not like either . i enjoy reading .	that is too slow for my taste	you could always read really fast ! !	lol have to have that ability that ability that ability that ability that ability first .
rep-1365	hi there, how are you tonight?	i am tired was a long day at the office . how about you?	hi there, how are you tonight?	i am tired was a long day at the office . how about you?	me too . been studying for class .	what class are you studying for?	i am going to school to be a lawyer .	oh i bet that is a lot of studying . do you listen to music when you study?	not usually . my dog max does not care for music .	oh i enjoy listening to oldies music when i am working at my desk all all day.
rep-1366	hello hope you are enjoying your autumn so far	hello how are you? i currently go to college what about you?	hello hope you are enjoying your autumn so far	hello how are you? i currently go to college what about you?	i went to college long ago in bora bora	that is so cool cool cool . are you single? my girl resides with me.
rep-1367	hi . how is it going ? my name is carson	hey there how are you ?	hi . how is it going ? my name is carson	hey there how are you ?	good . just got home from playing frisbee at the park . what have you been doing today ?	hi carson , got any kids ? i do 3 all girls	no , but i do have two great danes . not that that compares to children .	it does not , when was you born ?	i am an 80s baby . 1982 . what about you ?	i was born later in 87	that is cool . i feel much older .	my mom was a firefighter a firefighter an my dad a teacher
rep-1368	hello , how are you today ?	hi , i m fine thanks , you ?	hello , how are you today ?	hi , i m fine thanks , you ?	pretty good . i am here with my fellow soldiers .	good , i love the army .	i joined the army right after high school .	i m old so i can t join them now , hope to retire soon	what kind of work do you do ?	accountant . sitting down hurts my left leg	sorry to hear that . are you in physical therapy ?	no . i ll ride some horses when it hurts , it helps .	there are a lot of soldiers who are into working out .	yes , but i don t tell this to many people , i usually keep it to myself	i am an angry person , so that sometimes drives them away .	do you have facial hair ? i love it when it grows	no , i have short hair . they are strict about how our hair our hair our hair our hair our hair must be .
rep-1369	hello, how are you feeling today?	hello i am feeling alright how about yourself?	hello, how are you feeling today?	hello i am feeling alright how about yourself?	good, i am am am just coding web designs, something i very much enjoy.
rep-1370	hi, how are you?	i am doing good . listening to some john denver .	hi, how are you?	i am doing good . listening to some john denver .	awesome! i am a huge music fan . taylor swift is my absolute favorite singer	oh . what do you like to do?	what do you like to do in in in your spare time?
rep-1371	hey , do you want to see a photo of my fur babies ?	are they horses ? i love horses .	hey , do you want to see a photo a photo a photo a photo of my fur babies ?
rep-1372	hi, do you want to be friends?	sure! can always use more friends . tell me about you	hi, do you want to be friends?	sure! can always use more friends . tell me about you	well i am am a secretary now, but i am looking for better work
rep-1373	hey what are your interests?	i love the mall, shopping is my hobby . do you have any?	hey what are your interests?	i love the mall, shopping is my hobby . do you have any?	yes i love concerts and singing	really? me too, are you in a relationship? i am not as of yet .	what did you pick pick pick pick up at the mall? my life left years ago
rep-1374	hi , do you know how to sew or nit ? i enjoy making my clothing by myself	hi ! no , but 2 of my 3 sisters do know how .	hi , do you know how to sew or nit ? i enjoy making my clothing by myself	hi ! no , but 2 of my 3 sisters do know how .	i recently went on a walk and saw how dirty my environment is , this concerns me .	i contribute to the dirtiness . i party a lot when my band is not playing a gig .	nice , i am more reserved , i just found a stray cat and adopted it	that is sweet . my band is popular . i am the lead singer in it .	nice , what kind of music ?	rock . i like to be pumped up all the time .	i mostly like folk songs , my mother does not approve of rock	i have to make it big . i did not finish high school .	just join the army ? they make good money , my mom is an army nurse	i would rather make it big in music . it has always been my dream .	if it is folk music then i will listen to your music then	maybe we can add folk music one day for you .	i am sure we can , why not ?	that would be awesome . i am always wanting more fans more fans more fans more fans .
rep-1375	i just found out my friend is getting married . i do not know if that is good or bad	that is great! family is awesome . mine lives down the street from me .	i just found out my friend is getting married . i do not know if that is good or bad	that is great! family is awesome . mine lives down the street from me .	i was just at my other friends wedding last week but not me, i am single	are you conservative? i am .	all of my family is an hour away . i moved for a better job in sales	hopefully the pay is worth it! do you like ford or chevy? my truck is a ford .	conservative is just one of those words used by the media . its its all the same
rep-1376	hello how are you ?	good . just got done volunteering for the animal shelter . you ?	hello how are you ?	good . just got done volunteering for the animal shelter . you ?	i am currently watching the news i watch it every night	my parents taught and they always use to make me watch . so boring	i think it is good to know what is going on	i would rather hike the mountains near my house and watch the wildlife .	oh i do not go out much i am more of a nerd	what do you like to do ? i love to listen to barry manila	well i work with computers and then read every spare min i have	what are you currently reading ? i like to read about animals	i am reading some books about the hillary clinton since i vote democrat	interesting . i would vote if barry manila was running !	always vote the barry lol , how is your night going ?	good , currently cuddling with my five animals . you ?	just getting ready for bed , what kind of animals ?	i have two dogs and three cats . its a mad house its a mad house its a mad house its a mad house its a mad house its a mad house
rep-1377	hello, what is the best hotel in your town?	do not know hotels here howdy how are you doing i am fine	hello, what is the best hotel in your town?	do not know hotels here howdy how are you doing i am fine	okay, which place can be good for a couple in this town?	i am not married to my boyfriend no kids from him .	why are you still new lovers?	i am disabled and i stay home to much no new lovers not old either .	did you get an accident or since your birth you were disabled?	my dad passed away while i was still young miss him .	sorry . do you have your mum?	no i worked for some time and then i became disabled but i am okay .	you mean you lost both parents?	yes she lives in florida and i am in new jersey .	good and do you know about jesus?	no my mom is living i am scared of spiders including snakes are you?	they do drive the fear out of me like you you you my friend.
rep-1378	hello! how are you today?	i am okay . missing home today . i am part of the army . currently in south korea	hello! how are you today?	i am okay . missing home today . i am part of the army . currently in south korea	oh it is hard to be so far from home .	yes, for only 21, its hard to be away long	how long have you been in the the the military?
rep-1379	hello , how are you tonight ?	hi , i am doing great , how are you doing ?	hello , how are you tonight ?	hi , i am doing great , how are you doing ?	i am doing wonderfully , just came back from the zoo .	how was the zoo and the animals ?	it was amazing , i bought a new bear to add to my collection my collection my collection .
rep-1380	hey there how are you?	i write books, cookbooks about diet	hey there how are you?	i write books, cookbooks about diet	i am always tired but i am a old man	i am fine, i also have a dieting business that is growing .	what is the name of it? i got 1 leg only only only only only only
rep-1381	hi how are you doing	hi . i am doing well . how about you?	hi how are you doing	hi . i am doing well . how about you?	pretty good where do you work?	i am self employed . a free lance writer writer.
rep-1382	hi , i am an rn and my dog is pedro .	hi i blog about rabbit rescues and compete as a body builder .	hi , i am an rn and my dog is pedro .	hi i blog about rabbit rescues and compete as a body builder .	you have any pets ? i can make , cook and eat muffins all day . you sing ?	no cooking i live with my little sister , also i do not sing but love tim mcgraw .	wow ! i stand five feet , single and sell stuff online .	that is awesome i buy many things online , mostly of my idol theodore roosevelt .	get out ! mine too ! i have the best recipe for rabbit gumbo . i am an author .	what type of books do you write ?	cookbooks ! and thank you for asking . i love pedro but he is getting old .	i am sorry to hear that , pets are the best .	true . you want that rabbit gumbo recipe ?	no , i ran a rabbit rescue blog . i would not be able to eat it .	oh okay . what line of work are you in ? hmmm , wild rabbit muffins ?	i just body just body just body just body just body build mostly . how do you like being an rn ?
rep-1383	hi there how are you doing ?	hi ! i am doing well . how about you ?	hi there how are you doing ?	hi ! i am doing well . how about you ?	great here . just enjoying the quiet afternoon	i am listening to rap music	oh that music gives me headaches i like my oldies .	i go to the gym a lot	that is a healthy hobby . i can not do much gym any more	walking can be good exercise	i do do that . walk my granddaughter to school everyday	oh spending time with your granddaughter must be great . how old is she ?	6 and more energy than any girl should have	i am sure , but she must be a lot of fun .	oh yes . i love making her quilts	quilting is a great hobby a great hobby a great hobby a great hobby very artistic
rep-1384	hello , i love being at home where i can watch tv , which i love .	hello . i live in an apartment . it is a low income residence .	hello , i love being at home where i can watch tv , which i love .	hello . i live in an apartment . it is a low income residence .	do you live alone ? i live with my husband whom i love very much .	yes i live alone because i do not want pets . i do not care for animals .	animals are a lot a lot a lot of work , and i do not like physical activity , or exercise .
rep-1385	hello, how are you tonight?	i am ok considering recovering from surgery yesterday . how are you?	hello, how are you tonight?	i am ok considering considering considering considering considering considering recovering from surgery yesterday . how are you?
rep-1386	hi ! how are you ? do you have any hobbies ?	hi . yeah , i guess . i love going to the theater for movies .	hi ! how are you ? do you have any hobbies ?	hi . yeah , i guess . i love going to the theater for movies .	that is cool ! do you have a favorite movie a favorite movie a favorite movie a favorite movie a favorite movie a favorite movie ?
rep-1387	hi there , i am jordan and a vet	hi jordan . that is my brothers name . he just got married	hi there , i am jordan and a vet	hi jordan . that is my brothers name . he just got married	that is nice where are you from	i was born in arizona so that is what i named my cat . you ?	i am from california but i moved to florida a year ago	do you like it ?	yeah everything but the snakes	i like to play the game snakes and ladders but nothing else about snakes is good	i like snakes , i have one just not venomous ones	i read a biography once about a snake charmer . interesting	well what do you do for fun	i play monopoly or risk or any board game really	i play video games a lot	i never really got into them but i like reading too . do you read ?	yes ! i love drama books and horror ones horror ones horror ones horror ones horror ones horror ones
rep-1388	i am drunk on scotch right now, you?	i cannot afford alcohol . i can barely afford to pay my other bills each month .	i am drunk on scotch right now, you?	i cannot afford alcohol . i can barely afford to pay my other bills each month .	i use to work at the local carnival, i can understand a tight budget	i work as a kindergarten teacher . i love kids!	kids are over rated, i like cats	i see . did you graduate college? i just did two years ago .	i did, school for superheros	that is awesome! where is that? i live in seattle .	monkey shoulder virginia where they produce superhero movies the evil ones	i have not heard of that town . i share an apartment with 2 roommates .	sounds like you could use some scotch	i could! i just wish i could afford it .	what are you afraid of?	i am afraid of not being being being being being being able to pay my bills.
rep-1389	hey how are you today	hello , my leg is really giving me pain today .	hey how are you today	hello , my leg is really giving me pain today .	i am sorry hope you feel better soon .	thank you . what are you doing ?	getting ready to take my wife and kids to dinner	i am just about to cook dinner ; what will you order ?	i think my youngest son said he wanted pizza	i like pizza . do you let your son make the decisions the decisions ?
rep-1390	hello, do you like softball and italian food?	i do, i really love to drive my mustang convertible to an italian restaurant .	hello, do you like softball and italian food?	i do, i really love to drive my mustang convertible to an italian restaurant .	i go eat when i am finished with taekwondo	oh, i like fitness too, but i am a big person . but it does not stop me .	nor should it! my husband is a big guy too . he is off on a softball tourney .	being married is wonderful . do you have children? i adore mine .	no, i do not . i mentor at risk youth though .	that is an important job . my job is a kindergarten teacher, so i can relate .	it sure is . i would not trade it for the world .	i agree . in order to balance life, i live by the sea and swim daily .	i love the sea, and am hoping to move move move to it soon.
rep-1391	hey . how are you? tell me something about you?	hi, here is not much to me other than i like to stay at home	hey . how are you? tell me something about you?	hi, here is not much to me other than i like to stay at home	as a homeschooled student, i am home as well .	yeah, i do not really like to do anything but sit down and watch tv	one of my interests in engineering . i built my best friend .	that is nice . i do not like any kind of physical activity	you should get out more . being sedentary leads to obesity	i tried but i do not like exercising .	where are you you you from? i find location may be the reason you are a home body.
rep-1392	good morning, it is beautiful today . do you swim to school?	good morning to you! no, i ice skate to college .	good morning, it is beautiful today . do you swim to school?	good morning to you! no, i ice skate to college .	i could not do that, i have a tail and live in a coral reef .	fun! we must live in totally different climates . i have been out fishing all day .	the fish and other sea creatures are friends of mine .	i mostly use the animals for food . polar bears taste really good and are fun to hunt .	what are polar bears? i have never heard of them . i swim with the penguins .	a big white bear that eats meat . wow penguins! we have those around here .	i am in school most of the day, i will ask neptune about about about about about them.
rep-1393	hi ! i love to party and jam to metallica . what are your hobbies ?	i enjoy spending time with my 3 girls not my ex though	hi ! i love to party and jam to metallica . what are your hobbies ?	i enjoy spending time with my 3 girls not my ex though	exes are bummers . i hang with my two brothers mostly . where did you grow up ?	i grew up in the last was . not sure what that means but it is true	sounds interesting , ha ! i come from wisconsin , lots of snow and cold for me ! i love it .	brr ! what do your parents do ? my dad my dad was a firefighter and mom was a teacher
rep-1394	hello , how are you doing this afternoon ?	i am doing great , how are you ?	hello , how are you doing this afternoon ?	i am doing great , how are you ?	i am well , thank you ! i am listening to oldies . i love this genre .	i am a metallica fan a metallica fan a metallica fan a metallica fan a metallica fan a metallica fan , myself . ready for winter ?
rep-1395	i divorced doug , gave up my kids and killed the cat . hi , name is john .	hi john . jessie here . i am from canada . where are you from ?	i divorced doug , gave up my kids and killed the cat . hi , name is john .	hi john . jessie here . i am from canada . where are you from ?	get out ! i make and sell jewelry online . i am from new york . you married ?	just recently to my high school sweetheart . we are both 19 .	hi jessie . you sing ? you married young huh ? any pets ?	oh , i love to sing in the shower country mostly . what music do you like ?	jazz . whats your spouse name jessie ? i am 40 .	oh , my husband alex likes jazz .	i see . i hate to sit still so i dance . you dance jessie ?	no , not really . i only dance if i drink . mostly , i stick to iced tea iced tea iced tea , though .
rep-1396	hi how are you doing	very good , how are you today ?	hi how are you doing	very good , how are you today ?	i am good just made breakfast	yummy ! i love to cook , but that makes me unhappy about my weight	oh that is too bad you should find some yummy healthy recipes	yes i should , but my three kids like junk food lol	haha of course they do maybe sneak in healthy things in their dinner	it is hard to eat together , since i work days and my husband works overnights	oh wow that sounds like a busy schedule	do you have any pets ? we have cats , which we love	no but i want to get a dog	that would be nice , i love dogs too .	yeah they are really great but can sometimes be a lot of work	yes they can be , do you have any hobbies ?	i like to listen to classical music classical music classical music classical music classical music classical music
rep-1397	hi i am darlene and my family comes from canada .	hello how are you today?	hi i am darlene and my family comes from canada .	hello how are you today?	i am good, i love music especially country, how about you?	i love to wake up before the sun shines .	i am a late sleeper but my favorite drink happens to be iced tea, do you have one?	i love creating kids pop up books .	sounds like a lot of fun, i enjoy web design, the coding part of it .	my town population is only 2000 people .	wow everyone must know each other, i live in a large city .	i am my daughter teacher at homeschooling .	sounds interesting, although i would not have the patience .	i hate cats they make me sneeze	i like cats and dogs but have no pets or kids .	what are your plans for this evening?	i i i i hope to get some coding done while relaxing with my iced tea, you?
rep-1398	i just finished spending time with my children three girls	sweet ! i just finished skating . that is my job , to do tricks on my skateboard .	i just finished spending time with my children three girls	sweet ! i just finished skating . that is my job , to do tricks on my skateboard .	you can teach my three girls to do that because i m separated with my husband	do they like chips ? i cannot be in a house that has chips , hate them .	i m actually late morning and i parents are teachers and firefighters	a firefighter helped remove the tail that i was born with .	so good you still remember	my mom never let me forget .	you have a nice parents then right	well , she died walking into my workplace in high school hollister high school hollister high school hollister . my dad is though .
rep-1399	hi , what did you do today ?	hey ! a bunch of consulting for a large food service provider you ?	hi , what did you do today ?	hey ! a bunch of consulting for a large food service provider you ?	i am a nurse , my mom is also a nurse , an army nurse	oh wow i bet that is exciting .	not really , the only exciting thing about my life recently is i got a stray cat	my brother is in the army one of them anyway . you like cats ?	i love cats , i love dressing cats dressing cats dressing cats dressing cats , i made a cat sweater , i love knitting
rep-1400	hi, i was a geology teacher awhile ago, please tell me something interesting about you	hey there what you up too	hi, i was a geology teacher awhile ago, please tell me something interesting about you	hey there what you up too	nothing much, i just got done finishing arctic exploring, ice fishing and stuff	cool, my mom had a hard job as a army nurse	is she still working there?	no thank god, i kind of got a cat it was a stray	is that your passions cat? i like to find long lost arctic explorers	no it is not mine is clothes an singing folk music	well whatever keeps your mind active, i was a geology teacher and it was boring	i bet it is lol	yeah that is why i am in the arctic, i feel super bad	your students were in what grade?	i did not do good, i failed most of my classes and i am dyslexic	why? it is freezing there	yeah and i fight polar bears	i am also so so so so so i get it
rep-1401	hi how are you ?	i feel fat today actually	hi how are you ?	i feel fat today actually	how come ? i am making barbecue right now . i love it !	i am just a great cook so eating too much makes me not happy with my weight	what do you cook ? do you exercise ?	we eat cats in my country my country my country my country my country my country after the gym . i love them ! so do my three kids .
rep-1402	hello, how are you doing?	so tired . just got off job 1 and off to job 2 soon . you?	hello, how are you doing?	so tired . just got off job 1 and off to job 2 soon . you?	i am reading fashion magazines .	oh, do you like that kind of stuff? models, shoes, fashion?	yeah, i want to learn to make clothes .	like movie costumes costumes costumes costumes costumes and stuff like that?
rep-1403	hey, how how how how how how are you doing? want some granola?
rep-1404	how are you today? i like you	i am great . just relaxing and knitting some hats for the babies at my old job .	how are you today? i like you	i am great . just relaxing and knitting some hats for the babies at my old job .	where did you use to work?	childrens hospital until i became disabled . what do you do?	i rent out houses to people	that is a great industry . what kind of music do you like?	like people who are handy?	yes . i love to cook and i am looking for someone to build me some cooling racks .	lol, i like classic cars	me too what is your favorite? chevelle? cadillac? oldsmobile?	i i i i i get sick on seafood
rep-1405	hey ! i just got back from working at the grocery store .	that is cool ! what do you do there ? i just got home from dance	hey ! i just got back from working at the grocery store .	that is cool ! what do you do there ? i just got home from dance	stocking mostly . after hours the girl in charge blasts taylor swift .	woah ! that is cool . i am cleaning up after my dog ralph .	oh , tell me about cleaning up ! my two horses can make a mess !	i believe that . i am nervous about school with all the race stuff going on .	i hear ya . i am in a big city and it is getting anxious here .	my mom and dad are not here anymore , and being mixed i have questions .	what kind of questions ? about yourself ?	yeah and why people are so mean . i live with my sis , but she ignores it .	well , when i am not burning my spare time painting , i research . you could too .	what do you paint ? and it is not the same .	i paint landscape images landscape images landscape images landscape images mostly .
rep-1406	good evening . vietnam veteran here .	nice . i am in the south korean army the south korean army the south korean army .
rep-1407	just got home from the hospital . listening to jazz, my favorite . and you?	i like music to relax . but mostly to read	just got home from the hospital . listening to jazz, my favorite . and you?	i like music to relax . but mostly to read	i like to read! and run after a day of caring for kids .	what do you like to read? i like biographies	mostly medical journals . oh, and vintage cars . i love them .	i like to cook . it is a challenge to cook something my son will eat	between my marriage, my practice practice practice practice and my own 2 kids, i do not cook often.
rep-1408	hi there , i am marcus , how are you today ?	hi the jack here , i am good	hi there , i am marcus , how are you today ?	hi the jack here , i am good	good to hear jack , how is the weather where you are ?	beautiful and sunny nice day for gardening yours ?	i wish i could say , got another 5 hours on this rotation .	oh that sucks i am scared of water but i like to garden ponder that	that is definately interesting . i love everything outdoors and sports . hitting the weights with my brother later .	sounds like a good past time	i like it , better than being in the hospital the hospital the hospital the hospital all day and night .
rep-1409	hey there . how is it going ?	not bad . currently writing my third novel . all about romance .	hey there . how is it going ?	not bad . currently writing my third novel . all about romance .	how long have you been writing for ?	over 20 years . living far away on an island helps me gather thoughts .	i did not graduate from high school , so writing novels seems like a great achievement !	well , i keep to myself alot . not very social . wish i was more outgoing .	my two dogs are my best friends . do you have any pets ?	one dog and two cats . great companions . any children ?	i have one son and one daughter one daughter one daughter one daughter one daughter one daughter . how about you ?
rep-1410	hi , renee here . i am a beach bum and i have to diet to look good . you ?	i like to cook . i write about it .	hi , renee here . i am a beach bum and i have to diet to look good . you ?	i like to cook . i write about it .	great ! mr . ed is my fave animal . my dad own a toyota store . you sing ?	no i do not . i like theatre though	get out ! me too ! i need a nail tech person . i broke a nail .	do you like to exercise	yes ! i dance alot too . you dance ? i count calories . you ?	i like to run and go to the gym the gym the gym the gym the gym the gym . i have two left feet .
rep-1411	you will never guess who i am .	hehe who are you? did we chat before?	you will never never never never never guess who i am.
rep-1412	hey there . how are you ?	hey there . i am fine . what about you ?	hey there . how are you ?	hey there . i am fine . what about you ?	been better . stressful day at work .	do you work on sundays ?	yep . i work fast food . always working on a sunday .	how old are you ? if do not mind to share it .	i am 20 and i have been doing this for 4 years .	you are too young . do you study ?	no . i left high school at 16 to help my family . trying to get my ged soon .	i feel so sorry . you should get it soon .	yeah trying my best but helping my family out of these bad apartments is my main goal .	god help you and make you rich one day .	haha thanks haha thanks haha thanks . enough about me . what do you like to do ?
rep-1413	i just found out my friend is getting married . i do not know if that is good or bad	that is great ! family is awesome . mine lives down the street from me .	i just found out my friend is getting married . i do not know if that is good or bad	that is great ! family is awesome . mine lives down the street from me .	i was just at my other friends wedding last week but not me , i am single	are you conservative ? i am .	all of my family is an hour away . i moved for a better job in sales	hopefully the pay is worth it ! do you like ford or chevy ? my truck is a ford .	conservative is just one of those words used by the media . its all the same	i disagree . every sunday i am in church . generally the more conservative are there .	both are good but i want one of the new tesla electric cars .	oh , an electric car would be cool . that would be good for the environment .	i go to church for weddings like my friends last week but i am not religious	i understand . organized religion is not for everyone .	i think they will all be electric soon . electric cars were first before gas	oh really ? i did not know that .	i am a care salesman so i know a lot about all inds all inds of cars
rep-1414	hello i am a real estate agent in canada where are you ?	hi there i teach biology college biology college biology college
rep-1415	hello, i have been busy singing karaoke; what are you doing?	i am good busy with 2 part time jobs	hello, i have been busy singing karaoke; what are you doing?	i am good busy with 2 part time jobs	well, i understand the need for money .	yeah i wannawrite book someday	that sounds like a neat idea . i was in the army and consider telling my stories .	i wannawrite fantasy but for now i will just was lord of the rings	i do not watch much television .	i tend too where i get ideas from	oh for your stories? i understand . well i have plenty to tell .	what are some of yours	well since i was in the army, i have stories of war .	i bet that can be interesting	oh yes, especially since i am cannot be around dogs and and and and and and worked with them.
rep-1416	hi there, i am jordan and and and a vet
rep-1417	how are you you tonight? i am working on some crafts as we talk .	nice, is that what you always do after dinner?	how are you you tonight? i am working on some crafts as we talk .	nice, is that what you always do after dinner?	usually . it is preparation for tomorrow . i homeschool my kid .	i spend all most all day in a school with my sea creature friends .	are you a fish? i like fish . i am allergic to most other animals, like cats .	kind of . i have a tail as feet and wavy hair . are you?	oh, so you are a mermaid . we do not have any mermaids in our small town .	you do not live in the sea like me? where do you live?	i live in a small town in ohio .	what do you do there? i explore with my friends after dinner	i just just raise my kid and enjoy small town life.
rep-1418	hello . how are you? tell me about yourself .	hello well i love ice tea, country music, and love love traveling hbu?
rep-1419	hello ! how was your day ?	hi i am joanna and i just graduated from usc . how are you ?	hello ! how was your day ?	hi i am joanna and i just graduated from usc . how are you ?	i am doing okay , but it was kind of a rough day at work .	my day was great . i was singing all day . i do it professionally	oh , nice ! what type of music do you enjoy the most ?	what kind of work ? i like it all but mostly jazz and rock .	nursing . i have worked on the pediatric ward for many years .	i was born and raised in south carolina but hope to get away soon	where would you like to go ?	anywhere but here . i am stuck on my parents farm	sounds awful . i would have a hard time a hard time a hard time a hard time a hard time a hard time living with my parents , especially my father .
rep-1420	hey, how is the weather out there?	it is pretty hot but good for working in my garden .	hey, how is the weather out there?	it is pretty hot but good for working in my garden .	do you garden a lot?	yes, it is plenty of food for my family with plenty to give away .	aw, that is so nice . i should garden for my sister	your vegetables will taste better . what kind of work do you do?	i do whatever jobs pay the bills, i have to take care of my sister and me	i work in in in a pipe factory . it pays well but is dangerous.
rep-1421	hey , do you have any pets	yes i have a hunting dog .	hey , do you have any pets	yes i have a hunting dog .	i have a lot of pets .	oh nice what do you do ?	i mainly just sit and look at mountains ,	ok i can sell you a house on a mountain .	i would like that . for how much ?	depends if you want a remote location with no neighbors or some neighbors .	none . i just want my animal	it be about a million for your house on a mountain	none . i just want my animal	animals over people are sometimes best .	none . i just want my animal	i only dislike shellfish	good thing i have a lot a lot a lot a lot a lot of money
rep-1422	he ; ; o . how are you this day	dogs really scares me , i live in an apartment that i rent	he ; ; o . how are you this day	dogs really scares me , i live in an apartment that i rent	they mess with my allergies . plus i have a military disability .	i am doing good and you ? i am a woman at age 32	i am a motherless lonesome fella . i am 46	sorry to heard that , i am single just to let you know	straight out of school to regular army i have been a bar hopper .	you kinda old , do you like to read books ? i read romance novels romance novels
rep-1423	hi there! where are you from?	mississippi . best jazz around! how about you?	hi there! where are you from?	mississippi . best jazz around! how about you?	california! not much jazz around here though!	i was just there for a vintage car show . nice state!	my best friend eve 9000 and and and and and and i like car shows sometimes!
rep-1424	hi there . how are you	i am good . just got back from a run .	hi there . how are you	i am good . just got back from a run .	sounds fun . i just finished my favorite show one tree hill	do you have any kids?	i have two . boy and a girl	i have two boys, 2 and 4 .	sweet . good ages . mine are 12 and 9 .	what do you do for a living?	i am a registered nurse in the pediatric wing at the hospital here	oh cool! i am actually a pediatrician!	small world! look at us go hah	do you have any hobbies?	eating pizza, and reading tarot cards	i love anything to do with with with with with with vintage cars.
rep-1425	hello , how are you tonight ? are you a gamer like me ?	i am good . you ? i am more of a writer .	hello , how are you tonight ? are you a gamer like me ?	i am good . you ? i am more of a writer .	i write a lot at work , so i have other interests other interests other interests other interests other interests .
rep-1426	hello . do you like animals?	i love all cute things! babies are on the top of my list now	hello . do you like animals?	i love all cute things! babies are on the top of my list now	i love babies too! right now i have 2 dogs . no cats . i hate them .	right?! i have actually been knitting hats for babies in hospitals for last few years	that is so cool! i am only in middle school but i could do that .	i am a few years older, whats your favorite music? mine is country!	i like rock and pop . i want to be an actor after after after after high school.
rep-1427	hello , how are you tonight ? do you know where edris island is ?	i do not . i work in an animal shelter tho . i am the cleaner there .	hello , how are you tonight ? do you know where edris island is ?	i do not . i work in an animal shelter tho . i am the cleaner there .	that is okay , i have a dog , ralph .	i love dogs . i like them better than humans at times .	same here . my parents passed and it is only my sister and i .	you like music ? simple plan is my fav . band .	my favorite is oomph . have you heard of them ?	no i have not . what genre what genre what genre what genre what genre are they ?
rep-1428	good morning , it is beautiful today . do you swim to school ?	good morning to you ! no , i ice skate to college .	good morning , it is beautiful today . do you swim to school ?	good morning to you ! no , i ice skate to college .	i could not do that , i have a tail and live in a coral reef .	fun ! we must live in totally different climates . i have been out fishing all day .	the fish and other sea creatures are friends of mine .	i mostly use the animals for food . polar bears taste really good and are fun to hunt .	what are polar bears ? i have never heard of them . i swim with the penguins the penguins the penguins the penguins .
rep-1429	hey there how are you today ?	i am great how are you ?	hey there how are you today ?	i am great how are you ?	like bbq ? i love bbq a lot	i do too ! what do you do for a living ? i works as a handyman a handyman a handyman a handyman a handyman .
rep-1430	hey there good night	hi there what are you up to	hey there good night	hi there what are you up to	just getting this extra money since i work at kfc	o ok nothing like making a lil extra the good thing in todays day you can	yes so true i am happy about that, like to run?	yea here and there i am more into crafts	that is cool cool, i dropped out of school
rep-1431	hey there how are you ? what are you doing ?	i am good . just hanging out with my dog max . what are you up to ?	hey there how are you ? what are you doing ?	i am good . just hanging out with my dog max . what are you up to ?	not much dreaming of how successful i can become on here with focus	i struggle with focus . i am always daydreaming about travel and different adventures	i wish my parents had more then me but oh well	we always want the opposite . i moved in with my girlfriend to get away	well i am also still in school	me too . i am a full time student at bacon university .	so are you okay there	i love it . i am taking a class a class a class a class a class on the history of oreos
rep-1432	hello there, how are you?	hi there! i am well, and you you you you you you?
rep-1433	hello how are you tonight ?	i am engage to my high school sweetheart .	hello how are you tonight ?	i am engage to my high school sweetheart .	i see a lot of high school sweet hearts being a teacher and all !	you probably seen my doug . he is a sport person a sport person on tv .
rep-1434	hi there how are you today ?	i am good , and how are you ?	hi there how are you today ?	i am good , and how are you ?	i am good just relaxing i am currently in south korea serving	i thank you for serving !	thank you where are you from i am from puerto rico	i am just packing to move to nyc !	wow that is awesome where from	i am originally from california though !	o ok well i hope you like it . i could never move there	how come ? i am moving to nyc for modeling !	i tend to be violent person with large crowds	also , i enjoy karaoke , but i am not very good at it !	i like it too with a few shots a few shots a few shots a few shots a few shots a few shots in me
rep-1435	hello friend . how are you?	doing well . how are you?	hello friend . how are you?	doing well . how are you?	feeling very inspired today actually . where are you you you from?
rep-1436	hey how are you today	hi ! i am doing well how are you ?	hey how are you today	hi ! i am doing well how are you ?	i am doing great ! just brought my newborn son home .	congratulations ! have you had to take time off work ?	yeah he is our first child so i took off to help adjust with him and our puppy	that is great that you have a job that you can do that !	yeah i really love my boss . what is your favorite movie ?	i love civil war movies . my hobby is collecting civil war antiques .	that is great ! i love titanic i have seen it more than 9 times .	that is a great movie . that was my 2nd husbands favorite	i like to build model cars but want to build a model of the ship	that would be super cool . my 3rd husband loved cars .	are you married now	yes for the 4th time . my first three husbands my first three husbands my first three husbands my first three husbands my first three husbands my first three husbands passed away .
rep-1437	hello how are you ?	i am fine shopping for clothes wyd ?	hello how are you ?	i am fine shopping for clothes wyd ?	what kind of clothes ? i am just playing with ginger my golden retriever	i like jeans an boots	what is your favorite store ? i did not shop at all when i studied abroad	amazon is my favorite store my favorite store my favorite store , you cannot go wrong .
rep-1438	hey what is up my man ?	hi . nothing much . just busy with my latest quilting project .	hey what is up my man ?	hi . nothing much . just busy with my latest quilting project .	i really love crafting a lot	me too ! cross stitching is another favorite . what are your hobbies ?	making crafts , haha . i do not have much free time	my dad served in the military , so i quilt blankets for vets . what do you do ?	i homeschool my son . that is it .	that takes a lot of work . nothing wrong with that .	i know , i am fabulous . what do you do ?	mostly spend my retirement years helping americans . baby boomer here .	are you very old ? that is cool	65 . just a kid . keeping up my parents legacy . proud american immigrants	do you have any pets any pets ?
rep-1439	hi have any hobbies i eat oreos to hide my pain	no hobbies , but i too love oreos , although i am dieting right now .	hi have any hobbies i eat oreos to hide my pain	no hobbies , but i too love oreos , although i am dieting right now .	i eat them cause i am in transition	transition ? what do you do for fun ? i like going to the beach the beach the beach the beach the beach .
rep-1440	hi, i live in wine country, wrote a book at home, 17 with blue hair . you?	i am a divorced mom with two kids and my job is an accountant .	hi, i live in wine country, wrote a book at home, 17 with blue hair . you?	i am a divorced mom with two kids and my job is an accountant .	great! you play with your children? i do . california has the best sun .	here in ohio, i take the kids hiking on the weekends .	wow! i am a writer who was homeschooled . my book release is december .	very cool! i need to get my honda civic in the shop for annual service .	yes you should . you like blue hair? i do and have it .	i like blue hair . is it dark blue or light blue?	greenish blue . i am only 17 but i know a lot .	right on . what is your book about?	identity theft . you color your hair? if so what color is it?	my hair color is dirty blonde .	hmmm . very interesting . were you you you you you you homeschooled? i was . you sing?
rep-1441	hi i am joanna . i sing blues professionally	oh that is cool . i can do your hair before a show . hair stylist here haha	hi i am joanna . i sing blues professionally	oh that is cool . i can do your hair before a show . hair stylist here haha	great ! i do work on my fathers hobby farm in my spare time	oh that sounds like hard work . can i bring all 3 of my dogs to the farm ?	sure ! my mom teaches music . i discovered in her class that i had singing talent	oh wow . i gotta hear you sing one day haha	can you dye hair too ? i was going to dye my hair purple for my next show	yes i do everything . except sunday . that is when i watch football	sunday is when i watch horror films . so that is out for me too .	haha cool cool . i cant wait till christmas . my favorite holiday	my usc former classmates get together at christmas for a jam session . my favourite time too	oh awesome . that must be a good time lol	do you have any hobbies ?	besides styling hair styling hair i smoke pot haha
rep-1442	hi, my name is batista . what is yours?	oh, i am just a blue haired teenager . how are you today?	hi, my name is batista . what is yours?	oh, i am just a blue haired teenager . how are you today?	ha ha ok blue hair . i chilling playing my guitar .	guitar is cool . i really like music .	yeah, i love blues, what music do you like?	being homeschooled, i listen to a lot of kinds . it keeps me busy .	homeschooled, huh you must live in the boonies	surprisingly, i am from california . but i hate it .	yeah i got ya ya ya, big cities suck big time
rep-1443	hello, what are you up to?	hi, not doing much . recovering my brother wedding was saturday	hello, what are you up to?	hi, not doing much . recovering my brother wedding was saturday	how was it? i am about to eat some steak	it was too much fun! steak sounds good	i just grilled it . what do you do for fun?	i like board games . how about you	camping and hiking are my favorite	i used to go camping in arizona, that is why named my cat arizona	cool name . i do not have any pets	cats are my favorite . just graduated vet school	my mom is in the healthcare field . that is not for me	i like working pets more than people people people people people
rep-1444	hello there ! how are you ?	i am doing well . i am taking a break at work i am a factory worker .	hello there ! how are you ?	i am doing well . i am taking a break at work i am a factory worker .	i am playing a video game at the moment . how long is your break ?	about 30 minutes . i like football video games . my favorite team is the buckeyes .	i like playing final fantasy .	i played the two on super nes when i was younger . do you exercise ?	i dance a lot ! that is my exercise !	my friend wants me to go swimming at the gym pool , but i am scared of water .	i would help you if i could , but i am too shy .	the only person that can help me is me . do you have other hobbies ?	you are right . i like programming . i have a degree in computer science computer science computer science computer science computer science . you ?
rep-1445	did you pull your tag on elk this year? i have been spotting up by the wolf ridge .	i actually was not able to get an elk tag this season .	did you pull your tag on elk this year? i have been spotting up by the wolf ridge .	i actually was not able to get an elk tag this season .	what are you going to do instead?	i might go and see metallica metallica metallica metallica metallica with the money instead.
rep-1446	hello, how are you today?	hi hi hi . i am fine . my parents would be mad if they knew i was up.
rep-1447	how are you today? i am doing great myself	i am great! it is hot here in south carolina today .	how are you today? i am doing great myself	i am great! it is hot here in south carolina today .	i love south carolina what part are you in?	charleston . i moved here after graduation from from from from usc.
rep-1448	hi there how are you today?	i am super swell, got home from a good day at work	hi there how are you today?	i am super swell, got home from a good day at work	oh what do you do for a living?	i worl at my local petsmart, stocking heavy bags of food	so do you have any pets?	yeah my dog lassie and my cat oliver	i do not have a pet but i do have a kid i think the world of	i am my dads world lol, he is a retired cop	that is cool . i am a kindergarten teacher	is your kid in your class? that would be fun	no not yet she is a little to young	i love love love love love love to go running, its my favorite passion . i wish i ran for a living
rep-1449	hello , how are you today ?	hello i am doing well . hanging out with my dog pedro	hello , how are you today ?	hello i am doing well . hanging out with my dog pedro	what kind of dog is he ?	he is a yorkie . perfect size for me since i am only five feet tall .	how old is your dog ?	he is five . he likes to eat muffins like me .	do you take him to the dog park ?	yes , there is one at my job at the healthcare industry .	do you like your job ? i am in real estate .	yes . i also like film do you ?	i like movies about history .	so do i . i also like documentaries , do you ?	yes , i like most of them . as long as it is something i am interested in .	same here . anything else you want to share with me ?	sure , i like working on cars .	what kind of cars ? my car my car my car needs to get fixed . maybe you can find mine ?
rep-1450	good evening , i am taking a study break , how are you tonight ?	i am well . i just got home from hairdresser school .	good evening , i am taking a study break , how are you tonight ?	i am well . i just got home from hairdresser school .	that is awesome , it is really tough being a two year law student .	try having to cook for two sons after school ! ha ha	i bet that can be challenging , it sounds like success is important to both of us .	yes it is . what do you usually eat for breakfast ?	how long is your program ? i like cream of wheat maple syrup . what about you ?	it is 2 years . i love to eat granola for breakfast , every day .	that is great , i am done two years i have a couple more to go .	that is great . i have been saving up for some vintage 50s decorations some vintage 50s decorations some vintage 50s decorations lately .
rep-1451	hello, how are you tonight?	ok for living in the sea	hello, how are you tonight?	ok for living in the sea	seattle? me too, i have two room mates!	not seattle but ocean . i spend all my days at school .	nice . i graduated about two years ago, now i teach kindergarten	i like checking out the sea creatures .	i am not a fan of sea creatures . i prefer my cat . how about you?	i like cats . but i like my tail as feet	wow that is pretty interesting	i i i i i i have long wavy hair what about you?
rep-1452	hello how are you today ?	i am doing well . glad that monday is done and over with . how are you ?	hello how are you today ?	i am doing well . glad that monday is done and over with . how are you ?	good what kind of music do you like ? i am really into music myself !	i really like pop and rock music . how about you ?	i like pink floyd but other kids my age not not into them .	i am sure there are kids your age who likes pink floyd	not around here . it is all country , rap or a weird fusion of the two .	oh . do you currently work , or in school ?	i am still in middle school . are you still in school ?	yes , i am in college . i am looking to be a fashion designer . how about you ?	i want to be an actor when i get older .	are you in drama theatre drama theatre drama theatre drama theatre drama theatre in school ?
rep-1453	hi ! i drive a ford truck ! what o you drive ?	i drive a toyota ! what is your favorite band ?	hi ! i drive a ford truck ! what o you drive ?	i drive a toyota ! what is your favorite band ?	a christian rock band called p . o . d .	i am still rocking to nirvana . i love animals !	that is cool ! i grew up super conservative	my grandfather , all my uncles and my dad were police officers .	my dad , who lives right down the street , is a police officer too !	i have always wanted to be a cop . i work with animals .	i love animals ! since i grew up conservative i got to church every sunday	that is pretty sweet . i love making everyday sunday i cant get him off my mind .	amen ! what do you do for fun ?	i like to run , create art , and take naps ! how about you ?	naps are my favorite ! i like to shoot guns and ride horses	i want a ranch a ranch a ranch a ranch a ranch full of animals . i am getting hungry . i need to start making dinner .
rep-1454	hello , how are you feeling today ?	hello i am feeling alright how about yourself ?	hello , how are you feeling today ?	hello i am feeling alright how about yourself ?	good , i am just coding web designs , something i very much enjoy .	hello i am feeling alright how about yourself ?	my family and i are originally from canada . where are you from ?	wow that sounds interesting i just got done closing on my new home .	i am in my young adult years , i am not ready to buy a home .	this is my first one it was an interesting process	well congrats on your home ! what are your hobbies ?	well i run my a dog obedience school so that is where most of time is spent	sounds cool . i am thirsty . i wish i had some iced tea , my favorite drink .	i love sweet tea but then again i like anything with sugar	same here . i definitely have a sweet tooth .	so what hobbies are you into ?	i love coding web designs coding web designs coding web designs coding web designs , i am kind of a computer geek .
rep-1455	hello there . where are you from?	i am so excited i just got engaged!	hello there . where are you from?	i am so excited i just got engaged!	congratulations! how old are yoy?	the united states . how about you?	usa also . i live in pennsylvania	i am 30 years old . what is your favorite sport?	i love football . what is your favorite sport .	i like soccer . i like watching it on tv .	do you like watching watching watching mls or prefer world cup?
rep-1456	good evening! how are you	i am good i am eating pizza which is the best food	good evening! how are you	i am good i am eating pizza which is the best food	that sounds yummy . i am getting ready for bed	i am also i have a big family 6 sisters and one brother	i do not have any family . just my new cat	i work for my moms restaurant part time what do you do?	i make clothing, i make all my own clothes and also sell some	cool i wish i could do that . i stutter when i get excited with things	you should try singing . i sing folk music .	good idea . i like to read romances about paranormal things	that is a very specific interest	do you like to watch movies?	not really . i like listening to music more	cool what kind kind of music do you like?
rep-1457	how is your day going so far ?	good , just gardening in my large garden !	how is your day going so far ?	good , just gardening in my large garden !	that sounds fun ! i am tending to my meat rabbits	meat rabbits ? do you like traveling ? i love it	i hike and camp in the mountains does that count ?	yes , definitely . i have been to 6 countries actually .	i enjoy meat , find it healthier to raise and butcher myself	that sounds so harsh , but i like meat as well . i guess i get it	i blast my stereo in my truck chop chop chop	do you live out in the country ?	yes my daddy my daddy my daddy is retired from male stripping
rep-1458	hello, how are you doing?	i am doing very well . looking at travel brochures .	hello, how are you doing?	i am doing very well . looking at travel brochures .	awesome, do you like onions? i love them! gonna travel?	i do not, and yes . hopefully to italy .	nice place . i like it, i am not a person who likes cats . hate them	i have a huge malamute . he thinks he is a lap dog .	i have one also, as long as my job, i have had my job for years	i do not work, my husband does all of that .	what a great husband he is	he is, i am very lucky .	its such a nice snowy night here in idaho falls	is that anywhere near caldwell?	its pretty far, 4 hours	i have a friend who lives there .	oh nice i just googled it, said caldwell murders	lol . yeah . i never did figure out what that was all about . i do not not not not not visit.
rep-1459	hello there ! how are you today ?	hi i am doing great at the truck stop waiting to get loaded	hello there ! how are you today ?	hi i am doing great at the truck stop waiting to get loaded	oh ! you are a truck driver ?	yeah its the best way to support my 7 kids my 7 kids my 7 kids
rep-1460	hi how are you doing	i am alright . except my feet , they are a little frog like .	hi how are you doing	i am alright . except my feet , they are a little frog like .	why is that . do you have kids ?	no . i dream of kids to make art with .	i have sons . they are amazing lot of work tho	i see . do you have any trash any trash any trash any trash any trash any trash i could have for my art ?
rep-1461	i think i pulled a muscle on a hike . ever done that?	yes, i have . on a hike for my homeschool biology class, to a waterfall .	i think i pulled a muscle on a hike . ever done that?	yes, i have . on a hike for my homeschool biology class, to a waterfall .	that sounds amazing, do you hike a lot?	when i can, i live in northern cali .	no way, i follow some rappers in cali! do you like rap?	i do, tupac is my favorite artist . i am building a robot that looks like him .	a robot? are you an an an an an engineer?
rep-1462	greeting today my friend ! how are you today ?	i am doing well , i am taking a break from building a tree house .	greeting today my friend ! how are you today ?	i am doing well , i am taking a break from building a tree house .	cool , as long as you do not harm the tree .	i have been building tree houses for over 40 years now , the tree is safe . .	i get worried about the world something .	why are you worried about the world ?	i just worry about how people harm the environment	yeah , humans have been rough on our plant . do you have any other hobbies ?	i make all my own clothes and i sing folk .	do you knit any of your clothes your clothes ? i am a knitter .
rep-1463	howdy how are you doing tonight i am okay thanks you jesus .	i am doing great . just thinking about my parents . they died years ago	howdy how are you doing tonight i am okay thanks you jesus .	i am doing great . just thinking about my parents . they died years ago	i am so sorry my dad died too when i was in my early twenty	i am really sorry to hear that . what do you do for fun?	i love doing make up and hair also great cook .	terrific . my favorite thing to do is dance .	me too i enjoy riding my bike outside .	where do you live? i am from edris island .	i have a grown daughter and two grand kids . i live in jersey .	my sister lives with me . i also have a dog .	i also like to enjoy caring for people that is cool .	it is! what do you look like?	i have two animals a dog and three cats how is is your sister?
rep-1464	hi there, how are you tonight?	i am tired was a long day at the office . how about you?	hi there, how are you tonight?	i am tired was a long day at the office . how about you?	me too . been studying for class .	what what what what class are you studying for?
rep-1465	hey how are you doing ?	i am good . how are you ?	hey how are you doing ?	i am good . how are you ?	great just practicing with my bluegrass bandmates	are you a professional musician ?	i play bluegrass on the weekends , high school work otherwise	that is a fun hobby a fun hobby a fun hobby a fun hobby . does your family enjoy your music ?
rep-1466	hello, how are you doing?	i am doing great today and you?	hello, how are you doing?	i am doing great today and you?	i am great, loving italian food now and forever!	going to walk my dog soon . do you have one?	yeah, my dog and i like to sing in a choir	my wife and i just had a baby boy . do you have kids?	no,, but i work in a program that helps and mentors teens	first time dad over here . team no sleep .	awesome, did you ever play softball? i love it	yes, i played a little company company softball
rep-1467	hi! what do you have planned for dinner?	we ate way earlier . always by 630 . how about you?	hi! what do you have planned for dinner?	we ate way earlier . always by 630 . how about you?	italian is my favorite so i am thinking along those lines .	sounds yummy! do you work tomorrow?	no . so i think i will read a book . probably about traveling .	i love traveling . i often quilt while my husband drives .	i do not drive much . walking long distances is what i do .	i am too old for much of that anymore . we prefer visiting great american landmarks .	europe is on my travel list . have you been there?	we keep it to great american landmarks . we love seeing american history .	i have a big dog so i have to walk . do you have pets?	we have a tiny lapdog . she likes to go on road road road road trips with us.
rep-1468	hi how are you today?	great . and how are you doing	hi how are you today?	great . and how are you doing	i am well great at multi tasking are you? i like to use trash for projects	having just one leg, i have to be good at multi tasking	i do do do do not know but my toes bother me
rep-1469	hi how are you doing i am okay .	i am doing very good! i hope you had a very nice, relaxing sunday .	hi how are you doing i am okay .	i am doing very good! i hope you had a very nice, relaxing sunday .	yes it was okay thank you so much i like walking . do you?	i do, especially in the woods when i am out hunting . do you hunt?	no not really but it seems to be a really fun activity .	it is! i like to go with my father .	my work out is walking it is very very very very very good for the body . that is nice.
rep-1470	i sure hope you like hobbits!	i do lol do you like to be cared for?	i sure hope you you you like hobbits!
rep-1471	i cannot have a dog because of allergies . do you own a dog .	nope . my wife and kids happen to be allergic as well .	i cannot have a dog because of allergies . do you own a dog .	nope . my wife and kids happen to be allergic as well .	do you have any other pets ?	my kids have two guinea pigs .	i grew up without my mother . did you grow up with both parents ?	yes , i did . they were good parents .	singing karaoke is a talent of mine . do you sing too ?	not really . i am into running , books and old cars .	i cannot see colors . what is your favorite color ?	red would have to be my favorite color .	going into the army was my transition my transition my transition my transition my transition my transition after high school . what about you ?
rep-1472	good morning , it is beautiful today . do you swim to school ?	good morning to you ! no , i ice skate to college .	good morning , it is beautiful today . do you swim to school ?	good morning to you ! no , i ice skate to college .	i could not do that , i have a tail and live in a coral reef .	fun ! we must live in totally different climates totally different climates totally different climates totally different climates totally different climates totally different climates . i have been out fishing all day .
rep-1473	hello . hold on , my dogs are begging for attention . how are you ?	hello , well , and you ? i love dogs ! cats i am allergic to .	hello . hold on , my dogs are begging for attention . how are you ?	hello , well , and you ? i love dogs ! cats i am allergic to .	i am allergic to everything i own . i am well , but handling a difficult client .	sorry to hear that . making crafts takes my stress away . i enjoy it .	can you craft me a client a client a client a client a client a client who is both rich and innocent ?
rep-1474	hello how are you doing	pretty good . how are you ?	hello how are you doing	pretty good . how are you ?	i am making dinner getting ready for bed	i just got off work .	i am looking for something different to do	i am looking for another job myself .	i was adopted by my aunt and uncle	my parents did not want me either .	if i ever hit the lottery i will love to help some of these kids	what kids are you trying to help ?	all the ones that need help in the world there are so many	yeah , it is sad that there are kids who do not have their basic needs met .	now all these natural disasters	what do you think the most useful way is to help poor people poor people poor people poor people poor people ?
rep-1475	hi how are you today	good , how are you ? i just finished reading a new drama book	hi how are you today	good , how are you ? i just finished reading a new drama book	i am good where do you work	at a club in downtown miami downtown miami . i just moved here from california
rep-1476	i am getting hungry , how about you ?	i just ate with my two boys . i am a single mom .	i am getting hungry , how about you ?	i just ate with my two boys . i am a single mom .	tell me it was vegan food please , that is all i eat .	nope , i am a meat eater . do you drive ? my car is a honda civic .	i drive a truck so i can play my country music everywhere i go .	that is awesome ! i am an accountant . do you like to hike ? i love it .	i cannot hike because i have a disability . i cannot even work much either	sorry to hear that . where are you from ? i am from ohio .	i live in california currently . spend my days knitting for children	that is awesome ! california is very beautiful .	the babes i knit the hats for are the real beauties	it sounds like you really care for them !	i do ! my disability my disability my disability makes it hard to type , i meant to say babies not babes
rep-1477	i i i i i i am in school to be a nurse.
rep-1478	hi there, how are you tonight?	i am tired was a long day at the office . how about you?	hi there, how are you tonight?	i am tired was a long day at the office . how about you?	me too . been studying for class .	what class are you studying for?	i am going to school to be a lawyer .	oh i bet that is a lot of studying . do you listen to music when you study?	not usually . my dog max does not care for music .	oh i enjoy listening to oldies music when i am working at my desk all day .	are you in a relationship?	no i live alone getting ready to retire soon maybe i will meet someone then .	i have a girlfriend . we live together .	nice do you like to go out to eat? i enjoy finding good barbeque restaurants .	yeah, i do enjoy going out .	what do you do when you go out? i go to the gym and play racquetball .	i mean going out to eat .	oh where where where do you like to eat at?
rep-1479	hey i love bobs burgers ! i love tv and movies !	good evening how are you ?	hey i love bobs burgers ! i love tv and movies !	good evening how are you ?	i am great ! i am having my favorite food ice cream . what about you ?	i love to eat red meat .	me too ! i do not like to work our or any physical activity really .	my dad just retired 2 years ago .	nice , is he a homebody ? i am .	my mom is a doctor at a senior citizen home .	she must enjoy spending time with elderly people .	i go camping 6 times a year and hiking every month .	do you camp in national parks or elsewhere ?	i camp in my backyard	haha ! you do go very far . where do you hike ?	right by the back porch	you are as much as a homebody as me , nice .	have a good and safe evening a good and safe evening a good and safe evening a good and safe evening a good and safe evening .
rep-1480	hello , how are you tonight	i am well , loving on my little dogs an you ?	hello , how are you tonight	i am well , loving on my little dogs an you ?	talking to a friend and petting timothy , my turtle .	cool , i have 2 dogs	i only have a turtle .	oh that is cool , need a lawyer ?	no , i am good . i have a cop and a lawyer in my family .	not as good as me , like heights ?	i love heights , roller coasters even more .	really ? lol i would never	i live near cedar point . coasters are life .	i am in oklahoma as a native american	nice , are you near broken arrow ? my folks just moved to bora bora	you go ahead for the both of us lol	you do not like the beach the beach the beach ?
rep-1481	hi how are you today	hi i am fine and you how are you doing?	hi how are you today	hi i am fine and you how are you doing?	i am good what do you eat	i love pasta and i like to run also read read read too
rep-1482	hello , how are you ? do you play poke ?	hi . i am doing great thanks for asking . i do play poker sometimes .	hello , how are you ? do you play poke ?	hi . i am doing great thanks for asking . i do play poker sometimes .	it is so relaxing , i am stressed from college . running does not always help relieve it .	sorry to hear . i walk a lot since i hike in the nature the nature the nature the nature the nature . do you hike ?
rep-1483	hi i work at a pet place, where do you work at?	hi, i am an accountant . i have got two kids . do you have kids?	hi i work at a pet pet pet pet pet pet place, where do you work at?
rep-1484	hello, how is your day going	hi . my day is good . i am hanging out with both of my sons .	hello, how is your day going	hi . my day is good . i am hanging out with both of my sons .	cool, sounds like fun . just as much fun as cross stitch and quilts	i love those crafts! right now i am into my aquarium filled with exotic fish .	i am what you would call a baby boomer, explains the quilting passion	you might like my collection of decorations . they are 50s vintage!	sure, it would bring back old memories . especially when my dad served in the military	that is awesome . what do you eat for breakfast? mine is granola every day .	oatmeal fan over here . my parents were were were were were were immigrants, they raised me on oats everyday.
rep-1485	hey how are you today	hi! i am doing well how are you?	hey how are you today	hi! i am doing well how are you?	i am doing great! just brought my newborn son home .	congratulations! have you had to take time off work?	yeah he is is is is our first child so i took off to help adjust with him and our puppy
rep-1486	hello . how are you ? tell me about yourself .	hello well i love ice tea , country music , and love traveling hbu ?	hello . how are you ? tell me about yourself .	hello well i love ice tea , country music , and love traveling hbu ?	i am a fan of bluegrass personally . i even play	that is cool , my friends my friends my friends and i love to relax to bluegrass
rep-1487	good evening . how are you	i am good how r you?	good evening . how are you	i am good how r you?	not too bad . tired from working at the factory all day	ah, i am 14 still in school school and like most teenagers hating it
rep-1488	hello , how are you tonight ? are you watching the office ?	i am good . just waiting for the good doctor to come on .	hello , how are you tonight ? are you watching the office ?	i am good . just waiting for the good doctor to come on .	that is a great show . i may set out some hummus and watch as well .	i am making dinner while i wait	i already had dinner , and greek yogurt for dessert . i do not like sweets .	i had to grade some papers and do homework with my kids	i do not have any kids , maybe one day when i find a nice jewish boy .	my husband works nights so its hard sometimes	i bet it is . my dad always worked nights .	cooking and reading are always my relaxers	i love to cook . i bake bread to relax .	yeah i love all the aromas of the food while its cooking	i do too . especially bread especially bread .
rep-1489	hello , how is your night going ?	going well , what do you do for a living ?	hello , how is your night going ?	going well , what do you do for a living ?	i am very young , but hope to be a professional dancer someday .	that is cool . what kind of dance ?	modern dance and ballet are my favorite . do you dance too ?	no , i am really into nutrition and fitness though .	oh nice . my father used to be very into fitness as well . do you play sports ?	not these days , i am mostly too busy with my dieting business to play many sports .	is the shop on edris island ? maybe i could stop in one day .	i am not sure where that is .	its where my sister my sister my sister , ralph and i live .
rep-1490	hi ! do you have any hobbies ? i like to sew and make quilts	hi , i like to study plants and organisms .	hi ! do you have any hobbies ? i like to sew and make quilts	hi , i like to study plants and organisms .	interesting . since i retired i try not to study anything . i just walk	oh i like walking too !	i try to do a walk a day . how much do you walk ?	i take walks in my garden my garden my garden my garden my garden a few times a week .
rep-1491	hello ! good evening . how are you ?	i am doing well . how about yourself ?	hello ! good evening . how are you ?	i am doing well . how about yourself ?	i am doing well a bit tired .	what did you do today ?	i cleaned my home . what about you ?	i took my dogs my dogs to the dog park .
rep-1492	hello how are you ?	i am fine shopping for clothes wyd ?	hello how are you ?	i am fine shopping for clothes wyd ?	what kind of clothes ? i am just playing with ginger my golden retriever	i like jeans an boots	what is your favorite store ? i did not shop at all when i studied abroad	amazon is my favorite store , you cannot go wrong .	do you not worry about trying on clothes first ? i buy model cards from there	no i pick pretty well trust me	do you have any kids ? i just had my first daughter	no i do not an have a good 12	do you want any kids ? what is your favorite movie your favorite movie your favorite movie your favorite movie your favorite movie ?
rep-1493	hey, i am here with my dogs, timbo and bananas	i love dogs! we have a lot of them on my horse ranch .	hey, i am here with my dogs, timbo and bananas	i love dogs! we have a lot of them on my horse ranch .	that is awesome! what do you do with your horses?	i train horses for a living . what do you do?	i play frisbee competitively and it is is so much fun
rep-1494	hi want to get to know each other ?	yes , i would like that .	hi want to get to know each other ?	yes , i would like that .	what do you do ? i am going to be a nurse	i am studying to be an investment broker .	that sounds hard . do you enjoy it ?	i like the atmosphere the atmosphere that it offers . what led you to nursing ?
rep-1495	hey there how are you today ?	hi . good . just quilting tonight . tomorrow night i will cross stitch .	hey there how are you today ?	hi . good . just quilting tonight . tomorrow night i will cross stitch .	i spend a great deal a great deal a great deal a great deal of time at school
rep-1496	i am from a large family with 6 sisters and us 2 boys .	do you have any plans this weekend ?	i am from a large family with 6 sisters and us 2 boys us 2 boys us 2 boys us 2 boys us 2 boys .
rep-1497	hello, how are are are are you this evening?
rep-1498	how is it going ? what are you up to ?	good just reading a book about traveling .	how is it going ? what are you up to ?	good just reading a book about traveling .	sounds interesting . how was your day at work ?	pretty good . i was happy that i could take a long walk over lunch .	i run a lot and walk .	sounds like we have that in common . what else do you enjoy ?	studying . trying to get my high school degree !	that is great ! any particular subjects any particular subjects any particular subjects you enjoy ?
rep-1499	hello how are you?	i am fine shopping for clothes wyd?	hello how are you?	i am fine shopping for clothes wyd?	what kind of clothes? i am just playing with ginger my golden retriever	i like jeans an boots	what is your favorite store? i did not shop at all when i studied abroad	amazon is my favorite store, you cannot go wrong .	do you not worry about trying on clothes first? i buy model cards from there	no i pick pretty well trust me	do you have any kids? i just had my first daughter	no i do not an have a good 12	do you want any kids? what is your favorite movie?	i do but not now	have a boyfriend? girlfriend?	i do not especially becoming a certified nurse!	that must be a hard job job job job job do you enjoy it?
rep-1500	hi there , how are you ?	hey i am good how about yourself	hi there , how are you ?	hey i am good how about yourself	good , just got back from the gym ready to hang out alone and kick back .	oh cool you work out often ?	just once a week but i have been trying to stay healthy , drinking nothing but water now	that is awesome i really need to adapt to that type of lifestyle	do you work out at all ?	no not really i use to but its usually too painful	why is that ? i work in the medical field maybe i could help	i have some nerve issues arm and back pains badly	i am a nurse in labor and delivery so maybe i overestimated myself	probably so lol my medical situation is a lot	do you have help at home ? i could not imagine being in that situation that situation that situation that situation myself
rep-1501	hi! i drive a ford truck! what o you drive?	i drive a toyota! what is your favorite band?	hi! i drive a ford truck! what o you drive?	i drive a toyota! what is your favorite band?	a christian rock band called p . o . d .	i am still rocking to nirvana . i love animals!	that is cool! i grew up super conservative	my grandfather, all my uncles and my dad were police officers .	my dad, who lives right down the street, is a police officer too!	i have always wanted wanted wanted to be a cop . i work with animals.
rep-1502	hey there . how are you?	hey there . i am fine . what about you?	hey there . how are you?	hey there . i am fine . what about you?	been better . stressful day at work .	do you work on sundays?	yep . i work fast food . always working on a sunday .	how old are you? if do not mind to share it .	i am 20 and i have been doing this for 4 years .	you are too young . do you study?	no . i left high school at 16 to help my family . trying to get my ged soon .	i feel so sorry . you should get it soon .	yeah trying my best but helping my family out of these bad apartments is my main goal .	god help you and make you rich one day .	haha thanks . enough about me . what do you like to to to to to to do?
rep-1503	hi how are you today	i am good . how are you ?	hi how are you today	i am good . how are you ?	pretty good where do you work ?	i do not work , i am a full time student a full time student a full time student a full time student . what about you ?
rep-1504	hey, how are you doing tonight?	i am well just got in from playing with the dolphins . how are you?	hey, how are you doing tonight?	i am well just got in from playing with the dolphins . how are you?	the football team or the animal?	animal . my home is under water . where do you live?	what do you live in a sea lab or a sub? i live in my dad	the sea is my home . the aquatic creatures are my friends .	that is so wild . i like the beach, but i never imagined . are you merkin?	sure you could call it that . do have any hobbies?	wow . yeah i like horses	how old are you? i i spend all day at school! i would rather be playing.
rep-1505	hello, how are you tonight?	i am hungry how about you?	hello, how are you tonight?	i am hungry how about you?	i could eat, lol . i have two boys and they are always hungry .	i have a dog . i love animals	i love fish . i have a saltwater aquarium decorated like a 50s diner .	i want a tank . what is your favorite food?	granola! i have it for breakfast each morning .	i love chocolate muffins and blueberry muffins	those are are are are are are good too, the lady who teaches my hair extensions class makes orange muffins
rep-1506	hi, i am a female and 22 years old, what about you?	i am a little older . old enough to have two boys	hi, i am a female and 22 years old, what about you?	i am a little older . old enough to have two boys	nice, do they listen to you?	not a chance . but i am still in charge	nice, do you hangout with friends, i love hanging out with friends	when i can . if i have time to myself i like to go for hikes	nice i also like sports a lot and staying active	that is very good for you . as an accountant i sit far too much	do you listen to music while working working working? i enjoy rap music
rep-1507	hi there how are you doing ?	i am good thanks . just got my nails done . you ?	hi there how are you doing ?	i am good thanks . just got my nails done . you ?	i am pretty well getting ready for martial arts class	fun . what else do you like to do ?	playing softball . and mentoring teens mostly	do you like the beach ?	i do enjoy the sounds of waves yes	it is beautiful . do you like horses ?	they are ok either way i am good . not big on pets or animals	you do not have any pets any pets ?
rep-1508	hi do you have any any any hobbies? i am a guitarist.
rep-1509	hello how are you tonight ?	good evening , i swear i am exhausted	hello how are you tonight ?	good evening , i swear i am exhausted	me too , i just got back from walking . i love walking in the crips air	in the crips ? like books ? my name jordan by the way also	sorry crisp air , helps when i travel	oh i got it now like animals ? or have any ?	several , they love to eat the veggies out of my large garden	cool , i am a vet , i love live music on the weekend	i am a biology teacher , i love music helps me relax between papers	really ? i do also an i read	traveling is something i love to do in the summer time on my down time .	that is cool i stay in florida but from cali	i have been to six countries six countries six countries six countries , we try to hit a different me each year
rep-1510	hi do you have any hobbies ? i am a guitarist .	no , i can barely pay my monthly bills .	hi do you have any hobbies ? i am a guitarist .	no , i can barely pay my monthly bills .	because i share an apartment with my brothers it is not that expensive .	i teach kindergarten , but i hate children .	that sounds miserable . my other hobby is getting tattoos .	where do you get the tattoos ?	i just like them . where do you live ?	i live in seattle with two derelicts . they drink all the time .	my brothers and i live in chicago , the folks are from arkansas	do you have a southern accent ?	i did have the arkansas accent as a child . why do you live with drunken derelicts drunken derelicts drunken derelicts drunken derelicts ?
rep-1511	hey what are your interests ?	i love the mall , shopping is my hobby . do you have any ?	hey what are your interests ?	i love the mall , shopping is my hobby . do you have any ?	yes i love concerts and singing	really ? me too , are you in a relationship ? i am not as of yet .	what did you pick up at the mall ? my life left years ago	i got me some nice blue jean thigh high boots . any siblings ?	my wife left years ago . yes 2 brothers you ?	oh no sorry to hear that ! we could go out on a date !	yep i am sure you are hot	i bet you are a great catch , i will be a full time nurse soon .	awesome never seen a bad looking nurse student a bad looking nurse student a bad looking nurse student a bad looking nurse student a bad looking nurse student a bad looking nurse student ?
rep-1512	hello , what are you up to ?	nothing much , just stressed about the semester . you ?	hello , what are you up to ?	nothing much , just stressed about the semester . you ?	i have just been toying around with a new invention . automated bacon fryer !	bacon fryer . hasn t that already been done tho ?	not like this one ! it takes the bacon the bacon the bacon right from the fridge !
rep-1513	i am always trying to reserve for other but how are you	just got off work mcdonalds is not cutting it i might go back to school	i am always trying to reserve for other but how are you	just got off work mcdonalds is not cutting it i might go back to school	i mean to say that introvert is my personality my cats serve them love me	i cant stop thinking of my real parents they aban	your parents that do they live in a faraway island just like me	i do not know since they abandoned me	hey i m actually into writing specially romance novel	nice maybe il study writing does it pay any good?	it s really really really really really really good i suggested for you
rep-1514	hello , how are you tonight ?	i am a thing in fashion and acting . but not sure how i will like ny .	hello , how are you tonight ?	i am a thing in fashion and acting . but not sure how i will like ny .	it is interesting at best . i love to sing , do you ?	moving there next year . love to sing . surf and skate too . you ?	i surf and do not see colors correctly , so that is a challenge .	i spent most my life in california sharks are grey . what parts do you sing ?	anything by lady gaga and madonna .	neat . so do you perform or work in the industry ?	i am retired army , and do not know what to do with myself .	if you can sing , go get on the voice ! or take up surfing .	i do surf , and i am not interested in become a pro singer .	is there surfing around new york new york new york new york new york new york ?
rep-1515	hey . how are you ? tell me something about you ?	hi , here is not much to me other than i like to stay at home	hey . how are you ? tell me something about you ?	hi , here is not much to me other than i like to stay at home	as a homeschooled student , i am home as well .	yeah , i do not really like to do anything but sit down and watch tv	one of my interests my interests my interests my interests my interests in engineering . i built my best friend .
rep-1516	hi . what are you up to tonight?	i am just doing a bit of cleaning . my turtle, timothy, needs his tank cleaned .	hi . what are you up to tonight?	i am just doing a bit of cleaning . my turtle, timothy, needs his tank cleaned .	my son wanted a cat but i am allergic so we have a turtle named kitten	that is so funny! i have a cat named cricket! lol	are you allergic to crickets? lol	fortunately, not! just an interesting tidbit to add in when meeting new people .	i live in the middle of nowhere crickets everywhere! that would be a bad allergy!	yes, it would be! my parents live in the middle of the ocean . . . bora bora	that sounds really exciting! i love making jewelry with sea glass from vacations	what a a neat hobby! i spend my time playing ultimate frisbee
rep-1517	hello , what are some of your hobbies ?	hi i am really into crafting	hello , what are some of your hobbies ?	hi i am really into crafting	one of my hobbies is being online all the time	what kinds of things do you do online	would you mind telling me what state you are in ?	i am in ohio what about you	i am in texas , the weather is no joke here	yeah were you affected by the hurricane the hurricane the hurricane the hurricane the hurricane
rep-1518	janice here . what are you up to tonight?	they call me big shirley . i love scary movies . you?	janice here . what are you up to tonight?	they call me big shirley . i love scary movies . you?	well, i am more into sports than i am horror flicks .	i see . i workout lifting weights . you?	i played a lot of sports in high school, but stopped when i started college .	i am a warehouse worker . i cook a great bbq .	i just graduated college and am still looking for a job .	keep your head up! i work the forklift . what work do you do?	my fiance is helping me look for a job .	that is good! people laugh because my name is joe shirley .	ah, i see . they laugh because i want to be a soccer coach .	hmmm . got for it! is six four two twenty tall and big?	yes, too big for soccer, which is my favorite sport!	i see . i have a cookbook coming out . you write?	no, but but but but my fiance does.
rep-1519	hi , big time k singer here . what is your hobby ?	what is a k singer ? i am 17 years old and focused on graduating high school .	hi , big time k singer here . what is your hobby ?	what is a k singer ? i am 17 years old and focused on graduating high school .	karaoke , it is a lot of fun and my dogs i train them like it too !	oh yeah ! i like karaoke . i am going to auburn university for music next year .	allergic to dander in dogs but i still love to train them . do you like dogs ?	i love dogs . even though i love music , i really want to be a doctor or vet .	no college for me , i went from high school straight into the army . enjoy college .	i may need a new car . i do not think my old beetle will survive the drive .	i was discharged from the army for being colorblind . i need a car too .	i am sorry to hear that . my dad is color blind too .	i think its common in men . what do you plan to study ?	music , but as i said before , i would love to get into medicine .	go for the medicine , it pays more and you will have a secure future .	with the way the economy is , i definitely want a secure future .	vets get to work with all kinds all kinds all kinds of animals , i would love that .
rep-1520	hi , what did you do today ?	hey ! a bunch of consulting for a large food service provider you ?	hi , what did you do today ?	hey ! a bunch of consulting for a large food service provider you ?	i am a nurse , my mom is also a nurse , an army nurse	oh wow i bet that is exciting .	not really , the only exciting thing about my life recently is i got a stray cat	my brother is in the army one of them anyway . you like cats ?	i love cats , i love dressing cats , i made a cat sweater a cat sweater a cat sweater a cat sweater a cat sweater , i love knitting
rep-1521	hi there . how are you	i am good . just got back from a run .	hi there . how are you	i am good . just got back from a run .	sounds fun . i just finished my favorite show one tree hill	do you have any kids?	i have two . boy and a girl	i have two boys, 2 and 4 .	sweet . good ages . mine are 12 and 9 .	what do you do for a living?	i am a registered nurse in the pediatric wing at the hospital here	oh cool! i am actually a pediatrician!	small world! look at us go hah	do you have any hobbies?	eating pizza pizza, and reading tarot cards
rep-1522	hello , how are you today ?	i am well just studying for class	hello , how are you today ?	i am well just studying for class	what are you studying ? i just completed school to be a rn .	i am working on my law degree	oh wow ! that is a lot . how much school do you have left ?	about two more years how about you	i am done ! all i have to do is find a nursing job a nursing job a nursing job . i am so excited !
rep-1523	good evening . vietnam veteran here .	nice . i am in the south korean army .	good evening . vietnam veteran here .	nice . i am in the south korean army .	wow , i want to visit south korea one day , but i am in a wheelchair .	were you injured in action ?	yes , lost a leg . what do you do in the army ?	i am a medic , so most of the time there is not much action .	i am pretty old now , and retired . i get tired too easily to work now .	i am serving for a couple years to help pay for college .	some college kids here modified my wheelchair to go very fast .	that is cool . is it motorized ?	yes , and it can go over all kinds of terrain .	did they make any more besides yours ?	no , just for me because i used to be in the army the army the army the army the army .
rep-1524	hi, what is up with you today?	hi there! the lord of the rings! i am a huge binge watcher	hi, what is up with you today?	hi there! the lord of the rings! i am a huge binge watcher	that is awesome . i have never seen them though	well that is is is between my two part time jobs.
rep-1525	hello, how are you tonight? i am looking at the fishing maps .	well the weather definitely is good for fishing .	hello, how are you tonight? i am looking at the fishing maps .	well the weather definitely is good for fishing .	i am waiting for the lake to ice over .	oh, ice fishing . you better bundle up for that and hope for cold weather .	i have been doing this for decades . i study the ice shelves .	oh . i train dogs . i get to work indoors, a bit warmer .	that sounds interesting . i hunt polar bears .	boy, you really like hunting and fishing . not me, sweets i love .	i am an artic explorer on the side, lo	you really like cold weather . take pictures of yourself while exploring .	no, i am not into self photography like most narcissists .	oh, i would not say i am a narcissists, just like sharing my adventures adventures adventures adventures adventures adventures.
rep-1526	hello how are you?	i am fine shopping for clothes wyd?	hello how are you?	i am fine shopping for clothes wyd?	what kind of clothes? i am just playing with ginger my golden retriever	i like jeans an boots	what is your favorite store? i did not shop at all when i studied abroad	amazon is my favorite favorite favorite store, you cannot go wrong.
rep-1527	hi . how is it going? my name is carson	hey there how are you?	hi . how is it going? my name is carson	hey there how are you?	good . just got home from playing playing playing playing frisbee at the park . what have you been doing today?
rep-1528	hello ! are you listening to music this morning ? i love country	no but i am eating eggplant parmigiana !	hello ! are you listening to music this morning ? i love country	no but i am eating eggplant parmigiana !	you like italian food ? i have to get iced tea anytime i go to a restaurant	i love it the best ! even my dog charlie loves it !	i had a dog named charlie when i was 10 . that was 10 years ago	cool do you have any brothers or sisters ? i have both .	yes they are younger and still live at home	do you live with your parents as well ?	no since i got my first job coding and designing websites i moved out	i am in the stocks myself .	interesting . can you listen to music at work ? like country ?	no i wish , got to keep my head clear for trades .	oh yes that makes sense . i am glad i can listen to country while i work	do you have any hobbies ?	pretty much just listening to country music . you ?	no i am a all work a all work a all work a all work and no play type .
rep-1529	hello, how how are you doing this evening?
rep-1530	hey do you like dancing dancing dancing dancing dancing?
rep-1531	hey there i am brianna hows it going	hi! i am kylee . doing well . nothing too exciting tonight	hey there i am brianna hows it going	hi! i am kylee . doing well . nothing too exciting tonight	that is good and same here sadly	waiting for my next model spaceship to be delivered .	o are those hard to assemble	not too hard, just fun while i am not playing videogames	what video games you play?	anything really, but mostly warcraft . what are your hobbies?	i use to draw a lot right now i sont really have a hobbie	i wish i could draw . my parents were more scientific . mom is a doctor	i wish i could improve my art . i am a nurse so you can do both lol	i work in computer science, so not both for me lol	that sounds really fun though	it makes me a better better better better gamer!
rep-1532	hello , i am a sports nut , just love soccer , and you ?	i like playing sports like racquetball , but not watching so much .	hello , i am a sports nut a sports nut a sports nut a sports nut a sports nut a sports nut , just love soccer , and you ?
rep-1533	hi ! what are you up to ? i am listening to some rap while studying	hi , i am lucy . just getting ready for another day at the office the office the office
rep-1534	hello how are you today	i am good how about you	hello how are you today	i am good how about you	i am great i just got engaged	oh how exciting that is . still looking for mister right	aww hope you find him soon they are hard to find now a days	yeah would help if i stay out of the clubs will not find him him there
rep-1535	hi, how are you today?	i am well . just finishing up making some barbecue . i love it .	hi, how are you today?	i am well . just finishing up making some barbecue . i love it .	that sounds nice . so you like to cook? what else do you do?	watching horror movies are one of my favorites and i like to lift weights on weekends	awesome! i love movies but i have not had much time with so much school .	every weekend weekend weekend weekend weekend weekend i lift weight and watch a horror movie or two . need to go shopping.
rep-1536	hello . i am an attorney and i live in oklahoma . what about you?	tracy here . i am 32, live alone and scared of dogs .	hello . i am an attorney and i live in oklahoma . what about you?	tracy here . i am 32, live alone and scared of dogs .	oh dear . i love animals! i actually have two dogs .	hmmm . do you own or rent your home? i rent .	own . as a native american, i prefer to own .	i see . i read and watch love stories . you have any cats?	no . just dogs . what about you?	i am a single cat lady . are you married?	yes . my wife loves rock climbing, but i am scared of heights .	lassie was my fave dog show . you have children?	not yet . we would be praying for some, but i am not very religious .	oh okay . i hope your children like your dogs when you have them . your wife sing?	funny question . she does sing very well, actually . do you you you?
rep-1537	hi , how are you today ?	i am good just spending time with my dog . how are you	hi , how are you today ?	i am good just spending time with my dog . how are you	fine thanks , listening to some music	what kind of music do you listen to ?	jazz , i enjoy jazz a lot .	i do sometimes . i also enjoy taking long walks long walks long walks long walks . do you ?
rep-1538	hi ! how are you ? what are you doing right now ?	hey , i am great . other than recovering from surgery . how are you ?	hi ! how are you ? what are you doing right now ?	hey , i am great . other than recovering from surgery . how are you ?	oh no ! what happened ? i am taking a break from driving .	i tore up my knee playing frisbee with my 2 dogs . where are you driving to ?	i am driving a load to chicago . sorry about your knee . how is your recovery ?	its going well so far . an excuse to lay around . you drive truck ?	yes , i do . do you work for a living a living a living a living ?
rep-1539	hello, i love fashion and hope to be a doctor one day . you?	hello, i am an accountant from ohio . i have two boys and i am single .	hello, i love fashion and hope to be a doctor one day . you?	hello, i am an accountant from ohio . i have two boys and i am single .	student, male, divorced, ex named doug . i own a beetle .	oh a beetle how cool . i have a boring honda civic . what are your hobbies?	wow! i make book covers in my free time . i am published also .	how amazing! i love to go hiking . what books have you written?	angel investor and if i can help someone are my recent books . hiking huh?	very cool! yes, i love to hike you get some beautiful views!	you are right! if you take pictures you can sell them online . i love clothes .	i never thought of that . i love clothes as well .	i will attend au next year . i continue to write while studying medicine .	good good good good luck, being a doctor is hard . maybe you will write medical books.
rep-1540	hello, how are you tonight? i have to go home later .	hi . are you having a good day?	hello, how are you tonight? i have to go home later .	hi . are you having a good day?	i am, until i go home . my mom and dad are there with my parents .	do you have any any any pets?
rep-1541	hi how is it going ?	hi there i am great eating a snack and you ?	hi how is it going ?	hi there i am great eating a snack and you ?	i am allergic to mangoes	but how they are delicious well i eat alot	i like to collect civil war antiques	really i am a body builder a body builder a body builder on my days off
rep-1542	how are you you tonight? i am working on some crafts crafts crafts crafts crafts crafts as we talk.
rep-1543	hey there how are you today?	i am doing good . so tell me where you are from?	hey there how are you today?	i am doing good . so tell me where you are from?	i am from new york . i am in college soon .	i love new york . i stay in texas . what are your hobbies?	my hobbies are fashion an clothes!	fashion is cool . i am an avid gamer playing second life .	awesome! what is second life? never heard of it	it is an online game where i portray a furry .	really? cool, what kind of car do you drive?	i do not drive since i i i i work at home and online so much.
rep-1544	how is your day going ? i am just an old tired man	it is okay . thankfully , i did not have court today .	how is your day going ? i am just an old tired man	it is okay . thankfully , i did not have court today .	well that is good news	it is . columbus day is still celebrated here in oklahoma , even us natives must observe .	that is great , i was in the military for a long time a long time a long time a long time a long time a long time
rep-1545	good evening . how are you?	having a quiet evening at home with my cats . how are you?	good evening . how are you?	having a quiet evening at home with my cats . how are you?	doing the same . listening to some country music .	i love country music! the stories always give me ideas for writing .	i knit hats for infants at the hospital so i play country music a lot .	sounds like a very cozy life . do you like restaurants?	i do . i am vegan so its hard to order . i love cooking at home tho .	there are no vegan restaurants on the island where i live .	where do you live at?	a small island almost no one has heard of	i lived on harkers island in north carolina when i was younger .	there are some great romance novels set in nc .	so i have heard . i have never read any tho .	i prefer to write rather than than than than read.
rep-1546	hey there how are you? it was beautiful saturday my friend got married!	i am doing doing doing doing doing doing great! i am just currently exploring with my sea creature friends!
rep-1547	hi hi hi hi hi how are you? i am still recovering from my friends wedding
rep-1548	hello , what is the best hotel in your town ?	do not know hotels here howdy how are you doing i am fine	hello , what is the best hotel in your town ?	do not know hotels here howdy how are you doing i am fine	okay , which place can be good for a couple in this town ?	i am not married to my boyfriend my boyfriend my boyfriend my boyfriend no kids from him .
rep-1549	drink more water . tracy here . nice to meet you .	i drink water when i hike . my name is suzie .	drink more water . tracy here . nice to meet you .	i drink water when i hike . my name is suzie .	great ! hi sus . i love my three children and my cat named grace . you ?	i have two boys , blake and wesley .	get out ! my huband name is wesley blake . he work nights .	what a coincidence ! i am an accountant during the day the day .
rep-1550	hi, how are you today?	i am good just spending time with my dog . how are you	hi, how are you today?	i am good just spending time with my dog . how are you	fine thanks, listening to some music	what kind of music do you listen to?	jazz, i enjoy jazz a lot .	i do sometimes . i also enjoy taking long walks . do you?	not really, kinda lazy . but i don t eat sweet	i love to travel . do you vacation much?	no, i like to watch tv shows . the office is my favorite	the office is funny . do you read much?	some books about jews . i am jewish	do do do do do you ever read books on traveling to europe?
rep-1551	hey , do you want to marry me ? i go to college .	sorry , i am in college myself and want to finish my education first .	hey , do you want to marry me ? i go to college .	sorry , i am in college myself and want to finish my education first .	oh , i guess that is fine . where are you from ?	i am in ohio , i play lacrosse for ohio state .	what are you studying ? i am trying to go for marine biology	music theory . i love tupac , so i want to incorporate it into therapy sessions therapy sessions therapy sessions therapy sessions .
rep-1552	hello i like to travel .	hello , how are you tonight ? i do too and love to cook .	hello i like to travel .	hello , how are you tonight ? i do too and love to cook .	i would love to see europe .	i would too , i am knitting tiny hats for the babies in the icu	awww that is so adorable . they will love them .	i am disabled , and not able to work . it makes me feel good to give back .	i like to read books and travel .	i like to listen to music .	italian is my favorite food choice if dining out .	i am vegan , and i love to bake cakes .	i love dogs , my pet is a large dog named roscoe .	i love dogs as well , and otters . they are like water dogs .	what is your favorite cake to make ?	tiramisu . it is my absolute favorite .	i want to make a pumpkin roll , any ideas on the roll ?	i have no idea no idea no idea , i do not like pumpkin
rep-1553	hello there . where are you from?	i am am am from canada . how about you?
rep-1554	hello i am ray i am 20 years old	that is ironic , my dad is named ray . he lives with my mom in australia	hello i am ray i am 20 years old	that is ironic , my dad is named ray . he lives with my mom in australia	i just entered the army 6 months ago , i deployed to south korea	do they serve eggplant parmigiana in south korea ? that is my favorite food	no they do not serve that here , but they do in puerto rico , was born there	i bought my dog charlie from someone in puerto rico	i joined the army because i like to be a violent person	oh wow , i became a stock broker because i am a pacifist	what kinda dog is charlie ?	charlie is an australian sheppard	stock broker , do you make alot of money doing that ?	i am able to live in the usa while my parents my parents my parents my parents stay in australia so yes !
rep-1555	hi, how are you today?	good, i am in sales, what do you do for your work?	hi, how are you today?	good, i am in sales, what do you do for your work?	i am enjoying a glass of of of of of wine, and you?
rep-1556	hello i am a real estate agent in canada where are you?	hi there i teach biology college	hello i am a real estate agent in canada where are you?	hi there i teach biology college	i work part time and care for my two children in kindergarten	that i am sure keeps you busy . do you get to travel?	i only travel for environmentalist events	i see that is a noble cause i love traveling	i wish i had more time for travel but work has kept me busy last 12 years	i know how that is i like walking you	since i turned 34, i prefer to walk	lol i do a lot of gardening love fresh fruits and veggies	my 2 kinds are really into growing things	that is awesome . hard work but rewarding	planting trees is rewarding for me	aw yes another good one to grow	i would would would would would prefer to be a tree planter than real estate agent
rep-1557	hello i am alison . what is your name ?	judy . what do you like about sundays ? football watching football watching is what i like !
rep-1558	hi, do you have sons? i have two .	a younger brother and no children is all . besides dad	hi, do you have sons? i have two .	a younger brother and no children is all . besides dad	i will be in a school of hairdresser, i also own a fish aquarium	really . fish raw is my meal . what kind of fish?	i love exotic fish, you have a nice family .	my family is nice . we spend time at the weight room a lot	i love the 1950 era and the decorations of that era	we work out to hip hop artists and i love the 1990 era	it is a nice family event and healthy too	yes it is . i cherish those moments .	you are so much younger than me	am i how much younger? how old are you?	i bet you do not eat granola in the morning	no i do not . only fruit and coconut juice . also, water and supplements	i eat that daily younger folks folks folks folks cannot stand it
rep-1559	hi ! nice to chat with you . what kind of hobbies do you have ?	hi ! i like to collect teddy bears and volunteer for red cross . you ?	hi ! nice to chat with you . what kind of hobbies do you have ?	hi ! i like to collect teddy bears and volunteer for red cross . you ?	i like to call myself a bodybuilder , but its a body in progress ! ha !	that is nice . what do you do for a living ?	construction . family business . my mom is actually our secretary ! any siblings ?	yes , i have two brothers and a sister . do you have any ?	just one little brother brother . do you follow a special diet ? vegetarian or vegan ?	i am a vegetarian because i love the color green . and animals .	that is respectful . i enjoy lots of meat , but would not mind entertaining a vegan diet .	there are actually a lot of vegan proteins you can use to body build with	that would be fantastic ! a vegan bodybuilder would surely equal health !	yes , i personally like to run and do yoga .	i have always been interested in yoga , is it hard to get started ?	no , slow and consistent is best .	that strategy applies to a lot huh ? no one no one wakes up an expert !
rep-1560	where do you want to live in the future?	hello, ginger and i want to live in florida .	where do you want to live in the future?	hello, ginger and i want to live in florida .	how is the weather over there? i have two kids too	it is raining, we are getting the tail tail end of nate.
rep-1561	i just ran around when it s about paranormal	whoa! that is freaky! how is that done?	i just ran around when it s about paranormal	whoa! that is freaky! how is that done?	oh it s because of those novels paranormal mall i ve read	you like books huh? i actually sell paranormal books?	yeah i might probably visit but i work very busy at at at my moms restaurant part time
rep-1562	hello , how are you doing ?	so tired . just got off job 1 and off to job 2 soon . you ?	hello , how are you doing ?	so tired . just got off job 1 and off to job 2 soon . you ?	i am reading fashion magazines .	oh , do you like that kind of stuff ? models , shoes , fashion ?	yeah , i want to learn to make clothes .	like movie costumes and stuff like that ?	just every day clothes like dresses or shirts .	you should try making costumes , like fantasy costumes fantasy costumes fantasy costumes fantasy costumes fantasy costumes
rep-1563	hey hows your day going sir	hehe , i am actually a miss . it is going well , what about yourself ?	hey hows your day going sir	hehe , i am actually a miss . it is going well , what about yourself ?	oops sorry miss haha . i am doing good . feeding my 3 dogs	what are their names ? i do not have any pets , my two boys are enough !	haha kids . . am i right ?	oh you are . luckily my job is mostly paperwork . . . what do you do for a living ?	oh that sounds nice . i work at a salon . . hairstylist .	maybe you could do my hair my hair my hair my hair sometime !
rep-1564	hello, what are some of your hobbies?	hi i am really into crafting	hello, what are some of your hobbies?	hi i am really into crafting	one of my hobbies is being online all the time	what kinds of things do you do online	would you mind telling me what state you are in?	i am in ohio what about you	i am in texas, the weather is no joke here	yeah were you affected by the hurricane	no, thankfully thankfully i was not, it was only by gods grace
rep-1565	hi how are you doing ?	i am well an you ? like dogs .	hi how are you doing ?	i am well an you ? like dogs .	yes i have 2 german shepards	names ? i have 3 dogs 3 dogs 3 dogs 3 dogs 3 dogs 3 dogs
rep-1566	hello, how are you this evening?	hi, animal lover lover lover lover here, two hound dogs and a trio of cats.
rep-1567	hello, how are you today?	hi . not so hot . i got poison ivy hiking last weekend . how are you?	hello, how are you today?	hi . not so hot . i got poison ivy hiking last weekend . how are you?	oh no! i am tired, but doing okay	yeah . i should have stuck to writing nature poems like usual .	sounds like it! are you a writer?	more of a reader, but i write a bit . what is your profession?	i am a retired veteran, so i am more focused on hobbies now	i have lots of hobbies like collecting weird stickers . what are yours?	i like to ride my custom wheelchair on hiking trails	nature is so beautiful . do you know how to draw? i would like to learn .	i can draw a bit, but nothing special . do you like nature?	yep . but i have learned my lesson . next week i will try cooking instead .	i bet! what is your favorite food?	there are too many to choose just one . maybe chicken alfredo and chocolate chocolate chocolate chocolate chocolate chocolate.
rep-1568	hi! i love to party and jam to metallica . what are your hobbies?	i enjoy spending time with my 3 girls not my ex though	hi! i love to party and jam to metallica . what are your hobbies?	i enjoy spending time with my 3 girls not my ex though	exes are bummers . i hang with my two brothers mostly . where did you grow up?	i grew up in the last was . not sure what that means but it is true	sounds interesting, ha! i come from wisconsin, lots of snow and cold for me! i i i love it.
rep-1569	hi how are you doing	i am well . how about you ?	hi how are you doing	i am well . how about you ?	i am good getting ready for work	me too . what do you do for a living ?	i am a lawyer long hours	i get that ! i am a doctor . pediatrics to be exact . do anything for fun ?	i like to go running with my dogs my dogs my dogs my dogs
rep-1570	hi how is it going ?	hi there i am great eating a snack and you ?	hi how is it going ?	hi there i am great eating a snack and you and you and you and you and you ?
rep-1571	hey there how are you?	hello, i am doing great today what about you?	hey there how are you?	hello, i am doing great today what about you?	i am well just tired, all the little ones in my class are busy	i am thinking about riding my bike tomorrow after work .	really? cool have any pets? i do .	i volunteered today at the homeless shelter . i like helping others .	that is sweet of you, i just got out of college 2 years ago	wow, just 2 years ago, i have grown children that have completed college	i still have roommates here in seattle	i hear it rains a lot out there	lol yes i am young	two dogs and one cat in the house keep me busy	i have just 1 1 cat
rep-1572	hello, how are you today?	hi, i m fine thanks, you?	hello, how are you today?	hi, i m fine thanks, you?	pretty good . i i i am here with my fellow soldiers.
rep-1573	hi, i enjoy bodybuilder, what do you do for fun?	i like to be outdoors . hiking, camping, you know	hi, i enjoy bodybuilder, what do you do for fun?	i like to be outdoors . hiking, camping, you know	do you eat a lot of meat outdoors? like hunting? i love meat	sometimes i will fish on my trips, but that is it .	nice, do you go alone or with siblings? i go with my brother fishing	i do not have any siblings . i go alone or with friends	wow, what does your mom do? my mom works as a secretary	she is a nurse in a hospital	nice, please tell me more	there is not much to tell tell . i drive her to work sometimes in my truck
rep-1574	good evening . i just finished working out .	haha, i just finished a cheese pizza	good evening . i just finished working out .	haha, i just finished a cheese pizza	very cool . i have to take my horse out for a ride in a bit .	i have to go back to work, have a major client who needs his hair done	i hear ya . i need to pick some beans out of my garden for dinner .	i would love to make a dip out of those fresh beans for sunday football	that would be cool if you could .	send some over for christmas! i love christmas	christmas is cool . i cannot wait for this years .	hope to get more clients so i have more cash . just got on welfare, things are bad	ouch . sorry to hear that .	yea . . . the heat just got shut off and the snow is near . things are bleak	keepin keepin keepin keepin keepin my fingers crossed for you.
rep-1575	what do you like to do?	animal lover living in the mountain area who teaches	what do you like to do?	animal lover living in the mountain area who teaches	i am wanting to learn how to draw do you like the arts?	i do actually most performance art tho . some abstract	i like nature and hiking	that sounds exciting where do you hike?	and i love hiking in the mountains too where i write and read poetry	you can defiantly find quiet places for that there	do you you you you you like to cook? i will try any kind of food at least once
rep-1576	hello how are you today?	i am doing well . glad that monday is done and over with . how are you?	hello how are you today?	i am doing well . glad that monday is done and over with . how are you?	good what kind of music do you like? i am really into music myself!	i really like pop and rock music . how about you?	i like pink floyd but other kids my age not not into them .	i am sure there are kids your age who likes pink floyd	not around here . it is all country, rap or a weird fusion of the two .	oh . do you currently work, or in school?	i am still in middle school . are you still in school?	yes, i am in college . i am looking to be a fashion designer . how about you?	i want to be an actor when i get older .	are you in drama theatre in school?	of course i have been in school plays for years! i got the lead this year .	that is great! i always wanted to go into drama stuff but never got around to it it it
rep-1577	hi! do you enjoy walking? i am going out for a walk in my garden	i do enjoy walking! i love to put my headphones on and walk around .	hi! do you enjoy walking? i am going out for for for for for for a walk in my garden
rep-1578	hi, how is it going?	very well, thank you . i am getting ready to make dinner . how are you?	hi, how is it going?	very well, thank you . i am getting ready to make dinner . how are you?	pretty good, just finished up working for the day, looking forward to dinner	what do you do? i work with horses on my parents ranch .	that sounds like a lot of work, carpentry is my craft . that and super dad of 3	i do not have any children, i am a newly wed .	my wife is awesome, helped me quit drinking 5 years ago already	that is an awesome wife! my husband is a cop .	she even tolerates me and my buddies playing poker, a cop sounds dangerous	he is heading to las vegas for a police softball tournament tomorrow .	good luck to his team! do you live in the city or more quite area?	we are in the country, we live on a 500 acre horse ranch,	well that sounds safer than a city for sure . i like rural areas .	i do too . would not live anywhere else .	total agreement, the kids have room to play, strangers are few and far between	exactly . the the the the reason i will stay here, after i have kids.
rep-1579	hi there . how are you tonight?	good . is english your native tongue? it is mine .	hi there . how are you tonight?	good . is english your native tongue? it is mine .	yes it is . what do you do for work? i am employed at a research facility .	i work as an engineer, but i cannot stand any bugs that i find while working .	i have to clean cages at work . my real dream is to be a professional artist .	that sounds very creative . do you like music? bach is my favorite .	people donate their trash so i can make sculptures . i prefer mozart .	how cool you make sculptures . i love bacon and tried to make make make make make make a sculpture with some.
rep-1580	hey , nice to meet you . what are you hobbies ?	hello , how are you today ? i fight for environmental rights .	hey , nice to meet you . what are you hobbies ?	hello , how are you today ? i fight for environmental rights .	oh cool . i am well . i grew up on a horse ranch . still there .	that sounds neat . i actually work selling homes . so you ranch ?	yes . i love taking care of my horses .	my kids my kids my kids my kids my kids my kids would love to see your horses .
rep-1581	hi! what do you like to do? i like reading and video games	hello . i do not really play video games, but i am a big movie fan .	hi! what do you like to do? i like reading and video games	hello . i do not really play video games, but i am a big movie fan .	i like to read drama books that are sometimes made into movies	that is interesting . my favorite movie is napoleon dynamite . i even named my dog pedro .	haha funny . i love dogs since i am a veterinarian .	oh wow! i wanted to be a vet when i was a kid . i work in healthcare .	cool! i live in florida so lots of doctors here	very nice, i love florida . what are your hobbies? i enjoy baking, my favorite are muffins .	i travel back to my home state of california and read	so you have family in california?	yes i do . they always tell me jordan, move back home	i am sure they miss you . how long have you lived in florida?	since i moved here for vet school . where do you live?	i am from detroit . it is a tough place for a five foot tall woman .	i am am sure you are tough!
rep-1582	hello , how are you tonight ?	i m doing ok how are you	hello , how are you tonight ?	i m doing ok how are you	very well , thank you . watching one tree hill	how do you like that so	it is my favorite . what is yours ?	i am not really into tv by i am more on animal	i am a nurse at a kids hospital , some of my patients watch animal planet .	no pictures of my parents both of them and relieve nearby in the mountains	that is interesting . i am a beach person .	i don t really know how to swim because of it but my cats and dogs	i am not comfortable in the mountains .	does the train go visit my three cats and dogs that are too	interesting , i am a catholic a catholic a catholic , do you practice ?
rep-1583	how are you doing today	i am great! i am sarah! how are you today?	how are you doing today	i am great! i am sarah! how are you today?	i am great listening to john denver	that sounds like fun . i am researching for my next trip .	where are you going to	going back to asia, just cannot decide the destination . any hobbies? i love travel .	what is it like ther	i love the culture . its very rich and diverse . i spent half of of of of of of college there.
rep-1584	hello! good evening . how are you?	i am doing well . how about yourself?	hello! good evening . how are you?	i am doing well . how about yourself?	i am doing well a bit tired .	what did you do today?	i cleaned my home . what about you?	i took my dogs to the dog park .	how many dogs do you have?	i have two . a husky and a pitbull .	aww husky . i studied at at at at at at uconn so we were husky
rep-1585	hi how are you doing i am okay .	i am doing very good ! i hope you had a very nice , relaxing sunday .	hi how are you doing i am okay .	i am doing very good ! i hope you had a very nice , relaxing sunday .	yes it was okay thank you so much i like walking . do you ?	i do , especially in the woods when i am out hunting . do you hunt ?	no not really but it seems to be a really fun activity .	it is ! i like to go with my father .	my work out is walking it is very good for the body . that is nice .	do you walk in your neighborhood ? i like to walk to my parents house my parents house my parents house .
rep-1586	hi , how are you ? studying for a test tomorrow .	hey ! me too , and i just got back from the arctic . studying what ?	hi , how are you ? studying for a test tomorrow .	hey ! me too , and i just got back from the arctic . studying what ?	have a test in childhood education tomorrow . wow about the arctic .	cool . i study international law . met my girlfriend abroad .	no boyfriend here , but playing tennis with a new guy tomorrow .	yeah ? active , huh . me too . i am flying out again after my exam .	yes , active . love sports and dancing to rap music .	my dog is better at dancing than i am !	i love dogs , but do not have one . i hang with several friends several friends several friends who do .
rep-1587	hi there, how is it going?	i am doing alright how are you?	hi there, how is it going?	i am doing alright how are you?	i am good, just spending some time online .	i just finished eating dinner with my family .	oh, i live alone in my apartment .	i would rather look at my fish tank by myself .	how old are you . i i i i am 28.
rep-1588	i collect teddy bears . do you collect anything?	not really . i like to study, usually biology at the university .	i collect teddy bears . do you collect anything?	not really . i like to study, usually biology at the university .	i am a nurse . i spend a lot of time in classes classes classes classes classes.
rep-1589	hi, i knit, my father died in the military . i am not looking to make new friends .	good . i just got back from playing racquetball . gonna put on some oldies .	hi, i knit, my father died in the military . i am not looking to make new friends .	good . i just got back from playing racquetball . gonna put on some oldies .	merna jean is my best friend . we are children of immigrants . you?	born here . gonna retire in 5 years if i can .	great! i used to play tennis before i became a a a a baby boomer.
rep-1590	hello , do you like tupac ?	i love tupac . he is great to listen to while weightlifting .	hello , do you like tupac ?	i love tupac . he is great to listen to while weightlifting .	i listen to him while playing tennis and running .	that sounds bold . you remind me of theodore roosevelt . who do you look up to ?	indiana jones . i want to be just like him .	i used to act out his movies at home with my sister .	my friends and i do that as well . it is so fun .	we should get together and act . we could pretend to rescue rabbits for my blog .	i have a blog as well , a photography one .	maybe i have seen it . my sister helps me distinguish red from green .	oh , you are color blind . my cousin is as well .	oh , coincidence ! it is weird looking at a picture of tim mcgraw differently than others .	who is tim mcgraw ? is he a writer ?	he is a country singer , but i bet he would write a great blog a great blog a great blog a great blog a great blog a great blog .
rep-1591	hello , how are you today ?	good ! i am in the army , stationed in south korea . it is a nice day here today .	hello , how are you today ?	good ! i am in the army , stationed in south korea . it is a nice day here today .	it is rainy here . i am in new york .	i am from puerto rico originally . how do you like new york ?	it is all i have ever known , with the exception of pilgrimages to israel .	oh , wow ! i bet israel is an interesting place an interesting place an interesting place an interesting place an interesting place an interesting place to visit .
rep-1592	how are you doing today ?	i m good i just spent time with my family	how are you doing today ?	i m good i just spent time with my family	well , i was listening taylor swift taylor swift taylor swift !
rep-1593	hello, how are you today?	good! i am in the army, stationed in south korea . it is a nice day here today .	hello, how are you today?	good! i am in the army, stationed in south korea . it is a nice day here today .	it is rainy here . i am in new york .	i am from puerto rico originally . how do you like new york?	it is all i have ever known, with the exception of pilgrimages to israel .	oh, wow! i bet israel is an interesting place to visit .	yes it is . they have bakeries that have savory treats, as i do not eat sweet .	that is very cool . how old are you? i am twenty .	i am 23 . do you like jazz?	i am more of a pop music person	i love tupac . do you watch the office?	i wish! i mostly just just just train and wait for my next mission.
rep-1594	hey , tell me about yourself ?	hi there ! want to play some poker ? i love it !	hey , tell me about yourself ?	hi there ! want to play some poker ? i love it !	i would love to ! my sisters and brother sand i have a family game going online .	we cant drink alcohol while playing , though . i quit 5 years back .	that is a healthy decision .	my wife and 3 boys would skin me alive !	charlie , my dog , just stole my dinner and ran off ! it was eggplant , my favorite .	i am so busy doing carpentry that i do not meet many people as friends .	i hear you . i miss my parents back in australia .	wow ! get back here , charlie ! are you vegetarian ?	not fully but i do not eat meat that often .	i see . so your from australia ?	i am . i moved to the states to be a stock broker .	wow ! big money big money there . you will be able to go visit at least .
rep-1595	hi how are you doing tonight ?	i am alright , just listening to music . you ?	hi how are you doing tonight ?	i am alright , just listening to music . you ?	i am doing a lot of studying for law school	that sounds intense . i am only in my last year of college now	it is intense . i wish i could travel more but i am so busy studying	it will pay off one day !	i hope so . i want to propose to my live in girlfriend	oh my gosh , that is wonderful ! i am sure she will say yes	i hope so ! are you in a relationship ?	i am too busy with sports .	what sports what sports what sports what sports what sports what sports do you play ? i like adventure like zip lining in the rainforest
rep-1596	how are you today ? i am sitting at the stock market . slow day slow day .
rep-1597	hi , how are you this morning ?	i am fine . i am getting off my job just now .	hi , how are you this morning ?	i am fine . i am getting off my job just now .	what do you do for a living ?	i am a lifeguard . and i also sell insurance .	that is interesting . i am still in college but i hope to become a teacher a teacher a teacher a teacher a teacher a teacher
rep-1598	hello, how are you doing?	so tired . just got off job 1 and off to job 2 soon . you?	hello, how are you doing?	so tired . just got off job 1 and off to job 2 soon . you?	i am reading fashion magazines .	oh, do you like that kind of stuff? models, shoes, fashion?	yeah, i want to learn to make clothes .	like movie costumes and stuff like that?	just every day clothes like dresses or shirts .	you should try making costumes, like fantasy costumes	okay, i will think about it . have you done that before?	no, but i love the costumes in the lord of the rings .	yes, that sounds like a fun job if you can get it .	i think i would rather write than make clothes or costumes	do you want to write fantasy books?	i sure do do! i am a major fan!
rep-1599	hi . how is it going ? my name is carson	hey there how are you ?	hi . how is it going ? my name my name my name my name my name my name is carson
rep-1600	i just ran around when it s about paranormal	whoa! that is freaky! how is that done?	i just ran around when it s about paranormal	whoa! that is freaky! how is that done?	oh it s because of those novels paranormal mall i ve read	you like books huh? i actually sell paranormal books?	yeah i might probably visit but i work very busy at my moms restaurant part time	sweet . maybe you can trade food for books . do you cater to omnivores?	this makes me excited and and and and and and i m a musically stuttering only pizza
rep-1601	what do you like to do ?	animal lover living in the mountain area who teaches	what do you like to do ?	animal lover living in the mountain area the mountain area who teaches
rep-1602	hey there how are you today ?	hi . good . just quilting tonight . tomorrow night i will cross stitch .	hey there how are you today ?	hi . good . just quilting tonight . tomorrow night i will cross stitch .	i spend a great deal of time at school	that is great ! education here is great . my parents taught me to value it .	i love the ocean me an my friends explore together	my parents came here from across the ocean . proud immigrants proud immigrants proud immigrants proud immigrants .
rep-1603	hi , do you like sports ? i love softball	i am more of a reader a reader a reader a reader a reader
rep-1604	hi i am a bit shy but it is nice to meet you	i met alot of shy people when i studied abroad it is ok	hi i am a bit shy but it is nice to meet you	i met alot of shy people shy people shy people shy people shy people shy people when i studied abroad it is ok
rep-1605	hi how are you doing tonight?	i am alright, just listening to music . you?	hi how are you doing tonight?	i am alright, just listening to music . you?	i am doing a lot of studying for law school	that sounds intense . i am only in my last year of college now	it is intense . i wish i could travel more but i am so busy studying	it will pay off one day!	i hope so . i want to propose to my live in girlfriend	oh my gosh, that is wonderful! i am sure she will say yes	i hope so! are you in a relationship?	i am too busy with sports .	what sports do you play? i like adventure like zip lining in the rainforest	i play basketball for my university	awesome! what position do you play?	i am a point point point point point guard
rep-1606	hi there how are you doing ?	i am good thanks . just got my nails done . you ?	hi there how are you doing ?	i am good thanks . just got my nails my nails my nails my nails done . you ?
rep-1607	hey , where do you work ?	i am a music teacher , what are you ?	hey , where do you work ?	i am a music teacher , what are you ?	i only work part time right now at a restaurant that my mother owns .	do you have a big family ?	oh yeah , six sisters that are older and 1 younger brother , you ?	just my parents and my older sibling	what do you like to do in your free time ?	i like to make music and you ?	i like to read romance novels about paranormal experiences paranormal experiences paranormal experiences with ghosts and aliens .
rep-1608	hey, where do you work?	i am a music teacher, what are you?	hey, where do you work?	i am a music teacher, what are you?	i only work part time right now at a restaurant that my mother owns .	do you have a big family?	oh yeah, six sisters that are older and 1 younger brother, you?	just my parents and my older sibling	what do you like to do in your free time?	i like to make music and you?	i like to read romance novels about paranormal experiences with ghosts and aliens .	ghosts scare me but i think that is because i am so small	what do you mean when you say that you are small?	i am only five foot	that sounds like it could be disadvantageous . i have a stutter which really makes life difficult .	that sounds like it might be difficult	what type of music do you like to make?	any and all types types types of music
rep-1609	good evening! how are you today?	i am fine i have to make sure all my babies are healthy	good evening! how are you today?	i am fine i have to make sure all my babies are healthy	i stay healthy by surfing and i do skate as well .	i do not have time for surfing with my pediatrician carrer	i model high end fashion and occasionally i act, too .	wow i am, in the presents of a model	yes but do not count on me to sing for you . that is not my thing .	when i am not in the doctors office i play jazz	when i move to nyc, i i i hope to hear some jazz on the streets.
rep-1610	hello , have you had dinner yet ?	i did , salad and water .	hello , have you had dinner yet ?	i did , salad and water .	i live in water , at the bottom of the sea .	are you on a submarine ? i work labor and delivery at the hospital .	no , i am not . i have a tail for feet and long hair .	oh , your a mermaid , that would be nice . you live in water and i only drink it .	yes , i am ! i spend most of my day studying .	i spend all my time at work or the gym . do you have kids ?	no , i do not . maybe one day , i am still in school .	i do not want any , i like living alone .	i like animals and sea creatures sea creatures sea creatures sea creatures sea creatures . i would like a human friend as well .
rep-1611	hi! what is your favorite movie? mine is dark knight	my favourite movie is the good the bad and and and the ugly
rep-1612	hello , how are you tonight ? i am looking at the fishing maps .	well the weather definitely is good for fishing .	hello , how are you tonight ? i am looking at the fishing maps .	well the weather definitely is good for fishing .	i am waiting for the lake to ice over .	oh , ice fishing . you better bundle up for that and hope for cold weather .	i have been doing this for decades . i study the ice shelves .	oh . i train dogs . i get to work indoors , a bit warmer .	that sounds interesting . i hunt polar bears .	boy , you really like hunting and fishing . not me , sweets i love .	i am an artic explorer on the side , lo	you really like cold weather . take pictures of yourself while exploring .	no , i am not into self photography like most narcissists .	oh , i would not say i am a narcissists , just like sharing my adventures my adventures my adventures my adventures my adventures .
rep-1613	how are you doing today	i am great ! i am sarah ! how are you today ?	how are you doing today	i am great ! i am sarah ! how are you today ?	i am great listening to john denver	that sounds like fun . i am researching for my next trip .	where are you going to	going back to asia , just can not decide the destination . any hobbies ? i love travel .	what is it like ther	i love the culture . its very rich and diverse . i spent half of college there .	what did you do in college	i studied anthropology and world religion world religion world religion .
rep-1614	hi , how are you today ?	i am good just spending time with my dog . how are you	hi , how are you today ?	i am good just spending time with my dog . how are you	fine thanks , listening to some music	what kind of music do you listen to ?	jazz , i enjoy jazz a lot .	i do sometimes . i also enjoy taking long walks . do you ?	not really , kinda lazy . but i don t don t eat sweet
rep-1615	hello there . where are you from?	i am from canada . how about you?	hello there . where are you from?	i am from canada . how about you?	interesting . i am from pennsylvania in the us .	wow, how is it there?	it is okay . nothing special!	do you get into politics?	sometime . i try to be well rounded in discussion .	i love to listen to debates .	which presidential candidate from the past did you enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy listening to most?
rep-1616	hi how are you today?	great . and how are you doing	hi how are you today?	great . and how are you doing	i am well great at multi tasking are you? i i i like to use trash for projects
rep-1617	hello i am ray i am 20 years old	that is ironic, my dad is named ray . he lives with my mom in australia	hello i am ray i am 20 years old	that is ironic, my dad is named ray . he lives with my mom in australia australia australia australia australia
rep-1618	hey there how are you today ? i hate dogs i run everytime	i am good . just watching the office .	hey there how are you today ? i hate dogs i run everytime	i am good . just watching the office .	like to eat ? i love to cook .	i am eating a carrot , i do not eat anything sweet .	that is cool i want too	tell me something about yourself .	i am a hopeless romantic for sure .	i happen to be jewish .	really ? how is that going for you ?	good . where do you live ? i live in ny .	i live in ohio i am tired	i really like living here , so much to do .	i bet it is more then there is here	one day i would like to move to the west coast though .	really ? it is cool at 32 here	are you in a relationship a relationship a relationship a relationship a relationship ?
rep-1619	hey , wanna go for a walk ?	probably not , but how has your day been ?	hey , wanna go for a walk ?	probably not , but how has your day been ?	pretty good . i took my cat to the vet the vet the vet the vet the vet .
rep-1620	hey how are you ?	i just got home from a nice nature hike . do you like the outdoors ?	hey how are you ?	i just got home from a nice nature hike . do you like the outdoors ?	yes i love the outdoors since i am usually stuck inside for work	hiking gives me inspiration for my drawing class . do you like art ?	i like music my favorite is rush , music is like art right ?	yes ! what kind of work do you do indoors ?	i sell space in data centers so i do not have any windows	i would put wierd stickers all over the walls the walls ! do you have any hobbies ?
rep-1621	good morning . how are you?	i am alright, how are you?	good morning . how are you?	i am alright, how are you?	up too early, but that is the best time time for surfing.
rep-1622	hello, are u a fun of politics?	yes, i am going to school right now . are you in school?	hello, are u a fun of politics?	yes, i am going to school right now . are you in school?	yes and i want to be a student leader .	that is cool, i only have two more years left . you?	i also have the same time left for me to be in school	nice, i am studying law . how about you?	what are your plans after school? i study accounting .	i do not know i just want success . that is cool . any siblings?	yes . i have a young sister who is 10 years old	i am an only child . that must be fun .	i almost grew up as an only child because my parents took long to get her .	that is pretty wild . what is your name?	1 my name is charles graham	that that that is a cool name charles.
rep-1623	hi there ! where are you from ?	mississippi . best jazz around ! how about you ?	hi there ! where are you from ?	mississippi . best jazz around ! how about you ?	california ! not much jazz around here though !	i was just there for a vintage car show . nice state !	my best friend eve 9000 and i like car shows sometimes !	your best friend is eve 9000 ? is that an ai ?	yes she is a robot but sometimes i forget .	how exciting ! how did you meet ?	my dad built her and we became friends since i do not go to public school public school
rep-1624	hello , i love fashion and hope to be a doctor one day . you ?	hello , i am an accountant from ohio . i have two boys and i am single .	hello , i love fashion and hope to be a doctor one day . you ?	hello , i am an accountant an accountant an accountant an accountant an accountant an accountant from ohio . i have two boys and i am single .
rep-1625	hello . how are you doing today ?	doing well ! washing dishes after work . what about you ?	hello . how are you doing today ?	doing well ! washing dishes after work . what about you ?	thankfully not doing that ! my best friend does those . he is a robot .	can not say that i have a robot friend ! would help at my job though .	i do not work . i am in school homeschooled , actually .	so you get to learn while in pajamas ! neat !	indeed ! where are you from ? i am from california .	nebraska . so there is not much to do here . i enjoy bird hunting here .	do you bird hunt a lot ?	only when my company does not have me repairing properties , yes !	you have got to love that work !	i do . been doing it my whole life .	fantastic ! what are your hobbies ? my love is to cosplay .	well , fishing as well ! except i am not allowed to eat shellfish	why can you not eat shellfish ?	i get sick and have a severe allergic reaction a severe allergic reaction a severe allergic reaction a severe allergic reaction
rep-1626	how are you doing today?	i m good i just spent time with my family	how are you doing today?	i m good i just spent time with my family	well, i was listening taylor swift!	is that what you need your free time listen to music i read for my	yeah, i also ride horses	i do you bake cookies homemade for my kids	how many kids do you have	i only have two for now but i want a huge number of family	do you have girls? or?	i have one boy and one girl then my husband do his own business running it	i am sure that is is a lot of money! i actually want to paint my room!
rep-1627	hi how are you doing i am good .	hi . i am doing pretty well . listening to heart , the band . you like music ?	hi how are you doing i am good .	hi . i am doing pretty well . listening to heart , the band . you like music ?	yes music lover i started listening to bluegrass music .	nice . my three daughters all like bluegrass .	i was born with a tail and it got removed thank god .	whoa . crazy stuff . my dad was a firefighter . he told me lots of crazy stories .	i am a expert in skating yes i know l . o . l sorry for the slowness .	no worries . i am patient . i get that from my mom . she was a teacher .	so cool sounds like your parents are nice , i can not eat chips .	really ? do they make you sick ? my ex makes me sick , lol .	love is something but a gift right a gift right a gift right a gift right a gift right . you still love .
rep-1628	hi there how are you doing?	i am good thanks . just got my nails done . you?	hi there how are you doing?	i am good thanks . just got my nails done . you?	i am pretty well getting ready for martial arts class	fun . what else do you like to do?	playing softball . and mentoring teens mostly	do you like the beach?	i i do enjoy the sounds of waves yes
rep-1629	hello, how are you today?	hello i am doing well . hanging out with my dog pedro	hello, how are you today?	hello i am doing well . hanging out with my dog pedro	what kind of dog is he?	he is a yorkie . perfect size for me since i am only five feet tall .	how old is is is is your dog?
rep-1630	hello how are you this evening?	hello good i start my first in college next year	hello how are you this evening?	hello good i start my first in college next year	awesome! i plan on starting hairdresser school	my parent are forcing me to become a doctor	being a doctor is good but do not like that youre being forced	since they brought me a volkswagen they been acting controlling	too bad . i have a fish aquarium with exotic fish its beautiful	cool . i love the mall and fashion	i also have a very neat vintage 50	what is a vintage 50	i pressed enter by mistake lol a vintage 50s collection of cool stuff	wow i would love to see that it sounds cool	yes . a bit of trivia about me . for breakfast i eat granola almost everyday	hmm . i just turned 17 and in my last last last last last year of hs
rep-1631	hey there how are you ?	hello , i am doing great today what about you ?	hey there how are you ?	hello , i am doing great today what about you ?	i am well just tired , all the little ones all the little ones in my class are busy
rep-1632	good evening, i am taking a study break, how are you tonight?	i am well . i just got home from hairdresser school .	good evening, i am taking a study break, how are you tonight?	i am well . i just got home from hairdresser school .	that is awesome, it is really tough being a two year law student .	try having to cook cook cook cook cook for two sons after school! ha ha
rep-1633	did you know that working at whole foods means you can ride a horse to work ? !	not really , i am studying at the university up state learning biology .	did you know that working at whole foods means you can ride a horse to work ? !	not really , i am studying at the university up state learning biology .	that is cool . hoping to go to med school ?	marine biology actually , still a student but i do not party .	neither do i . instead i paint in my spare time . often times it is a city landscape	that is nice , i was born and raised in the united states have you painted there ?	yup , i live in the us . a major west coast city in fact .	awesome , we should chat more often . well i am very busy with my study .	and i am budy analyzing taylor swift lyrics . did you know they can contain hidden messages hidden messages hidden messages ? !
rep-1634	hi how are you today	i am well, studying for an exam	hi how are you today	i am well, studying for an exam	for college or for what?	yes college . working on a degree in marine biology	nice i love fish and that that stuff
rep-1635	hello! i am so happy it is finally fall!	i am too, it really is my favorite season!	hello! i am so happy it is finally fall!	i am too, it really is my favorite season!	mine too! the weather is so perfect for ultimate frisbee .	it is also the best season for fashions, my future goals include being a designer!	my future goal is to find a girlfriend for timothy, my turtle .	aww so sweet! i have put relationships on hold, but someday i see kids in my life .	i am not ready for a relationship right now, even though i love people .	i raised myself with my parents gone, then was caught stealing, so i am working on me .	i am doing the same .	i have a rocky background too, my best friend stole my high school sweetheart .	aww . how horrible . the the the man i love lives in another state, 1800 miles away.
rep-1636	i am in school to be a nurse .	great , i am also a student for 2 more years	i am in school to be a nurse .	great , i am also a student for 2 more years	that is awesome ! ever since marty went i have been attached to my sister !	oh , i do not have siblings so i am not sure what that is like	it is nice . to help people as a nurse too i understand peoples pain .	are you in a hospital a hospital treating folks
rep-1637	hello, you play monopoly? i do . i read 52 books a year . you?	wow, that is great! i collect small bears .	hello, you play monopoly? i do . i read 52 books a year . you?	wow, that that that that that that is great! i collect small bears.
rep-1638	hi . how are you? sittin on the beach myself .	hello, i am ok just hanging out here . do you have pets?	hi . how are you? sittin on the beach myself .	hello, i am ok just hanging out here . do you have pets?	no, no pets . but i loves horses, they are my favorite .	i work as a carpenter, stay stay stay at home mostly . kinda a loner
rep-1639	hi , have any plans for this sunday ?	i do i plan to skip school	hi , have any plans for this sunday ?	i do i plan to skip school	do you want to come watch football with me ?	i would love to , do they have any fashion shows any fashion shows any fashion shows any fashion shows any fashion shows any fashion shows on as well
rep-1640	hi , what do you do ?	i just graduated . working at a fast food joint now .	hi , what do you do ?	i just graduated . working at a fast food joint now .	nice , do you like music ? whenever i am not working i listen to music	what kind of music ? i just work to help my aunt and uncle out .	mostly rap mostly rap mostly rap , i like a lot of art
rep-1641	hi ! what do you like to do ? i like reading and video games	hello . i do not really play video games , but i am a big movie fan .	hi ! what do you like to do ? i like reading and video games	hello . i do not really play video games , but i am a big movie fan .	i like to read drama books that are sometimes made into movies	that is interesting . my favorite movie is napoleon dynamite . i even named my dog pedro .	haha funny . i love dogs since i am a veterinarian a veterinarian a veterinarian a veterinarian .
rep-1642	hello i love living in new york	hello, do they have great italian restaurants like they do in italy there?	hello i love living in new york	hello, do they have great italian restaurants like they do in italy there?	yes and i love to eat	i love to travel, i am hoping to take my dog with me to europe .	i love music and dislike sweets	i love tiramisu . it is one of lifes greatest pleasures .	yes it is . being a jew i enjoy it	have you made a pilgrimage to israel? i went and it was lovely .	no i have not . i do not have much times these days	you really should go . there is so much to see .	i will have to make a date to go go go go go go soon
rep-1643	hello . how are you today ?	oh i am fine , just trying to find a good movie to watch .	hello . how are you today ?	oh i am fine , just trying to find a good movie to watch .	i am binge watching lord of the rings . you should watch it .	i have not seen that , just finished game of thrones whew !	i absolutely love fantasy . i cannot wait until i start writing them .	i write as well since i hate exercise or physical stuff physical stuff physical stuff physical stuff physical stuff physical stuff .
rep-1644	hi how are you doing	very good , how are you today ?	hi how are you doing	very good , how are you today ?	i am good just made breakfast	yummy ! i love to cook , but that makes me unhappy about my weight	oh that is too bad you should find some yummy healthy recipes	yes i should , but my three kids like junk food lol	haha of course they do maybe sneak in healthy things in their dinner	it is hard to eat together , since i work days and my husband works overnights	oh wow that sounds like a busy schedule	do you have any pets any pets ? we have cats , which we love
rep-1645	good morning , how are you today ?	i am fine thank you how is your day going ?	good morning , how are you today ?	i am fine thank you how is your day going ?	very well . just got my kid sister to school , now on to the gym .	that is nice of you do you work out often or in your spare time ?	i am a body builder , and a blogger . what do you do ?	i am a stay at home mom home mom home mom home mom home mom
rep-1646	did did you pull your tag on elk this year? i have been spotting up by the wolf ridge.
rep-1647	hi there how are you doing?	hi! i am doing well . how about you?	hi there how are you doing?	hi! i am doing well . how about you?	great here . just enjoying the quiet afternoon	i am listening to rap music	oh that music gives me headaches i like my oldies .	i go to the gym a lot	that is a healthy hobby . i cannot do much gym any more	walking can be good exercise	i do do that . walk my granddaughter to school everyday	oh spending time with your granddaughter granddaughter granddaughter granddaughter granddaughter must be great . how old is she?
rep-1648	hi how are you doing ?	hello , i am doing great , how are you this evening ?	hi how are you doing ?	hello , i am doing great , how are you this evening ?	i am doing great , what is your favorite hobby ?	photography , i do not drive in nyc , so i take photos whenever i walk .	your pictures is really interesting then , nyc is a very nice place a very nice place a very nice place a very nice place a very nice place .
rep-1649	hi, big time k singer here . what is your hobby?	what is a k singer? i am 17 years old and focused on graduating high school .	hi, big time k singer here . what is your hobby hobby hobby hobby hobby hobby?
rep-1650	hello there , how are you today ?	just as fantastic as i possibly can be and yourself ?	hello there , how are you today ?	just as fantastic as i possibly can be and yourself ?	i am doing so good thank you ! lots of studying tonight for me .	what are you studying , may i ask ?	i am studying law currently . kind of a challenge kind of a challenge kind of a challenge kind of a challenge kind of a challenge kind of a challenge but worth it !
rep-1651	hi , i knit , my father died in the military . i am not looking to make new friends .	good . i just got back from playing racquetball . gonna put on some oldies .	hi , i knit , my father died in the military . i am not looking to make new friends .	good . i just got back from playing racquetball . gonna put on some oldies .	merna jean is my best friend . we are children of immigrants . you ?	born here . gonna retire in 5 years 5 years 5 years 5 years 5 years 5 years if i can .
rep-1652	hi , i am married and have a husband , he is my world , i love him	my collection of stickers and poetry are mine lol	hi , i am married and have a husband a husband a husband , he is my world , i love him
rep-1653	hi there how are you doing ?	i am good , thanks ! and you ?	hi there how are you doing ?	i am good , thanks ! and you ?	feeling pretty well . have a gig to get ready for shortly	you performing there or going as audience member ?	performing , it is a secondary lead part i want . as long as i am not singing	aww , all the best to you ! i just finished baking a cake for my kids and hubby .	hot dam send me some too ! do you like surfing or skating ?	sending you a slice a slice ! i do not like either . i enjoy reading .
rep-1654	hey there how are you today?	i am good . you? what do you do for a living?	hey there how are you today?	i am good . you? what do you do for a living?	i am in the stock market industry	i used to by a geology teacher . now, i go arctic exploring . ice is interesting .	how about yourself? i miss my old folks .	i am in search for lost explorers . i want to help them to go home .	really? where are you looking at?	north pole . it is where i learn to ice fish and hunt polar bears to eat .	cool, any pets i have 1, charlie .	i have a husky . he is my true companion in the harsh cold weather .	i bet! whats your favorite food?	i really miss a bowl of spaghetti and meatballs . yours?	no only i like eggplant parmigiana, ever had it?	yes, i have . it is pretty tasty .	yes it is, have you ever been to my country?	where is your country? where are you you from?
rep-1655	hi ! you read books ? i love reading mysteries .	yes ! i do art so i love all forms of expression	hi ! you read books ? i love reading mysteries .	yes ! i do art so i love all forms of expression	lovely ! my kids love reading too . i have seven of them !	wow that is a handful	haha . i also grew up in a large family on a large farm .	i am scared my kids will get my webbed toes	i hope not ! i am a truck driver . what do you do for a living ?	cleaner at research facility by day , artist by night	nice ! you paint ? blue is my favorite color .	more sculpture , i turn others trash into projects	that is interesting . can you sculpt david ?	i could try , i am only five feet so cannot make anything too tall	haha . get a big stool . you can do it !	i have a big personality for this little body so i do not give up	you know what they say . good things good things come in little packages !
rep-1656	hi! what is your name?	amanda . what do they call you?	hi! what is is is is is is your name?
rep-1657	i collect teddy bears . do you collect anything ?	not really . i like to study , usually biology at the university .	i collect teddy bears . do you collect anything ?	not really . i like to study , usually biology at the university .	i am a nurse . i spend a lot of time in classes .	so you understand ! i love to study ! i am not much of a drinker .	i study if i have to but it is not a favorite activity of mine .	so you want to be a nurse ? i would like to be a marine biologist a marine biologist a marine biologist a marine biologist a marine biologist .
rep-1658	how is your day going? i am just an old tired man	it is okay . thankfully, i did not have court today .	how is your day going? i am just an old tired tired man
rep-1659	hey there . . how are you doing today ?	great ! just grading some papers and throwing some things in the crock pot .	hey there . . how are you doing today ?	great ! just grading some papers some papers some papers some papers some papers and throwing some things in the crock pot .
rep-1660	good evening, i am taking a study break, how are you tonight?	i am well . i just got home from hairdresser school .	good evening, i am taking a study break, how are you tonight?	i am well . i just got home from hairdresser school .	that is awesome, it is really tough being a two year law student .	try having to cook for two sons after school! ha ha	i bet that can be challenging, it it it it it it sounds like success is important to both of us.
rep-1661	do you want to go to the gym with me?	no i am just on my lunch break	do you want to go to the gym with me?	no i am just on my lunch break	i like being alone anyway .	i might be good company my english is getting better	you already rejected me though .	just for the gym whats going on latter?	drinking some water alone probably .	do you like classical music?	i have no opinion .	i am going to a concert for bach want to come?	yes, after the gym maybe	i am up for anything but bug related expos	i do not like bugs .	i have have have have have have a huge fear of all insects
rep-1662	hello . i am eating sausage and bacon for breakfast . what are you having ?	i just finished bacon and pancakes .	hello . i am eating sausage and bacon for breakfast . what are you having ?	i just finished bacon and pancakes .	as a doctor i should know to eat less bacon but it is just so god	that is true . i am studying to become a fashion designer .	so cool ! since i am into bodybuilding i do not wear many clothes	i lifted weights in prison . i did some time for stealing .	oh so did my brother . my secretary mom was so upset about it	my parents my parents do not care about me . they are hardly ever around .
rep-1663	hi here i am in sunny california sunny california . where do you live ?
rep-1664	how is it going? what are you up to?	good just reading a book about traveling .	how is it going? what are you up to?	good just reading a book about traveling .	sounds interesting . how was your day at work?	pretty good . i was happy that i could take a long walk over lunch .	i run a lot and walk .	sounds like we have that in common . what else do you enjoy?	studying . trying to get my high school degree!	that is great! any particular subjects you enjoy?	anything science . do you have pets?	i have a big dog that loves long walks . do you have any pets?	no . i am scared of animals and cannot have any in my small apartment .	i understand . i would like to travel to europe soon . do you have aspirations?	i would like to have a high paying job . i am stuck at burger king for now .	that is a good goal . a a a a a good paying job would help me get to europe too.
rep-1665	hello ! can you believe that i am going to college next year ?	that is awesome ! where are you planning to go ?	hello ! can you believe that i am going to college next year ?	that is awesome ! where are you planning to go ?	auburn . i thought i would study fashion but i think will become a doctor .	fun stuff . . . i went to school to be a vet a vet a vet a vet a vet but i clean kennels now
rep-1666	good morning how are you	tired after driving my truck for delivery . on the road for 19 hours .	good morning how are you	tired after driving my truck for delivery . on the road for 19 hours .	you know what would make your day feel shorter ? some good oldies music	i like music but love mystery books more . have any children any children any children any children any children any children ?
rep-1667	hi my name is john	hi john my name is marie , nice to meet you .	hi my name is john	hi john my name is marie , nice to meet you .	are you an animal person ?	oh yes i love animals . how about you ?	me too . i have two large huskies named jack and jill	i have two small dogs , max and marsha and a cat named ginger .	do you train them ? mine like to catch frisbees .	we do , though mostly they ignore us . what do you do for work john ?	i am a bagger at a grocery store .	nice ! i work with the elderly helping them care for their daily needs .	that sounds interesting . i did not finish school so i do not have a lot of options	you always have options ! what are your passions ?	mostly frisbee and my dogs but i am not much of a people person .	well maybe you could find a job as a dog trainer a dog trainer a dog trainer ! you never know !
rep-1668	hi how are you today	great and how are you?	hi how are you today	great and how are you?	pretty good do you work?	yes i fix hair, how about you	i work as a secretary	cool . i love christmas, what is your favorite holiday	christmas is probably mine too haha	awesome!!! i love all the decorations	what is your favorite favorite color?
rep-1669	hello , how are you tonight ? are you watching the office	hi ! i am well , thanks . i actually just got back from a hike .	hello , how are you tonight ? are you watching the office	hi ! i am well , thanks . i actually just got back from a hike a hike a hike a hike a hike a hike .
rep-1670	hello, how are you today?	good . i am just painting a picture of my horses .	hello, how are you today?	good . i am just painting a picture of my horses .	i i love horses! do you have a farm?
rep-1671	hey! i just got back from working at the grocery store .	that is cool! what do you do there? i just got home from dance	hey! i just got back from working at the grocery store .	that is cool! what do you do there? i just got home from dance	stocking mostly . after hours the girl in charge blasts taylor swift swift swift swift swift.
rep-1672	hi , how are you today ?	good , i am in sales , what do you do for your work ?	hi , how are you today ?	good , i am in sales , what do you do for your work ?	i am enjoying a glass of wine , and you ?	i am listening to rush , i love them	i work from home as a skater	cool beans , do you have any other hobbies then sales ?	i like bluegrass , have you heard of that music ?	yeah but i do not like it	well , i like to read and watch youtube videos and you ?	i like to eat meat and plants , i eat both	fun fact about me is that i had a tail at birth , it was removed .	yeah my friend had that removed at his wedding last week when i attended	it was removed right way right way right way thou so i do not remember it .
rep-1673	hey how are you today?	i am well . how about you?	hey how are you today?	i am well . how about you?	i am a bit sore from doing tae kwan do .	nice! i just signed up for a jujitsu class! so far it seems fun .	nice, i am a state champion .	wow! that is amazing! do you do anything else to help support your tae kwan do?	no . my dad teaches me and it is his life .	ok, i run to help keep my mind clear .	nice, how often do you run?	at least 5 times a week . do you have any other hobbies? work?	i enjoy going on rollercoasters .	oh i hate them . xd	lol why do they they make you sick?
rep-1674	hi how are you today	i am great , how are you ?	hi how are you today	i am great , how are you ?	pretty good do you work	i am in publishing , heading to nyc next year for my job	do you get your nails your nails your nails your nails your nails done ?
rep-1675	hi here i am in sunny california . where do you live ?	i live in florida but my family is from toronto	hi here i am in sunny california sunny california sunny california sunny california sunny california sunny california . where do you live ?
rep-1676	i just found out my friend is getting married . i do not know if that is good or bad	that is great ! family is awesome . mine lives down the street from me .	i just found out my friend is getting married . i do not know if that is good or bad	that is great ! family is awesome . mine lives down the street from me .	i was just at my other friends wedding last week but not me , i am single	are you conservative ? i am .	all of my family is an hour away . i moved for a better job in sales	hopefully the pay the pay the pay is worth it ! do you like ford or chevy ? my truck is a ford .
rep-1677	greeting today my friend! how are you today?	i am doing well, i am taking a break from building a tree house .	greeting today my friend! how are you today?	i am doing well, i am taking a break from building a tree house .	cool, as long as you do not harm the tree .	i have been building tree houses for over 40 years now, the tree is safe . .	i get worried about the world something .	why are you worried about the world?	i just worry about how people harm the environment	yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah, humans have been rough on our plant . do you have any other hobbies?
rep-1678	hi, how are you? studying for a test tomorrow .	hey! me too, and i just got back from the arctic . studying what?	hi, how are you? studying for a test tomorrow .	hey! me too, and i just got back from the arctic . studying what what what what what what?
rep-1679	hi there . how are you	i am good . just got back from a run .	hi there . how are you	i am good . just got back from a run .	sounds fun . i just finished my favorite show one tree hill	do you have any kids ?	i have two . boy and a girl	i have two boys , 2 and 4 .	sweet . good ages . mine are 12 and 9 .	what do you do for a living ?	i am a registered nurse in the pediatric wing at the hospital here	oh cool ! i am actually a pediatrician !	small world ! look at us go hah	do you have any hobbies ?	eating pizza , and reading tarot cards	i love anything to do with vintage cars .	vintage cars vintage cars vintage cars are beautiful . a lot of them anyway
rep-1680	hello , how are you tonight ?	i am hungry how about you ?	hello , how are you tonight ?	i am hungry how about you ?	i could eat , lol . i have two boys and they are always hungry .	i have a dog a dog a dog a dog a dog a dog . i love animals
rep-1681	barbecue is my favorite food to cook .	oh no , i do not like barbecue because i do not like to eat animals .	barbecue is my favorite food to cook .	oh no , i do not like barbecue because i do not like to eat animals .	what do you like to eat ? maybe i need to do the same .	ice cream is one of my favourite foods .	i need to workout . i usually try to on the weekends .	i should work out more , i walk my dogs every day .	i work a lot . what do you do for work ? i drive a forklift .	that is cool , i work on the mountains . do you have pets ?	yes i do have pets . i have 8 dogs , 7 cats and 17 birds .	that is a lot ! i have 3 cats 3 cats 3 cats 3 cats 3 cats and 2 dogs .
rep-1682	you will never guess who i am .	hehe who are you ? did we chat before ?	you will never guess who i am .	hehe who are you ? did we chat before ?	i am the singer in a super popular band .	awww . what is your name ?	i can not tell you , do not want to blow my cover my cover my cover my cover my cover .
rep-1683	hello . how are are are are you tonight? long day of advertising.
rep-1684	hello . how are you ? tell me about yourself .	hello well i love ice tea , country music , and love traveling hbu ?	hello . how are you ? tell me about yourself .	hello well i love ice tea , country music , and love traveling hbu ?	i am a fan of bluegrass personally . i even play	that is cool , my friends and i love to relax to bluegrass	i get to travel too when i am competing	what do you compete in ? i compete in swimming	i am a skateboarder for a living . i got into it while working at hollister	that is cool , do you live in the states ?	i do . i am from cali . you ?	i live in toronto canada	cool . how is it ? is it cold ?	super cold ! cali sounds nice about right now !	it is scorching . the state is experiencing a major drought and an onslaught of fires	ohhhh nooo i will send you the snow !	i gladly accept your offer your offer your offer your offer .
rep-1685	hello , how are you today ?	great ! how are you ?	hello , how are you today ?	great ! how are you ?	i am doing well ! listening to tim mcgraw . he is my favorite singer .	heart is my favorite band , but i like some country too .	what do you do for a living ?	i am a mom to three kids so whatever i need to . you	i am an olympic medal bodybuilder and i blog about rabbit rescues .	my girls want a pet rabbit soon , any advice ?	have a sturdy cage and always make sure they have food and water .	how did you start body building ? that is quite impressive too	teddy roosevelt did it , and he is my idol . who is your idol ?	anne or nancy wilson . strong women all the way !	my sister likes them . i live with her . she helps me with my disability .	neat . my oldest helps with her sisters a lot since the divorce it is just us	that is nice . divorce is hard . how long were you married ?	long enough for three kids three kids three kids three kids three kids three kids . are you married ?
rep-1686	where did you grow up?	in macedonia . i came in the usa when i was 16 . what about you?	where did you grow up?	in macedonia . i came in the usa when i was 16 . what about you?	wisconsin born and raised . macedonia seems exotic .	yeah it is . what is your nationality?	american, like apple pie . never left the country .	that is nice . how old are you?	i am 29, my two brothers are 20	they seems they are twins .	they are twins, not identical though .	what do you mean? identical?	one is tall and has brown hair, one is short and blonde .	aww that is very interesting interesting interesting interesting interesting interesting . do you work?
rep-1687	hello, how are you this morning? did you get your walk in yet?	hello i am fine i cannot walk i am disabled	hello, how are you this morning? did did you get your walk in yet?
rep-1688	how are you doing today?	i am great! how are you doing on this fine evening?	how are you doing today?	i am great! how are you doing on this fine evening?	good . just eating some pizza on my night off .	cool . i only eat kosher meat so i have to make my own pizzas .	homemade pizzas are the best . what kind of work do you do?	i work in advertising . how about you?	i am a nurse at a kids hospital . long days, but kids make it fun .	awww, how fulfilling! so are you enjoying your pizza all alone or with friends?	with my family . about to veg out on some netflix .	just the significant other, or do you have kids of your own?	i have one child who is with a friend tonight .	awesome, so just spouse time tonight? i know nursing hours can be hard on quality time .	he is actually playing the xbox . the kiddo does not always share .	ha! i know those feels . how long have you been married?	14 years this year . how about you you?
rep-1689	hello , how are you this evening ?	its a great night here in the mountains , you ?	hello , how are you this evening ?	its a great night here in the mountains , you ?	its chilly here in ohio .	i do not mind chilly . i do not like snow though	i do not like to be cold , though snow is beautiful .	the snow makes it hard to walk the dogs , do you have pets ?	i do not . my dog passed a few years ago .	that is always hard . i love pets . besides my 2 dogs there are 3 cats	i am going to school next year , for marine biology .	that sounds great . my parents my parents both taught science
rep-1690	hello , how are you doing this evening ?	i am good ! and you ?	hello , how are you doing this evening ?	i am good ! and you ?	doing well , thank you . did you do anything special today ?	i just got done laying carpet !	did it turn out nicely ? is that what you do for a living ?	it is indeed what i do ! i like it , it is good pay !	good for you ! probably keep in shape too !	yes , it does ! also , i was just hanging with my wife and 3 girls	that is what i do . help people keep in shape by dieting properly .	those 3 are all i need ! i do not have very many friends	well what are you doing talking to me ?	i quit drinking years ago	that is fantastic , how did the alcohol affect your brain your brain your brain your brain ?
rep-1691	i just found out my friend is getting married . i do not know if that is good or bad	that is great! family is awesome . mine lives down the street from me .	i just found out my friend is getting married . i do not know if that is good or bad	that is great! family is awesome . mine lives down the street from me .	i was just at my other friends wedding last week but not me, i am single	are you conservative? i am .	all of my family is an hour away . i moved for a better job in sales	hopefully the pay is worth it! do you like ford or chevy? my truck is a ford .	conservative is just one of those words used by the media . its all the same	i disagree . every sunday i am in church . generally the more conservative are there .	both are good but i want one of the new tesla electric cars .	oh, an electric car would be cool . that would be good for the environment .	i go to church for weddings like my friends last week but i am not religious	i understand . organized religion is not for everyone .	i think they will all be electric soon . electric cars were first before gas	oh really? i did not know that .	i am a care salesman so i know a lot about all inds of cars	that is cool . i do not know a lot of them except except except for brands.
rep-1692	hello, how are you today?	hi . i am fine . my parents would be mad if they knew i was up .	hello, how are you today?	hi . i am fine . my parents would be mad if they knew i was up .	that is funny, do you read drama like me?	i do not read much, but i do listen to pink floyd .	i like them almost as much as video games	i love video games! what 14 year old does not? what do you do?	i an a doctor for animals	i really like dogs . not cats . allergies .	i hate allergies they are the worst .	when i am an actor i will be able to afford better medicine .	yeah, medicine is so darn expensive	not as expensive as gender reassignment surgery . not old enough to do that, yet yet.
rep-1693	howdy how are we doing tonight i am fine what about your self?	i am good, just hanging out	howdy how are we doing tonight i am fine what about your self?	i am good, just hanging out	one of the foods i like is nasty sushi cool me to hang out .	i like anything blue that is why i have blue hair	love being a vegan blue hair me too that is so cool .	awesome!!! i need to try a vegan lifestyle	i enjoy working out yes try it some day great for the body .	i am into cosplay . i am a pretty scrawny kid	i love hearing the rap hip hop music love dancing you seem pretty .	aww thanks . i like rap too	you are a very nice person you you you you are so welcome.
rep-1694	hello . how are you doing this evening ?	i am doing well thanks i am an attorney and working on cases	hello . how are you doing this evening ?	i am doing well thanks i am an attorney and working on cases	that is cool ! my job is in labor and delivery .	what a fun job . i live in ok and am a native american	nice . do you have kids ? i do not want any . i enjoy being single and alone .	i have 3 dis do you go to church i do no	no . i am too busy at the gym . i go several days each week .	i go climbing but am scared of heights	that is weird . what is your favorite drink ? water is the only thing i will drink .	i like ice tea . do you like sports ?	i do like sports . my favorite is football .	i like college the best what is your favorite food ?	i stay on a strict diet so that i stay in great shape great shape great shape great shape .
rep-1695	i just finished spending time with my children three girls	sweet! i just finished skating . that is my job, to do tricks on my skateboard .	i just finished spending time with my children three girls	sweet! i just finished skating . that is my job, to do tricks on my skateboard .	you can teach my three girls to do that because i m separated with my husband	do they like chips? i cannot be in a house that has chips, hate them .	i m actually late morning and i parents are teachers and firefighters	a firefighter helped remove the tail that i was born with .	so good you still remember	my mom never let me forget .	you have a nice parents then right	well, she died walking into my workplace in high school hollister . my dad is though .	no i m sorry to hear about that	it was a tough time, but we got through it together .	you must have gone through a lot	i have . she choked on a chip, that is is why i hate them.
rep-1696	good evening ! how are you	i am good i am eating pizza which is the best food	good evening ! how are you	i am good i am eating pizza which is the best food	that sounds yummy . i am getting ready for bed	i am also i have a big family 6 sisters and one brother	i do not have any family . just my new cat	i work for my moms restaurant part time what do you do ?	i make clothing , i make all my own clothes and also sell some	cool i wish i could do that . i stutter when i get excited with things	you should try singing . i sing folk music .	good idea good idea good idea good idea good idea good idea . i like to read romances about paranormal things
rep-1697	hello . i am eating sausage and bacon for breakfast . what are you having?	i just finished bacon and pancakes .	hello . i am eating sausage and bacon for breakfast . what are you having?	i just finished bacon and pancakes .	as a doctor i should know to eat less bacon but it is just so god	that is true . i am studying to become a fashion designer .	so cool! since i am into bodybuilding i do not wear many clothes	i lifted weights in prison . i did some time for stealing .	oh so did my brother . my secretary mom was so upset about it	my parents do not care about me . they are hardly ever around .	i am sorry to hear that . do you have any siblings or kids?	i would love to be a mom but i am trying to turn my life around .	good luck! i have seen many success stories in my work as a doctor	thank you . do you have any children?	i do not . too busy bodybuilding and working at the doctors office	being a doctor is very important . are you a specialist?	i am a general practitioner	you must see a a a lot of different people and ailments.
rep-1698	hey , where do you work ?	i am a music teacher , what are you ?	hey , where do you work ?	i am a music teacher , what are you ?	i only work part time right now at a restaurant that my mother owns .	do you have a big family ?	oh yeah , six sisters that are older and 1 younger brother , you ?	just my parents and my older sibling	what do you like to do in your free time ?	i like to make music and you ?	i like to read romance novels about paranormal experiences with ghosts and aliens .	ghosts scare me but i think that is because i am so small	what do you mean when you say that you are small ?	i am only five foot	that sounds like it could be disadvantageous . i have a stutter which really makes life difficult .	that sounds like it might be difficult	what type what type what type what type of music do you like to make ?
rep-1699	hello , how are you tonight ? are you watching the office	hi ! i am well , thanks . i actually just got back from a hike .	hello , how are you tonight ? are you watching the office	hi ! i am well , thanks . i actually just got back from a hike .	that sounds wonderful , i live in the city and do not have hiking trails .	i am in ohio where there are lots of wooded trails .	ohio is lovely , we went hiked blue hen and buttermilk falls once .	yes , very nice . my 2 sons love to hike buttermilk falls .	that hill though , lol . do you like sweets ? i do not .	i try to not eat many sweets to set a good example for my boys .	i do not like them that much . do you have any hobbies ?	i am single mom single mom single mom single mom single mom single mom so other than hiking , a lot of running my boys around to sports
rep-1700	hey there i am brianna hows it going	hi ! i am kylee . doing well . nothing too exciting tonight	hey there i am brianna hows it going	hi ! i am kylee . doing well . nothing too exciting tonight	that is good and same here sadly	waiting for my next model spaceship to be delivered .	o are those hard to assemble	not too hard , just fun while i am not playing videogames	what video games you play ?	anything really , but mostly warcraft . what are your hobbies ?	i use to draw a lot right now i sont really have a hobbie	i wish i could draw . my parents were more scientific . mom is a doctor	i wish i could improve my art . i am a nurse so you can do both lol	i work in computer science computer science , so not both for me lol
rep-1701	hi have any hobbies i eat oreos to hide my pain	no hobbies, but i too love oreos, although i am dieting right now .	hi have any hobbies i eat oreos to hide my pain	no hobbies, but i too love oreos, although i am dieting right now .	i eat them cause i am in transition	transition? what do you do for fun? i like going to the beach .	i am 14 and skipped puberty cause i am soon a boy	oh ok . what is your favorite animal?	dogs love me not cats but guess it is cause i am different	i love horses! i love to get my nails nails nails nails nails nails done in my spare time.
rep-1702	hello . how are you doing ?	i am doing just fine . how are you today ?	hello . how are you doing ?	i am doing just fine . how are you today ?	very well , thank you . are you religious ? my religion is jewish .	i am not particularly religious . why do you ask ?	just curious . do you like tv ? my favorite is the office the office the office the office the office the office .
rep-1703	hi how are you today	hey there ! i am wonderful how are you doing today ?	hi how are you today	hey there ! i am wonderful how are you doing today ?	pretty good do you work ?	i am a singer actually which can be work but i love it , how about you ?	i enjoy music too what kind	folk music , its kind its kind its kind its kind of like storytelling . people dig it , you listen to music ?
rep-1704	good evening . vietnam veteran here .	nice . i am in the south korean army .	good evening . vietnam veteran here .	nice . i am in the south korean army .	wow, i want to visit south korea one day, but i am in a wheelchair .	were you injured in action?	yes, lost a leg . what do you do in the army?	i am a medic, so most of the time there is not not not not much action.
rep-1705	hi here i am in sunny california . where do you live ?	i live in florida but my family is from toronto	hi here i am in sunny california . where do you live ?	i live in florida but my family is from toronto	oh i see . moving to the east coast next year to the big apple .	cool . how old are you ?	now i am 23 and acting is my profession . also do a little runway modeling .	nice . i am 16 and i would like to be in the army	what do you do for fun ? in california most do surfing .	i like making websites and i drink a lot of lipton	you are too young for the army the army better look elsewhere .
rep-1706	how are you today ? i like you	i am great . just relaxing and knitting some hats for the babies at my old job .	how are you today ? i like you	i am great . just relaxing and knitting some hats for the babies at my old job my old job my old job my old job my old job .
rep-1707	hi how are you today ?	great . and how are you doing	hi how are you today ?	great . and how are you doing	i am well great at multi tasking are you ? i like to use trash for projects	having just one leg , i have to be good at multi tasking	i do not know but my toes bother me	sorry to hear that . my wheel chair is super fast	since they are webbed an i am 5 foot	i knew someone with webbed feet in the military	how did it go ? like artist ?	i feel just too old some days	are you old ? since you feel it	i am in my sixties my sixties my sixties my sixties but feel older some days
rep-1708	good afternoon how are you you you you you you
rep-1709	hello, how are you tonight? are you watching the office?	i am good . just waiting for the good doctor to come on .	hello, how are you tonight? are you watching the office?	i am good . just waiting for the good doctor to come on .	that is a great show . i may set out some hummus and watch as well .	i am making dinner while i wait	i already had dinner, and greek yogurt for dessert . i do not like sweets .	i had to grade some papers and do homework with my kids	i do not have any kids, maybe one day when i find a nice jewish boy .	my husband works nights so its hard sometimes	i bet it is . my dad always worked nights .	cooking and reading are always my my my my relaxers
rep-1710	hi! do you like dogs? i have a great dane	hey there how are you today? yes i like dogs	hi! do you like dogs? i have a great dane	hey there how are you today? yes i like dogs	awesome! i am good . what do you like to eat?	i like to eat vegetables an beans	i really enjoy italian food . i hope to visit italy someday	i like to run an i love a good reliable older car	i prefer walking myself . i walk my big dog daily .	sounds good i would love to go there but as a doctor i am busy	oh wow . you could read about travel, that is what i do	yes i would love to but but but but i stay busy running an reading
rep-1711	hello , do you like tupac ?	i love tupac . he is great to listen to while weightlifting .	hello , do you like tupac ?	i love tupac . he is great to listen to while weightlifting .	i listen to him while playing tennis and running .	that sounds bold . you remind me of theodore roosevelt theodore roosevelt . who do you look up to ?
rep-1712	how are you ? being an old man , i am slowing down these days	hi , my dad is old as well , they live close to me and i see them often	how are you ? being an old man , i am slowing down these days	hi , my dad is old as well , they live close to me and i see them often	that is a great thing honor your dad with your presence	sure , i pick him up for church every sunday with my ford pickup	sounds wonderful my wheelchair can go very fast on various terrains	i guess that means you do not go hunting often ? i love hunting , i own 3 guns	hunting ? i served in the marines , yes i hunt	yeah me too , i am conservative so i love church and hunting	what do you like to hunt ? do you ever fish ?	fishing is good . i love fishing as well	fishing is a better choice sometimes for my one leg	yes that must be hard , i hope things get better for you	i enjoy life , it is what it is these days .	yes i agree . i try to enjoy life too , whenever i am not working	well , you better enjoying working so you can enjoy more of your time .	yeah but i go to church every sunday so my weekends my weekends my weekends my weekends my weekends my weekends are usually booked
rep-1713	hey, how is it going out there? people are nervous over here .	are you at a mall or something	hey, how is it going out there? people are nervous over here .	are you at a mall or something	no, but i am stationed in south korea . where you at?	i am in australia . are you in the military?	yeah, us army . what do you do down under?	i like my hobbies . i am kind of boring	boring is not always bad . what are your hobbies?	i teach my kids at home and like crafts	nice! i like kids, but i i i i i do not think i would be a good dad.
rep-1714	there are four people in my family . how about yours ?	just two right now and a siamese cat .	there are four people in my family . how about yours ?	just two right now and a siamese cat .	those are beautiful ! i do not own any since i am in school .	oh , i no longer work at the bank but for exercise walk a mile a day .	my idea my idea my idea of exercise is dancing while i listen to music i like .
rep-1715	i love animals! how about you!	me too! how are you today?	i love animals! how about you!	me too! how are you today?	i am a bit busy but i love to meet people .	great! what is your favorite animal? i love riding horses on my dads farm	i love turtles! i just bought one .	awe awe awe awe awe, i love turtles too . any hobbies?
rep-1716	hi how are you today	good . tired , i was teaching kindergarten most of the day .	hi how are you today	good . tired , i was teaching kindergarten most of the day .	what is your party affiliation ?	i lean conservative . how about you ?	i am 100 republican	i have a husband and a child to think about . i voted party line .	yeah i also teach and stuff	very cool ! my kids i teach love my convertible mustang .	i have a lot a lot a lot a lot of kids
rep-1717	hello , how are you tonight ?	ok for living in the sea	hello , how are you tonight ?	ok for living in the sea	seattle ? me too , i have two room mates !	not seattle but ocean . i spend all my days at school .	nice . i graduated about two years ago , now i teach kindergarten	i like checking out the sea creatures .	i am not a fan of sea creatures . i prefer my cat . how about you ?	i like cats . but i like my tail as feet	wow that is pretty interesting	i have long wavy hair what about you ?	i had long hair , but i found a way to sell it to pay my bills .	bills cost money . after dinner i usually go out and play with my friends under the sea	you sound like a mermaid a mermaid . i just like to play board games with my room mates
rep-1718	hi there how are you doing?	i am good thanks . just got my nails done . you?	hi there how are you doing?	i am good thanks . just got my nails done . you?	i am pretty well getting getting getting getting getting getting ready for martial arts class
rep-1719	hi how are you today	good . tired, i was teaching kindergarten most of the day .	hi how are you today	good . tired, i was teaching kindergarten most of the day .	what is your party party party affiliation?
rep-1720	hi , what do you do ?	i just graduated . working at a fast food joint now .	hi , what do you do ?	i just graduated . working at a fast food joint now .	nice , do you like music ? whenever i am not working i listen to music	what kind of music ? i just work to help my aunt and uncle out .	mostly rap , i like a lot of art	do you draw ? where do you live ?	i live in rochester boston , where mark walk berg is from	do you work anywhere ? i am thinking about going to college soon .	go to college , they loved me there since i was only 5 feet tall	cool . my parents kicked me out because i would not cut my hair and shave .	wow that is not good . i love shaving but i hate wearing sandals	i have to stay with my aunt and uncle . my job made me shave though .	what kind of job is it ?	cooking fast food . totally dead end . so hopefully college soon . saving up .	i love fast food , i have webbed feet webbed feet webbed feet so i have a weird limp
rep-1721	hello! what what what what what are you doing?
rep-1722	hey there, are you a fellow student?	no i am not . i graduated in may . you?	hey there, are you a fellow student?	no i am not . i graduated in may . you?	i am still a student, although struggling . congrats on graduating	thank you . how old are you?	i am a 40 year old student . engaged to my live in girlfriend . u in relationship?	i am 24, i was with my ex for 4 years, he is engaged with another one .	bummer . fave things? mine are my dog, max, and traveling and adventuring .	i love traveling too . have you ever been to egypt or dubai?	i wish . i have only traveled around usa and canada	i hope in future you will go lol i love dubai .	i will add it to my list list list . maybe on my honeymoon!
rep-1723	hello, how are you tonight?	i am a thing in fashion and acting . but not sure how i will like ny .	hello, how are you tonight?	i am a thing in fashion and acting . but not sure how i will like ny .	it is interesting at best . i love to sing, do you?	moving there next year . love to sing . surf and skate too . you?	i surf and do not see colors correctly, so that is a challenge .	i spent most my life in california sharks are grey . what parts do you sing?	anything by lady gaga and madonna .	neat . so do you perform or work in the industry?	i am retired army, and do not know what to do with myself .	if you can sing, go get on the voice! or take up surfing .	i do surf, and i am not interested in become a pro singer .	is there surfing around new york york york york?
rep-1724	hi how are you doing	very good, how are you today?	hi how are you doing	very good, how are you today?	i am good just made breakfast	yummy! i love to cook, but that makes me unhappy about my weight	oh that is too bad you should find some yummy healthy recipes	yes i should, but my three kids like junk food lol	haha of course they do maybe sneak in healthy things in their dinner	it is hard to eat together, since i work days and my husband works overnights	oh wow that sounds like a busy busy busy busy busy busy schedule
rep-1725	hello , are you familiar with any good barbeque restaurants in your area ?	hi ! yes , there are several . do you like bacon ?	hello , are you familiar with any good barbeque restaurants in your area ?	hi ! yes , there are several . do you like bacon ?	i do especially with barbeque sauce .	i like it covered in chocolate .	i have never tried that , it sounds good tho . do you prefer milk or dark ?	either , lol . it is all good .	what do you do for work ?	i am a civil engineer , you ?	i work as an admin assistant . i have done that for years , hope to retire soon .	i used to do that before i earned my degree .	nice , where did you go to school ? i never finished college .	i went to akron u , in ohio .	i went to a concert by that campus that campus that campus that campus that campus that campus once , very pretty there .
rep-1726	hi . just finished plying a round of second life life life life life life . what are you up to today?
rep-1727	hi, what did you do today?	hey! a bunch of consulting for a large food service provider you?	hi, what did you do today?	hey! a bunch of consulting for a large food service provider you?	i am a nurse, my mom is also a nurse, an army nurse	oh wow i bet that is exciting .	not really, the only exciting thing about my life recently is i got a stray cat	my brother is in the army one of them anyway . you like cats?	i love cats, i love dressing cats, i made a cat sweater, i love knitting	well that is an interesting hobby . do you listen to music?	yes of course, i love folk music, what about you?	i like rock and heavy metal . metallica is my favorite band though .	nice, please tell me more	i grew up listening to eighties rock with my dad and that started my obsession	nice, did you dad listen to folk music?	i am not sure i would have to ask him . how long have you listened?	for about 5 years now	what got you you started listening to folk music?
rep-1728	i cannot have a dog because of allergies . do you own a dog .	nope . my wife and kids happen to be allergic as well .	i cannot have a dog because of allergies . do you own a dog .	nope . my wife and kids happen to be allergic as well .	do you have any other pets?	my kids have two guinea pigs .	i grew up without my mother . did you you grow up with both parents?
rep-1729	hey there how are you ?	i am doing super good ! how are you ?	hey there how are you ?	i am doing super good ! how are you ?	my name is joanna an i sing professionally	oh that sounds so cool ! my name is melanie . i am still in high school .	hey there that is cool , my pops is a farmer an my mom teaches	cool . does your mom your mom your mom your mom your mom like to shop ? i really enjoy going to the mall .
rep-1730	hello! good evening . how are you?	i am doing well . how about yourself?	hello! good evening . how are you?	i am doing well . how how how how how how about yourself?
rep-1731	hi how are you today	good . tired, i was teaching kindergarten most of the day .	hi how are you today	good good good good good . tired, i was teaching kindergarten most of the day.
rep-1732	hi , my name is batista . what is yours ?	oh , i am just a blue haired teenager . how are you today ?	hi , my name is batista . what is yours ?	oh , i am just a blue haired teenager . how are you today ?	ha ha ok blue hair . i chilling playing my guitar .	guitar is cool . i really like music .	yeah , i love blues , what music do you like ?	being homeschooled , i listen to a lot of kinds . it keeps me busy .	homeschooled , huh you must live in the boonies	surprisingly , i am from california . but i hate it .	yeah i got ya , big cities suck big time	yes they do . i would much rather have a ton of land somewhere and be alone .	yeah got that too . i hate being put down for my tats	one thing i hate is having that my best friend my best friend my best friend is like a robot .
rep-1733	hi how are you today	hi! i am am feeling great after a 40 minutes workout.
rep-1734	i grew up with lots of family members family members family members family members family members family members in the military .
rep-1735	i just finished spending time with my children three girls	sweet! i just finished skating . that is my job, to do tricks on my skateboard .	i just finished spending time with my children three girls girls girls girls girls girls
rep-1736	hello , do you like softball and italian food ?	i do , i really love to drive my mustang convertible to an italian restaurant .	hello , do you like softball and italian food ?	i do , i really love to drive my mustang convertible to an italian restaurant .	i go eat when i am finished with taekwondo	oh , i like fitness too , but i am a big person . but it does not stop me .	nor should it ! my husband is a big guy too . he is off on a softball tourney .	being married is wonderful . do you have children ? i adore mine .	no , i do not . i mentor at risk youth though .	that is an important job . my job is a kindergarten teacher , so i can relate .	it sure is . i would not trade it for the world .	i agree . in order to balance life , i live by the sea and swim daily .	i love the sea , and am hoping to move to it soon .	i would highly recommend it .	do you have any pets ?	no pets , just family just family just family . you ?
rep-1737	hi how are you today	hi ! i am feeling great after a 40 minutes workout .	hi how are you today	hi ! i am feeling great after a 40 minutes workout .	what did you eat after it ?	some fresh fruit , a very light snack .	nice do you read books ?	some , mostly about bodybuilding . do you read ?	i love cheesy ghost romances	do they scare you ? is that what you like about them ?	i think they just get me excited	do you believe ghosts really exist ?	maybe the hopes of them existing	i have never seen one myself .	me either but maybe they just hide well	is there anything unusual about you ?	i am the youngest of 6 sisters	wow , that is a lot a lot a lot a lot a lot a lot of girls for a family ! i have just one sister .
rep-1738	hello ! how are you today ?	i am okay . missing home today . i am part of the army . currently in south korea	hello ! how are you today ?	i am okay . missing home today . i am part of the army . currently in south korea	oh it is hard to be so far from home .	yes , for only 21 , its hard to be away long	how long have you been in the military ?	a year now . so where are you from ?	i am from tampa , but i live in seattle now .	i see . i am from puerto rico	that sounds great . it seems like a great tropical place .	it is . you should visit there some time	i would love to . are you enjoying south korea ?	it has its up days its up days its up days its up days i guess . a lot of work though
rep-1739	hey , how is the weather out there ?	it is pretty hot but good for working in my garden .	hey , how is the weather out there ?	it is pretty hot but good for working in my garden .	do you garden a lot ?	yes , it is plenty of food for my family with plenty to give away .	aw , that is so nice . i should garden for my sister	your vegetables your vegetables will taste better . what kind of work do you do ?
rep-1740	hi . i am from canada .	oh hello there! i was just knitting a baby hat for the nicu .	hi . i am from canada .	oh hello there! i was just knitting a baby hat for the nicu .	oh, cool . so do you work in a hospital?	no, i am disabled so i spend my days knitting hats . i donate them .	aww, that is so sweet . i am sorry you are disabled though .	thank you but i am okay with it . it gives me time to cook and knit .	right, i imagine you have a lot of time to do hobbies .	i do do do . it is a relaxing life . what do you do?
rep-1741	hey , do you want to marry me ? i go to college .	sorry , i am in college myself and want to finish my education first .	hey , do you want to marry me ? i go to college .	sorry , i am in college myself and want to finish my education first .	oh , i guess that is fine . where are you from ?	i am in ohio , i play lacrosse for ohio state .	what are you studying ? i am trying to go for marine biology	music theory . i love tupac , so i want to incorporate it into therapy sessions .	he was hot . rip . that is really cool	i loved him , and cried when he passed .	i was too young to really understand .	i have read a lot about it .	i only read about dolphins .	i love dolphins , and sea stars .	but you will not marry me	i do not have on line relationships line relationships line relationships line relationships line relationships , that is so creepy .
rep-1742	hello, how are you tonight	i am well, loving loving on my little dogs an you?
rep-1743	hello , how is your day going	hi . my day is good . i am hanging out with both of my sons .	hello , how is your day going	hi . my day is good . i am hanging out with both of my sons .	cool , sounds like fun . just as much fun as cross stitch and quilts	i love those crafts ! right now i am into my aquarium filled with exotic fish .	i am what you would call a baby boomer , explains the quilting passion	you might like my collection of decorations . they are 50s vintage !	sure , it would bring back old memories . especially when my dad served in the military	that is awesome . what do you eat for breakfast ? mine is granola every day .	oatmeal fan over here . my parents were immigrants , they raised me on oats everyday .	that is very healthy . i like it . do you eat fish ?	yes i do eat fish . i love it	so do i . i just do not eat it in front of my aquarium .	ha ha . . . at least you are considered it of your fish .	i have to be , because it grosses me out to eat them while i watch some swim some swim some swim some swim some swim . lol
rep-1744	hello, how are you today?	i am good, how are you?	hello, how are you today?	i am good, how are you?	i am good too . i have a dream to be a fashion designer	that sounds awesome! are you working working working anywhere now? are you in college?
rep-1745	hi how are you today?	i am okay how are you today?	hi how how how how are you today?
rep-1746	hey there are you allergic to dogs ? i am to cats	no that would suck i love dogs	hey there are you allergic to dogs ? i am to cats	no that would suck i love dogs	i love dogs not cats so it is cool , my town is small , you ?	well i am a real estate agent so i am always moving	gotcha that is nice , i love early mornings	it is nice , i am 34 and still wake up every morning to watch the sun rise	that is really nice , like homemade things ?	what do you mean homemade things ?	crafts , like art , got kids ?	definitely , my major my major my major my major my major my major was from in the arts , i do not you ?
rep-1747	where did you grow up ?	in macedonia . i came in the usa when i was 16 . what about you ?	where did you grow up ?	in macedonia . i came in the usa when i was 16 . what about you ?	wisconsin born and raised . macedonia seems exotic .	yeah it is . what is your nationality ?	american , like apple pie . never left the country .	that is nice . how old are you ?	i am 29 , my two brothers are 20	they seems they are twins .	they are twins , not identical though .	what do you mean ? identical ?	one is tall and has brown hair , one is short and blonde .	aww that is very interesting . do you work ?	yes , i work as a consulting manager . you ?	i finished my degree my degree my degree my degree looking for a job .
rep-1748	hey there! whats your favorite movie? mine is titanic	mine is captain america, civil war! my daddy took me to see it before he died .	hey there! whats your favorite movie? mine is titanic	mine is captain america, civil war! my daddy took me to see it before he died .	wow! i seen titanic like 10 times an i just became a new daddy	i like to dance, i pretend the winter soldier is my boyfriend .	cute, i like to model cars as a past time .	my my my my my my parents and i lived on edris island, before they died . where are you?
rep-1749	hi, do you want to be friends?	sure! can always use more friends . tell me about you	hi, do you want to be friends?	sure! can always use more friends . tell me about you	well i am a secretary now, but i am looking for better work	awesome! i would love to be a fashion designer! are you married? kids?	nah, i just finished college so maybe i will have time for marriage now	congrats on graduating! i am married but no kids yet . we want kids in the future!	thank you! i am lucy by the way .	i had a friend in high school named lucy but she stole my my my my boyfriend lol
rep-1750	hi, have any plans for this sunday?	i do i plan to skip school	hi, have any plans for this sunday?	i do i plan to skip school	do you want to come watch football with me?	i would love to, do they have any fashion shows on as well	only football . we can eat cheese pizza though .	that is awesome i would love love love love love love to do that
rep-1751	hello , how are you tonight ? do you have pets or children ?	hi there . i do not any children but i do have a dog named charlie .	hello , how are you tonight ? do you have pets or children ?	hi there . i do not any children but i do have a dog named charlie .	aw . that is so cute . i am designing a snoopy tee tonight .	neat ! where are you from ? i am from australia . my parents my parents my parents my parents still live there .
rep-1752	hi how are you today ?	i am okay how are you today ?	hi how are you today ?	i am okay how are you today ?	i am well . i just finished reading frost . i enjoy poetry ! ! !	that is good where are you from ?	i am from ca . i love hiking through nature out here . how about you ?	ca nice i never been hiking before i live in upstate ny	ooh ny must have interesting food . i love trying new types new types new types new types new types new types of good at least once .
rep-1753	hey there how are you today?	hi . good . just quilting tonight . tomorrow night i will cross stitch .	hey there how are you today?	hi . good . just quilting quilting quilting quilting tonight . tomorrow night i will cross stitch.
rep-1754	hello how are you today?	hi, i am good, i just moved into a new house i bought! you?	hello how are you today?	hi, i am good, i just moved into a new house i bought! you?	that is great . my family lives on my road .	cool dude . any plans for tonight? i am dancing at the club, i love it .	i would go to the club but tomorrow is sunday and i always go to church .	what church do you go to? do they have candy? i love candy!	it is a very conservative church because i am conservative .	oh in which ways are you?	i am conservative also by buying american vehicles such as my ford pickup truck .	that is neat . i have a dog in school because he is is is is so bad.
rep-1755	hi , how are you doing ?	hello ! i am well . being shy in class	hi , how are you doing ?	hello ! i am well . being shy in class	i just got back from the gym !	oh wow ! i am too shy to go to the gym . where do you go ?	well , i swim every day too	how many laps do you do ? i stay on my computer because i work all day	i do only 10 laps	wow ! i build model spaceships model spaceships model spaceships model spaceships model spaceships and we launch them from pools .
rep-1756	hi , how has your day been ?	great and how was your day ?	hi , how has your day been ?	great and how was your day ?	long day at work . teaching elementary wears me out .	i can imagine . i thought about having children but i am not ready yet .	it is worth it when the time comes ! what do you do ?	i am in fashion design school . i want to have my own fashion line one day .	oh my wife wanted to do the same thing . cooking is my passion .	what dish what dish what dish what dish what dish what dish do you like to cook the most ?
rep-1757	how are you you tonight ? i am working on some crafts as we talk .	nice , is that what you always do after dinner ?	how are you you tonight ? i am working on some crafts as we talk .	nice , is that what you always do after dinner ?	usually . it is preparation for tomorrow . i homeschool my kid .	i spend all most all day in a school with my sea creature friends .	are you a fish ? i like fish . i am allergic to most other animals , like cats .	kind of . i have a tail as feet and wavy hair . are you ?	oh , so you are a mermaid . we do not have any mermaids in our small town .	you do not live in the sea like me ? where do you live ?	i live in a small town in ohio .	what do you do there ? i explore with my friends my friends my friends my friends my friends after dinner
rep-1758	hi how are you today	i am great, how are you?	hi how are you today	i am great, how are you?	pretty good do you work	i i i i i i am in publishing, heading to nyc next year for my job
rep-1759	hi there . how are you tonight ?	good . is english your native tongue ? it is mine .	hi there . how are you tonight ?	good . is english your native tongue ? it is mine .	yes it is . what do you do for work ? i am employed at a research facility .	i work as an engineer , but i cannot stand any bugs that i find while working .	i have to clean cages at work . my real dream is to be a professional artist .	that sounds very creative . do you like music ? bach is my favorite .	people donate their trash so i can make sculptures . i prefer mozart .	how cool you make sculptures . i love bacon and tried to make a sculpture with some .	that is really cool ! i like watching shows featuring creative cooking like that .	i also watch cooking shows ! great way to get recipe ideas .	tell me something unique about you . my toes are webbed and i am short 5 feet .	i have a small mole a small mole a small mole a small mole on my chin . what color is your hair ?
rep-1760	hey like, how s it going	good and how are you today?	hey like, how s it going	good and how are you today?	i m really good, just got back from practice	what kind of practice do you do?	i do tae kwan do, my dad is my my my my instructor
rep-1761	hi . i am sheila . i an 12 .	hey i am brian i am 14	hi . i am sheila . i an 12 .	hey i am brian i am 14	hi brian . i live in florida . i have never left here .	i live in louisiana i have been here my whole life	i love rollercoasters . i go to busch gardens all the time .	i use to like those but my anxiety be too bad for it and whats that	i use to have anxiety but then i took tae kwan do . i am a champ at it	that actually helps? nothing really helps, e	it does . that and tai chi . its calming .	i might try that the only thing that normally helps is being around my dog	dogs are cool . what kind of dog do you have?	he is a chihuahua dachshund mix mix mix mix
rep-1762	hi how are you doing ?	i am well an you ? like dogs .	hi how are you doing ?	i am well an you ? like dogs .	yes i have 2 german shepards	names ? i have 3 dogs	i have a boy and a girl diesel and nala	awe how old are they ?	26 where did you go to school i attended university of mississippi	i went here in ohio like pizza ?	yes i do i usually order it every friday i am a real estate agent	what is your favorite holiday your favorite holiday your favorite holiday your favorite holiday your favorite holiday your favorite holiday ?
rep-1763	hey , i am here with my dogs , timbo and bananas	i love dogs ! we have a lot of them on my horse ranch .	hey , i am here with my dogs , timbo and bananas	i love dogs ! we have a lot of them on my horse ranch .	that is awesome ! what do you do with your horses ?	i train horses for a living . what do you do ?	i play frisbee competitively and it is so much fun	that is great ! i exercise every day to stay healthy and eat from my garden	yes . it is so important to state healthy so your dogs always have you	when i am on the ranch working i listen to john denver on my ipod	west virginia . take me home .	i love riding horses in west virginia	i take my dogs camping there when we travel for frisbee . great place	do you exercise like me when you travel ?	yep . have to stay in shape for my sport my sport . cant skip leg day
rep-1764	hi there , just getting home from work how are you doing ?	just playing my fantasy videogames relaxing	hi there , just getting home from work how are you doing ?	just playing my fantasy videogames relaxing	that sounds like fun i like first person shooter games . and movies	o ok i can make a shooter game a shooter game a shooter game my degree is in computer science
rep-1765	i love animals ! how about you !	me too ! how are you today ?	i love animals ! how about you !	me too ! how are you today ?	i am a bit busy but i love to meet people .	great ! what is your favorite animal ? i love riding horses on my dads farm my dads farm my dads farm my dads farm my dads farm
rep-1766	how are you today? i like you	i am great . just relaxing and knitting some hats for the babies at my old job .	how are you today? i like you	i am great . just relaxing and knitting some hats for the babies at my old job .	where did you use to work?	childrens hospital until i became disabled . what do you do?	i rent out houses to people	that is a great industry . what kind of music do you like?	like people who are handy?	yes . i love to cook and i am looking for someone to build me some cooling racks .	lol, i like classic cars	me too what is your favorite? chevelle? cadillac? oldsmobile?	i get sick on seafood	i prefer to cook vegan food . what do you like to eat?	i like to eat fried foods	well they are not good for you but they taste great! do do do do you like french fries?
rep-1767	good afternoon, how are you?	hi, i enjoy watching sports on sunday .	good afternoon, how are you?	hi, i enjoy watching sports on sunday .	me too . being colorblind it is hard for me to differentiate the teams sometime .	i see, i like watching football, how how how about you?
rep-1768	hello , how are you today ?	fine how are you on this cold day ?	hello , how are you today ?	fine how are you on this cold day ?	excited , i am going hunting this weekend and the weather is great for it	i love to play my guitar when i am not working as a batista .	what music do you play ? i love church music	gospel music , i share an apartment with my two brothers in chicago .	that is great ! family is so important , i am glad mine are just down the street	that is good , my parents reside in arkansas .	arkansas is a great state , i enjoy that the south is more conservative	i have eight tattoos on my back .	what are they tattoos of ? i have one of the ford logo	a collage a collage a collage a collage a collage a collage of places and faces of loved ones .
rep-1769	hey i am brianna hows it going	i am dan and its going good i just got back from hunting	hey i am brianna hows it going	i am dan and its going good i just got back from hunting	o what were you hunting	i am deer hunting . i work for a property management company	o i work for an animal shelter	for fun i working on fixing up old cars	o cool i have a band	cool what kind of music ?	its a rock band its a rock band its a rock band its a rock band its a rock band named simple plan
rep-1770	hi i am joanna . i sing blues professionally	oh that is cool . i can do your hair before a show . hair stylist here haha	hi i am joanna . i sing blues professionally	oh that is is is is is cool . i can do your hair before a show . hair stylist here haha
rep-1771	i am from a large family with 6 sisters and us 2 boys .	do you have any plans this weekend?	i am from a large family with 6 sisters and us 2 boys .	do you have any plans this weekend?	just work part time for the restaurant my mother owns .	i am going hunting this weekend .	where and what do you hunt?	on the north side . i will be hunting wildlife .	okay, and i will be eating pizza . ever hear that song going on a pizza hunt?	no, the week after i will be restoring classic cars .	oh that sounds nice . going to a car show? .	probably, if the weather permits .	i would stutter to see so many neat cars .	yeah, they look pretty interesting .	i read a lot of romances paranormal and there is a lot of fancy cars in novel .	i heard that romance novels are long and they a long time to read .	yes but good to kill time .	i work long hours as a handyman and do not not have the time to read.
rep-1772	hi how are you doing?	hello, i am doing great, how are you this evening?	hi how are you doing?	hello, i am doing great, how are you this evening?	i am doing great, what is your favorite hobby?	photography, i do not drive in nyc, so i take photos whenever i walk .	your pictures is really interesting then, nyc is a very nice place .	it is . i used to live in ohio . are you jewish?	no i am not jewish i am spiritual not religious	nothing wrong with that, i was was was only going to ask if you knew of a deli.
rep-1773	hey i am brian hows it going	it is going well, how about you	hey i am brian hows it going	it is going well well well well, how about you
rep-1774	hi how are you today	hey there! i am wonderful how are you doing today?	hi how are you today	hey there! i am wonderful how are you doing today?	pretty good do you work?	i am a singer actually which can be work but i love it, how about you?	i enjoy music too what kind	folk music, its kind of like like like like like storytelling . people dig it, you listen to music?
rep-1775	do you want to go to the gym with me ?	no i am just on my lunch break	do you want to go to the gym with me ?	no i am just on my lunch break	i like being alone anyway .	i might be good company my english is getting better	you already rejected me though .	just for the gym the gym the gym whats going on latter ?
rep-1776	hi there . how are you tonight ?	good . is english your native tongue ? it is mine .	hi there . how are you tonight ?	good . is english your native tongue ? it is mine .	yes it is . what do you do for work ? i am employed at a research facility .	i work as an engineer , but i cannot stand any bugs that i find while working .	i have to clean cages at work . my real dream my real dream my real dream my real dream my real dream is to be a professional artist .
rep-1777	hi there ! just finished cooking my homemade meal of the day . how about you ?	oh , what did you make ? i made some traditional native american food .	hi there ! just finished cooking my homemade meal of the day . how about you ?	oh , what did you make ? i made some traditional native american food .	lasagna . my husband and 8 kids keep me really busy !	yum ! my dogs and birds keep me busy .	i like to read when i get time , but my husband my husband my husband my husband needs my help often .
rep-1778	hello , how are you today ?	great ! how are you ?	hello , how are you today ?	great ! how are you ?	i am doing well ! listening to tim mcgraw . he is my favorite singer .	heart is my favorite band , but i like some country too .	what do you do for a living ?	i am a mom to three kids so whatever i need to . you	i am an olympic medal bodybuilder and i blog about rabbit rescues .	my girls want a pet rabbit soon , any advice ?	have a sturdy cage and always make sure they have food and water .	how did you start body building ? that is quite impressive too	teddy roosevelt did it , and he is my idol . who is your idol ?	anne or nancy wilson . strong women all the way !	my sister likes them . i live with her . she helps me with my disability my disability .
rep-1779	hello there! how are you today?	hi i am doing great at the truck stop waiting to get loaded	hello there! how are you today?	hi i am doing great at the truck stop waiting to get loaded	oh! you are a truck driver?	yeah its the best way to support my 7 kids	that is great . i am unable to work due to my disability .	oh i am sorry . what do you do to pass time	i knit baby hats for local hospitals!	that is very nice of you! i just read mystery novels in my spare time	do you like music at all? i prefer country .	i listen to country too i grew up listening to it on on on on on the farm
rep-1780	hello there! how are you?	i am doing well . i am taking a break at work i am a factory worker .	hello there! how are you?	i am doing well . i am taking a break at work i am a factory worker .	i am playing a video game at the moment . how long is your break?	about 30 minutes . i like football video games . my favorite team is the buckeyes .	i like playing final fantasy .	i played the two on super nes when i was younger . do you exercise?	i dance a lot! that is my exercise!	my friend wants me to go swimming at the gym pool, but i am scared of water .	i would help you if i could, but i i i am too shy.
rep-1781	hello , how are you today ?	i am good , how are you ?	hello , how are you today ?	i am good , how are you ?	i am good too . i have a dream to be a fashion designer	that sounds awesome ! are you working anywhere now ? are you in college ?	i am still in college . single since my friend to my boyfriend in high school	cool ! i am retired from the banking business . do you have any hobbies ?	yes i have a few hobbies like skateboarding , snowboarding , flying my drone	wow ! i like to make quilts for my relatives in my free time .	are you married , i want kids but its just not the time its just not the time its just not the time its just not the time its just not the time
rep-1782	good evening . vietnam veteran here .	nice . i am in the south korean army .	good evening . vietnam veteran here .	nice . i am in the south korean army .	wow, i want to visit south korea one day, but i am in a wheelchair .	were you injured in action?	yes, lost a a a leg . what do you do in the army?
rep-1783	hey there how are you ? it was beautiful saturday my friend got married !	i am doing great ! i am just currently exploring with my sea creature friends !	hey there how are you ? it was beautiful saturday my friend got married !	i am doing great ! i am just currently exploring with my sea creature friends !	i love bands especially rush	i like rush as well , i have to see them whenever i can above the sea .	what kind of sea creatures ? i like to draw online its a hobby	well starfish , jellyfish , squids , fish , they are all my friends !	really ? i like to do anything in sales , that is my field	that sounds awesome , i have a tail as feet , so i can not work .	are you a fish a fish a fish ? i am also a omnivore
rep-1784	i am drunk on scotch scotch right now, you?
rep-1785	hey there . how is it going?	not bad . currently writing my third novel . all about romance .	hey there . how is it going?	not bad . currently writing my third novel . all about romance .	how long have you been writing for?	over 20 years . living far away on an island helps me gather thoughts .	i did not graduate from high school, so writing novels seems like a great achievement!	well, i keep to myself alot . not very social . wish i was more outgoing .	my two dogs are my best friends . do you have any pets?	one dog and two cats . great companions . any children?	i have one son and one daughter . how about you?	nope, just the pets . i had a hard time finding someone .	did you stop looking?	sort of . i am very content but sometimes i get lonely .	maybe you could reach out a bit and find a group with a similar hobby?	i could . are you you you married?
rep-1786	hey what are your interests?	i love the mall, shopping is my hobby . do you have any?	hey what are are are are your interests?
rep-1787	hello, how are you today?	great! how are you?	hello, how are you today?	great! how are you?	i am doing well! listening to tim mcgraw . he is my favorite singer .	heart is my favorite band, but i like some country too .	what do you do for a living?	i am a mom to three kids so whatever i need to . you	i am an olympic medal bodybuilder and i blog about rabbit rescues .	my girls want a pet rabbit soon, any advice?	have a sturdy cage and always make sure they have food and water .	how did you start body building? that is quite impressive too	teddy roosevelt did it, and he is my idol . who is your idol?	anne or nancy wilson . strong women all the way!	my sister likes them . i live with her . she helps me with my disability .	neat . my oldest helps with her sisters a lot since the divorce it is just just just just just just us
rep-1788	whats up ? hows it going	pretty good , just finished a long shift in labor and delivery . where do you work ?	whats up ? hows it going	pretty good , just finished a long shift in labor and delivery . where do you work ?	so i am in school to be a hairdresser ?	that sounds nice ! do you have any children ?	no but i have fish which i consider to be my kids .	that is nice ! i have a dog , only child i want to have haha	do you have any hobbies	i go to the gym often . how about you ?	the healthiest that i get is eating granola	i have heard granola is good with milk . but the only thing i drink is water	wow you seem really healthy	it takes a lot of time , so i am currently single . but i like being single	i am single too ! i wish i went to the gym the gym the gym more
rep-1789	hello . how are you doing?	i am doing just fine . how are you today?	hello . how are you doing?	i am doing just fine . how are you today?	very well, thank you . are you religious? my religion is jewish .	i am not particularly religious . why do you ask?	just curious . do you like tv? my favorite is the office .	i do not watch much tv, but i do enjoy archer .	how about music? my favorite is jazz .	i enjoy blues more because i am from chicago . what do you like about jazz?	i just like the smoothness of it . i am from new york .	i love new york . i will be coming coming coming coming there in a few weeks for the marathon.
rep-1790	good afternoon how are you doing	i am doing well . how about yourself?	good afternoon how are you doing	i am doing well . how about yourself?	pretty good wanting to go hunting	there is not not not much hunting available here . i live on an island edris island.
rep-1791	is there anything better than a cold drink after a long day ?	it depends . personally , my favorite way to relax is to scroll through some clothes catalogs .	is there anything better than a cold drink after a long day ?	it depends . personally , my favorite way to relax is to scroll through some clothes catalogs .	yeah ? a bit of a fashionista ?	definitely . i just love fashion , and i love clothes shopping . what about you ?	i am not one for clothes . i sit around in sweats to write .	i see . you are a writer , then ?	yes . short pieces , no novels here . what about yourself ?	i am a freshman in college . i really want to be a doctor though .	stick with it or you will have to run away with the circus the circus the circus the circus the circus like me ! ! lol
rep-1792	hello, do you like tupac?	i love tupac . he is great to listen to while weightlifting .	hello, do you like tupac?	i love tupac . he is great to listen to while weightlifting .	i listen to him while playing tennis and running .	that sounds bold . you remind me of theodore roosevelt . who do you look up to?	indiana jones . i want to be just like him .	i used to act out his movies at home with my sister .	my friends and i do that as well . it is so fun .	we should get together and act . we could pretend to rescue rabbits for my blog .	i have a blog as well, a photography one .	maybe i have seen it . my sister helps me distinguish red from green .	oh, you are color blind . my cousin is as well .	oh, coincidence! it it it it it it is weird looking at a picture of tim mcgraw differently than others.
rep-1793	hello! what are you doing?	i am working on my latest quilt, do you have hobbies?	hello! what are you doing?	i am working on my latest quilt, do you have hobbies?	yes! i have exotic fish and just finished cleaning their aquarium .	wow that is a cool bet . do they have names?	larry moe curly dory and nemo . not original . what kind of quilt are you making?	lol that is hilarious . it is a patriotic quilt as a present for my dad	that is very sweet . did he serve?	yes, he is a war vet . i am making it for veterans day	i am sure he will appreciate it . my eldest boy wants to join the air force .	that is something to be proud of . we should all be proud of our military	i agree . it is scary and i am worried, but i agree .	well best of luck to him . i know he must appreciate your support	what branch did your father serve in?	army . he is from scotland and serving in the army meant a lot to him	well, good luck with the quilt .	thank you . good luck to your your your your your your son
rep-1794	hello! what are you doing?	i am working on my latest quilt, do you have hobbies?	hello! what are you doing?	i am working on my latest quilt, do you have hobbies?	yes! i have exotic fish and just finished cleaning their aquarium .	wow that is a cool bet . do they have names?	larry moe curly dory and nemo . not original . what kind of quilt are you making?	lol that is hilarious . it is a patriotic quilt as a present for my dad	that is very sweet . did he serve?	yes, he is a war vet . i am am am am making it for veterans day
rep-1795	hi how are you doing	hi . i am doing well . how about you ?	hi how are you doing	hi . i am doing well . how about you ?	pretty good where do you work ?	i am self employed . a free lance writer .	i do stocks . that must be hard	i love it . it lets me weave in stories about my old job at the carnival .	what is your favorite food ?	not much of a foodie . now , cold scotch on the rocks . bliss . what is yours ?	eggplant parmigiana eggplant parmigiana i am an italian
rep-1796	good evening , how are you doing today	i am doing pretty good . just got back from a nice long walk . you ?	good evening , how are you doing today	i am doing pretty good . just got back from a nice long walk . you ?	just got back from work at my dead end job at mcdonalds	ugh i am sorry to hear that . what do you want to do for work ?	looking for anything different to get out of customer service	what do you like to do for fun ?	spending time with my aunt and uncle , they raised me so i owe them	that is very nice . i love spending time with my big pet dog .	i love dogs , i wish my parents loved me	maybe take a nice long walk to think . that always helps me .	do you live near a beach a beach a beach a beach a beach ?
rep-1797	hello there! tell me about yourself?	i for sure read an speak english	hello there! tell me about yourself?	i for sure read an speak english	that is helpful . i do as well and just graduated college .	i love pork, especially bacon .	bacon is good . i do not eat much meat though . do you have pets?	really did not know lol, like bugs? they are nasty .	bugs are okay but i prefer arizona, my cat .	what do you do for a living? i engineer	right now i just play board games and read biographies .	cool what ever it takes for you	i just graduated and have not found work yet .	now me i make money all day	that sounds enjoyable to me!	yes it is i love it i need it	everyone has has has has different goals, that is for sure
rep-1798	hi there, how are you?	hey i am good how about yourself	hi there, how are you?	hey i am good how about yourself	good, just got back from the gym ready to hang out alone and kick back .	oh cool you work out often?	just once a week but i have been been been been been been trying to stay healthy, drinking nothing but water now
rep-1799	hey, i am here with my dogs, timbo and bananas	i love dogs! we have a lot of them on my horse ranch .	hey, i am here here with my dogs, timbo and bananas
rep-1800	good evening . vietnam veteran here .	nice . i am in the south korean army .	good evening . vietnam veteran here .	nice . i am in the south korean army .	wow, i want to visit south korea one day, but i i i i i i am in a wheelchair.
rep-1801	hello how are you today	not too bad , eating a ribeye at the moment	hello how are you today	not too bad , eating a ribeye at the moment	sounds good , i love steak	i love it almost as much as the sound system i have in my truck	yeah its great i go to the gym 3 times a week	i prefer hiking and camping , cardio at the gym is so boring	i have a lot of free time being single and living alone	you should get into healthcare like my mom , lots of nice ladies	i work in labor at the hospital the hospital the hospital the hospital the hospital .
rep-1802	hello, how are you tonight?	hey! bored waiting to go to my boring job . how are you?	hello, how are you tonight?	hey! bored waiting to to go to my boring job . how are you?
rep-1803	good evening ! how are you	i am good i am eating pizza which is the best food	good evening ! how are you	i am good i am eating pizza which is the best food the best food the best food
rep-1804	hello , i have been busy singing karaoke ; what are you doing ?	i am good busy with 2 part time jobs	hello , i have been busy singing karaoke ; what are you doing ?	i am good busy with 2 part time jobs	well , i understand the need for money .	yeah i wanna write book someday	that sounds like a neat idea . i was in the army and consider telling my stories .	i wanna write fantasy write fantasy write fantasy write fantasy but for now i will just was lord of the rings
rep-1805	hey there how are you ?	pretty great ! i am just eating a steak and potatoes	hey there how are you ?	pretty great ! i am just eating a steak and potatoes	i love superheros especially the dark movie kind .	they are really good . what is your favorite ?	really ? i enjoy me a good hard drink , scotch is my choice .	yummy . i drank a ton last week when i was at my friends wedding	whoa , i hope you were not sloppy drunk lol	just a little bit but i am sure he will forgive me haha	oh man lol , i like to write do you ?	i am more of a graphic design artist actually . what do you write ?	i like to write small short stories .	that is great . you should write one about my favorite band rush my favorite band rush my favorite band rush my favorite band rush my favorite band rush my favorite band rush
rep-1806	good evening . how are you ?	having a quiet evening at home with my cats . how are you ?	good evening . how are you ?	having a quiet evening at home with my cats . how are you ?	doing the same . listening to some country music .	i love country music ! the stories always give me ideas for writing .	i knit hats for infants at the hospital so i play country music country music country music country music a lot .
rep-1807	barbecue is my favorite food to cook .	oh no, i do not like barbecue because i do not like to eat animals .	barbecue is my favorite food to cook .	oh no, i do not like barbecue because i do not like to eat animals .	what do you like to eat? maybe i need to do the same .	ice cream is one of my favourite foods .	i need to workout . i usually try to on the weekends .	i should work out more more more more, i walk my dogs every day.
rep-1808	how are you today ? i am doing great myself	i am great ! it is hot here in south carolina today .	how are you today ? i am doing great myself	i am great ! it is hot here in south carolina today .	i love south carolina what part are you in ?	charleston . i moved here after graduation from usc .	that is a long move . all the way from california ?	yes . i love it here . i belong to a horror film group .	i was a teacher than ice became more interesting	i went to school for teaching but i sing professionally now .	i sometimes search for polar bears to hunt	that sounds illegal . are they not protected ?	they are good for food . the meat gets very tender	really ? i am surprised to hear that . where do you live ?	i love to explore the artic terrain the artic terrain the artic terrain the artic terrain the artic terrain the artic terrain
rep-1809	hi , what is up with you today ?	hi there ! the lord of the rings ! i am a huge binge watcher	hi , what is up with you today ?	hi there ! the lord of the rings ! i am a huge binge watcher	that is awesome . i have never seen them though	well that is between my two part time jobs .	wow , what do you do ?	i am a nurse . i work in the er and surgery unit	sick , i bet you have seen some pretty grotty stuff !	yes it is awesome . i must admit i love fantasy . what do you do ?	you probably know who i am . i am a lead singer of your favorite band .	no way ! ! ! tell me , tell me !	sorry . but maybe we party sometime . that is my second part time job . d	i live in texas , where are you traveling right now ?	keeping it local for now . traveled too much with my dad as a kid	i totally understand that . it is tough for kids .	yeah , my three sisters stayed home with my mom my mom my mom my mom my mom , but i was always hitched to the semi .
rep-1810	hey what is up my man?	hi . nothing much . just busy with my latest quilting project .	hey what what what what what is up my man?
rep-1811	hello , how are you doing today ?	hello . i am retired , so i am great ! i was a banker a banker a banker a banker a banker . how are you ?
rep-1812	hello , my name is randy . how are you ?	hi randy , i am good ! just at work . what about you ?	hello , my name is randy . how are you ?	hi randy , i am good ! just at work . what about you ?	just done with band practice band practice band practice band practice band practice . i am the lead singer !
rep-1813	did you pull your tag on elk this year ? i have been spotting up by the wolf ridge .	i actually was not able to get an elk tag this season .	did you pull your tag on elk this year ? i have been spotting up by the wolf ridge .	i actually was not able to get an elk tag this season .	what are you going to do instead ?	i might go and see metallica with the money instead .	that is epic ! i have an opportunity if you are interested .	what kind of opportunity do you have ?	i have a company that rents property . we could use another handyman you game ?	i would be willing to help ! i also have management experience from my job my job my job my job my job .
rep-1814	good evening, what is new with you?	not much . i went to an amusement park today, you?	good evening, what is new with you?	not much . i went to an amusement park today, you?	that sounds fun! i got a new book about europe, i would love to travel there .	i would love that too . i have never even left maryland	i dream of walking through europe one one one one one day.
rep-1815	good afternoon how are you doing	i am doing well . how about yourself ?	good afternoon how are you doing	i am doing well . how about yourself ?	pretty good wanting to go hunting	there is not much hunting available here . i live on an island edris island .	wow i bet that is nice . i love my hot rod my hot rod my hot rod my hot rod my hot rod
rep-1816	hi, how are you today?	i am good just spending time with my dog . how are you	hi, how are you today?	i am good just spending time with my dog . how are you	fine thanks, listening to some music	what kind of music do you listen to?	jazz, i enjoy jazz a lot .	i do sometimes . i also enjoy taking long walks . do you?	not really, kinda lazy . but i don t eat sweet	i love to travel . do you vacation much?	no, i like to watch tv shows . the office is my favorite	the office is funny . do you read much?	some books about jews . i am jewish	do you ever read books on traveling to europe?	sometimes . i enjoy reading books	so do do do do do i . wish i had more time to read
rep-1817	hi . how is your day going?	great, just got home from work . how are you?	hi . how is your day going?	great, just got home from work . how are you?	not bad . the teens at the shelter were great today . what is your profession?	i work at a help desk . so you work with homeless teens?	yep . i am a mentor of sorts . thinking of cooking . you had supper?	i did, i eat dinner while watching the news . what what what what what are you cooking?
rep-1818	hello , my name is jonas , how are you doing today ?	bad , i am broke and my low income apartment has rent due tomorrow	hello , my name is jonas , how are you doing today ?	bad , i am broke and my low income apartment has rent due tomorrow	i know that feeling . i have been stuck at the same low paying job for years .	same here , fast food does not pay like how i thought it did at 16	at 16 , i had a job taking care of cats , but now i really hate them .	i hate all animals to be honest	i see . i like most animals , i grew up on a farm .	dropping out of high school was a bad idea . the landlord just called .	my landlord is my dad . we do not really get along .	lucky , he can give you slack .	he makes me cry as bad as onions do . but i truly enjoy onions .	not running is what makes me cry like a baby	i like to run as well . i did about 3 miles today .	i just did 15 miles .	i wish i had time for 15 , but my job my job my job my job my job takes too much of my time .
rep-1819	i am always trying to reserve for other but how are you	just got off work mcdonalds is not cutting it i might go back to school	i am always trying to reserve for other but how are you	just got off work mcdonalds work mcdonalds work mcdonalds is not cutting it i might go back to school
rep-1820	whats up? hows it going	pretty good, just finished a long shift in labor and delivery . where do you work?	whats up? hows it going	pretty good, just finished a long shift in labor and delivery . where do you work?	so i am in school to be a hairdresser?	that sounds nice! do you have any children?	no but i have fish which i consider to be my kids .	that is nice! i i i i have a dog, only child i want to have haha
rep-1821	hi . do you have a favorite music group ? mine is heart .	sorry ! i am sort of shy .	hi . do you have a favorite music group ? mine is heart .	sorry ! i am sort of shy .	that is okay . heart really helped me through my divorce .	oh . i am sorry ! i had not heard of heart .	well , they remind me of my dad my dad . he was a firefighter .
rep-1822	hello ! what are you doing ?	i am working on my latest quilt , do you have hobbies ?	hello ! what are you doing ?	i am working on my latest quilt , do you have hobbies ?	yes ! i have exotic fish and just finished cleaning their aquarium .	wow that is a cool bet . do they have names ?	larry moe curly dory and nemo . not original . what kind of quilt are you making ?	lol that is hilarious . it is a patriotic quilt as a present for my dad	that is very sweet . did he serve ?	yes , he is a war vet . i am making it for veterans day	i am sure he will appreciate it . my eldest boy wants to join the air force .	that is something to be proud of . we should all be proud of our military	i agree . it is scary and i am worried , but i agree .	well best of luck to him . i know he must appreciate your support your support your support
rep-1823	hello there . where are you from ?	i am so excited i just got engaged !	hello there . where are you from ?	i am so excited i just got engaged !	congratulations ! how old are yoy ?	the united states . how about you ?	usa also . i live in pennsylvania	i am 30 years old . what is your favorite sport ?	i love football . what is your favorite sport .	i like soccer . i like watching it on tv .	do you like watching mls or prefer world cup ?	world cup if i had to choose . are you married ?	i am not . i am a single 25 year old .	what is your favorite food or restaurant ?	i enjoy all types of cuisine , except for asian . i love steak .	i am craving cake and pizza ! !	what do you like on your pizza your pizza your pizza your pizza your pizza ?
rep-1824	hey i am brianna hows it going	i am dan and its going good i just got back from hunting	hey i am brianna hows it going	i am dan and its going good i just got back from hunting	o what were you hunting	i am deer hunting . i work for a property management company	o i work for an animal shelter	for fun i working on fixing up old cars	o cool i have a band	cool what kind of music?	its a rock band named simple plan	cool i also work as a handyman	oh cool do you like it	its fun to work on different things yes	true i do do do do basic handyman like things at home
rep-1825	hello , how are you doing ?	so tired . just got off job 1 and off to job 2 soon . you ?	hello , how are you doing ?	so tired . just got off job 1 and off to job 2 soon . you ?	i am reading fashion magazines fashion magazines fashion magazines .
rep-1826	hey there like to workout?	not really . i enjoy video games and reading mostly . do you workout?	hey there like to workout?	not really . i enjoy video games and reading mostly . do you workout?	yes i do all the time	are you a bodybuilder? what do you do for a living living living living living?
rep-1827	hello how are you today ?	oh ok . had better days	hello how are you today ?	oh ok . had better days	oh no tell me whats wrong	i cant stand my job . well actually the people there .	i drive a forklift in a plant with a bunch of kids so i know	that sounds pretty cool . i clean kennels at the animal shelter .	that is cool do you lift weight ? i love to work out	no they are too heavy . i run with my cat to stay fit .	i go every weekend then i barbeque	animals i love , people i cannot stand . except one .	i love all animals . i also like to watch scary movies with my cats my cats my cats
rep-1828	hey how are you?	i just got home from a nice nature hike . do you like the outdoors?	hey how are you?	i just got home from a nice nature hike . do you like the outdoors?	yes i love the outdoors since i am usually stuck inside for work	hiking gives me inspiration for my drawing class . do you like art?	i like music my favorite is rush, music is like art right?	yes! what kind of work do you do indoors?	i sell space in data centers so i do not have any windows	i would put wierd stickers all over the walls! do you have any hobbies?	i like to go to different music music music music music music concerts, what about you?
rep-1829	hello . how are you doing today?	i am good, just got home .	hello . how are you doing today?	i am good, just got home .	what kind of work do you do?	i am a model for a magazine .	small world . i am a model as well .	oh, where where where where do you live?
rep-1830	hello, how are you doing?	you mean good and i m planning for my next travel	hello, how are you doing?	you mean good and i m planning for my next travel	that is cool . i like to read when i have spare time .	so six country is the total of them	i have always wanted my family to be big . i am a mother of several kids .	the family the happier just like my garden is this you	i cook meals at home every day . do you with the stuff you get from your garden?	yes that s why i love i love the passion of teaching biology in college	i see . my husband owns his own business .	kind of business does your husband have i like walking	he has a web development company .	oh that is so cool	thank you . he really really really really really really enjoys it.
rep-1831	hello , how are you this evening ?	hi , animal lover here , two hound dogs and a trio of cats .	hello , how are you this evening ?	hi , animal lover here , two hound dogs and a trio of cats .	oh wow . you have a lot of animals . ever eat polar bear ?	never ! do you like music ? i love barry manila , he is my favorite .	i do not . i explore the artic and love podcasts .	i am studying to be a teacher , following in my parents footsteps . and you ?	i study the ice shelves and things like that .	mountains are near where i like so i hike every weekend . bears are a problem .	i mainly stay in base camp in the arctic circle .	i bet you can learn a lot studying ice , must be cold though .	it is . some people freeze to death .	yikes , too cold for me . i will stay home with my pets !	i do not have any pets .	you are missing out my friend my friend my friend , they bring a lot of joy to life .
rep-1832	hi ! what is your favorite movie your favorite movie your favorite movie your favorite movie your favorite movie ? mine is dark knight
rep-1833	hello i am ray i am 20 years old	that is ironic, my dad is named ray . he lives with my mom in australia	hello i am ray i am 20 years old	that is ironic, my dad is named ray . he lives with my mom in australia	i just entered the army 6 months ago, i deployed to south korea	do they serve eggplant parmigiana in south korea? that is my favorite food	no they do not serve that here, but they do in puerto rico, was born there	i bought my dog charlie from someone in puerto rico	i joined the army because i like to be be a violent person
rep-1834	hello, are you familiar with any good barbeque restaurants in your area?	hi! yes, there are several . do you like bacon?	hello, are you familiar with any good barbeque restaurants in your area?	hi! yes, there are several . do you like bacon?	i do especially with barbeque sauce .	i like it covered in chocolate .	i have never tried that, it sounds good tho . do you prefer milk or dark?	either, lol . it is all good .	what do you do for work?	i am a civil engineer, you?	i work as an admin assistant . i have done that for years, hope to retire soon .	i used to do that before i earned my degree .	nice, where did you go to school? i never finished college .	i went to akron u, in ohio .	i went to a concert by that campus once, very pretty there .	it truly is . akron is a great little city .	we went to a beatles concert, it was so much fun .	i prefer the rolling stones stones stones, they have been around forever.
rep-1835	good morning, have have have have you went for a walk yet? simon and i have.
rep-1836	hi! do you have any hobbies? i like to sew and make quilts	hi, i like to study plants and organisms .	hi! do you have any hobbies? i like to sew and make quilts	hi, i like to study plants and organisms .	interesting . since i retired i try not to study anything . i just walk	oh i like walking too!	i try to do a walk a day . how much do you walk?	i take walks in my garden a few times a week .	that sounds nice . my cat likes to hang out in my garden garden garden . she is a siamese
rep-1837	hello , how are you ? hold old are you ? i am 34 .	oh hey , i am a 5 foot , 35 year old woman who has a dog , pedro .	hello , how are you ? hold old are you ? i am 34 .	oh hey , i am a 5 foot , 35 year old woman who has a dog , pedro .	awesome . what do you do for a living ? i work as an environmentalist .	i work in healthcare . it is boring .	i am sorry . where did you go to school ? i attended the university of mississippi .	in new york . it is in a great town with film festivals .	awesome ! do you have any kids ? i have two . they are in kindergarten .	i have a two year old daughter . . she inherited my love of muffins .	that is adorable . i have worked in real estate for 12 years . i see lots of kids !	i tried getting a real estate licence but it seemed too tedious .	it can be . it is worth it once you are done though .	i believe it . it seemed like something i would like .	i would recommend it . it can be very rewarding if you put in the hard work .	maybe i will revisit the idea in the future the future the future !
rep-1838	hi how are you doing i am okay .	i am doing very good! i hope you had a very nice, relaxing sunday .	hi how are you doing i am okay .	i am doing very good! i hope you had a very nice, relaxing sunday .	yes it was okay thank you so much i like walking . do you?	i do, especially in in the woods when i am out hunting . do you hunt?
rep-1839	i am always trying to reserve for other but how are you	just got off work mcdonalds is not cutting it i might go back to school	i am always trying to reserve for other but how are you	just got off work mcdonalds is not cutting it i might go back to school	i mean to say that introvert is my personality my cats serve them love me	i cant stop thinking of my real parents they aban	your parents that do they live in a faraway island just like me	i do not know since they abandoned me	hey i m actually into writing specially romance novel	nice maybe il study writing il study writing il study writing il study writing il study writing il study writing does it pay any good ?
rep-1840	hello how are you today	i am doing well , and you ?	hello how are you today	i am doing well , and you ?	i am doing great ! its my favorite time of the year	mine as well , i plan to walk my two dogs later today	what kind of dogs do you have ? the only pet i have is a turtle	i have a german shepards , what is your turtles name ?	his name is tim . german shepards are the cutest dogs	yes they are . what do you do for a living a living ?
rep-1841	hi there how are you	hello , i am great . just came back from running . how are you ?	hi there how are you	hello , i am great . just came back from running . how are you ?	i am good . just reading some of my fantasy books .	that sounds nice . i work at taco bell , are you employed ?	i am a tarot card reader . and medium .	sweet ! i throw down the cards in cleveland , where are you ?	chicago . not the best spot not the best spot not the best spot not the best spot not the best spot for readers .
rep-1842	hey, do you want to marry me? i go to college .	sorry, i am in college myself and want to finish my education first .	hey, do you want to marry me? i go to college .	sorry, i am in college myself and want to finish my education first .	oh, i guess that is fine . where are you from?	i am in ohio, i play lacrosse for ohio state .	what are you studying? i am trying to go for marine biology	music theory . i love tupac, so i want to incorporate it into therapy sessions .	he was hot . rip . that is really cool	i loved him, and cried when he passed .	i was was was was was was too young to really understand.
rep-1843	hi how are you today	hi . i am good . i am from new york city . where do you live ?	hi how are you today	hi . i am good . i am from new york city . where do you live ?	i live with my parents . do you work ?	yeah . modeling . keeps me single . i travel too much . how about you ?	i am a nurse which also keeps me single too	that is an important job . stressful though . what do you do in your spare time ?	i ride my bike around mostly	healthy hobby . i practice acting , hoping to some day get my big break .	sounds like fun do you have siblings ?	no , i am a bit of a loaner . do you have siblings ?	i do not but i have 3 adult kids	its great to have family . i want to find love , but no kids for me .	i do enjoy caring for people	yeah . i sing for people sometimes .	very nice that sounds angelic	i hope so . growing up i watched lots of shirley temple movies shirley temple movies shirley temple movies shirley temple movies shirley temple movies shirley temple movies .
rep-1844	i just got back from a bike ride with my grandchildren .	that sounds lovely ! have you ever taken them to the zoo ? i love zoos !	i just got back from a bike ride with my grandchildren .	that sounds lovely ! have you ever taken them to the zoo ? i love zoos !	zoos are awesome ! i adopted my cat from the zoo	what kind of cat ? i do not have any pets .	you have to promise not to tell , having tigers is illegal	no need to worry , i am a nurse not a cop !	that is so cool . i am a nurses aide at the old folks home	how nice . sometimes i donate teddy bears to old folks homes i have a large collection	that is a nice thing to do . my grandchildren like teddy bears too	i have extras i can give them ! not the green ones that is my favorite color !	thank you ! i will have six happy grandkids six happy grandkids six happy grandkids six happy grandkids six happy grandkids six happy grandkids ! can fido have one too ?
rep-1845	hey , nice to meet you . what are you hobbies ?	hello , how are you today ? i fight for environmental rights .	hey , nice to meet you . what are you hobbies ?	hello , how are you today ? i fight for environmental rights environmental rights environmental rights environmental rights .
rep-1846	hello, how are you doing?	so tired . just got off job 1 and off to job 2 soon . you?	hello, how are you doing?	so tired . just got off job 1 and off to job 2 soon . you?	i am reading fashion magazines .	oh, do you like that kind of stuff? models, shoes, fashion?	yeah, i want to learn to make clothes .	like movie costumes and stuff like that?	just every day clothes like dresses or shirts .	you should try making costumes, like fantasy costumes	okay, i will think about it . have you done that before?	no, but i love the costumes in the lord of the rings .	yes, that sounds like a fun job if you can get get get get get it.
rep-1847	hey there w are you ?	pretty good . my three daughters and i just saw heart in concert .	hey there w are you ?	pretty good . my three daughters and i just saw heart in concert .	i despise cats , so devilish .	that is funny . mine just caught a mole today , it was yucky .	i can not stand my dad ugh	oh , my , you seem like you are having a bad day . need a hug ?	ugh , i love some good fried onions	i can not keep up with how fast you keep changing topics . need an onion ?	no i am having a awesome day !	oh , i thought you were taking your anger your anger your anger your anger out on cats and your dad .
rep-1848	hey guess what? i am a jewish boy and still enjoy jazz music .	cool! i am jewish too! i play pop music, i am the lead singer of bb2	hey guess what? i am a jewish boy and still enjoy jazz music .	cool! i am jewish too! i play pop music, i am the lead singer of bb2	nice, do you have a tv show you like my favorite one is the office .	never have time to watch tv, we are always on tour or throwing a party!	lucky, my jew parents will not let me eat sweets can you belive that	what? my dad is awesome, i dropped out of school to travel with him .	i do not even get to drive myself, mostly because i live in new york though .	love nyc! party all the time, my dad drove a semi, i helped .	sometimes people will laugh at me because i ride a unicycle . . .	my sister does too!! i have 31 do you have siblings?	no, i am the last in line of my family of royal jews	3 not not not not 31 . . that would be scary! sad
rep-1849	drink more water . tracy here . nice to meet you .	i drink water when i hike . my name is suzie .	drink more water . tracy here . nice to meet you .	i drink water when i hike . my name is suzie .	great ! hi sus . i love my three children my three children and my cat named grace . you ?
rep-1850	hello how are you ?	i am good but busy , you ?	hello how are you ?	i am good but busy , you ?	doing well just playing with my dog who is 180 pounds	what breed of dog is it ?	a akita named keiko we go for super long walks	sounds great , i love long walks , and being active in general .	what is your favorite thing to do while being active ?	just playing sports . any sport , really .	have a favorite sport ? what is your favorite food ?	as a 22 year old woman , i can eat whatever i want .	we should go out for italian that is my favorite food	as long as some of my friends my friends can come with . . .
rep-1851	hi, i work at fast food, what do you do for work?	i am a work at home father and it is good; especially since i became a dad .	hi, i work at fast food, what do you do for work?	i am a work at home father and it is good; especially since i became a dad .	good for you, i do not have a family, i am single and a worker	what kind of work do you do?	fast food, i did not graduate high school so i do not have a good job job
rep-1852	hello . how are you tonight ? long day of advertising .	advertising ? that sounds easy . i am a social worker dealing with at risk youth .	hello . how are you tonight ? long day of advertising .	advertising ? that sounds easy . i am a social worker dealing with at risk youth .	so you do something good . i travel abroad a lot and advertise the underground city night life .	that sounds cool . these kids these kids drive me nuts .
rep-1853	hello how are you doing ?	swimmingly . how are you ?	hello how are you doing ?	swimmingly . how are you ?	great thanks . i like to go hunting for polar bears	polar bears ? are those like , mythical creatures who cannot swim and live above ?	haha i hunt them to eat	oh no ! do you hunt mer people also ? ?	a few years ago i was a geology teacher hence i am fascinated by ice .	geology ? is that rocks or something ? i hide behind those sometimes .	my ex boyfriend taught me how to ice fish . you hide behind rocks ? that is nice	oh no . please tell me where he fishes so i can stay away ! !	do not be afraid . polar bears is good for eating	my sister got stuck in a fishing net a fishing net a fishing net a fishing net a fishing net once !
rep-1854	hello , how are you doing today ?	i am doing pretty good , how are you ?	hello , how are you doing today ?	i am doing pretty good , how are you ?	great , what is your favorite color ?	green . what do you do for fun ?	green is my favorite too ! i collect teddy bears teddy bears teddy bears teddy bears teddy bears teddy bears . you ?
rep-1855	i am always trying to reserve for other but how are you	just got off work mcdonalds is not cutting it i might go back to school	i am always trying to reserve for other but how are you	just got off work mcdonalds is not cutting it i might go back to school	i mean to say that introvert is my personality my cats serve them love me	i cant stop thinking of my real parents they aban	your parents that do they live in a faraway island just like me	i do not know since they abandoned me	hey i m actually into writing specially romance novel	nice maybe il study writing does it pay any good?	it s really good i suggested for you	what are your plans for the rest of the week?	i will just continue on writing	will you ever make your novel into a movie?	if it will be a hit and then i will	nice i wish i i i i read more i usually just watch the movie
rep-1856	hi how are you today	not bad just got done playing second life	hi how are you today	not bad just got done playing second life	very good do you have any cats ?	yes , i a also a furry	that is no good i am allergic	oh , i understand . i have some allergies too	do you wake up early ?	not really , i stay up late online	did you go to public school public school ?
rep-1857	hello , i have been busy singing karaoke ; what are you doing ?	i am good busy with 2 part time jobs	hello , i have been busy singing karaoke ; what are you doing ?	i am good busy with 2 part time jobs	well , i understand the need for money .	yeah i wanna write book someday	that sounds like a neat idea . i was in the army and consider telling my stories my stories my stories my stories my stories my stories .
rep-1858	hi . how are you ? sittin on the beach myself .	hello , i am ok just hanging out here . do you have pets ?	hi . how are you ? sittin on the beach myself .	hello , i am ok just hanging out here . do you have pets ?	no , no pets . but i loves horses , they are my favorite .	i work as a carpenter , stay at home mostly . kinda a loner	i like to build things . my pops sell cars but that is not for me .	i can not see my self as a salesman not good at socializing	i feel ya on that . i have social anxiety . hate going out .	i use to drink a lot and since i quit so did my friends	that is a good thing to quit . that is a biased opinion though .	i would agree that is it good . my friends were not true friends	nope . not if they bailed like that . that is garbage .	well that is human nature min . you are no fun no fun no fun people run .
rep-1859	hi! how are you? do you have any hobbies?	hi . yeah, i guess . i love going to the theater for movies .	hi! how are you? do you have any hobbies?	hi . yeah, i guess . i love going to the theater for movies .	that is cool! do you have a favorite movie?	yeah, i like love actually, i watch it with my husband .	cool! i like to watch tv with my cat .	i like tv too, but my husband is always complaining i need to exercise more	that is sad . i exercise every day . i walk 1 mile daily .	oh? i hate to exercise, i would rather stay home all day, frankly .	really? i like to exercise but sometimes i just stay home and sew .	huh, what sorts of things do you sew?	i like to sew quilts! i give them away as gifts to family members .	huh, maybe i should commission one to give to my husband for his birthday .	you should! do you and your husband like like like like like to do hobbies together?
rep-1860	hi there how are you today ?	i am super swell , got home from a good day at work	hi there how are you today ?	i am super swell , got home from a good day at work	oh what do you do for a living ?	i worl at my local petsmart , stocking heavy bags of food	so do you have any pets ?	yeah my dog lassie and my cat oliver	i do not have a pet but i do have a kid i think the world of	i am my dads world lol , he is a retired cop	that is cool . i am a kindergarten teacher	is your kid in your class ? that would be fun	no not yet she is a little to young	i love to go running , its my favorite passion . i wish i ran for a living a living
rep-1861	hi how are you today	great and how are you ?	hi how are you today	great and how are you ?	pretty good do you work ?	yes i fix hair , how about you	i work as a secretary	cool . i love christmas , what is your favorite holiday	christmas is probably mine too haha	awesome ! ! ! i love all the decorations	what is your favorite color ?	everything green , what is yours	green too ! what a small world haha	we could totally be friends lol	yeah what is your name huh ?	my name my name my name my name my name my name is jamie , yours ?
rep-1862	hello there how is your day going ?	hello to you , how was your day ?	hello there how is your day going ?	hello to you , how was your day ?	hi , my day is going good . what did you have for breakfast ?	cereal with milk , then school most of the day . and you ?	nice , that is good , i had 3 pancakes post gym workout . what do you outside of school ?	well , after dinner , my friends and i will play out of doors . how was gym ?	how old are you btw ? gym was full of old people in the morning .	you enough to daydream about living in the ocean with long , wavy hair and a flexible tail .	i am really confused about your response .	my error young not you is the first word . do you have day dreams ?	oh ok . i day dream all the time , mostly about the things i want to do .	like travel or be a super hero ?	like traveling on a motorcycle , sleeping in hotels and stuff like that . i wish .	ahh i see . motorcycles are fun but other drivers are dangerous and do not see you .	i will be sure to be safe .	i like riding up in the hills around the curves the curves the curves the curves . . .
rep-1863	hi there , how is it going ?	i am doing alright how are you ?	hi there , how is it going ?	i am doing alright how are you ?	i am good , just spending some time online .	i just finished eating dinner with my family .	oh , i live alone in my apartment my apartment .
rep-1864	hello how are you tonight?	i am engage to my high school sweetheart .	hello how are you tonight?	i am engage to my high school sweetheart .	i see a lot of high school sweet hearts being a teacher and all!	you probably seen my doug . he is a sport person on tv .	i doubt it . i usually read rather then watch tv . what are your hobbies?	i am a singer song writer? and you?	as i said, i am a teacher but i also love cooking!	i am not looking to make any new friends but what your specialty dish?	usually the inner lining of a baby ox marinated . are you into politics?	hmmm . that is special . would you like to talk politics teacher?	i mean i am a republican republican . where do you stand?
rep-1865	hey hows your day going sir	hehe, i am actually a miss . it is going well, what about yourself?	hey hows your day going sir	hehe, i am actually a miss . it is going well, what about yourself?	oops sorry miss haha . i am doing good . feeding my 3 3 3 3 3 3 dogs
rep-1866	hey guess what ? i am a jewish boy and still enjoy jazz music jazz music jazz music jazz music jazz music .
rep-1867	did you pull your tag on elk this year ? i have been spotting up by the wolf ridge .	i actually was not able to get an elk tag this season .	did you pull your tag on elk this year ? i have been spotting up by the wolf ridge .	i actually was not able to get an elk tag this season .	what are you going to do instead ?	i might go and see metallica with the money instead .	that is epic ! i have an opportunity if you are interested .	what kind of opportunity do you have ?	i have a company that rents property . we could use another handyman you game ?	i would be willing to help ! i also have management experience management experience management experience management experience management experience management experience from my job .
rep-1868	hey, nice to meet you . what are you hobbies?	hello, how are you today? i fight for environmental rights .	hey, nice to meet you . what are you hobbies?	hello, how are you today? i fight for environmental rights .	oh cool . i am well . i grew up on a horse ranch . still there .	that sounds neat . i actually work selling homes . so you ranch?	yes . i love taking care of my horses .	my kids would love to see your horses .	well you are welcome to visit .	thank you . are you you you you you considering college?
rep-1869	have you ever seen the sun rise in a small town ?	almost every day of my life , i was born , raised and still live in one .	have you ever seen the sun rise in a small town ?	almost every day of my life , i was born , raised and still live in one .	no kidding me too ! my only complaint is the local schools .	i hear ya ! mine was horrid , thankfully i am in college for web design and coding now .	that is fantastic maybe you could help give me some pointers i am homeschooling my kids .	that has to be a rough job . python for kids is awesome .	i will give it a shot ! what do you like to do ?	drink iced tea and fish . party , hang out with friends .	sounds like a great time my severe allergy my severe allergy my severe allergy to cats keeps me home crafting .
rep-1870	hey guess what? i am a jewish boy and still enjoy jazz music .	cool! i am jewish too! i play pop music, i am the lead singer of bb2	hey guess what? i am a jewish boy and still enjoy jazz music .	cool! i am jewish too! i play pop music, i am the lead singer of bb2	nice, do you have a tv show you like my favorite one is the office .	never have time to watch tv, we are always on tour or throwing throwing a party!
rep-1871	hi , i work at fast food , what do you do for work ?	i am a work at home father and it is good ; especially since i became a dad .	hi , i work at fast food , what do you do for work ?	i am a work at home father and it is good ; especially since i became a dad .	good for you , i do not have a family , i am single and a worker	what kind of work do you do ?	fast food , i did not graduate high school so i do not have a good job	any job is a good job . you should be proud .	i suppose but i live in a small apartment in a low income place	the good thing is online courses can help you advance if you like .	no i like living in a small apartment and working in fast food , it gets me by	ok , well i like my golden retriever my golden retriever named ginger and watching titanic again .
rep-1872	hi there how are you doing ?	i am doing ok how about you	hi there how are you doing ?	i am doing ok how about you	i am good just got home from work .	you been to the arctic region	no can not say that i have . tho i work out like crazy .	well are they cleaning is all been crazy and i plan to go there explore	that i think will be hard work . do you want kids ?	not married and i m teaching geology before but i switched to hunting	that is quite a change up . i am single and loving it . no babies for me	i go for polar bear for food	can not say i have tried that .	fish i ice them usually	i work in a hospital on nicu unit nicu unit nicu unit nicu unit
rep-1873	hello . do you like animals ?	i love all cute things ! babies are on the top of my list now	hello . do you like animals ?	i love all cute things ! babies are on the top of my list now	i love babies too ! right now i have 2 dogs . no cats . i hate them .	right ? ! i have actually been knitting hats for babies in hospitals for last few years	that is so cool ! i am only in middle school but i could do that .	i am a few years older , whats your favorite music ? mine is country !	i like rock and pop . i want to be an actor after high school .	that would be awesome , i want to be a chef since i love cooking	i love eating ! you can be my chef when i get rich and famous .	sounds like a plan ! it will be a vegan menu though !	on second thought . . . lol . can i tell you a secret ?	yes i would love to hear a secret !	i have not told my parents my parents my parents my parents my parents yet but i am trans .
rep-1874	hello, how are you today?	fine how are you on this cold day?	hello, how are you today today today today today?
rep-1875	hello i love living in new york	hello , do they have great italian restaurants like they do in italy there ?	hello i love living in new york new york new york new york
rep-1876	hello, how are you tonight? do you know where edris island is?	i do not . i work in an animal shelter tho . i am the cleaner there .	hello, how are you tonight? do you know where edris island is?	i do not . i work in an animal shelter tho . i am the cleaner there .	that is okay, i have a dog, ralph .	i love dogs . i like them better than humans at times .	same here . my parents passed and it is only my sister and i .	you like music? simple plan is my fav . band .	my favorite is oomph . have you heard of them?	no i have not . what genre are they?	metal, they are german . do not let the name fool you, they are good .	very cool . metal is cool .	it is . what else do you do?	i watch a lot of tv .	i do too, do you like hawaii hawaii hawaii hawaii hawaii hawaii 5 0?
rep-1877	how is your day going so far?	good, just gardening in my large garden!	how is your day going so far?	good, just gardening in my large garden!	that sounds fun! i am tending to my meat rabbits	meat rabbits? do you like traveling? i i i love it
rep-1878	hello! can you believe that i am going to college next year?	that is awesome! where are you planning to go?	hello! can you believe that i am going to college next year?	that is awesome! where are you planning to go?	auburn . i thought i would study fashion but but but i think will become a doctor.
rep-1879	hi! i am watching morning news with my beloved husband . you?	i am getting ready for work . i am a nurse .	hi! i am watching morning news with my beloved husband . you?	i am getting ready for work . i am a nurse .	what a great profession . you would probably tell me to work out more!	ha ha . i try not to preach . do you collect anything? i collect bears .	i collect my favorite movies . bears are cute!	yes yes yes yes yes . i go to the zoo all the time to watch the bears.
rep-1880	hello there . where are you from ?	i am from canada . how about you ?	hello there . where are you from ?	i am from canada . how about you ?	interesting . i am from pennsylvania in the us .	wow , how is it there ?	it is okay . nothing special !	do you get into politics ?	sometime . i try to be well rounded in discussion .	i love to listen to debates .	which presidential candidate from the past did you enjoy listening to most ?	i like listening to hilary clinton	yes , her debates last year were very interesting .	do you like computers or anything like that ?	i do . i am somewhat interested .	what do you like about them ?	i am fascinated their ability to do so many things more efficiently than a human can a human can a human can .
rep-1881	have you ever seen the sun rise in a small town?	almost every day of my life, i was born, raised and still live in one .	have you ever seen the sun rise in a small town?	almost every day of of of my life, i was born, raised and still live in one.
rep-1882	hello, how are you today?	hello i am doing well . hanging out with my dog pedro	hello, how are you today?	hello i am doing well . hanging out with my dog pedro	what kind of dog is he?	he is a yorkie . perfect size for me since i am only five feet tall .	how old is your dog?	he is five . he likes to eat muffins like me .	do you take him to the dog park?	yes, there is one at my job at the healthcare industry .	do you like your job? i am in real estate .	yes . i also like film do you?	i like movies about history .	so do i . i also like documentaries, do you?	yes, i like most of them . as long as it is something i am interested in .	same here . anything else you want to to to share with me?
rep-1883	hello ! how are you today ?	i am okay . missing home today . i am part of the army . currently in south korea	hello ! how are you today ?	i am okay . missing home today . i am part of the army . currently in south korea	oh it is hard to be so far from home .	yes , for only 21 , its hard to be away long	how long have you been in the military ?	a year now . so where are you from ?	i am from tampa , but i live in seattle now .	i see . i am from puerto rico	that sounds great . it seems like a great tropical place .	it is . you should visit there some time	i would love to . are you enjoying south korea south korea south korea south korea south korea ?
rep-1884	good evening . how are you ?	having a quiet evening at home with my cats . how are you ?	good evening . how are you ?	having a quiet evening at home with my cats . how are you ?	doing the same . listening to some country music .	i love country music ! the stories always give me ideas for writing .	i knit hats for infants at the hospital so i play country music a lot .	sounds like a very cozy life . do you like restaurants ?	i do . i am vegan so its hard to order . i love cooking at home tho .	there are no vegan restaurants on the island where i live .	where do you live at ?	a small island almost no one has heard of	i lived on harkers island in north carolina when i was younger .	there are some great romance novels set in nc .	so i have heard . i have never read any tho .	i prefer to write rather than read .	that is very cool that you write .	it is a passion a passion a passion a passion a passion a passion of mine and what i always wanted out of life .
rep-1885	hi here i am in sunny california . where do you live?	i live in florida but my family is from toronto	hi here i am in sunny california . where do you live?	i live in florida but my family is from toronto	oh i see . moving to the east coast next year to the big apple .	cool . how old are you?	now i am 23 and acting is my profession . also do do a little runway modeling.
rep-1886	hello there how is your day going ?	hello to you , how was your day ?	hello there how is your day going ?	hello to you , how was your day ?	hi , my day is going good . what did you have for breakfast ?	cereal with milk , then school most of the day the day . and you ?
rep-1887	hey, do you have any pets	yes i have a hunting dog .	hey, do you have any pets	yes i have a hunting dog .	i have a lot of pets .	oh nice what do you you you do?
rep-1888	hi i work as a arctic explorer i used to be a geology teacher	hi i am retired i use to be a banker	hi i work as a arctic explorer i used to be a geology teacher	hi i am retired i use to be a banker	cool its fun to ice fish have you ever done that?	no where i live it never gets cold enough for it	bummer for sure i love to find lost arctic things	yeah out here i think its snowed like twice	where do you live now?	i live in louisiana	cool i have never been there	its extremely hot out here	i bet it is . do you like the saints?	not really, i do not like sports	do you like to watch movies?	yes just about all genres	cool have you seen it?	yes! i loved it what about about you
rep-1889	hello, my name is jonas, how are you doing today?	bad, i am broke and my low income apartment has has has has has rent due tomorrow
rep-1890	hello how are you?	i am fine shopping for clothes wyd?	hello how are you?	i am fine shopping for clothes wyd?	what kind of clothes? i am just playing with ginger ginger ginger my golden retriever
rep-1891	hey there how are you?	hello, i am doing great today what about you?	hey there how are you?	hello, i am doing great today what about you?	i am well just tired, all the little ones in my class are busy	i am thinking about riding my bike tomorrow after work .	really? cool have any pets? i do .	i volunteered today at the homeless shelter . i like helping others .	that is sweet sweet sweet sweet of you, i just got out of college 2 years ago
rep-1892	how are you doing today	i am great! i am sarah! how are you today?	how are you doing today	i am great! i am sarah! how are you today?	i am great listening to john denver	that sounds like fun . i am researching for my next trip .	where are you going to	going back to asia, just cannot decide the destination . any hobbies hobbies? i love travel.
rep-1893	how are you doing today?	hey i am fine how about yourself	how are you doing today?	hey i am fine how about yourself	i am exhausted! my neck and my back hurt really bad .	i know that feeling oh too well	how old are you? i am 75 years old	i am 20 years old	what do you do for work?	i i i i am a student actually
rep-1894	hi how are you today	i am fine thank you, how about u?	hi how are you today	i am fine thank you, how about u?	good where do you work	i am from new york, you?	i live in ohio that is cool	my work is science fiction author, you?	i just recently graduated i am looking	my father and mother passed away last year	i am sorry to hear that friend	i done my engineering graduate from mit	wow that is a very nice place	i afraid of snakes, you	i also fear kevin durant too	i am unmarried, you are a married person person person person person?
rep-1895	hello friend . how are you ?	doing well . how are you ?	hello friend . how are you ?	doing well . how are you ?	feeling very inspired today actually . where are you from ?	what is inspiring you ? i am from illinois . you ?	i am an aspiring writer from the north west . do you like to read ?	i do ! but i would rather hang out with my robot best friend	your friend is a robot ? what is his name ?	yeah , i am homeschooled so i made my own friend . his name is sparky	this sounds like a great fantasy novel come to life !	what can i say ? i am amazing lol	its almost as cool as lord of the rings . have you seen those movies those movies those movies ?
rep-1896	hi , i have a cat , dog , bird and fish . no children . no soda just water .	you have a lot of pets	hi , i have a cat , dog , bird and fish . no children no children no children no children no children . no soda just water .
rep-1897	hello, my name is jonas, how are you doing today?	bad, i am broke and my low income apartment has rent due tomorrow	hello, my name is jonas, how are you doing today?	bad, i am broke and my low income apartment has rent due tomorrow	i know that feeling . i have been been been been been stuck at the same low paying job for years.
rep-1898	hi how are you today	hi! i am feeling great after a 40 minutes workout .	hi how are you today	hi! i am feeling great after a 40 minutes workout .	what did you eat after it?	some fresh fruit, a very light snack .	nice do you read books?	some, mostly about bodybuilding . do you read?	i love cheesy ghost romances	do they scare you? is that what you like about them?	i think they just get me excited	do you believe ghosts really exist?	maybe the hopes of them existing	i have never seen one myself .	me either but maybe they just hide well	is there anything unusual about about about you?
rep-1899	hello , how are you tonight ? do you know where edris island edris island edris island is ?
rep-1900	i just ate a mango and now i need to go to the hospital .	are you allergic? dogs give me bad allergies .	i just ate a mango and now i need to go to the hospital .	are you allergic? dogs give me bad allergies .	yes, but i am a bit dramatic . sometimes i use an english accent for fun .	my mother use to have an english accent she left when i was 5	i have a sad story, i lost 3 spouses . still married to the fourth, though .	i am in the army . i joined right after high school .	i cut hair of dogs in a creative way .	i like to go to the karaoke bars	i like artifacts from the civil war . any hobbies for you?	i like to draw and create art	how creative . my current wife is an artist .	it really relaxes me and i love to see it come to life!	i admire that . good for for for for for you.
rep-1901	hello , how are you today ?	hi . not so hot . i got poison ivy hiking last weekend . how are you ?	hello , how are you today ?	hi . not so hot . i got poison ivy hiking last weekend . how are you ?	oh no ! i am tired , but doing okay	yeah . i should have stuck to writing nature poems like usual .	sounds like it ! are you a writer ?	more of a reader , but i write a bit . what is your profession ?	i am a retired veteran , so i am more focused on hobbies now	i have lots of hobbies like collecting weird stickers . what are yours ?	i like to ride my custom wheelchair on hiking trails	nature is so beautiful . do you know how to draw ? i would like to learn .	i can draw a bit , but nothing special . do you like nature ?	yep . but i have learned my lesson my lesson my lesson my lesson my lesson my lesson . next week i will try cooking instead .
rep-1902	hi there . how are you doing	i am well thank you and yourself?	hi there . how are you doing	i am well thank you and yourself?	not too bad . just got back from horseback riding	horses i love them . i also like rabbits country music you?	no country music for me . i am more of an introvert, how about you	i have turned body building into a career .	that would be awesome . kudos to you	thanks . one thing that does not involve seeing color	are you colorblind like i am?	i am very much so my sister likes to pick on me	mean mean mean mean mean mean . i got made fun of too
rep-1903	i am getting hungry, how about you?	i just ate with my two boys . i am a single mom .	i am getting hungry, how about you?	i just ate with my two boys . i am a single mom .	tell me it was vegan food please, that is all i eat .	nope, i am a meat eater . do you drive? my car is a honda civic .	i drive a truck so i can play my country music everywhere i go .	that that that that that that is awesome! i am an accountant . do you like to hike? i love it.
rep-1904	hello, how are you tonight? do you know where edris island is?	i do not . i work in an animal shelter tho . i am the cleaner there .	hello, how are you tonight? do you know where edris island is?	i do not . i work in an animal shelter tho . i am the cleaner there .	that is okay, i have a dog, ralph .	i love dogs . i like them better than humans at times .	same here . my parents passed and it is only my sister and i .	you like music? simple plan is my fav . band .	my favorite is oomph . have you heard of them?	no i have not . what genre are they?	metal, they are german . do not let the name fool you, they are good .	very very very very very cool . metal is cool.
rep-1905	hello ! what are you doing ?	i am working on my latest quilt , do you have hobbies ?	hello ! what are you doing ?	i am working on my latest quilt , do you have hobbies ?	yes ! i have exotic fish and just finished cleaning their aquarium .	wow that is a cool bet . do they have names ?	larry moe curly dory and nemo . not original . what kind of quilt are you making ?	lol that is hilarious . it is a patriotic quilt as a present for my dad	that is very sweet . did he serve ?	yes , he is a war vet . i am making it for veterans day	i am sure he will appreciate it . my eldest boy wants to join the air force .	that is something to be proud of . we should all be proud of our military	i agree . it is scary and i am worried , but i agree .	well best of luck to him . i know he must appreciate your support	what branch did your father serve in ?	army . he is from scotland and serving in the army meant a lot to him	well , good luck with the quilt .	thank you . good luck good luck to your son
rep-1906	good evening . how are you ?	having a quiet evening at home with my cats . how are you ?	good evening . how are you ?	having a quiet evening at home with my cats . how are you ?	doing the same . listening to some country music .	i love country music ! the stories always give me ideas for writing .	i knit hats for infants at the hospital so i play country music a lot .	sounds like a very cozy life . do you like restaurants ?	i do . i am vegan so its hard to order . i love cooking at home tho .	there are no vegan restaurants on the island where i live .	where do you live at ?	a small island a small island a small island almost no one has heard of
rep-1907	hi! what do you like to do? i like reading and video games	hello . i do not really play video games, but i am a big movie fan .	hi! what do you like to do? i like reading and video games	hello . i do not really play video games, but i am a big movie fan .	i like to read drama books that are sometimes made into movies	that is interesting . my favorite movie is napoleon dynamite . i even named my dog pedro .	haha funny . i love dogs since i am a veterinarian .	oh wow! i wanted to be a vet when i was a kid . i work in healthcare .	cool! i live in florida so lots of doctors here	very nice, i love florida . what are your hobbies? i enjoy baking, my favorite are muffins .	i travel back to my home state of california and read	so you have family in california?	yes i do . they always tell me jordan, move back home	i am sure they miss you . how long have you lived in florida?	since i moved here for vet school . where do you live?	i am from detroit . it is a tough place for a five foot tall woman .	i am sure you are tough tough tough!
rep-1908	did you pull your tag on elk this year ? i have been spotting up by the wolf ridge .	i actually was not able to get an elk tag this season .	did you pull your tag on elk this year ? i have been spotting up by the wolf ridge the wolf ridge the wolf ridge the wolf ridge the wolf ridge the wolf ridge .
rep-1909	good morning good morning . how are you ?
rep-1910	hello , how are you doing ?	i am great , just sitting at work . how are you	hello , how are you doing ?	i am great , just sitting at work . how are you	fine , where do you work ?	i am a real estate agent , how about you	i work with troubled teens .	goodness that must be challenging . my children are still in kindergarten	it is not too bad . do they like school ?	yes they do so far . so how do you feel about the environment	i am not worried about the invisible parts . but people should not litter .	no we must strive to do everything we can to save the planet	what kind what kind what kind what kind what kind what kind of polluting are you most concerned about ?
rep-1911	hello how are you today	not too bad , eating a ribeye at the moment	hello how are you today	not too bad , eating a ribeye at the moment	sounds good , i love steak	i love it almost as much as the sound system i have in my truck	yeah its great i go to the gym 3 times a week	i prefer hiking and camping , cardio at the gym is so boring	i have a lot a lot of free time being single and living alone
rep-1912	hi! what is your name?	amanda . what do they call you?	hi! what is your name?	amanda . what do they call you?	hi amanda . i am lucy . what are you up to?	enjoying a much needed night off with my pup . you?	sounds fun . i am getting things ready for work tomorrow .	cool beans . where are you working?	i work as a secretary . how about you?	er nurse, and still not good enough for my dad lol .	oh man, that stinks . are you into any sports at all?	not really . no time with my schedule . you?	soccer . played in school and like to stay fit . job pretty stressful?	oh yeah . soccer is pretty fun though . do you play in a club?	not a formal club . more like rec center . what do you do for stress relief?	me me me me me and the pup like to go walk on trails.
rep-1913	hi how are you today	i am fine thank you , how about u ?	hi how are you today	i am fine thank you , how about u ?	good where do you work	i am from new york , you ?	i live in ohio that is cool	my work my work my work my work my work is science fiction author , you ?
rep-1914	good morning , have you went for a walk a walk yet ? simon and i have .
rep-1915	hi here i am in sunny california . where do you live?	i live in florida but my family is from toronto	hi here i am in sunny california . where do you live?	i live live live live live live in florida but my family is from toronto
rep-1916	how are you tonight ? are you interested in fitness ?	i am great , how are you ? i like to workout .	how are you tonight ? are you interested in fitness ?	i am great , how are you ? i like to workout .	i am doing well . i put on a lot of weight , so now i work out regularly .	while i am still young i am building up my muscle .	fortunately , i have a house on the beach , so i get to swim daily .	my down fall is that i love tea .	well , tea is more healthy than a lot of things . what do you do for work ?	i do web design web design web design and what do you do ?
rep-1917	hey what are your interests your interests your interests your interests your interests your interests ?
rep-1918	hello . how are you doing today ?	i am good , just got home .	hello . how are you doing today ?	i am good , just got home .	what kind of work do you do ?	i am a model for a magazine .	small world small world . i am a model as well .
rep-1919	hi! do you enjoy walking? i am going out for a walk in my garden	i do enjoy walking! i love to put my headphones on and walk around .	hi! do you enjoy walking? i am going out for a walk in my garden	i do enjoy walking! i love to put my headphones on and walk around .	my college students always have headphones in . drives me nuts!	music is my bread and butter butter butter butter, i like surrounding myself with music . what do you teach?
rep-1920	good afternoon , how are you ?	hi , i enjoy watching sports on sunday .	good afternoon , how are you ?	hi , i enjoy watching sports on sunday .	me too . being colorblind it is hard for me to differentiate the teams sometime .	i see , i like watching football , how about you ?	i do . we watched a lot when i joined the army the army the army the army . i joined after high school .
rep-1921	hello, how are you this evening?	its a great night here in the mountains, you?	hello, how are you this evening?	its a great night here in the mountains, you?	its chilly here in ohio .	i do not mind chilly . i do not like snow though	i do not like to be cold, though snow is beautiful .	the snow makes it hard to walk the dogs, do you have pets?	i do not . my dog passed a few years ago .	that is always hard . i love pets . besides my 2 dogs there are 3 cats	i am going to school next year, for marine biology .	that sounds great . my parents both taught science	science and biology are my strongest subjects .	my parents would love you . i think i might try for a teaching degree	that is so awesome . my parents are disappointed .	i bet that that is not true . who would not want their child to be scientist
rep-1922	hello? i have not had a lot of interaction lately .	hi there! do you live alone?	hello? i have not had a lot of interaction lately .	hi there! do you live alone?	i do, pretty faraway . on an island . alone .	it is hard to enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy enjoy when there is no one to share it with.
rep-1923	good evening! how are you	i am good i am eating pizza which is the best food	good evening! how are you	i am good i am eating pizza which is the best food	that sounds yummy . i am getting ready for bed	i am also i have a big family 6 sisters and one brother	i do not have any family . just my new cat	i work for my moms restaurant part time what do you do?	i make clothing, i make all my own clothes and also sell some	cool i wish i could do that . i stutter when i get excited with things	you should try singing . i sing folk music .	good idea . i like like like like like to read romances about paranormal things
rep-1924	hello how are you ?	good . just got done volunteering for the animal shelter . you ?	hello how are you ?	good . just got done volunteering for the animal shelter . you ?	i am currently watching the news the news the news the news i watch it every night
rep-1925	hi there how are you doing?	i am good thanks . just got my nails done . you?	hi there how are you doing?	i am good thanks . just got my nails done . you?	i am pretty well getting ready for martial arts class	fun . what else do you like to do?	playing softball . and mentoring teens mostly	do you like the beach?	i do enjoy the sounds of of waves yes
rep-1926	hello hope you are enjoying your autumn so far	hello how are you ? i currently go to college what about you ?	hello hope you are enjoying your autumn so far	hello how are you ? i currently go to college what about you ?	i went to college long ago in bora bora	that is so cool . are you single ? my girl resides with me .	i am single but live my girl and pet turtle	that is awesome . any other pets ? my pups name is max .	i have a dog and we play frisbee together	how nice . what did you go to school for ? i am going for law .	i studied history and political science . law is very interesting .	wow are you democratic ? tell me about bora bora i love sightseeing and trying fun things fun things fun things .
rep-1927	hey! do you like music? i like metallica .	i like country music mostly	hey! do you like music? i like metallica .	i like country music mostly	oh i see . tell me more about yourself .	i like the color green and teddy bears . work for red cross	nice . i was raised in wisconsin and have two male siblings .	are you the baby of the family	no i am the oldest actually .	i bet bet bet that was fun growing up
rep-1928	i am male , divorce , 6 grandchildren , ex named doug .	nice to meet you doug . i am lucy	i am male , divorce , 6 grandchildren , ex named doug .	nice to meet you doug . i am lucy	hi , i have schwinn bike and work in old folks old folks old folks old folks home . you ?
rep-1929	how are you doing today?	i m good i just spent time with my family	how are you doing today?	i m good i just spent time with my family	well, i was listening taylor swift!	is that what you need your free time listen to music i read for my	yeah, i also ride horses	i do you bake cookies homemade for my kids	how many kids do you you you you you have
rep-1930	good morning how are you	tired after driving my truck for delivery . on the road for 19 hours .	good morning how are you	tired after driving my truck for delivery . on the road for 19 hours .	you know what would make your day feel shorter? some good oldies music	i like music but love mystery books more . have any children?	i have no children, that is why i am able to retire so soon	we are a a a a a a family of 9 . husband, me and the children.
rep-1931	hello i am ray i am 20 years old	that is ironic , my dad is named ray . he lives with my mom in australia	hello i am ray i am 20 years old	that is ironic , my dad is named ray . he lives with my mom in australia	i just entered the army 6 months ago , i deployed to south korea south korea south korea south korea south korea south korea
rep-1932	hello , how is your night going ?	going well , what do you do for a living ?	hello , how is your night going ?	going well , what do you do for a living ?	i am very young , but hope to be a professional dancer someday .	that is cool . what kind of dance ?	modern dance and ballet are my favorite . do you dance too ?	no , i am really into nutrition and fitness though .	oh nice . my father used to be very into fitness as well . do you play sports ?	not these days , i am mostly too busy with my dieting business to play many sports .	is the shop on edris island ? maybe i could stop in one day .	i am not sure where that is .	its where my sister , ralph and i live .	is ralph a pet of yours ?	yes , he is my dog . how did you know ?	crazy guess , what kind of dog is he ?	he is a mutt from the pound . mixed dogs are the best , kind of like people .	yeah i like reading like reading like reading like reading like reading like reading plays about complex people like that .
rep-1933	hey there how are you now ?	hello how are you today	hey there how are you now ?	hello how are you today	i am proud to be a usa citizen a usa citizen
rep-1934	hi how are you doing?	i am well an you? like dogs .	hi how are you doing?	i am well an you? like dogs .	yes i have 2 german shepards	names? i have 3 dogs	i have a boy and a girl diesel and nala	awe how old are they?	26 where did you go to school i attended university of mississippi	i went here in ohio like pizza?	yes i do i usually order it every friday i am a real estate agent	what is your favorite holiday?	earth day since that what i do environmentalist	my fav is christmas i love that day	for the presents? or family	both i just love it, need your hair done?	i need a trim is that what you do?	yes yes yes i can do all that when you need me?
rep-1935	hello! i am getting my girls ready for school . you?	hi! i am getting my family ready . takes a while since there is four of us .	hello! i am getting my girls ready for school . you?	hi! i am getting my family ready . takes a while since there is four of us .	there are 4 of us too . me and my 3 girls . their dad is my ex	i also attend school . what are you going to school for?	i am a teacher just like my mother was	awesome! music is what i am studying since i like it so much .	i enjoy music too . heart is my favorite band	i saw them in concert . could not see much since i am only five feet .	haha my firefighter dad would have been able to hold you on his shoulders	did you you you come from a big family? it is just me, parents and a sibling.
rep-1936	hello how are you doing?	swimmingly . how are you?	hello how are you doing?	swimmingly . how are you?	great thanks . i like to go hunting for polar bears	polar bears? are those like, mythical creatures who cannot swim and live above?	haha i hunt them to eat	oh no! do you hunt mer people also??	a few years ago i was a geology teacher hence i am fascinated by ice .	geology? is that rocks or something? i hide behind those sometimes .	my ex boyfriend taught me how to ice fish . you hide behind rocks? that is nice	oh no . please tell me where he fishes so i can stay away!!	do not be afraid . polar bears is good for eating	my sister got stuck in a fishing net once!	my desire is to search and find arctic explorers	a human explorer? we brought brought brought one home once . he died though.
rep-1937	hello, my name is jonas, how are you doing today?	bad, i am broke and my low income apartment has rent due tomorrow	hello, my name is jonas, how are you doing today?	bad, i am broke and my low income apartment has rent due tomorrow	i know that feeling . i have been stuck at the same low paying job for years .	same here, fast food does not pay like how i thought it did at 16	at 16, i had a job taking care of cats, but now i really hate them .	i hate all animals to be honest	i see . i like most animals, i grew up on a farm .	dropping out of high school was was was was was was a bad idea . the landlord just called.
rep-1938	hello and how are you doing this evening?	i tired just got home from the war museum	hello and how are you doing this evening?	i tired just got home from the war museum	have you ever heard of being a furry? that is who i am	oh wow! how was your day furry	lol good do you play on second life? i do	no just the living even though my wife keeps dying	i am online online online online quite a bit
rep-1939	i just ran around when it s about paranormal	whoa ! that is freaky ! how is that done ?	i just ran around when it s about paranormal	whoa ! that is freaky ! how is that done ?	oh it s because of those novels paranormal mall i ve read	you like books huh ? i actually sell paranormal books ?	yeah i might probably visit but i work very busy at my moms restaurant part time	sweet . maybe you can trade food for books . do you cater to omnivores ?	this makes me excited and i m a musically stuttering only pizza	you sound very interesting ! do you need a graphic designer ? its my hobby .	i just need pizza on my favorites	you must like pizza as much as i like rush . you know ? the band ?	i have never heard of those band	awww man ! get some pizza , play some rush ! ! we should hang out sometime .	for sure i think that s a perfect setting	what music what music what music do you like ?
rep-1940	hi! how are you? what are you doing right now?	hey, i am great . other than recovering from surgery . how are you?	hi! how are you? what are you doing right now?	hey, i am great . other than recovering from surgery . how are you?	oh no! what happened? i am taking a break from driving .	i tore up my knee playing frisbee with my 2 dogs . where are you driving to?	i am driving a load to chicago . sorry about your knee . how is your recovery?	its going well so far . an excuse to lay around . you drive truck?	yes, i do . do you work for a living?	i am currently looking . i did not finish high school so its not easy finding something worth it .	do you have children to support? i must work to support my 7 children .	wow that is a lot . i do not have any kids . how old are yours?	they range from 2 to 16 . they and my job keep keep keep keep keep keep my busy.
rep-1941	hello how are you doing	hello i am doing okay how are you	hello how are you doing	hello i am doing okay how are you	very good thank you tell me about you ?	i just turned 20 and am stationed in south korea .	what do you guys get to do in your spare time . i play frisbee	i target practice but the others read books and write home . i cant write home	what is that . no one to write too or another reason another reason another reason ?
rep-1942	hi, do you like skating? i am a pro skater	i do not really know how to skate but i think its very cool	hi, do you like skating? i am a pro skater	i do not really know how to skate but i think its very cool	good, whenever i am not skating i am listening to bluegrass	i listen to music while i am doing carpentry . i just cant seem to stop moving ever	carpentry is cool, do you do that as work?	more of a hobby . i am 40 and still do not have a set career	nice please tell me more	i cant stay still long enough to keep a steady job . i am a restless guy	well least you were not born with a tail like me but i had it removed	i heard that happens sometimes . glad you got it removed	yeah, everyone used to make fun of me in high school when i worked at hollister	oh i assumed you got it removed as a baby	no, i purposely walked around around around around around with it during my teens
rep-1943	hi how are you today	hi i am fine and you how are you doing ?	hi how are you today	hi i am fine and you how are you doing ?	i am good what do you eat	i love pasta and i like to run also read too	i never exercise teach me	i wished i could i like vintage cars they are great	do you ever eat ice cream ice cream ice cream ice cream ice cream ?
rep-1944	hi! nice to chat with you . what kind of hobbies do you have?	hi! i like to collect teddy bears and volunteer for red cross . you?	hi! nice to chat with you . what kind of hobbies do you have?	hi! i like to collect teddy bears and volunteer for red cross . you?	i like to call myself a bodybuilder, but its a body in progress! ha!	that is nice . what do you do for a living?	construction . family business . my mom is actually our secretary! any siblings?	yes, i have two brothers brothers brothers and a sister . do you have any?
rep-1945	hello, how are you today?	good! i am in the army, stationed in south korea . it is a nice day here today .	hello, how are you today?	good! i am in the army, stationed in south korea . it is a nice day here today .	it is rainy here . i am in new york .	i am from puerto rico originally . how do you like new york?	it is all i have ever known, with the exception of pilgrimages to israel .	oh, wow! i bet israel is an interesting place to visit .	yes it is . they have bakeries that have savory treats, as i do not eat sweet .	that is very cool . how old are you? i am twenty .	i am 23 . do you like jazz?	i am more of a pop music person	i love tupac . do you watch the office?	i wish! i mostly just train and wait for my next mission .	that is so sad . i am in art school	the army suits me well . i can be a violent person if i have to be .	that is too bad . you seem seem seem seem like a really nice guy.
rep-1946	hey ! do you like music ? i like metallica .	i like country music mostly	hey ! do you like music ? i like metallica .	i like country music mostly	oh i see . tell me more about yourself .	i like the color green and teddy bears . work for red cross	nice . i was raised in wisconsin and have two male siblings .	are you the baby of the family	no i am the oldest actually .	i bet that was fun growing up	yes . we spent a lot of time in the snow . i like winter and snow .	i wish i would of had siblings at times	what do you do for living ? i do consulting at a management company .	i am a nurse love working with the elderly	brilliant . you must be very busy .	i usually am very busy ?	yes , it takes a lot a lot a lot of dedication .
rep-1947	good evening , i am taking a study break , how are you tonight ?	i am well . i just got home from hairdresser school .	good evening , i am taking a study break , how are you tonight ?	i am well . i just got home from hairdresser school .	that is awesome , it is really tough being a two year law student a two year law student a two year law student a two year law student a two year law student a two year law student .
rep-1948	hello hope you are enjoying your autumn so far	hello how are you ? i currently go to college what about you ?	hello hope you are enjoying your autumn so far	hello how are you ? i currently go to college what about you ?	i went to college long ago in bora bora	that is so cool . are you single ? my girl resides with me .	i am single but live my girl and pet turtle	that is awesome . any other pets ? my pups name is max .	i have a dog and we play frisbee together	how nice . what did you go to school for ? i am going for law .	i studied history and political science . law is very interesting .	wow are you democratic ? tell me about bora bora bora bora i love sightseeing and trying fun things .
rep-1949	hello how are you doing ?	swimmingly . how are you ?	hello how are you doing ?	swimmingly . how are you ?	great thanks . i like to go hunting for polar bears	polar bears ? are those like , mythical creatures who cannot swim and live above ?	haha i hunt them to eat	oh no ! do you hunt mer people also ? ?	a few years ago i was a geology teacher hence i am fascinated by ice .	geology ? is that rocks or something ? i hide behind those sometimes .	my ex boyfriend taught me how to ice fish . you hide behind rocks ? that is nice	oh no . please tell me where he fishes so i can stay away ! !	do not be afraid . polar bears is good for eating	my sister got stuck in a fishing net once !	my desire my desire my desire my desire is to search and find arctic explorers
rep-1950	hello , how are you doing ?	so tired . just got off job 1 and off to job 2 soon . you ?	hello , how are you doing ?	so tired . just got off job 1 and off to job 2 soon . you ?	i am reading fashion magazines .	oh , do you like that kind of stuff ? models , shoes , fashion ?	yeah , i want to learn to make clothes .	like movie costumes movie costumes movie costumes movie costumes movie costumes and stuff like that ?
rep-1951	hello . how are you doing?	i am good . do you have any hobbies?	hello . how are you doing?	i i am good . do you have any hobbies?
rep-1952	hey how are you today ?	i am well . how about you ?	hey how are you today ?	i am well . how about you ?	i am a bit sore from doing tae kwan do .	nice ! i just signed up for a jujitsu class ! so far it seems fun .	nice , i am a state champion .	wow ! that is amazing ! do you do anything else to help support your tae kwan do ?	no . my dad my dad my dad teaches me and it is his life .
rep-1953	good evening . how are you	i am good how r you ?	good evening . how are you	i am good how r you ?	not too bad . tired from working at the factory all day	ah , i am 14 still in school and like most teenagers hating it	it gets better . i am lying . but graduating is worth it	i wanna be in performing arts when i get older . do you have kids	i have two . they are the best ever	do you have any pets . i have a dog .	i have eight pets eight pets eight pets eight pets actually
rep-1954	hi . how is your day going ?	great , just got home from work . how are you ?	hi . how is your day going ?	great , just got home from work . how are you ?	not bad . the teens at the shelter were great today . what is your profession ?	i work at a help desk . so you work with homeless teens ?	yep . i am a mentor of sorts . thinking of cooking . you had supper ?	i did , i eat dinner while watching the news . what are you cooking ?	italian food . chicken alfredo . sigh .	is that not your favorite food ?	yep . what is your favorite food ?	i like to eat chinese and italian	i met my husband at taekwondo class . he is chinese .	oh how fun ! do you have children or pets ?	no . not yet . do you have family or pets ?	no , no pets or husband . i work a lot	yeah . life is full sometimes . i spend my spare time my spare time my spare time my spare time my spare time singing .
rep-1955	hello, how is your day going?	my day is going fine, and yours?	hello, how is your day going?	my day is going fine, and yours?	its its its its been okay although a little sore from working out
rep-1956	hello , how are you this evening ?	i am good just getting back from work	hello , how are you this evening ?	i am good just getting back from work	same here , though i am coming from class . law school student .	that is nice i teach kindergarten	how long have you been going that ?	just two years its rewarding but the pay is low	that is why i am studying law . the pay is good ,	yeah that is definitely a bonus a bonus
rep-1957	just got home from the hospital . listening to jazz , my favorite . and you ?	i like music to relax . but mostly to read	just got home from the hospital . listening to jazz , my favorite . and you ?	i like music to relax . but mostly to read	i like to read ! and run after a day of caring for kids .	what do you like to read ? i like biographies	mostly medical journals . oh , and vintage cars . i love them .	i like to cook . it is a challenge to cook something my son will eat	between my marriage , my practice and my own 2 kids , i do not cook often .	i guess that means a lot pizza	yeah ! but as a pediatrician , i do like to sneak in the veggies and fruit !	that usually requires bribing my son with extra screen time	not too much of that ! its not good for them !	well i have learned to pick my battles	that is true , too . i do that with my husband !	ha . yeah with my husband i bribe him with extra dessert extra dessert extra dessert extra dessert
rep-1958	good evening . vietnam veteran here .	nice . i am in the south korean army .	good evening . vietnam veteran here .	nice . i am in the south korean army .	wow , i want to visit south korea one day , but i am in a wheelchair .	were you injured in action ?	yes , lost a leg . what do you do in the army ?	i am a medic , so most of the time the time the time the time the time there is not much action .
rep-1959	hey there how are you?	i write books, cookbooks about diet	hey there how are you?	i write books, cookbooks about diet	i am always tired but i am a old man	i am fine, i also have a dieting business that is growing .	what is the name of it? i got 1 leg only	try to have pets, i have a dog and 2 cats it gives me energy	oh man, i use to serve the military	you are a very brave person, i love to exercise for long hours	really? i got a wheel chair it goes fast	i respect you! do you like plays? i do .	goodnight there see ya later	you like to race on a wheel chair?	i would would would would would lol would you?
rep-1960	hello, how are you today?	great! how are you?	hello, how are you today?	great! how are you?	i am doing well! listening to tim mcgraw . he is my favorite singer .	heart is my favorite band, but i like some country too .	what do you do for a living?	i am a mom to three kids so whatever i need to . you	i am an olympic medal bodybuilder and i blog about rabbit rescues .	my girls want a pet rabbit soon, any advice?	have a sturdy cage and always make sure they have food and water .	how did you start body building? that is quite impressive too	teddy roosevelt did it, and he is my idol . who is your idol?	anne or nancy wilson . strong women all the way!	my sister likes them . i live with her . she helps me with my disability .	neat . my oldest helps with her sisters a lot since the divorce it is is just us
rep-1961	how are you today? i am sitting at the stock market . slow day .	oh that sounds rough . i am an author, so i work from home .	how are you today? i am sitting at the stock market . slow day .	oh that sounds rough . i am an author, so i work from home .	lucky you . i have always wanted to write a book .	what is your favorite genre? i specialize in science fiction .	i love fantasy actually . anything to get me off planet earth . haha	totally agree . so what stocks should i buy?	that would be insider trading i think . haha . buy google i guess!	i figured it was worth a shot or maybe amazon stock?	oh that would be a good one . i am a horrible stock broker!	that must be why you are still there? kidding .	haha . yeah, i have more fun i my metal band .	oh that is neat! before my parents died a couple years back back back back back, we went to shows.
rep-1962	hello how are you?	good . just got done volunteering for the animal shelter . you?	hello how are you?	good . just got done volunteering for the animal shelter . you?	i am currently watching the news i watch it every night	my parents taught and they always use to make me watch . so boring	i think it is good to know what is going on	i would rather hike the mountains near my house and watch the wildlife .	oh i do not not not not not not go out much i am more of a nerd
rep-1963	hi , i love beef , chicken and pork . you ?	hi how are you doing ? yes i like to eat beef chicken beef chicken beef chicken beef chicken beef chicken and pork .
rep-1964	hi there how are you doing ?	i am good thanks . just got my nails done . you ?	hi there how are you doing ?	i am good thanks . just got my nails done . you ?	i am pretty well getting ready for martial arts class	fun . what else do you like to do ?	playing softball . and mentoring teens mostly	do you like the beach the beach the beach the beach the beach the beach ?
rep-1965	hello how are you this evening ?	hello good i start my first in college next year	hello how are you this evening ?	hello good i start my first in college next year	awesome ! i plan on starting hairdresser school	my parent are forcing me to become a doctor a doctor a doctor a doctor a doctor
rep-1966	hello i am alison . what is your name?	judy . what do you like about sundays? football watching is what what what what i like!
rep-1967	hi, do you know how to sew or nit? i enjoy making my clothing by by by by by myself
rep-1968	hello , how is it going ?	hi , i love riding horses on the beach . you ?	hello , how is it going ?	hi , i love riding horses on the beach . you ?	oh , i m just a simple cat person	oh okay . my has his own car store . you have any friends ?	my husband my husband my husband my husband is my best friend , but he works nights
rep-1969	hello there new friend how are you this fine evening	i am doing great . just taking a break from working on my car .	hello there new friend how are you this fine evening	i am doing great . just taking a break from working on my car .	i just got done working with my horses, it is what i love doing .	that is great . i like to hunt in my spare spare spare spare time.
rep-1970	hello ! how are you tonight ?	hello ! very well , and yourself ?	hello ! how are you tonight ?	hello ! very well , and yourself ?	i am tired ! had a modeling job , then went surfing today .	sounds exciting ! i work as a hair stylist a hair stylist a hair stylist a hair stylist .
rep-1971	hello . how are you tonight? i am just doing a bit of web design .	i am good, just lifting weights	hello . how are you tonight? i am just doing a bit of web design .	i am good, just lifting weights	pretty talented to lift and type at the same time . i can be a canadian .	absolutely . . i am a professional body builder so i can multitask a lot	i did not multitasking was a body building thing . i love to drink iced tea .	tea is good . any hobbies?	no . i do not like to do anything . i have no soul . you?	i like theodore roosevelt and i rescue rabbits	you are such a saint . i like to eat rabbit stew .	i try to be a good person	i wish more of the world world world world world world was like you . favorite color?
rep-1972	hello , how are you this morning ? did you get your walk in yet ?	hello i am fine i cannot walk i am disabled	hello , how are you this morning ? did you get your walk in yet ?	hello i am fine i cannot walk i am disabled	i am sorry . i love to garden and travel , i would hate for that to be me .	its okay i like to knit hats for babies in nicu	that is so sweet . i have been to six countries .	wow have you discovered any new favorite food i love cooking	i discovered real hummus while teaching biology in turkey .	that sounds right up my alley being vegan and all	that is why i started my garden , i am vegan too .	wow someone who helps others like me and vegan amazing	what made you decide to turn vegan ?	for me it was the thought of ending a life a life a life a life a life a life for greed . . you ?
rep-1973	hello how are you ?	i am fine shopping for clothes wyd ?	hello how are you ?	i am fine shopping for clothes wyd ?	what kind of clothes ? i am just playing with ginger my golden retriever	i like jeans an boots	what is your favorite store ? i did not shop at all when i studied abroad	amazon is my favorite store , you cannot go wrong .	do you not worry about trying on clothes first ? i buy model cards from there	no i pick pretty well trust me	do you have any kids ? i just had my first daughter	no i do not an have a good 12	do you want any kids ? what is your favorite movie ?	i do but not now	have a boyfriend a boyfriend a boyfriend ? girlfriend ?
rep-1974	hello how are you doing	how are you doing today	hello how how how are you doing
rep-1975	hi there how are you	hello, i am great . just came back from running . how are you?	hi there how are you	hello, i am great . just came back from running . how are you?	i am good . just reading some of my fantasy books .	that sounds nice . i work at taco bell, are you employed?	i am a tarot card reader reader reader . and medium.
rep-1976	good morning how are you	tired after driving driving driving driving driving driving my truck for delivery . on the road for 19 hours.
rep-1977	hello, how are you tonight?	terrible, my father was just imprisoned for being a corrupt police officer .	hello, how are you tonight?	terrible, my father was just imprisoned for being a corrupt police officer .	oh, that is horrible . my mother is a therapist maybe you should talk to her .	my only therapy i need is to run more . i am getting ready for a 10k	i like to run as well, when i am not building model spaceships .	i find myself running to band practice, and running around work all the time .	i create fantasy video video video games, playing them gives me an outlet for my energy.
rep-1978	hi my name is john	hi john my name is marie, nice to meet you .	hi my name is john	hi john my name name name name name is marie, nice to meet you.
rep-1979	hi there . how are you	hi i am great , how are you ?	hi there . how are you	hi i am great , how are you ?	i am good . just finished my paranormal romance book	was it scary , thrilling and interesting ?	all of the above . that is why i love them	i love romantic and humorous books , i have not tried paranormal .	the paranormal are just awesome . but i am also a medium .	ok the genre makes sense now . how long have you been a medium ?	about ten years . but looking back , a lot longer . just did not realize it	wow that is so amazing , what is your favorite hobby ?	trying to get space from my sisters . lol . even grown ya cant shake em	lol have you ever done a reading for them or yourself ?	i do daily ones for everyone . lol . they would not know what to do without them	lol how many do you do daily ? or it is not a limit ?	depends on the energy the energy i have i suppose . could be just the few , or twenty
rep-1980	hello . i am eating sausage and bacon for breakfast . what are you having ?	i just finished bacon and pancakes .	hello . i am eating sausage and bacon for breakfast . what are you having ?	i just finished bacon and pancakes .	as a doctor i should know to eat less bacon but it is just so god	that is true . i am studying to become a fashion designer .	so cool ! since i am into bodybuilding i do not wear many clothes	i lifted weights in prison . i did some time for stealing .	oh so did my brother . my secretary mom was so upset about it	my parents do not care about me . they are hardly ever around .	i am sorry to hear that . do you have any siblings or kids ?	i would love to be a mom but i am trying to turn my life around .	good luck ! i have seen many success stories in my work as a doctor	thank you . do you have any children any children any children any children ?
rep-1981	drink more water . tracy here . nice to meet you .	i drink water when i hike . my name is suzie .	drink more water . tracy here . nice to meet you .	i drink water when i hike . my my my name is suzie.
rep-1982	hello , how are you doing ?	i am doing very well . looking at travel brochures .	hello , how are you doing ?	i am doing very well . looking at travel brochures .	awesome , do you like onions ? i love them ! gonna travel ?	i do not , and yes . hopefully to italy .	nice place . i like it , i am not a person who likes cats . hate them	i have a huge malamute . he thinks he is a lap dog .	i have one also , as long as my job , i have had my job for years	i do not work , my husband does all of that .	what a great husband he is	he is , i am very lucky .	its such a nice snowy night here in idaho falls	is that anywhere near caldwell ?	its pretty far , 4 hours its pretty far , 4 hours its pretty far , 4 hours its pretty far , 4 hours its pretty far , 4 hours
rep-1983	how are you today? i am doing great myself	i am great! it is hot here in south carolina today .	how are you today? i am doing great myself	i am great! it is hot here in south carolina today .	i love south carolina what part are you in?	charleston . i moved here after graduation from usc .	that is a long move . all the way from california?	yes . i love it here . i belong to a horror film group .	i was a teacher than ice became more interesting	i went to school for teaching but i sing professionally now .	i sometimes search for for polar bears to hunt
rep-1984	how are you today ? i am doing great myself	i am great ! it is hot here in south carolina today .	how are you today ? i am doing great myself	i am great ! it is hot here in south carolina today .	i love south carolina what part what part what part what part what part what part are you in ?
rep-1985	hi there , how are you tonight ?	i am tired was a long day at the office the office the office . how about you ?
rep-1986	hey there how are you today? i hate dogs i run everytime	i am good . just watching the office .	hey there how are you today? i hate dogs i run everytime	i am good . just watching the office .	like to eat? i love to cook .	i am eating a carrot, i do not eat anything sweet .	that is cool i want too	tell me something about yourself .	i am a hopeless romantic for sure .	i happen to be jewish .	really? how is that going for you?	good . where do you live? i live in ny .	i live in ohio i am tired	i really really really really really like living here, so much to do.
rep-1987	hello how are you today ?	hi , i am good , i just moved into a new house i bought ! you ?	hello how are you today ?	hi , i am good , i just moved into a new house i bought ! you ?	that is great . my family lives on my road .	cool dude . any plans for tonight ? i am dancing at the club , i love it .	i would go to the club but tomorrow is sunday and i always go to church .	what church do you go to ? do they have candy ? i love candy !	it is a very conservative church because i am conservative .	oh in which ways are you ?	i am conservative also by buying american vehicles such as my ford pickup truck .	that is neat . i have a dog in school because he is so bad .	wow . i have a dog as well because i love hunting .	do you ever take pictures of yourself hunting and post them ?	i do not . however , i take pictures of my 3 guns . do you take pictures ?	yes all the time ! i like to post pictures of myself on face book .	your life your life your life your life your life must be interesting . can you tell me more ?
rep-1988	good evening, how are you doing today	i am doing pretty good . just got back from a nice long walk . you?	good evening, how are you doing today	i am doing pretty good . just got back from a nice long walk . you?	just got back back back back back from work at my dead end job at mcdonalds
rep-1989	hello , how is your day going ?	my day is going fine , and yours ?	hello , how is your day going ?	my day is going fine , and yours ?	its been okay although a little sore from working out	i am tired , as well . i had a long day in court	wow , what type of law do you practice ?	i am a prosecutor . had a big animal neglect case today . i hate to see animals mistreated	i love animals . i managed a blog on rabbit rescues once	nice . it is the belief of my people that animals are sacred	i compete in bodybuilding in my spare time .	sounds like a lot of physical work . i spend time with my 2 dogs for fun	yes it is i moved in with my little sister my little sister my little sister my little sister my little sister my little sister because she lives near my preferred gym .
rep-1990	hi ! my name is jenny , what is your name ?	i am jess . how are you doing ?	hi ! my name is jenny , what is your name ?	i am jess . how are you doing ?	i am doing really well , thank you . do you have any hobbies any hobbies ?
rep-1991	hi want to get to know each other?	yes, i would like that .	hi want to get to know each other?	yes, i would like that .	what do you do? i am going to be a nurse	i am studying to be an investment broker .	that sounds hard . do you enjoy it?	i like the atmosphere that it offers . what led you to nursing?	my mom works in the industry .	good a reason as any . does she work at a hospital?	yes she is a pediatric nurse	do you also want to work with babies?	i am not sure yet . i just want to help people	that is sweet of you . do you like working out?	not much but i get exercise from hiking and camping	that sounds like fun . where do you go?	up into the mountains . my truck can get me anywhere	trucks are fun! what do you like like like like like like to eat while you are camping?
rep-1992	hello , you play monopoly ? i do . i read 52 books a year . you ?	wow , that is great ! i collect small bears .	hello , you play monopoly ? i do . i read 52 books a year . you ?	wow , that is great ! i collect small bears .	get out ! i collect mcdonalds toys . you play sorry ? i do . arizona is my cat .	i volunteer for an organization and work at the hospital as an rn .	great ! you play checkers ? i do . i like reading about people lives .	interesting . i love collecting all things all things all things all things all things that look like nature my favorite color .
