dull-0000	Can you direct me to Holiday inn ?	Cross the street and walk two blocks west.You can't miss it .	That is amazing.
dull-0001	Lin's office supplies . How may I direct your call ?	Marry Lin please .	Sure , just a moment . ... I'm sorry no one answer the phone .	Marry Lin please .
dull-0002	Good morning , I would like to reserve a berth .	Which train do you like ?	T112 to Washington please .	I love that.
dull-0003	Good afternoon . I come here specially to pick up my tickets . I booked it last month.This is my reservation note .	I am terribly sorry . You didn't come to reconfirm recently.You should have come to pick up your ticket three days ago since it's an international flight , any reservation without reconfirmation within 72 hours will be cancelled .	Good afternoon . I come here specially to pick up my tickets . I booked it last month.This is my reservation note .
dull-0004	Good morning . What's the matter with you ?	Good morning , doctor . I have a terrible headache .	All right , young man . Tell me how it got started .	Yesterday I had a runny nose . Now my nose is stuffed up . I have a sore throat . And I ’ m afraid I've got a temperature . I feel terrible .	Don't worry , young man . Lat me give you an examination . First let me take a look at your throat . Open your mouth and say'ah ' .	Ah .	Your throat is inflamed . And your tongue is heavily coated . You have all the symptoms of influenza .	Ah .
dull-0005	What dressing would you like on the salad ?	French dressing , please .	I beg your pardon ?	Oh , French dressing .	Sorry , it's not available now.Anything else ?	Oh , French dressing .
dull-0006	I want to buy three tickets . What's the entrance fee ?	$ 10 per person .	Here are $ 30 . By the way , where can I find a guide ?	I don't know what you mean by that.
dull-0007	Tell me about yourself and your past experience .	I have worked as an executive secretary for 5 years , first for trading companies , and now I am working for a trust company . I interact well with peers , clients , administrators and bosses . I thrive on challenge and work well in high-stress environments .	How are your typing and shorthand skills ?	I can type 100 Chinese words a minute and take dictation in English at 150 words a minute .	Can you operate computers skillfully ?	Yes , I can . I have received some special training in computers . Besides I am good at operating common office machines , such as fax machines and duplicating machines .	Sometimes we are very busy and need to work overtime . How do you feel about that ?	That's all right . But could you tell me how often and how many hours I should work overtime ?	It just depends . If we have important visiting delegations , you have to stay with us . It's not unusual .	Mr . Smith , I's like to ask you a question .	OK , please .	What specific duties would I perform if I am hired ?	Nothing different from a secretary's common responsibilities . However , you know , our company is an international trade-oriented company , can you handle English papers and write English correspondence ?	Yes . I specialized in English secretary studies at college and that's one of the main parts of my present job .	What are your salary expectations ?	I really need more information about the job before we start to discuss salary . Maybe you could tell me what is budgeted for the position .	The starting monthly salary would be ¥ 2,000 , with rises after the half year according to your competence .	I think it's acceptable and I really like the job . And when can I know the decision ?	We'll inform you of our final decision by early July . Do you have any other questions ?	That is cool.
dull-0008	Hi , I think I was supposed to call for my test results today .	If you go onto our website and put in your password , you can access your test results .	Are you saying that there weren ’ t any problems ?	I will always have you come in for a discussion if there is a major problem .	Will I be able to read the results on the website and understand them ?	Yes , if you go there , you can see what each test is about .	How will I know what the numbers mean ?	That is a great question.
dull-0009	Hello , sir , what can I do for you today ?	I don't have a good answer to that.
dull-0010	How about eating out for a drink with me tonight .	Tonight ? I'm afraid I can't . I've promised Mark to go to the gym . Can we make it tomorrow ?	No problem . Let's say 6:30 p . m . at the Royal Restaurant , OK ?	Nice!
dull-0011	Do you know Sally ?	Sally . She is a bachelor girl . She is an excellent designer . Many of the company's advertisements are her child trains .	I see.
dull-0012	Let ’ s play a game !	OK ! How about Scrabble ?	No , no , a friend of mine taught me this really fun game . I ’ m going to describe someone ’ s face , and you guess who it is !	OK !	No , no , a friend of mine taught me this really fun game . I ’ m going to describe someone ’ s face , and you guess who it is !
dull-0013	Good afternoon . what can I do for you ?	I don't know what you mean by that.
dull-0014	Are there any beds vacant ?	That is a good question.
dull-0015	Billy , you are late again .	I'm sorry I'm late . I overslept . Is the manager here today ?	Yes he ' s in his office .	Oh , I hope he didn't notice me .	Don't take any chances . It'd be best if you told him and promised not to be late again . He's already mad at you for last 2 times . Any more and he might fire you .	Oh , I hope he didn't notice me .
dull-0016	Marketing manage office , can I help you ?	Mr Green , please .	Sorry , he's out .	What time you suspect back them ?	That is a good question.
dull-0017	I have puzzled my brain about how to teach the children .	What is your problem ?	Wow, great question!
dull-0018	Is that pesky lady coming to the office again ?	That question does not make sense to me.
dull-0019	Can you speak Japanese ?	Let me think what I have to say about that!
dull-0020	Tom , is Jenny crying ?	I don't know what you mean by that.
dull-0021	Check out these wheels !	You bought a compact car ?	No , I borrowed it .	Let me guess , from Sarah . It looks like something she would drive .	No , I borrowed it .
dull-0022	Do you like ethnic food ?	I do ! My favorites are Mexican , Thai , and Indian .	Really ? Have you ever tried Moroccan ?	I can't say that I have . What are the basic ingredients ?	I don't know . A friend of mine said I should try it .	Do you know where a Moroccan restaurant is ?	That is a great question.
dull-0023	The boss announces the pay raise today , right ? How much do you think we'll get ?	Let me think what I have to say about that!
dull-0024	Look at this newspaper article about this famous local medium . It says that she is really gifted and so popular now , that she is booked solid with appointments for the next twelve months !	You don't really believe in all that hocus pocus mumbo jumbo , do you ?	Well , I have had many friends that went to a psychic and got their palms read and most of the things the psychic told her came true !	Nice!
dull-0025	Mary , it's good to see you !	Josh and I were just on our way back home from the beach and thought we'd drop by .	I am so glad that you decided to stop by !	Yes , it has been a long time since we have seen you .	Mary , can I get Josh or you something to drink ?	Let me think what I have to say about that!
dull-0026	Hey honey , how was your day ?	It was alright . I ran into Bill and we got to talking for a while . He ’ s in a bit of a jam .	Why ? What happened ?	I don't know what you mean by that.
dull-0027	Hi . What's your name ?	My name is Jung Min . What's your name ?	My name is Jessica . It's nice to meet you .	Yes . It's nice to meet you too . Are you a new student too ?	No . I'm a sophomore . I take it you are a new student ?	Yeah . It's pretty exciting to be here .	Have fun while it lasts . The excitement wears off real quick . Especially after you see how much homework you get . Where are you from ?	I'm from Korea . My parents wanted me to go to an American university , so I came here .	I have never been to Korea . I've been to Japan before , but never Korea .	Why were you in Japan ?	That question does not make sense to me.
dull-0028	The weather is terrible .	Yeah . It's been raining a lot these days .	I have been watching a lot of videos at home because of the constant rain .	Have you heard when it's supposed to get better ?	I saw the weather report , and it's going to rain for the next eight days .	That sucks so much . What are we going to do ?	I'm getting pretty bored . We should do something despite the rain .	Awesome!
dull-0029	Hello , Nancy , nice to see you .	Nice to see you , too . I heard you are a staff of Nokia company .	Yes , I ’ m satisfied with this job .	Congratulations . What did you do during the interview ?	Pay more attention to the external expressions , because they are important for the first impression . Good manner and style of conversation can let other feel your good self-cultivation . Good gestures and mien can let other feel very comfortable .	I am very happy to hear that.
dull-0030	After the financial crisis , many industries are in incredibly cloudy situations . How do you think about our company ?	The outlook in the future is very positive . Because we have been in this field for hundreds of years and we know how to survive this crisis safely .	That is amazing.
dull-0031	Here is the draft contract , Mr . Brown . Let's discuss the clauses to see if we agree on all of them . Then I will make out an original of the contract . After that , what's left is to fill out the contract and sign our names .	That's OK .	The contract is to be written in Chinese and English . Both languages are equally effective .	Fine . If you'll excuse me , I'd like to go it over first . ( After about 15 minutes ) Hmm , you've done a pretty good job . It's well prepared .	The contract is to be written in Chinese and English . Both languages are equally effective .
dull-0032	Check out these wheels !	You bought a compact car ?	No , I borrowed it .	I like that.
dull-0033	that was a really good meal , Gordon .	It sure was . I couldn't eat another bite .	well , it is getting pretty late . I think we should go home .	you're right . I have to get up early to go to work tomorrow .	let's see how much the bill is .	don't worry about it . Tonight is my treat .	what are you talking about ? We'll split the bill .	Wow, great question!
dull-0034	Man , I'm hungry . Do you know a good place to have lunch ?	Yes , I know a great place . What types of food do you like ?	Mexican , Japanese or Chinese would be great .	Oh , I know a place where you might like to eat .	Is it close by ?	Oh , I know a place where you might like to eat .
dull-0035	Hello , this is Mike , Kara .	Mike ! Good to hear from you . How are you ?	Everything is fine , and how are you ?	Things are going well with me .	Kara , I had fun the other night at the movies and was wondering if you would like to go out again this Friday .	Mike , I don't think that it's a good idea to go out again . I really need to focus on getting packed and ready to move back home .	Kara , I had fun the other night at the movies and was wondering if you would like to go out again this Friday .
dull-0036	It's said that John's broken up .	Really ? But his wife has always waited on him hand and foot .	I hear that John's leading a double wife .	That is good.
dull-0037	I'd like to speak Dr.Johnson .	Sorry , but he's not in . May I take a message for you ?	That is a great question.
dull-0038	Do you like ethnic food ?	I do ! My favorites are Mexican , Thai , and Indian .	Really ? Have you ever tried Moroccan ?	I can't say that I have . What are the basic ingredients ?	That question does not make sense to me.
dull-0039	Excuse me . How long has it been since the business was founded ?	That is a great question.
dull-0040	Did you watch the volleyball match last night ?	Yeah .	Who won ?	China .	I love that.
dull-0041	Isn't it wonderful walking here ?	What do you mean ?	That is amazing.
dull-0042	Did you set your clock forward for daylight savings time ?	What ? Why do we have to do that ?	I don't know what you mean by that.
dull-0043	May I come in ?	Yes , please . I ’ m Mr . Peter , the Director of Personnel . What can I do for you ?	Nice to meet you , Mr . Peter . I ’ m Wang Sian . I ’ Ve come for an interview as requested .	Oh , yes . How do you do , Miss Wang ? Sit down , please .	Thank you .	What was your major in school ?	I majored in Public Relations .	Have you done any work in this field ?	I majored in Public Relations .
dull-0044	Oh , my God . I can't take it any more .	What's wrong , honey ? Take it easy .	I am tired of doing that boring work . I just repeat doing counting everyday . It's so terrible .	Me too . But I think we can do something else for a change .	You know I work with my professional knowledge not passion . Sometimes I don't know what the meaning of working is ?	But you did a good job . You always perform the best in our company .	Yes , that's in the past . Maybe I need to go to my psychologist for help .	Perhaps you've just tired and you need a vacation .	I was full of ambitions before . But now I have no aim for my career .	Maybe we should keep on studying to enrich our knowledge and make our life exciting .	That sounds interesting . But I don't know how to do that .	How about a training course ?	A training course ? That must be costly .	But it's worth it . Maybe it can get us into a good mood and also helps us learn something to use for the future .	OK , let's have a try .	But it's worth it . Maybe it can get us into a good mood and also helps us learn something to use for the future .
dull-0045	What do you think I should do , doctor ?	Why don't you try Chinese herbal medicine ?	I am happy for you!
dull-0046	Good morning . Thank you for the interview .	No problem . Now , do you prefer working with others or flying solo ?	Actually , I enjoy both .	So , what is most important to you in a job ? Do you need job security or professional growth and a chance to advance ?	I don't know what you mean by that.
dull-0047	Hello . I bought a China dress in your shop this morning .	Yes ?	Hello . I bought a China dress in your shop this morning .
dull-0048	Hello ! This is Ruby speaking from G . O . T . International Travel Agency . What can I do for you ?	I ’ d like to make a reservation for my trip from Detroit to Beijing on April 13 on Trans Pacific Airline .	Do you want a single ticket or a round trip ticket ?	I ’ d like to have a round trip ticket with a one-year open return .	Economy or Business Class ?	Economy , please . How much is it ?	It will be $ 850 .	Very good . Could I get an electronic ticket ? I ’ m always afraid of losing my tickets .	No problem . How do you wish to pay for it ?	Bank of American card . The number is 6786 9182 12300 8657 .	Thank you ! Would you like an aisle seat or a window seat ?	An aisle seat , please . I ’ m tall and need to get up and walk pretty often .	That is very interesting.
dull-0049	Is there anything wrong ?	I ’ m worried about my daughter . She can ’ t decide about college .	Don ’ t worry . That ’ s just a part of being a teenager .	I ’ m worried about my daughter . She can ’ t decide about college .
dull-0050	Hello , Madam . What can we do for you today ?	Hi . I've been sent over from Turner Interiors . They said I need to collect some sort of L / C ? Do you have it ?	I certainly do . Here it is , an Export L / C from Tokyo .	It should be from Sayuri Beds . Is that right ?	Yes , it is . Sayuri Beds , Tokyo , Japan .	That's what I want ! Do you need me to sign anything ? Or fill in some forms ?	Just sign right here , please . That's everything you need to do .	I am happy for you!
dull-0051	Hello , Miss Wu , This is Dan Robson calling from OTC limited . I'd like to check my last order . When exactly was it sent out ?	I can check that for you right now . Would you mind holding ?	Sure . No problem .	Mr . Robson , I'm sorry . Our computer system is down . Could I call you back later ?	Sure . Do you have my number ?	Nice!
dull-0052	It is too bad today .	What happened ?	My som was lost . I told him to stand rooted to the spot when I went shopping , but he ignored it .	How did you find him at last ?	My som was lost . I told him to stand rooted to the spot when I went shopping , but he ignored it .
dull-0053	May I help you with something ?	I would like to return some books .	I ’ ll take them .	Here you go .	These books were due two weeks ago .	Yeah . I totally forgot they were due .	You will need to pay late fees on these books .	How much are the late fees ?	I don't have a good answer to that.
dull-0054	Which university did you graduate from ?	I graduated from Peking University .	Wow.
dull-0055	May I take your order ?	Let me think what I have to say about that!
dull-0056	There's a new girl in school , have you seen her yet ?	I haven't seen her yet .	I think that she is very pretty .	Tell me how she looks .	She's kind of short .	What height is she ?	She's probably about five feet .	That's nice , but tell me what she looks like .	She's probably about five feet .
dull-0057	I need to get my high speed internet installed .	You'll need to make an appointment .	Could I do that right now , please ?	What day would you like us to do the installation ?	Is Friday good ?	We're only available at 3	You can't come any earlier than that ?	I'm sorry . That's the only available time .	Are you available this Saturday ?	Yes . Anytime on Saturday will be fine .	How does 11	Yes . Anytime on Saturday will be fine .
dull-0058	Um , what will you do this weekend ?	Let me think what I have to say about that!
dull-0059	I have to check out now . My name is Ruth Carson . Can I have my bill , please ?	Let me think what I have to say about that!
dull-0060	Are you ready for the camping trip ?	All set . I've got my makeup , my Cds , and my portable TV set ...	Hello ! We're supposed to be getting back to nature .	Yeah , yeah . Anyway ... I'm packed . Are you ?	Hello ! We're supposed to be getting back to nature .
dull-0061	hi , Bob , I am so glad that you came .	of course I'd come . I couldn't think of a better chance to see all my old friends .	yeah . It's hard to believe that it's been ten years since graduation . It feels just yesterday we collected our diplomas .	how time flies . But hey , how are things going with you ?	I don't have a good answer to that.
dull-0062	Believe it or not , one of the narrowest street in the world is only 49cm wide .	Unbelievable ! How do people go through it ?	I don't know what you mean by that.
dull-0063	What's that book you have under your arm ?	It's the best seller everyone's been talking about for the last six months .	How in the world did you get a copy ? I've put a hold on it at the public library for weeks and I'm still waiting my turn .	I checked it out of the rental library . It only costs five cents a day .	Is it really worth paying for ?	I can't tell yet . I haven't got beyond the first chapter .	Wow.
dull-0064	I want to buy three tickets . What's the entrance fee ?	$ 10 per person .	I like that.
dull-0065	His grandfather is the richest person in the area .	What a miser ! He cycles to school every day .	His grandfather's money is not his .	What a miser ! He cycles to school every day .
dull-0066	Hi , I made a reservation for a mid-size vehicle . The name is Jimmy Fox .	I ’ m sorry , we have no mid-size available at the moment .	I don ’ t understand , I made a reservation , do you have my reservation ?	Yes , we do , unfortunately we ran out of cars .	I love that.
dull-0067	Hi , Alice , what are you doing this sunday ?	That is a great question.
dull-0068	Excuse me . can you tell me where Main Street is ?	Turn left at the second light and then go straight for two blocks .	Is it far ?	No . it ’ s only five minutes walk . you can ’ t miss it .	Thanks a lot	No . it ’ s only five minutes walk . you can ’ t miss it .
dull-0069	Hello ?	Hi , Mr . Smith . This is Mary . Is Jenny there ?	No , I ’ m afraid not , Mary . May I take a message for her ?	Yes , please tell her that band practice has been moved to Tuesday night at eight thirty .	O . K . No problem . Anything else ?	No , but if she has any questions , she can call me at 555-2345 .	I like that.
dull-0070	Hey Suzie . Guess what ? I'm having a baby !	Really ? That's so great . Congratulations .	Thanks . I'm so excited . We've been trying for 8 months now .	That's really exciting . How many months are you pregnant ?	Three months .	Are you going to find out if it is a boy or a girl ?	I want to , but Bob doesn't . He wants to be surprised like the old fashioned way .	That is cool.
dull-0071	Nice to meet you here.How come you dropped into this company today ?	My boss sent me here to take some business documents back to his office . I didn't know you were working here.What a surprise.How long have you been doing this ?	Two years or so .	That is great.Do you have to work the night shift ?	No , in most cases I don't have to unless there is something urgent to deal with . I work five days a week .	Do you enjoy work here ?	No , in most cases I don't have to unless there is something urgent to deal with . I work five days a week .
dull-0072	We are just going round the corner for a drink . Won't you join us ?	Well , I'd like to , but I am not sure I have time .	Oh , come on ! Just a quick one !	Well , I'd like to , but I am not sure I have time .
dull-0073	Hello , Nancy , nice to see you .	Nice to see you , too . I heard you are a staff of Nokia company .	Yes , I ’ m satisfied with this job .	Congratulations . What did you do during the interview ?	Yes , I ’ m satisfied with this job .
dull-0074	I heard that you finished my home inspection , and I was wondering how it went .	First of all , we need to understand what I was looking for . Do you know what the purpose of an inspection is ?	I am not sure what a home inspection is all about .	I went there to check for problems with the home , so you aren ’ t surprised when you move in .	Wouldn ’ t the owners have told me about any problems ?	That is a good question.
dull-0075	What game do you like ?	I like board games . I like chinese chess and draughts .	I ’ Ve never played Chinese chess before , but I ’ Ve seen old men playing it in the street . It looks complicated .	It ’ s about as complicated as chess . The basic rule and moves are simple enough , but there are many strategies that players need to learn .	I like playing cards . I ’ m pretty good at poker . Do you play cards ?	I ’ m terrible at cards and so I never play games which involve gambling , like poker . If I did , I ’ d lose all my money .	That is cool.
dull-0076	What kind of permanent would you like to have ?	what kinds do you have ?	I don't know what you mean by that.
dull-0077	What dressing would you like on the salad ?	French dressing , please .	I beg your pardon ?	Oh , French dressing .	Sorry , it's not available now.Anything else ?	Oh , French dressing .
dull-0078	Hey , could you help me try and figure out how to get ready for my job interview ?	The most important thing to do is to make sure you know the company and what services or products it provides . Do you know all about them ?	Yes , I pretty much understand the company .	Well , after you've done your research , you have to decide whether the company is casual or formal . Have you decided what they are yet ?	Yes , I've been observing them .	When you are choosing what to wear , keep all of that in mind . Have you chosen what to wear ?	That question does not make sense to me.
dull-0079	Good morning . I ’ m from the New York book review . Could I ask you some questions about your latest book ?	Sure . Take a seat ... what would you like to know ?	First , I ’ Ve heard that your latest book is based on a true story .	That ’ s correct . It ’ s a murder mystery based on actual murders that book place in Florida several years ago . The main character-the police invesigator-is based on the man who investigated the case .	How do you research your books ?	That ’ s correct . It ’ s a murder mystery based on actual murders that book place in Florida several years ago . The main character-the police invesigator-is based on the man who investigated the case .
dull-0080	What did you do today ?	Played poker with my work friends .	Did you win ?	Played poker with my work friends .
dull-0081	I give up ! I simply can't learn French !	Why do you say that ? I think you're making a lot of progress .	I don't have a good answer to that.
dull-0082	What seems to be the trouble , Mr . Brown ?	I'm in pretty bad shape , Dr . Ford .	Oh , in what way ?	No appetite , always on edge , and I can't sleep well .	Did you lose any weight ?	Yes , I have lost quite a few pounds since last month .	When was the last time you had a check-up ?	About two month ago .	Let me take your blood pressure . You look anemic .	Well , Mr . Brown , I'm happy to say it's nothing serious .	You're just a little run-down from overwork .	What am I supposed to do ?	I think all you need is just a vacation .	I see.
dull-0083	Well , tell me something of yourself .	What would you like to know , Mr . Green ?	What working experience have you get ?	In 2004 , I got a job in the sales department of a trading company near Guangzhou . I started a sales representative . A year later , I was promoted to the position of sales manager . I had that job ever since , which is just over a year now .	Nice!
dull-0084	You've heard of Bruce Jenner , haven't you ?	He won the decathlon in the 1976 Olympics , right ?	I don't have a good answer to that.
dull-0085	Oh , hi , Jessica , are you going to see this movie too ?	I'd love to , the movies are smash hit .	Then let's go in .	I can't . I'm waiting for Paul , but he's late .	I'll say the movie's starting in the minute .	I know . I wonder what's keeping him .	Looks like he won't show up . He's done this before , hasn't he ?	Yeah , a number of times .	I am very happy to hear that.
dull-0086	Is this supply ?	Let me think what I have to say about that!
dull-0087	Where do you plan to go this winter ?	Alps , suppose .	That is good.
dull-0088	How old is Keith ?	He's 21 . How old is James ?	He's a year older than Keith , but he looks younger .	How's your father ?	He's fine . He retired last week . It's a turning point in his life . Now he can relax and enjoy his retirement .	He can spend more time with his grandchildren .	Oh , I don't think he wants to . He wants to travel to several different countries around the world .	So , he wants to have a more active retirement . Good idea !	How do you want to spend your old age ?	So , he wants to have a more active retirement . Good idea !
dull-0089	Good morning . May I help you ?	Yes , I'd like to check out now . My name's Adams , room 312 . Here's the key .	One moment , please , sir . ... Here's your bill . Would you like to check and see if the amount is correct ?	Yes , I'd like to check out now . My name's Adams , room 312 . Here's the key .
dull-0090	This is the Bell Captain's Desk . May I help you ?	Yes , I've been waiting for my bags to be sent up for the last half hour . Where are they ?	I'm very sorry to hear that . May I have your name and room number , please ?	Yes , it's Yao Lan . Room 406 .	And how many pieces did you have ?	Yes , it's Yao Lan . Room 406 .
dull-0091	How about eating out for a drink with me tonight .	Tonight ? I'm afraid I can't . I've promised Mark to go to the gym . Can we make it tomorrow ?	No problem . Let's say 6:30 p . m . at the Royal Restaurant , OK ?	I love that.
dull-0092	Hi , Victor . How are you ?	Oh , I'm fine .	So , are you going to go to class tonight ?	Oh , I'm fine .
dull-0093	Diane Grant ? I haven't seen you for ages !	Brian ! How have you been ?	Pretty good . Say , you've really changed !	Oh , well , I've lost some weight . And my hair is longer than before .	Well , you look great ! How are you ?	I'm doing really well . I got married about three years ago . I have two kids now .	Wow.
dull-0094	Steven , I'm going abroad by plane for the first time tomorrow . Can you give me some advice ? And what should I pay attention to ?	First , you should have enough sleep to get over the jet lag before the departure . Most people will suffer from jet lag for a few days after a long flight .	I will go to bed early tonight .	Do you have an airsickness ?	I will go to bed early tonight .
dull-0095	What happened , John ?	Let me think what I have to say about that!
dull-0096	Could you do me a favor and proofread my resume before I send it out to the human resources department ?	I don't know what you mean by that.
dull-0097	Are you going to buy a bicycle ?	I ’ m thinking about it . How much is it ?	¥ 350 .	Oh , dear . It ’ s too expensive . Can you give me a better price ?	That is a great question.
dull-0098	Hello , Nancy , nice to see you .	Nice to see you , too . I heard you are a staff of Nokia company .	Yes , I ’ m satisfied with this job .	Nice to see you , too . I heard you are a staff of Nokia company .
dull-0099	What seems to be the trouble , Mr . Brown ?	I'm in pretty bad shape , Dr . Ford .	Oh , in what way ?	No appetite , always on edge , and I can't sleep well .	Did you lose any weight ?	Yes , I have lost quite a few pounds since last month .	When was the last time you had a check-up ?	About two month ago .	Let me take your blood pressure . You look anemic .	Well , Mr . Brown , I'm happy to say it's nothing serious .	You're just a little run-down from overwork .	What am I supposed to do ?	I think all you need is just a vacation .	Try to get outdoors more and be sure to get more rest .	I think all you need is just a vacation .
dull-0100	Hey , May , look , Is that the the poster of the movie we saw yesterday ?	Yes , that's right . That's the poster of the The Witch .	May , I really regret watching it with you last night .	Did it scare you ?	Of course not . I just thought the movie was ... boring .	Boring ? Come on , you clutched to my arm all the time .	Well , I admit . The ghosts were scary .	I like scary movies .	That's Gucci's influence . I love science fiction movies !	Of course you do . They are silly stories just for little kids like you .	Don't call me kid . I am a grownup .	Do you dare watch scary movies with me tonight ?	Don't call me kid . I am a grownup .
dull-0101	Frank ’ s getting married , do you believe this ?	Is he really ?	That question does not make sense to me.
dull-0102	Man , I'm hungry . Do you know a good place to have lunch ?	Yes , I know a great place . What types of food do you like ?	That question does not make sense to me.
dull-0103	I'd like to invite you to dinner tonight , do you think have time ?	Thank you for your inition . I'm free tonight .	Which kind of food do you like , chinese food , western food or sea food ?	I don't have a good answer to that.
dull-0104	I do want to meet with you and take a look at your catalogue . We ’ re redecorating and are going to add some things .	Well , I ’ ll be glad to help you out . I can come out anytime on Tuesday or Thursday of next week .	Let ’ s put it down for 1:15 on Thursday . We ’ ll definitely need some new filing cabinets and at least one desk unit .	Well , I ’ ll be glad to help you out . I can come out anytime on Tuesday or Thursday of next week .
dull-0105	Can I have a look at that digital camera please ?	Yes of course . This is a really good one actually .	How much does it cost ?	This one is 1500 yuan .	It looks pretty good . I think I'll take it .	This one is 1500 yuan .
dull-0106	I was just watching a documentary on TV about how people use dogs for various purpose . It was very interesting .	I love dogs . They have been used as guards for centuries . Nowadays , they are often used to find illegal drugs and bombs by the police and customs officers .	The documentary also pointed out that they are used by shepherds to round up sheep and by rescue workers to find people trapped under rubble or snow .	Horses are useful to people too . We use them for sports and recreation .	Don ’ t forget that horses are still used in many countries to pull ploughs and carts .	Can you ride a horse ?	Yes , I can . I don ’ t ride regularly though . How about you ?	That is a great question.
dull-0107	Could I have some fish ?	Certainly . And what vegetables would you like ?	Oh , spinach , I think .	Fine , And what about something to drink ?	Just a beer , please .	Good . Thank you.sir .	Would you like to have some more beer ?	No , thanks . I ' Ve had enough . I'll have my bill , please .	Of course . Please wait a moment . I'll go and get it .	No , thanks . I ' Ve had enough . I'll have my bill , please .
dull-0108	Hey honey , how was your day ?	It was alright . I ran into Bill and we got to talking for a while . He ’ s in a bit of a jam .	Why ? What happened ?	It was alright . I ran into Bill and we got to talking for a while . He ’ s in a bit of a jam .
dull-0109	How's Jimmy today ?	Better , thank you , doctor .	Can I see him please , Mrs Williams ?	Certainly , doctor . Come upstairs .	You look very well , Jimmy . You are better now , but you mustn't get up yet.You must stay in bed for another two days.The boy mustn't go to school yet , Mrs Williams . And he mustn't eat rich food .	Does he have a temperature , doctor ?	No , he doesn ’ t .	Must he stay in bed ?	Yes . He must remain in bed for another two days . He can get up for about two hours each day , but you must keep the room warm . Where's Mr Williams this evening ?	I see.
dull-0110	Good afternoon . Can I help you ?	I need some remedies for an upset stomach .	Are you also suffering from pain and fever ?	Yes , and I also have the runs	I'll give you some tablets that should make you feel better . One moment , please . Here you are . Take these tablets three times a day swallow them with water .	When should I take them ?	Take on after each meal .	How long should I continue taking them ?	Take on after each meal .
dull-0111	I have some great news ! I was able to switch to the night shift !	I knew everything would work out for you !	I got to meet the night Anger today too . We got along right from the start .	Wonderful ! Do you already have your work schedule ?	Not yet , I pick it up tomorrow .	I love that.
dull-0112	Have you ever shopped online ?	Quite often . It is very convenient , saving me a lot of time .	Do you have some experiences to share with me ? I want to have a try .	You are asking the right person . Here are two very important tips . First , you need to visit no more than one site to find the best products and prices . I can recommend you some online merchants . Second , write your mail address correctly . Otherwise , you can ’ t receive your delivery in time .	What about the registration procedure ? Is that complicated ?	Not at all . You just need to provide your name , address , e-mail address , phone number and bank or credit card information . I will help you with that .	That is good.
dull-0113	Do you like being a doctor ?	Yes , most of the time . But , sometimes things can get difficult .	Can you tell me about it ?	You know , sometimes patients can get very unreasonable . They may insist they are sick when they are not .	What can you do when this happens ?	You know , sometimes patients can get very unreasonable . They may insist they are sick when they are not .
dull-0114	I'm sorry , our appointment has to be changed .	What a pity !	I'm sorry , our appointment has to be changed .
dull-0115	I need help with the office party .	Yes , of course . We could split it . What part would you like to do , the food or the entertainment ?	I have no idea what the entertainment should be .	That is good.
dull-0116	Boy , it looks like everyone in your family is here , from young to old .	Easter's a good day for reunions . The family goes to church together .	And after church they come here for lunch ?	Yup , a big potluck buffet . And then-notice there are no children around ?	Yeah , what's up with that ?	I like that.
dull-0117	Um , what will you do this weekend ?	How about a movie ? We haven't done that for a while .	A movie ? Sure . Do you know what's on right now ?	No . Why don't you check out the newspaper ?	Nice!
dull-0118	When was America discovered , Tony ?	I'm not certain . Do you know ?	America was discovered by Christopher Columbus in 1492 .	In a way that's right . But the Vikings travelled there long beforeColumbus . And what about the Red Indians ?	All right . Ask me a question now .	Who invented the electric light bulb ?	That's easy . It was invented by Edison .	Correct . Now for a harder question . Who will be the first men on Mars ?	I can't answer that . But I think Mars will be visited by men before theed of this century .	I am very happy to hear that.
dull-0119	Mary , it's good to see you !	Josh and I were just on our way back home from the beach and thought we'd drop by .	I am so glad that you decided to stop by !	Yes , it has been a long time since we have seen you .	I am so glad that you decided to stop by !
dull-0120	I don ’ t want you to be worried , but our son has some bad habits now . He says painful words everyday .	What words ? Can you tell me ?	That question does not make sense to me.
dull-0121	Can we choose a time to look at houses together ?	Can you do that in the mornings , or would the afternoons be best ?	Either way is good for me .	There are a number of open houses this weekend in your area . Would that okay with you ?	I can take a little time off of work , or I can go on a weekend , also .	Nice!
dull-0122	Hello , is this the ABC company ?	Yes , may I help you ?	We have just arrived from Tokyo only ... looking for a reserve car of your company . All of above , we cannot find it .	What is your reservation number ?	Our reservation number is J - 221 .	That is good.
dull-0123	How smart of you to book the tickets before hand !	Oh , do you really think so ?	Of course , otherwise you ’ ll just have to wait for hours .	I am very happy to hear that.
dull-0124	This is the best dinner I've ever had .	How about the soup ?	Wow, great question!
dull-0125	It seldom rains this summer .	Yeah , some places are very short of water .	Because of pollution and other things , our environment has become worse and worse .	Yeah , some places are very short of water .
dull-0126	How much is it all together ?	Let me see . The bell-bottom pants are $ 90 and the coat is $ 120 . It comes to $ 210 .	Nice!
dull-0127	I prefer potatoes to eggplants .	I feel eggplants are more nutritious .	I prefer potatoes to eggplants .
dull-0128	I want some cosmetics.Could you recommend some ?	I think Pond's is the best .	I am very happy to hear that.
dull-0129	Hello , is this the ABC company ?	Yes , may I help you ?	We have just arrived from Tokyo only ... looking for a reserve car of your company . All of above , we cannot find it .	What is your reservation number ?	We have just arrived from Tokyo only ... looking for a reserve car of your company . All of above , we cannot find it .
dull-0130	Excuse me . Do you mind if I try this on ?	Not at all . The changing rooms are just this way .	That is amazing.
dull-0131	The boss announces the pay raise today , right ? How much do you think we'll get ?	No idea . Your guess is as good as mine .	It better be more than last year .	No idea . Your guess is as good as mine .
dull-0132	I want a pair of sports shoes , Adidas .	What size do you want ?	Let me think what I have to say about that!
dull-0133	Excuse me . Do you have the time ?	My watch is a few minutes fast . It's about six forty , I think .	Is it ? Oh , no . The concert will begin in twenty minutes . Are we too late to get there ?	My watch is a few minutes fast . It's about six forty , I think .
dull-0134	What game do you like ?	I like board games . I like chinese chess and draughts .	I ’ Ve never played Chinese chess before , but I ’ Ve seen old men playing it in the street . It looks complicated .	It ’ s about as complicated as chess . The basic rule and moves are simple enough , but there are many strategies that players need to learn .	I like playing cards . I ’ m pretty good at poker . Do you play cards ?	It ’ s about as complicated as chess . The basic rule and moves are simple enough , but there are many strategies that players need to learn .
dull-0135	What ’ s on TV tonight ?	Not much , that new reality-TV show , Ally McNeal , oooo , Dark Angel .	That is amazing.
dull-0136	His grandfather is the richest person in the area .	What a miser ! He cycles to school every day .	His grandfather is the richest person in the area .
dull-0137	hi , darling ! I have a one-month vacation saved up . How about a trip to Europe ?	I could go for that . But I'm afraid our budget is a little tight this year .	oh , but I really need to leave this town for a change . Working day after day has worn me out . Do you have any other suggestions ?	we should probably think about going somewhere that isn't too far away . How about the countryside ? There must be many interesting places , and we could enjoy the fresh air and the delicious local spec	wonderful ! I think that's a great idea . How soon until we can make this happen ? I can't wait !	tomorrow I have an appointment with my dentist . What about next Monday ?	perfect . I'll start preparing tomorrow . If we're going to drive , I'll need to fill up the tank .	I love that.
dull-0138	Hi . What's your name ?	My name is Jung Min . What's your name ?	My name is Jessica . It's nice to meet you .	Yes . It's nice to meet you too . Are you a new student too ?	No . I'm a sophomore . I take it you are a new student ?	Yeah . It's pretty exciting to be here .	Have fun while it lasts . The excitement wears off real quick . Especially after you see how much homework you get . Where are you from ?	Yeah . It's pretty exciting to be here .
dull-0139	Excuse me . I bought this shirt yesterday , but I would like to refund it .	Gave me the receipt , please .	Here is my receipt .	What's wrong with it ?	It's too small for me to wear .	Would you like another bigger one ?	It's too small for me to wear .
dull-0140	It seldom rains this summer .	Yeah , some places are very short of water .	Because of pollution and other things , our environment has become worse and worse .	Yeah , some places are very short of water .
dull-0141	I'm very sorry , sir . My car has broken down .	Sorry to hear that . Can we do anything about it ?	I'm very sorry , sir . My car has broken down .
dull-0142	Hey Nick , what are you up to ?	Not much , just heading over to the shooting range . You wanna come ?	I don't have a good answer to that.
dull-0143	Hello . Can you tell me what the procedures of applying for a job are ?	I don't know what you mean by that.
dull-0144	How about another beer ?	Wow, great question!
dull-0145	Good evening , madam . Can I help you ?	Yes . I bought this sheet here yesterday .	Anything wrong with it ?	Yes . When I spread it out back home , I found this hole .	Oh , how awful ! May I have a look at the invoice ?	Here it is .	That is great.
dull-0146	Why are you so quiet ?	My girlfriend just broke up with me .	You must feel terrible now .	Yeah .	I remember my first break up . It was the worst feeling in the world . I was crying everyday for three months . And slowly , it got better . I know you'll feel better too .	You've been through this too ?	Yeah . I remember it very clearly . The pain makes it easy to remember . I know you're really hurting right now , but you know many people experience break ups .	But it hurts too much .	I know it's painful , but it's only temporary . After the pain goes away , you'll find other girls .	What if I don't want to find another girl ?	I don't have a good answer to that.
dull-0147	Good morning . May I help you ?	Yes , I'd like to check out now . My name's Adams , room 312 . Here's the key .	One moment , please , sir . ... Here's your bill . Would you like to check and see if the amount is correct ?	What's the 14 pounds for ?	That's for the phone calls you made from your room .	Can I pay with traveller's cheques ?	I don't know what you mean by that.
dull-0148	How would you like your hair set ?	I'd like to have it in big waves .	I see.
dull-0149	Guess who I saw just now ?	Who ?	John Smith , the escaped criminal .	That bad egg , who took the low road since he was a boy .	I think I must report to the cops .	That bad egg , who took the low road since he was a boy .
dull-0150	hi , Bob , I am so glad that you came .	of course I'd come . I couldn't think of a better chance to see all my old friends .	yeah . It's hard to believe that it's been ten years since graduation . It feels just yesterday we collected our diplomas .	how time flies . But hey , how are things going with you ?	oh , where to start ? There have been ups and downs . I'm still trying to find my place in this world . It's only recently that I've been able to start settling down . How about you ? You still with Jenn	That is a good question.
dull-0151	Do you have any hobbies ?	Yes , I like collecting things .	Oh , that ’ s interesting , and but what kind of things ?	Several things , for example , Very coins , stamps , stones and so on .	That is amazing.
dull-0152	Excuse me Miao Li . Could you tell me who Jackie Chan is ?	Certainly . Jackie Chan is a very famous movie star in Hong Kong . His Chinese name is Cheng Long .	Ha , I know Cheng Long a lot , he has made 40 films since 1976 . And at that time he was promoted as the new Bruce Lee . But I'm not familiar with his English name .	OK . Then tell me what else you know .	Some movie stars measure their worth by how many millions of dollars they make . Do you know how Jackie Chan measures his worth ?	He measures his worth by how many of his bones he has fractured while executing his film , incredible stunts . By the way , can you count the breaks ?	Sure . His skull , his eyes , his nose , three times , his jaw , his shoul-der , is chest , two fingers , a knee . As he said ' Everything from the top of my head to the bottom of my feet ! '	I am happy for you!
dull-0153	My friend Jean is very beautiful .	What's her figure ?	Perfect , and I like her charming eyes too .	I like that.
dull-0154	Can I help you ?	Yes , I need some traveler's checks .	How much do you need ?	Yes , I need some traveler's checks .
dull-0155	Do you have sport shirts for ladies ?	There are different types . Which one do you like best ?	I think the red one fits me well . Can I try it on ?	Surely , of course .	Where is the fitting room ?	Surely , of course .
dull-0156	Lin's office supplies . How may I direct your call ?	Marry Lin please .	Sure , just a moment . ... I'm sorry no one answer the phone .	All right , could I leave a message ?	Sure , just a moment . ... I'm sorry no one answer the phone .
dull-0157	How do you decide what grade we get ?	Let me think what I have to say about that!
dull-0158	I heard that you finished my home inspection , and I was wondering how it went .	First of all , we need to understand what I was looking for . Do you know what the purpose of an inspection is ?	I am not sure what a home inspection is all about .	I went there to check for problems with the home , so you aren ’ t surprised when you move in .	I am not sure what a home inspection is all about .
dull-0159	There's a new girl in school , have you seen her yet ?	I don't know what you mean by that.
dull-0160	Hello , is Sue there ?	Who ?	Wow, great question!
dull-0161	The bartender just gave the last call . Let's order another round , okay ?	Let me think what I have to say about that!
dull-0162	They got a divorce at last .	It's inevitable . Their love wasbuilt on the sand , and this is why their marriage has landed on the rocks .	They got a divorce at last .
dull-0163	How about eating out for a drink with me tonight .	Tonight ? I'm afraid I can't . I've promised Mark to go to the gym . Can we make it tomorrow ?	That is a good question.
dull-0164	What dressing would you like on the salad ?	I don't know what you mean by that.
dull-0165	Are you free this weekend , Miss Rose ?	Yes , I am . What's up ?	Then would you please go to a dance party with me ?	With pleasure . I suppose you dance often .	Oh , no . As a matter of fact , I haven't danced for a long time .	But I am told that you dance wonderfully well .	Thanks for flattering me . I think you dance a lot , right ?	But I am told that you dance wonderfully well .
dull-0166	Should we ask Jason to play ? He's always watching movies on HBO .	I guess we should invite him . I just hope he doesn't start talking about Sylvester Stallone and Arnold Schwarzenegger again .	I see.
dull-0167	Excuse me , is this the baggage claim area from KL17 ?	Yes , can I help you ?	Well , this is my baggage claim tag . Can you get my baggage now ?	Awesome!
dull-0168	Good morning , I would like to reserve a berth .	Which train do you like ?	That question does not make sense to me.
dull-0169	Did you hear about the robbery ?	Did I hear about it ? I saw it happen .	Are you serious ?	I was there .	What happened ?	A man came into the bank with a gun .	I am happy for you!
dull-0170	As we know , mobile phones bring people great convenience and shorten the distance among friends and relatives .	It bears a great many of advantages , but also some weak points .	Is it ? I've never thought of any disadvantages of the mobile phone .	I don't know what you mean by that.
dull-0171	How about another beer ?	No , thanks . I've had more than enough.In fact , I must be running along .	Wow.
dull-0172	We are just going round the corner for a drink . Won't you join us ?	Well , I'd like to , but I am not sure I have time .	I am very happy to hear that.
dull-0173	Joe , how are you doing ?	I am great ! How about you , Mary ? How are you ?	I am doing great ! Thank you for asking , Joe .	I was wondering if you want to go see a movie with me tonight ?	That is a good question.
dull-0174	Now please tell me something about your past work achievements .	All right , madam . When I was sales manager at the Beijing Friendship Store . I succeeded in raising the yearly sales volume by 25 % and profit margins from 50 % to 80 % .	That is quite an achievement ! Do you consider it your most rewarding work experience ?	That is a great question.
dull-0175	Good morning.Are you Mr.Liu ?	My name is Liu Lichi . How do you do ?	I don't know what you mean by that.
dull-0176	May I come in ?	That is a great question.
dull-0177	Good morning.Are you Mr.Liu ?	My name is Liu Lichi . How do you do ?	How do you do ? Please be seated , How is your trip here ?	Quite good , I think . I came here by bus , and it took me about 15 minutes .	Oh , yes.How old are you ?	Twenty .	Hum , still a student ?	Yes , I'm student of grade 3 in the university majoring in economics .	What subjects are you studying ?	English , math , commercial and legal studies , and accountancy .	Have you had any working experience .	Well , I worked at a supermarket during last summer holidays .	Have you had any working experience .
dull-0178	We're thinking about going to America .	Have you thought about the cost ?	I don't have a good answer to that.
dull-0179	Hey , did you hear about Jessica's party this weekend ?	Yeah , but I'm still waiting for my invitation .	That is good.
dull-0180	So tell me , what's the difference between the Board of Directors , the CEO , and the stockholders ? They all seems ot be the same group of people to me ...	No , there's a definite difference . You know , the stockholders are the people who own the company ... they're the financial control system . Then there's the CEO — the chief executive officer . He's the hot shot , the main guy who is the boss . If there is only one person with absolute power in the organization , everyone knows that the power will go to their head . It's too dangerous . That's the reason for a Board of Directors . The board is made up of people who are experts in the industry . They could be related to the organization , but more commonly , they are independent and non-biased .	How many people are on the board of directors ?	No , there's a definite difference . You know , the stockholders are the people who own the company ... they're the financial control system . Then there's the CEO — the chief executive officer . He's the hot shot , the main guy who is the boss . If there is only one person with absolute power in the organization , everyone knows that the power will go to their head . It's too dangerous . That's the reason for a Board of Directors . The board is made up of people who are experts in the industry . They could be related to the organization , but more commonly , they are independent and non-biased .
dull-0181	Could you show me what you've got ?	I don't know what you mean by that.
dull-0182	I want to see the man responsible for selling typewriters .	My name is Steven . I'm the Sales Manager of this company .	Well , look here . Ten new typewriters were delivered to my company yesterday afternoon and only five of them work properly .	Oh , I'm sorry about that .	Never mind being sorry , what are you going to do about it ?	Oh , I'm sorry about that .
dull-0183	Do you like ethnic food ?	I do ! My favorites are Mexican , Thai , and Indian .	Really ? Have you ever tried Moroccan ?	I can't say that I have . What are the basic ingredients ?	I am happy for you!
dull-0184	Well , how did you enjoy your seaside trip ?	It was funny .	Tell me about it , will you ?	Well , we drove through the valley on our way there in the morning . It was a magnificent sight .	Did you stop at the big waterfall for pictures ?	Sure , we wouldn't miss it for anything . After that , we took a short cut to the park . There was very little traffic , so we got there in less than an hour .	You were lucky then . What did you do after that ?	Sure , we wouldn't miss it for anything . After that , we took a short cut to the park . There was very little traffic , so we got there in less than an hour .
dull-0185	It's located in the suburbs ? Well even though that sounds like a steal , I really want something downtown .	OK . Well the problem is that the apartments in the heart of the city are usually more expensive .	I know , that's my problem . What do you think I should do ?	OK . Well the problem is that the apartments in the heart of the city are usually more expensive .
dull-0186	I will take it . How much ?	$ 60 .	I am sure you can do better than that .	Sorry , sir . It's the sale price .	Well , what about $ 70 with a scarf ?	Sorry , sir . It's the sale price .
dull-0187	May I see your ticket and passport , PLS ?	Sure , here they are .	Any luggage ?	Just this suitcase .	Your backpack is very big and today's flight is quite full . I am afraid that you will have to check your backpack too .	No problem . What about this carry-on ?	You can take that with you .	Can I have an aisle seat , PLS .	No problem . I'll give you an aisle seat in the center row . And here is your ticket , passport and boarding pass . Please board the plane at Gate 15 .	Thank you . And when is the latest time for me to board the plane ?	15mins before the plane takes off . The plane is scheduled to leave on time .	Thank you very much !	15mins before the plane takes off . The plane is scheduled to leave on time .
dull-0188	Well , how did you enjoy your seaside trip ?	It was funny .	Tell me about it , will you ?	Well , we drove through the valley on our way there in the morning . It was a magnificent sight .	That is cool.
dull-0189	What kind of personality do you think you have ?	Wow, great question!
dull-0190	Lin's office supplies . How may I direct your call ?	Wow, great question!
dull-0191	I can't believe how hot it is .	It's not even noon yet .	That means it will get hotter .	I am dying from the heat .	Turn on the air conditioner .	It doesn't work .	What happened ?	That is a good question.
dull-0192	Hello , is Sue there ?	Who ?	I see.
dull-0193	Hey Jimmy . Let's go workout later today .	Sure . What time do you want to go ?	How about at 3:30 ?	That sounds good . Today we work on Legs and forearm .	Hey . I just played basketball earlier , so my legs are a little sore . Let's work out on arms and stomach today .	That sounds good . Today we work on Legs and forearm .
dull-0194	Hi , Victor . How are you ?	Oh , I'm fine .	So , are you going to go to class tonight ?	Wow, great question!
dull-0195	I have puzzled my brain about how to teach the children .	What is your problem ?	My children can never be obedient even if I criticized them severely .	I love that.
dull-0196	Is there anything wrong ?	I ’ m worried about my daughter . She can ’ t decide about college .	Don ’ t worry . That ’ s just a part of being a teenager .	I don ’ t mind that . But she disagrees with me about everything .	You should encourage her to make up her mind by herself . You shouldn ’ t affect her decision .	But I just want to give her some tips .	You should encourage her to make up her mind by herself . You shouldn ’ t affect her decision .
dull-0197	hello ! What are you reading about in the newspaper ?	hello ! I was exhausted form studying , so I decided to read the newspaper to relax . Unfortunately , the news is so depressing . There has been another murder in the city center . I ’ m shocked that the pole	people are starting to get frightened by it . Everyone will be relieved when they finally catch the murder .	hello ! I was exhausted form studying , so I decided to read the newspaper to relax . Unfortunately , the news is so depressing . There has been another murder in the city center . I ’ m shocked that the pole
dull-0198	We have been over this a hundred times ! We are not getting a pet !	Why not ? Come on ! Just a cute little puppy . or a kitty !	Who is going to look after a dog or a cat ?	I will ! I ’ ll feed it , bathe it and walk it every day ! We can get a Labrador or a German Shepard !	I love that.
dull-0199	Jeff , look at this listing ! It says there is a cozy studio apartment for rent , and it's only $ 700 per month . What do you think ?	Well I think I can afford that apartment . But are pets allowed ?	Hmm ... let me look . Yes , it says it's a pet-friendly building .	I see.
dull-0200	My friend Jean is very beautiful .	What's her figure ?	Let me think what I have to say about that!
dull-0201	Are you going to vote ?	Of course ! Are you ?	I plan to , but what day is the election ?	You should know that .	Can you just tell me ?	The election is this Tuesday .	Are you serious ?	The election is this Tuesday .
dull-0202	Sybil . Is that spelt with an I or a Y ?	Both actually . S , Y , B , I , L .	Wow.
dull-0203	You received a letter in the mail .	Give it here .	Who ’ s the letter from ?	I think it ’ s my acceptance letter from NYU .	I want to know what it says .	They didn ’ t accept me .	Are you serious ?	It ’ s the truth .	Wow.
dull-0204	Morning , Zina . Just wanted to say thanks again !	Hi , Vince . Thanks for stopping by . How's the work coming along for the online auction ?	That is a good question.
dull-0205	Hey , Blake ! Are you still listening to Mozart ?	Yes.Do you like it ?	Let me think what I have to say about that!
dull-0206	Excuse me Miao Li . Could you tell me who Jackie Chan is ?	Let me think what I have to say about that!
dull-0207	May I come in ?	Yes , please . I ’ m Mr . Peter , the Director of Personnel . What can I do for you ?	Nice to meet you , Mr . Peter . I ’ m Wang Sian . I ’ Ve come for an interview as requested .	Oh , yes . How do you do , Miss Wang ? Sit down , please .	Thank you .	What was your major in school ?	I majored in Public Relations .	Have you done any work in this field ?	Yes , after my graduation , I worked in a trade company in Macao for one year .	What section did you work in ?	The export Business Section .	I love that.
dull-0208	Hi , Alice , what are you doing this sunday ?	Nothing really , why , what ' s up ?	If you are free , maybe you would like to go to a small party and having for my birthday party . It will be fun , you will get to know lots of people .	Sounds great , I'd very much like to accept your invitation , thanks , when ?	Around six pm .	Do you need help setting up or anything ? I don't mind . I like to do that kind of thing . It's fun and I have a good eye for decorating .	Let me think what I have to say about that!
dull-0209	Bob !	Anne ! I haven't seen you for ages.How ' Ve you been ?	Fine , just fine.And you ?	Not bad.It really is great to see you again.Where have you been ?	I am happy for you!
dull-0210	excuse me , could you tell me which line I ’ m supposed to stand in to buy bubble wrap and to post a package ?	you can buy the bubble wrap here , but you ’ ll have to stand in line over here to post your passage .	That is good.
dull-0211	what did you do last night ?	I just stayed at home and watched TV .	did you watch the Barcelona versus Madrid game ?	yes , it was a very evenly matched game .	what were the results of the game ?	it ended in a tie .	what was the actual score ?	it was three all .	really ? I thought Barcelona was going to win . They are a much better team than Madrid .	if Barcelona had played as they normally do , they should have won .	what happened ?	their goalkeepers got injured after the first goal , but he kept on playing anyway .	that explains it .	how many more games are left this season ?	that was the last game before the playoffs .	when do the playoffs start ?	in a few weeks . Are you planning on watching them ?	of course ! I really love watching football games on TV .	Me , too ! Do you want to come over and watch the next game at my place ? I'm planning on having a few people over to watch it together .	of course ! I really love watching football games on TV .
dull-0212	Oh , hi , Jessica , are you going to see this movie too ?	I'd love to , the movies are smash hit .	Then let's go in .	I can't . I'm waiting for Paul , but he's late .	I'll say the movie's starting in the minute .	I can't . I'm waiting for Paul , but he's late .
dull-0213	Excuse me . I bought this shirt yesterday , but I would like to refund it .	Gave me the receipt , please .	Here is my receipt .	What's wrong with it ?	Wow, great question!
dull-0214	What ’ s the Mountaineering Club doing this weekend ?	We are going to climb a cliff on the Colorado River .	How hard is the climb ?	That is a great question.
dull-0215	Is there anything wrong ?	I ’ m worried about my daughter . She can ’ t decide about college .	I am very happy to hear that.
dull-0216	Hello , Nancy , nice to see you .	Nice to see you , too . I heard you are a staff of Nokia company .	Yes , I ’ m satisfied with this job .	Congratulations . What did you do during the interview ?	Pay more attention to the external expressions , because they are important for the first impression . Good manner and style of conversation can let other feel your good self-cultivation . Good gestures and mien can let other feel very comfortable .	Nice!
dull-0217	What happened , John ?	Nothing .	That is great.
dull-0218	How many people are there in your family ?	Five.My father , mother , brother , sister-in-law and me .	Is your brother older or younger than you ?	Five.My father , mother , brother , sister-in-law and me .
dull-0219	Good evening , madam . Can I help you ?	Yes . I bought this sheet here yesterday .	Anything wrong with it ?	Wow, great question!
dull-0220	Good morning . Thank you for the interview .	No problem . Now , do you prefer working with others or flying solo ?	Actually , I enjoy both .	So , what is most important to you in a job ? Do you need job security or professional growth and a chance to advance ?	I need job security .	Would you be able to relocate ?	I am open to relocating .	What are your annual salary requirements ?	I need at least 75,000 per year .	Nice!
dull-0221	Good afternoon !	Good afternoon ! Sit down , please.How are you ?	I'm very well , thank you.How are you ?	Very well too , thank you very much.Isn ' t it a lovely day ?	That question does not make sense to me.
dull-0222	have you ever been invited to a Chinese feast ?	sure . Beijingers are distinguished for their warmth and hospitality .	as far as you could see , is dining at a Chinese table a distinct experience ? To what extent does it differ from that in your homeland ?	to begin with , I have to use chopsticks .	but you look quite proficient in using them now .	certainly . After all , I've been here for two years . It's not much uphill work for a foreigner to get used to Chinese dinner utensils . Though , I do feel hazy about how to behave appropriately at a Ch	but you look quite proficient in using them now .
dull-0223	We're thinking about going to America .	Have you thought about the cost ?	We're thinking about going to America .
dull-0224	How did you find your apartment ?	Wow, great question!
dull-0225	How did you find your apartment ?	You can check on the bulletin boards at school for local housing .	What if I need a roommate ?	There are websites that can hook you up with a roommate .	Nice!
dull-0226	How about eating out for a drink with me tonight .	Tonight ? I'm afraid I can't . I've promised Mark to go to the gym . Can we make it tomorrow ?	Wow, great question!
dull-0227	Have you ever gotten a parking ticket ?	I've never gotten one . Have you ?	That is amazing.
dull-0228	Diane Grant ? I haven't seen you for ages !	Brian ! How have you been ?	Pretty good . Say , you've really changed !	Oh , well , I've lost some weight . And my hair is longer than before .	Well , you look great ! How are you ?	Oh , well , I've lost some weight . And my hair is longer than before .
dull-0229	Hi , I'm George . I'll be your waiter this evening . Are you ready to order or do you need a few more minutes ?	I'm ready now . I'd like the roast chicken and a side order of corn .	And would you like an appetizer before your meal ? The soup of the day is our delicious tomato soup .	I don't know what you mean by that.
dull-0230	OK . Come back into the classroom , class .	Does the class start again , Mam ?	OK . Come back into the classroom , class .
dull-0231	Tell me about yourself and your past experience .	I have worked as an executive secretary for 5 years , first for trading companies , and now I am working for a trust company . I interact well with peers , clients , administrators and bosses . I thrive on challenge and work well in high-stress environments .	How are your typing and shorthand skills ?	I can type 100 Chinese words a minute and take dictation in English at 150 words a minute .	Can you operate computers skillfully ?	Yes , I can . I have received some special training in computers . Besides I am good at operating common office machines , such as fax machines and duplicating machines .	Sometimes we are very busy and need to work overtime . How do you feel about that ?	That's all right . But could you tell me how often and how many hours I should work overtime ?	It just depends . If we have important visiting delegations , you have to stay with us . It's not unusual .	Mr . Smith , I's like to ask you a question .	OK , please .	What specific duties would I perform if I am hired ?	Nothing different from a secretary's common responsibilities . However , you know , our company is an international trade-oriented company , can you handle English papers and write English correspondence ?	Yes . I specialized in English secretary studies at college and that's one of the main parts of my present job .	What are your salary expectations ?	I really need more information about the job before we start to discuss salary . Maybe you could tell me what is budgeted for the position .	The starting monthly salary would be ¥ 2,000 , with rises after the half year according to your competence .	I think it's acceptable and I really like the job . And when can I know the decision ?	The starting monthly salary would be ¥ 2,000 , with rises after the half year according to your competence .
dull-0232	The stepmother was very wicked . She couldn't stand a happy smile on the boy's face .	And ?	The stepmother was very wicked . She couldn't stand a happy smile on the boy's face .
dull-0233	I want some cosmetics.Could you recommend some ?	I don't have a good answer to that.
dull-0234	Good morning , Passport , please .	Here you are .	Ah , thank you.Please bring your luggage here for inspection .	Ok.But is there anything wrong ?	It's just a regular inspection . Do you have anything to declare ?	Nice!
dull-0235	Hi . What's your name ?	My name is Jung Min . What's your name ?	My name is Jessica . It's nice to meet you .	Yes . It's nice to meet you too . Are you a new student too ?	No . I'm a sophomore . I take it you are a new student ?	Nice!
dull-0236	Excuse me , can you tell me the name of the book you read ?	Harry Potter .	Harry Potter ? Is that book funny ?	Actually , the language itself is not so funny , but you can imagine the scene , that's funny .	Got it .	Have you ever read this book before ?	No , but my little brother likes it very much .	It's really a good book . You will like it too .	I'll try to read it . Actually , I like literature very much .	Wow , that sounds like a scholar . By the way , who's your favorite writer ?	Jane Austen .	Me too . Pride and Prejudice is my favorite .	Jane Austen .
dull-0237	Hello , is this the ABC company ?	Yes , may I help you ?	That is a good question.
dull-0238	Good evening , madam . Can I help you ?	Yes . I bought this sheet here yesterday .	Anything wrong with it ?	Yes . I bought this sheet here yesterday .
dull-0239	We're thinking about going to America .	Have you thought about the cost ?	There is that .	I am happy for you!
dull-0240	You've heard of Bruce Jenner , haven't you ?	He won the decathlon in the 1976 Olympics , right ?	I am happy for you!
dull-0241	Did you set your clock forward for daylight savings time ?	What ? Why do we have to do that ?	Well , at the start of the spring we usually have more daylight in the mornings and less in the afternoon . This is basically due to our position on the planet and the rotation of the earth . In any case , to take better advantage of the daylight available , we compensate by moving our clocks forward one hour .	I see . That ’ s convenient ! I never understood things like this , such as GMT . I never know what time zone we are in or when to change my clock !	That just stands for Greenwich Mean Time . Here in California , we are in Pacific Standard Time , that is eight time zones west of Greenwich . Remember when we were in Beijing ? Well , then we were in China Standard Time , and that ’ s eight time zones east of Greenwich !	I see . That ’ s convenient ! I never understood things like this , such as GMT . I never know what time zone we are in or when to change my clock !
dull-0242	I didn ’ t receive an unemployment check this week and need to know why .	Did you mail us your last Continued Claim Form ?	That question does not make sense to me.
dull-0243	What ’ s the Mountaineering Club doing this weekend ?	We are going to climb a cliff on the Colorado River .	How hard is the climb ?	It is a very difficult climb because there are not many places to put your hands and feet .	What did you do last week ?	We rappelled down the side of 300 - foot cliff . It was very exciting .	I am happy for you!
dull-0244	It's located in the suburbs ? Well even though that sounds like a steal , I really want something downtown .	OK . Well the problem is that the apartments in the heart of the city are usually more expensive .	I know , that's my problem . What do you think I should do ?	OK . Well the problem is that the apartments in the heart of the city are usually more expensive .
dull-0245	Man , I'm hungry . Do you know a good place to have lunch ?	Yes , I know a great place . What types of food do you like ?	Mexican , Japanese or Chinese would be great .	Oh , I know a place where you might like to eat .	Is it close by ?	I don't have a good answer to that.
dull-0246	Tell me about yourself .	I was born and raised in Beijing . I attended Peking University and received my bachelor's degree in Economics . I have worked for 2 years as a financial consultant in Beijing for China Pacific Insurance Co . Ltd .	What type of position are you looking for ?	I'm looking for a position in which I can utilize my experience .	Are you interested in a full-time or part-time position ?	I am more interested in a full-time position . However , I would also consider a part-time position .	Can you tell me about your responsibilities at your last job ?	I advised customers on financial matters . After I consulted the customer , I completed a customer inquiry form and catalogued the information in our database . I then collaborated with colleagues to prepare the best possible package for the client . The clients were then presented with a summarized report on their financial activities that I formulated on a quarterly basis .	What is your greatest strength ?	Let me think what I have to say about that!
dull-0247	May I help you with something ?	I would like to return some books .	I ’ ll take them .	Here you go .	I ’ ll take them .
dull-0248	Excuse me , are you Mrs . Green from England ?	Yes , I am .	I see.
dull-0249	Hey , Tom , did you enjoy your lunch ?	Oh , don't mention it . It was terrible .	What ' the matter ?	The food station was as crowded as usual . I waited for 20 minutes for my sandwich , and when I finally got it the chicken was underdone .	I see . You simply can't blame the server for this .	Yes , I know . Fast food is so popular in this district .	That's true .	Anyway , how was your such , Catherine ?	It was good . I brought lunch from home today .	You did ? I thought you must feel right at home here as we get as many fast food restaurants as you do in America .	Well , I personally don't like them because I don't believe that they are healthy .	I guess you're right . More often than not , people go there only for convenience . The foods may taste good , but generally speaking , they are high in calories , salt and fat .	Yes . I am wondering that you must believe fast food is our lifestyle , don't you ?	I guess you're right . More often than not , people go there only for convenience . The foods may taste good , but generally speaking , they are high in calories , salt and fat .
dull-0250	Why didn't you tell me you had a girlfriend ?	Sorry , I thought you knew .	But you should have told me you were in love with her .	Didn't I ?	You know you didn't .	That is great.
dull-0251	This is such a beautiful day ! Great for sailing !	It sure is ! The water looks so nice ! Anchor the boat for a little while . I ’ m going to take a dip .	Why are you doggy-paddling ? I taught you how to swim ! Do your breast stroke !	I don't have a good answer to that.
dull-0252	You're made a good choice . This china tea set is unusual .	Where was it from ?	You're made a good choice . This china tea set is unusual .
dull-0253	Are you going to buy a bicycle ?	I ’ m thinking about it . How much is it ?	¥ 350 .	Oh , dear . It ’ s too expensive . Can you give me a better price ?	¥ 350 .
dull-0254	Joe , how are you doing ?	I am great ! How about you , Mary ? How are you ?	Nice!
dull-0255	How would you like your hair set ?	That is a great question.
dull-0256	Has Robert ever missed coming to one of our parties ?	That is a good question.
dull-0257	Wei ! This is a first-you didn't bargain !	Bargain ? I'd feel way too guilty .	I don't know what you mean by that.
dull-0258	I'm searching for an old music box .	You came to the right place . Any particular decade ?	I don't have a good answer to that.
dull-0259	Are you an art aficionado ?	Not really . I like going to an art exhibition once or twice a year . I hardly know anything about art or sculpture . You are a true art lover , aren ’ t you ?	I love going to art galleries , particularly when one is holding an exhibition of abstract art .	I never understand the meaning of those painting . They are too abstract for me . I didn ’ t pay much attention in art class at school .	Art isn ’ t for everyone . I ’ m going to an exhibition tomorrow at the national gallery . It ’ s an exhibition of greek and roman sculpture .	I never understand the meaning of those painting . They are too abstract for me . I didn ’ t pay much attention in art class at school .
dull-0260	Excuse me , what's the time difference between Tokyo and London ?	8 hours . Tokyo is 8 hours earlier than London .	It's one day more or one day less from Tokyo to London ?	Wow, great question!
dull-0261	I need help with the office party .	Yes , of course . We could split it . What part would you like to do , the food or the entertainment ?	I need help with the office party .
dull-0262	I give up ! I simply can't learn French !	Why do you say that ? I think you're making a lot of progress .	I give up ! I simply can't learn French !
dull-0263	I'm a little nervous .	Don't worry . You'll be fine . First of all , put on your seat belt . Adjust the mirrors .	You don't think I'll need the seat belt , do you ?	Of course not . But it's a good habit to put it on every time you drive .	Just in case , right ?	Of course not . But it's a good habit to put it on every time you drive .
dull-0264	Why are you so quiet ?	My girlfriend just broke up with me .	You must feel terrible now .	Yeah .	I remember my first break up . It was the worst feeling in the world . I was crying everyday for three months . And slowly , it got better . I know you'll feel better too .	You've been through this too ?	Yeah . I remember it very clearly . The pain makes it easy to remember . I know you're really hurting right now , but you know many people experience break ups .	But it hurts too much .	I know it's painful , but it's only temporary . After the pain goes away , you'll find other girls .	What if I don't want to find another girl ?	I know it's painful , but it's only temporary . After the pain goes away , you'll find other girls .
dull-0265	What kind of gas does this car take ?	I don't know . It's a rental .	I will give you premium unleaded . Alright ?	Sure , why not ?	That is the pump you are in front of .	Is it expensive ?	It is the most expensive .	Well , I don't want it then . Can I move to another pump ?	Yes , I can give you regular unleaded . But you have to back up the car a little .	Give me regular unleaded then . I will back up.Can you wash my windows for me ?	I'm sorry , sir . This is not a full service gas station . I will help you fill the gas , but we don't wash windows here .	That is great.
dull-0266	Hey , Tom , did you enjoy your lunch ?	Oh , don't mention it . It was terrible .	What ' the matter ?	That is a great question.
dull-0267	Excuse me , Sir , do you know what time it is ?	Oh , it ’ s almost eleven twenty .	Thank you .	You ’ re welcome . The rain is quite heavy , isn ’ t it ?	Yeah . I was in a hurry and I forgot my umbrella today .	That is cool.
dull-0268	Will you be voting ?	I can ’ t wait to vote .	Who are you voting for ?	The person I ’ m voting for is the best .	What do you like about him ?	I don't have a good answer to that.
dull-0269	What's wrong with you ?	I have a sore throat and headache .	Do you feel tired ?	Yes , my whole body feels weak . And I really feel terrible .	I like that.
dull-0270	Have you enjoyed your weekend ?	Yes , it's been marvelous . It really was very kind of you to invite me . I hope it hasn't been too much trouble .	That is good.
dull-0271	Excuse me , what's the time difference between Tokyo and London ?	8 hours . Tokyo is 8 hours earlier than London .	I am very happy to hear that.
dull-0272	Hello sir , how may I help you ?	I would like to buy some flowers , please . Something really nice .	I see , may I ask what the occasion is ?	It ’ s not really an occasion , it ’ s more like I ’ m sorry .	I am happy for you!
dull-0273	I need to get my high speed internet installed .	You'll need to make an appointment .	Could I do that right now , please ?	What day would you like us to do the installation ?	Is Friday good ?	We're only available at 3	You can't come any earlier than that ?	I'm sorry . That's the only available time .	I see.
dull-0274	Unfortunately , according to our regulations I have to confiscate these counterfeit notes .	So , this 500 RIB is worthless ?	I'm sorry but it is our regulation , so I must follow it . We will issue you with a receipt to show that the notes you presented us with are counterfeit and have been confiscated . Then , if you wish to pay in some more cash , you are free to do so .	That is cool.
dull-0275	Could you show me what you've got ?	We've got several good chicken dishes if you like chicken .	We'll try one of your specials this time .	We've got several good chicken dishes if you like chicken .
dull-0276	Hey , Tom , did you enjoy your lunch ?	Wow, great question!
dull-0277	How silly of you to jump out of the window !	But that was the first thing that came into my mind when I heard the shout earthquake !	Why not use staircases ? The terror was not so violent at that time .	That would be too late .	Maybe the situation is too urgent .	That would be too late .
dull-0278	Have you enjoyed your weekend ?	That question does not make sense to me.
dull-0279	Is there anything worth watching on another channel ?	I think there ’ s a Western on .	Do you mind if we watch it . I ’ d really like to see it .	Well , I really wanted to see the football game .	Football game ? Ok , and you know what comes on next ?	I believe there ’ s a sitcom .	That is amazing.
dull-0280	Shall we share a taxi ?	Where are you heading now ?	I want to go back to my college on the Huanghe road.It is very close to your house .	Is that the university next to the Teachers ' College ?	I want to go back to my college on the Huanghe road.It is very close to your house .
dull-0281	Hi Jim . Do you have a minute ?	Sure , what ’ s up ?	Some of us are going to start a soccer team . Would you like to join us ?	That is amazing.
dull-0282	Over here is our gym . We have all the latest equipment .	But I haven't used exercising equipment before . Can you tell us some more details ?	That is a great question.
dull-0283	Do you like ethnic food ?	I do ! My favorites are Mexican , Thai , and Indian .	Really ? Have you ever tried Moroccan ?	I can't say that I have . What are the basic ingredients ?	That is amazing.
dull-0284	OK . Come back into the classroom , class .	Does the class start again , Mam ?	Yes , but to the heath , this break has long enough .	That is amazing.
dull-0285	What happened , John ?	Nothing .	Why do you look unhappy ?	I don't know what you mean by that.
dull-0286	So tell me , what's the difference between the Board of Directors , the CEO , and the stockholders ? They all seems ot be the same group of people to me ...	No , there's a definite difference . You know , the stockholders are the people who own the company ... they're the financial control system . Then there's the CEO — the chief executive officer . He's the hot shot , the main guy who is the boss . If there is only one person with absolute power in the organization , everyone knows that the power will go to their head . It's too dangerous . That's the reason for a Board of Directors . The board is made up of people who are experts in the industry . They could be related to the organization , but more commonly , they are independent and non-biased .	I am happy for you!
dull-0287	Excuse me . I am looking for a book called Little Women , but I can't find it anywhere .	Let me see . I am sorry we just have sold it out .	Will you have it later ?	Let me see . I am sorry we just have sold it out .
dull-0288	Can you direct me to Holiday inn ?	That question does not make sense to me.
dull-0289	What's the matter , John ? you seemed to be restless today .	You see , I've been offered a new job . I can't decide whether to take it or not .	Oh , that's easy . If it's better than the one you are doing now , go for it . That's my advice .	It isn't that easy . I hate to quit my present job . People around here are very nice and the work itself is challenging .	Oh , that's easy . If it's better than the one you are doing now , go for it . That's my advice .
dull-0290	Jeff , I'm going to the supermarket . Do you want to come with me ?	I think the supermarket is closed now .	Oh , When does it close ?	It closes at 7:00 on Sundays .	That's too bad .	Don't worry , we can go tomorrow morning . It opens at 8: 00 .	Alright . What do you want to do now ?	Let's take a walk for a half an hour . My sister will get here at about 8: 30PM and then we can all go out to dinner .	Where does she live ?	Let's take a walk for a half an hour . My sister will get here at about 8: 30PM and then we can all go out to dinner .
dull-0291	It's time for bed .	But I'm not sleepy , Mum . Can I stay and watch more TV ?	It's already half past eleven . You have school tomorrow . You'll sleepy all tomorrow , if you don't sleep well tonight .	I know . But I promise I won't be sleepy tomorrow . I work really hard .	Don't you have the exams coming up soon ? I'm sure you could spend more time preparing for those .	Oh , I nearly forgot the exams .	You do well in maths , but your history is not good enough . Am I right ?	Oh , I nearly forgot the exams .
dull-0292	Wow , Amy , look at that number .	What's so great about it ?	What do you mean ? It's a scrim .	Not to me , I wouldn't be caught dead in that .	I love that kind of stuff .	Yeah , you seem to like those styles .	Sure do . I get a kick out of looking punk .	This one looks really expensive though .	I don't care how much it costs . I'm rolling in it .	Lucky you ! I can't buy anything else . I'm flat broke .	I got a replace my party outfit , I trashed it last week .	Why did you drag me into this ? I've spent a week salary .	Are you on the level ? You're the one who called me , remember ?	I see.
dull-0293	I think Yoga might be suitable for me .	Why ?	Because it doesn't require a lot of energy and thus easy to keep up .	But I see people sweat a lot doing Yoga too .	I don't know . I just need to try it once . I'm in urgent need of some exercise to lose some weight .	But I see people sweat a lot doing Yoga too .
dull-0294	I will take it . How much ?	I don't know what you mean by that.
dull-0295	After the financial crisis , many industries are in incredibly cloudy situations . How do you think about our company ?	I don't have a good answer to that.
dull-0296	You mustn't touch the wet paint , Bill .	I'm sorry . I won't do it again .	You mustn't touch the wet paint , Bill .
dull-0297	The boss announces the pay raise today , right ? How much do you think we'll get ?	That is a good question.
dull-0298	How much is it all together ?	Let me see . The bell-bottom pants are $ 90 and the coat is $ 120 . It comes to $ 210 .	Is it possible for you to reduce the price ?	Let me see . The bell-bottom pants are $ 90 and the coat is $ 120 . It comes to $ 210 .
dull-0299	Let's do something outdoors today .	All right . But I don't want to play tennis . We played tennis last weekend .	Okay . what do you want to do ?	I want to go jogging .	I am very happy to hear that.
dull-0300	What's wrong with you ?	I have a sore throat and headache .	Do you feel tired ?	I have a sore throat and headache .
dull-0301	Where do you plan to go this winter ?	That is a great question.
dull-0302	what was your wedding ceremony like , Abigail ?	my husband and I got married in a registry office with just two friends there as witnesses . But then we had three parties to celebrate .	three parties ? That's quite a lot . That must have been expensive !	well , since my husband and I are from two different countries , and we live in a third country , we decided to have one in each country . It wasn't actually that expensive .	were your parents upset that they weren't there to see you get married ?	I would have liked them to be there , but they couldn ’ t afford to fly out to see us , and we couldn't afford to fly out to see them , so they understood .	did your husband's family get to meet your family ?	my husband's parents flew out to meet my family when we got married in my hometown , so that was great . Some people spend ridiculous amounts of money on extravagant wedding receptions , but we agreed t	Wow.
dull-0303	Can I get my dress today ?	You have ordered a red dress , is that right ?	Yes . Is that available now ?	I like that.
dull-0304	Good morning . May I help you ?	Yes , I'd like to check out now . My name's Adams , room 312 . Here's the key .	One moment , please , sir . ... Here's your bill . Would you like to check and see if the amount is correct ?	What's the 14 pounds for ?	I like that.
dull-0305	What would you like for Christmas ?	I would like to have that new style Gl Joe .	That is amazing.
dull-0306	Very glad to know something about you , then what are you going to do when you finish .	Oh , I ’ ll go to shanghai to practice there .	Very glad to know something about you , then what are you going to do when you finish .
dull-0307	Do you have sport shirts for ladies ?	Wow, great question!
dull-0308	Why are you so quiet ?	My girlfriend just broke up with me .	You must feel terrible now .	Yeah .	I remember my first break up . It was the worst feeling in the world . I was crying everyday for three months . And slowly , it got better . I know you'll feel better too .	You've been through this too ?	That is a good question.
dull-0309	What do you think I should do , doctor ?	Why don't you try Chinese herbal medicine ?	Is it useful for me ?	You have to try at least .	OK . Thanks a lot .	You have to try at least .
dull-0310	It is too bad today .	What happened ?	My som was lost . I told him to stand rooted to the spot when I went shopping , but he ignored it .	How did you find him at last ?	It was the police wo helped me to do that .	Awesome!
dull-0311	The weather is terrible .	Yeah . It's been raining a lot these days .	I have been watching a lot of videos at home because of the constant rain .	Yeah . It's been raining a lot these days .
dull-0312	Have you decided what you ’ re going to do during your holiday ?	Yes . I ’ m going to travel around Europe .	Wow , that sounds great ! Where are you going ?	That is a good question.
dull-0313	Were you able to attend Friday night's basketball game ?	I was unable to make it .	You should have been there . It was intense .	Is that right . Who ended up winning ?	Our team was victorious .	I wish I was free that night . I'm kind of mad that I didn't go .	It was a great game .	What was the score at the end of the game ?	Our team won 101-98 .	Sounds like it was a close game .	That's the reason it was such a great game .	Sounds like it was a close game .
dull-0314	Hello , I want to apply for the position of an usher in your restaurant .	Welcome . One of your duties is to know the number of the customer and accept reservation .	Hello , I want to apply for the position of an usher in your restaurant .
dull-0315	Good afternoon . I'd like to speak with Tom Smith .	I'm afraid he's away from his desk at the moment .	Do you know when he will be back ?	He's away on a business trip . He won't be back until some time next week .	Is there some way I can get into contact with him ?	The best way to reach him is by cell phone . I'll give you his number .	Thanks . And could I have his e-mail , just in case I can't get him by phone ?	Sure . His cell phone is 09112223 33 . And his e-mail is lower case t , smith--that's one word , at , c , c , w , dot , com , dot , t , w .	Thank you so much . Does he read his e-mails daily ?	Yes . He usually replies immediately .	Great . Thanks again . You've been very helpful .	Yes . He usually replies immediately .
dull-0316	Hi , I think I was supposed to call for my test results today .	If you go onto our website and put in your password , you can access your test results .	Are you saying that there weren ’ t any problems ?	I will always have you come in for a discussion if there is a major problem .	I love that.
dull-0317	Have you enjoyed your weekend ?	Yes , it's been marvelous . It really was very kind of you to invite me . I hope it hasn't been too much trouble .	That is great.
dull-0318	As we know , mobile phones bring people great convenience and shorten the distance among friends and relatives .	It bears a great many of advantages , but also some weak points .	Is it ? I've never thought of any disadvantages of the mobile phone .	For instance , the mobile phone seriously distracts the attention of people from work and study .	That's true . Some people pay too much attention to their mobile phones .	For instance , the mobile phone seriously distracts the attention of people from work and study .
dull-0319	So , Paula , where are you from ?	I'm from Canada , originally .	From Canada ? Where were you born ?	Montreal .	When did you come to Los Angeles ?	We moved here when I was fourteen .	That is great.
dull-0320	Do you think they two will get married ?	Yeah , you can count on it .	That is amazing.
dull-0321	Good afternoon . I've brought the extra blanket you asked for .	Oh , thank you .	Is there anything I can do for you now ?	Yes . I'm rather tired and want to go to bed early . Please make the bed .	I like that.
dull-0322	I heard that you finished my home inspection , and I was wondering how it went .	First of all , we need to understand what I was looking for . Do you know what the purpose of an inspection is ?	I am not sure what a home inspection is all about .	I went there to check for problems with the home , so you aren ’ t surprised when you move in .	I am not sure what a home inspection is all about .
dull-0323	How long will you stay in New York ?	Just tor three days . I won't need these luggages.CouId I put them here ?	That question does not make sense to me.
dull-0324	Did you get Bean's ten different good luck forwards , like that one from the Dalai Lama ?	Yeah , I deleted all that superstitious crap . What a waste of bandwidth !	I figured I might as well send one or two of them out . Maybe my luck will get better .	Yeah , I deleted all that superstitious crap . What a waste of bandwidth !
dull-0325	Excuse me . I have an appointment with Mr . Li at nine . May I come in ?	Yes , come in please . I am Mr . Li . You must be My Liu , right ?	Yes , I am My Liu . Thanks .	I'd like to start this interview with some questions . Why do you think you are qualified for this position ?	According to your advertisement , you want an experienced software engineer . I think my background meets the requirement of this position .	Then tell me something about your background .	My major was computer science when I was at college , and I am quite familiar with Visual C + + and Java language .	Well , what do you think about the development in computers ?	The developments in software are going ahead very quickly and more and more problems are resolved by software . In some regions , the hardware is completely replaced by software . So I think the software industry has a great future .	Have you ever designed any programs concerning network ?	Yes , I have designed some programs for the network with Visual C + + and I have passed the test for programmers - MUSE .	Have you got anything to ask me ?	Yes , can you tell me what's my responsibility in this position ?	I am happy for you!
dull-0326	What ’ s on TV tonight ?	Not much , that new reality-TV show , Ally McNeal , oooo , Dark Angel .	Wait a second . I want to watch Ally McNeal .	Oh , come on . That ’ s such a girl ’ s show .	No it ’ s not . It ’ s just funny .	Yeah , if you ’ re a girl .	Well , you just want to watch Dark Angel because of the hot girl .	That ’ s not true . Dark Angel is a good show .	It ’ s story is just an excuse to get the girl dressed up in different tight outfits .	O . K . , O . K . Let ’ s forget it . There ’ s a football game on too .	It ’ s story is just an excuse to get the girl dressed up in different tight outfits .
dull-0327	How do you decide what grade we get ?	I look at many things , attendance , quizzes , and tests .	What is the most important factor ?	I look at many things , attendance , quizzes , and tests .
dull-0328	Who's it knocking at the door ?	I think it's the postman.Will you go and open the door ?	I am happy for you!
dull-0329	Henry married Rose only after her father's money , didn't he ?	Yeah . But he soon feel regretted for it .	I like that.
dull-0330	Hey , Blake ! Are you still listening to Mozart ?	Yes.Do you like it ?	It's great . and I ' Ve heard that listening to Mozart can make you more intelligent .	Really ? I've never heard that before . I just like it .	Is classical music your favorite ?	Yes . What about you ?	I Like pop music best . Classical music is a bit too heavy for me . I can't get fully relaxed in it .	Pop music doesn't have any depth for me .	Yeah , that's why I can enjoy myself in it .	Did you always like pop music .	I think so , since I was in primary school . How long have you been interested in classical music .	I didn't like it at all until I started to learn violin when I was eight . From then on . classical music has been an important part of my life .	oh , I didn't know you can play the violin . Do you still play .	I didn't like it at all until I started to learn violin when I was eight . From then on . classical music has been an important part of my life .
dull-0331	I don ’ t want you to be worried , but our son has some bad habits now . He says painful words everyday .	What words ? Can you tell me ?	He says kick mommy , beat mommy , don ’ t want mommy , very quickly if I do something that he doesn ’ t like . You know , if I wash his face or change his clothes , things like that .	I am happy for you!
dull-0332	It's time for bed .	But I'm not sleepy , Mum . Can I stay and watch more TV ?	That is a great question.
dull-0333	Lin's office supplies . How may I direct your call ?	Marry Lin please .	Nice!
dull-0334	I would wondering if you like to stay here for a few days .	It really depends on when and how long	I would wondering if you like to stay here for a few days .
dull-0335	Honey , I ’ ll be right back !	Where are you going ?	I told you already ! I ’ m going to get my nails done .	Again ? You just went last week ! You spend more time at the nail salon than you do here at home ! Honestly , why do you need a manicure every week ?	I don't know what you mean by that.
dull-0336	are you a blogger ?	sure I am . I've been writing a blog for almost three years .	oh , it seems that I'm the only one who never blogs . When did you get started ?	I began blogging when I first went to the US for my graduate strides .	what do you usually write about ?	at first , I'll write about my life there . Like interesting things on the campus , travel stories , special English words that I come across . Sometimes , I'll post my pictures on my blog so my family an	that's interesting . How often do you write a blog ?	at first , I'll write about my life there . Like interesting things on the campus , travel stories , special English words that I come across . Sometimes , I'll post my pictures on my blog so my family an
dull-0337	how are you ?	I ’ m fine , thanks . Just trying to get adjusted . It ’ s hard to keep track of everything around here .	That ’ s for sure . You ’ re new , too , huh ?	I ’ m fine , thanks . Just trying to get adjusted . It ’ s hard to keep track of everything around here .
dull-0338	Isn't it wonderful walking here ?	What do you mean ?	I mean look at all these magnificent buildings around us .	Yes , look over there . That's the Empire State Building . My book says it's 102 stories tall .	It's quite famous but don't you think it looks a bit old-fashioned ?	You're right , but when it was built in 1930 it was a marvel of technology and engineering .	What other important buildings are we going to see on Fifth Avenue ?	That is a great question.
dull-0339	The stepmother was very wicked . She couldn't stand a happy smile on the boy's face .	And ?	And she did her best to pull out the thorn in her flesh and the boy lost whatever made him happy .	I love that.
dull-0340	Hello , Madam . What can we do for you today ?	Hi . I've been sent over from Turner Interiors . They said I need to collect some sort of L / C ? Do you have it ?	I certainly do . Here it is , an Export L / C from Tokyo .	It should be from Sayuri Beds . Is that right ?	Yes , it is . Sayuri Beds , Tokyo , Japan .	That's what I want ! Do you need me to sign anything ? Or fill in some forms ?	Yes , it is . Sayuri Beds , Tokyo , Japan .
dull-0341	I'd like to order breakfast , please .	What'd you like , madam ?	I'd like to order breakfast , please .
dull-0342	How can I help you ?	Yes , I am James Mason from Anderson and Associates . I would like to see Mr . Smith .	Awesome!
dull-0343	Hi , Alice , what are you doing this sunday ?	Nothing really , why , what ' s up ?	Awesome!
dull-0344	You're made a good choice . This china tea set is unusual .	Where was it from ?	It was made in Jingdezhen .	Jingdezhen ? Isn't it called ' the capital of porcelain ' ?	I don't have a good answer to that.
dull-0345	How can we develop a new brand image with no direction whatsoever ?	That is a great question.
dull-0346	Hello , this is Mike , Kara .	Mike ! Good to hear from you . How are you ?	Everything is fine , and how are you ?	Things are going well with me .	I like that.
dull-0347	Frank ’ s getting married , do you believe this ?	Is he really ?	Yes , he is . He loves the girl very much .	Who is he marring ?	A girl he met on holiday in Spain , I think .	Have they set a date for the wedding ?	A girl he met on holiday in Spain , I think .
dull-0348	Let's program your courses . Since you have had English literature , you should take American literature and American prose and fiction.You transcript indicate that your English background is strong , so I don't think you have any problem with it .	How many credits for each course ?	That is a great question.
dull-0349	Good afternoon . Can I be of service ?	I don't know . Can I purchase Treasury Certificates here at this counter ?	Yes , of course . We have Treasury Notes with two , three and five-year terms available .	Two years is fine , with a value of 1,000 RIB .	OK , could I take a look at some ID please , like a passport ?	Here you go . By the way , is it possible to cash them before the maturity comes up ?	That is good.
dull-0350	Take a seat inside and see what you think.So you will take the Porsche then , sir ?	Yes , and I want to buy the insurance too . I think it's necessary .	You're smart to buy it . At 45 dollars for three days , it is a good deal .	Can I return the car in San Francisco ?	San Francisco ? No , sir.We only have this office here . You will have to return it here .	Really ? I heard in America you can return rental cars in different cities .	That is amazing.
dull-0351	This is our rock-bottom price , Mr . Lee .	If that's the case . there's not much point in further discussion . We might as well call the whole deal off .	What I mean is that we'll never be able to come down to your price . The gap is too great .	I think it unwise for either of us to be inflexible . How about meeting each other halfway ?	What's your proposal ?	Wow.
dull-0352	Should we ask Jason to play ? He's always watching movies on HBO .	That is a good question.
dull-0353	hi , Bob , I am so glad that you came .	of course I'd come . I couldn't think of a better chance to see all my old friends .	yeah . It's hard to believe that it's been ten years since graduation . It feels just yesterday we collected our diplomas .	how time flies . But hey , how are things going with you ?	oh , where to start ? There have been ups and downs . I'm still trying to find my place in this world . It's only recently that I've been able to start settling down . How about you ? You still with Jenn	yeah , Jenny and I got married right after graduation . It was tough the first years trying to make ends meet . I was supporting us both while she continued her studies . But now things are getting better	I like that.
dull-0354	Have you got any better ?	Let me think what I have to say about that!
dull-0355	It is too bad today .	What happened ?	My som was lost . I told him to stand rooted to the spot when I went shopping , but he ignored it .	How did you find him at last ?	I don't know what you mean by that.
dull-0356	Hi , Sam . I want to buy a pet . Do you have any ideas ?	You really should go to Rachel's pet store .	Why ? anything special there ?	It's more than special . You can find as many kinds of animals as you can put a name to and more .	Oh , really ? are there any snakes ?	Snakes ? there are even rodents and monkeys ! it's a world of exotic pets .	I like that.
dull-0357	Excuse me . Do you mind if I try this on ?	Not at all . The changing rooms are just this way .	Thanks . It's a little tight . Do you have any in a larger size ?	Wow, great question!
dull-0358	That's all the general information of our company . I think you already have good knowledge about our company .	Yes , I have an overall understanding .	When we have the final results , we will call you .	Then when will I get a reply at the latest ?	If you pass the interview , the personnel department will inform you within two weeks .	But if I don't pass , will you call me ?	I'm sorry we won't . You can wait for two weeks . If you don't get a telephone call , it means that you weren't successful .	Nice!
dull-0359	I'm hungry .	So am I .	Where should we go eat today ?	How about we go eat in the cafeteria ?	I never bought food from the cafeteria .	You haven't ? They have a lot of good stuff .	What do they have ?	They sell everything .	I am very happy to hear that.
dull-0360	What did he say ?	He said he would tell us the secret of becoming a successful man .	It ’ s too good to be true ! If I were there , I would ask him if he himself was a successful man .	He said he would tell us the secret of becoming a successful man .
dull-0361	How are the children doing at sport ?	That is a great question.
dull-0362	Broadway Mall is having a big sale this weekend . You wanna go ?	Don't feel like it . I'm broke .	Well , we can still do some window shopping , can't we ?	That question does not make sense to me.
dull-0363	Good morning . Can I help you ?	Good morning . I ’ m here to see Rochelle Davis , the Human Resources Manager .	Do you have an appointment with her ?	Yes , I do . I have a 10:00 appointment with her this morning .	Okay . What ’ s your name , please ?	My name is Bruce Green .	Thanks . Please sit down . She ’ ll be with you shortly .	My name is Bruce Green .
dull-0364	It was really hard for our parents to save money when they were young .	Most people were living form hand to mouth . How could they ?	Yeah . They simply had no extra money to save up or for other things .	Awesome!
dull-0365	I ’ m pretty sure that Jim will turn out to be a good lawyer .	How can you be so sure ?	I ’ m pretty sure that Jim will turn out to be a good lawyer .
dull-0366	Gross ! What are you doing to yourself ?	Chill ! I'm just curling my eyelashes .	Wow.
dull-0367	It's located in the suburbs ? Well even though that sounds like a steal , I really want something downtown .	OK . Well the problem is that the apartments in the heart of the city are usually more expensive .	I like that.
dull-0368	Good morning . What's the matter with you ?	Good morning , doctor . I have a terrible headache .	All right , young man . Tell me how it got started .	Yesterday I had a runny nose . Now my nose is stuffed up . I have a sore throat . And I ’ m afraid I've got a temperature . I feel terrible .	Don't worry , young man . Lat me give you an examination . First let me take a look at your throat . Open your mouth and say'ah ' .	Ah .	Your throat is inflamed . And your tongue is heavily coated . You have all the symptoms of influenza .	What am I supposed to do then ?	A good rest is all you need , and drink more water . I'll write you a prescription .	That is amazing.
dull-0369	It's your turn now , Helen .	OK . I'm coming .	This is your song . I picked it for you .	Thank you . You are so considerate .	Push the red button on the mike to turn it on .	OK . This key is too high for me .	I think it's a piece of cake for you .	OK . This key is too high for me .
dull-0370	The boss announces the pay raise today , right ? How much do you think we'll get ?	No idea . Your guess is as good as mine .	That is amazing.
dull-0371	What can I get for you today ?	Could I get a hamburger , please ?	Would you like cheese on that ?	No , thank you .	Would you like a drink ?	Let me have a soda .	I like that.
dull-0372	Good morning , everyone . Let me introduce myself to you ...	You don't need to introduce yourself , Yang . You're famous .	Well , thank you very much but I thought l'd try and chair the meeting by the rule — at least for a while .	OK , OK !	Now , I'd like to get things under way . The main topic on today's agenda is the development of a U . S . sales strategy for the new EBB . I'd like to hear all of your ideas , Mr . Wall , you seem in top form today . Could you start the ball rolling ?	Uh , oh , sure . Well , I think we should keep in mind that the key to good sales is advertising .	Well , that's kind of obvious .	Uh , oh , sure . Well , I think we should keep in mind that the key to good sales is advertising .
dull-0373	You still have not given me those files I ’ Ve asked you for .	I ’ m sorry , Mr . Myers . I ’ Ve just been so busy today .	You still have not given me those files I ’ Ve asked you for .
dull-0374	Tell me about yourself .	I was born and raised in Beijing . I attended Peking University and received my bachelor's degree in Economics . I have worked for 2 years as a financial consultant in Beijing for China Pacific Insurance Co . Ltd .	What type of position are you looking for ?	I was born and raised in Beijing . I attended Peking University and received my bachelor's degree in Economics . I have worked for 2 years as a financial consultant in Beijing for China Pacific Insurance Co . Ltd .
dull-0375	Cindy , how come nearly all the prime-time TV shows are comedies ?	That's because Americans love sitcoms .	Sitcoms ?	Situation comedies . A sitcom is half an hour long and it airs weekly . Sitcom shows tend to be about ordinary people . If there is one thing that all the shows have in common , it is teaching wholesome values .	In Taiwan , prime-time shows are an hour long and most of them aren't comedies .	Situation comedies . A sitcom is half an hour long and it airs weekly . Sitcom shows tend to be about ordinary people . If there is one thing that all the shows have in common , it is teaching wholesome values .
dull-0376	I hear you are planning to travel abroad .	Yes . I'm going to the Untied States for travel . What places do you recommend ?	I don't have a good answer to that.
dull-0377	Will you be voting ?	I can ’ t wait to vote .	I see.
dull-0378	Do you want some dessert ?	No , thank you . Check , please .	Nice!
dull-0379	My granny is such a kind-hearted person . She is willing to help .	She does have a heart of gold .	My granny is such a kind-hearted person . She is willing to help .
dull-0380	What did you do today ?	I don't know what you mean by that.
dull-0381	Are you ready for the camping trip ?	All set . I've got my makeup , my Cds , and my portable TV set ...	Hello ! We're supposed to be getting back to nature .	Yeah , yeah . Anyway ... I'm packed . Are you ?	I've been packed for a week . All my stuff is in this backpack .	That is cool.
dull-0382	Excuse me . I have an appointment with Mr . Li at nine . May I come in ?	Yes , come in please . I am Mr . Li . You must be My Liu , right ?	Wow.
dull-0383	Every time when heroes came back from the battlefield , we took our hats off to them .	You were showing respect and admiration for them .	Every time when heroes came back from the battlefield , we took our hats off to them .
dull-0384	Susan is going to get a divorce .	How do you know that ?	Susan is going to get a divorce .
dull-0385	Hello , this is Mike , Kara .	Mike ! Good to hear from you . How are you ?	Everything is fine , and how are you ?	That is a great question.
dull-0386	OK . Come back into the classroom , class .	Does the class start again , Mam ?	That is a good question.
dull-0387	Bother the flies !	Where do they come from ?	Let me think what I have to say about that!
dull-0388	What do you think about the equipment in our company ?	We have to equip our company with a network of work stations at every office and show room as soon as possible .	I also realized this issue . And office automation is essential .	Besides , Internet tends to be more essential now in the information age .	Good idea . A network of work stations is helpful for our management .	And , to be frank , our copying machines are too slow ; our telephone system is limited in function .	Good idea . A network of work stations is helpful for our management .
dull-0389	I guess I'm just a little nervous . I'm giving everything I have to invoking , and ...	and what if it doesn't work out , right ?	Exactly .	You need to quit thinking like a loser . invoking is going to kick butt . You know how I know ?	Exactly .
dull-0390	OK . Come back into the classroom , class .	Does the class start again , Mam ?	Yes , but to the heath , this break has long enough .	Oh , breaktime flies .	Yes , but to the heath , this break has long enough .
dull-0391	Lin's office supplies . How may I direct your call ?	Marry Lin please .	I am very happy to hear that.
dull-0392	Do you speak only English in the class , or does your teacher explain everything to you in Spanish ?	Oh , we never speak Spanish in class ! Miss.Parker speaks to us only in English .	I suppose she's right . Does she speak English very slowly ?	Not always . Sometimes we don't understand her . Then she has to repeat what she said .	I am happy for you!
dull-0393	I guess I'm just a little nervous . I'm giving everything I have to invoking , and ...	and what if it doesn't work out , right ?	Exactly .	I see.
dull-0394	This is the best dinner I've ever had .	How about the soup ?	I've never tasted anything better .	I love that.
dull-0395	the James ’ s file , Christine ?	I don't have a good answer to that.
dull-0396	Can you tell that I ’ m excited ?	What are you excited about ?	I voted today .	Was this your first time ?	I just turned 18 a month ago .	You ’ re lucky .	What do you mean ?	Because you turned 18 in an election year .	I didn ’ t even think of that .	You didn ’ t ?	Let me think what I have to say about that!
dull-0397	pompous . How may I help you ?	Yes , I'd like to reserve a table for dinner .	That is very interesting.
dull-0398	You received a letter in the mail .	Give it here .	Who ’ s the letter from ?	I think it ’ s my acceptance letter from NYU .	I want to know what it says .	They didn ’ t accept me .	Are you serious ?	I don't have a good answer to that.
dull-0399	Actually I have a passion for Chinese literature .	You do ?	That is a good question.
dull-0400	Good morning , I would like to reserve a berth .	Which train do you like ?	Good morning , I would like to reserve a berth .
dull-0401	Where do you plan to go this winter ?	Alps , suppose .	Oh , yes , you like skiing .	Alps , suppose .
dull-0402	How did you find your apartment ?	You can check on the bulletin boards at school for local housing .	What if I need a roommate ?	There are websites that can hook you up with a roommate .	How much do apartments cost around here ?	There are websites that can hook you up with a roommate .
dull-0403	Boy , it looks like everyone in your family is here , from young to old .	Easter's a good day for reunions . The family goes to church together .	And after church they come here for lunch ?	Easter's a good day for reunions . The family goes to church together .
dull-0404	This is our rock-bottom price , Mr . Lee .	If that's the case . there's not much point in further discussion . We might as well call the whole deal off .	What I mean is that we'll never be able to come down to your price . The gap is too great .	I think it unwise for either of us to be inflexible . How about meeting each other halfway ?	That is a good question.
dull-0405	Good afternoon . Can I be of service ?	I don't know . Can I purchase Treasury Certificates here at this counter ?	Yes , of course . We have Treasury Notes with two , three and five-year terms available .	Two years is fine , with a value of 1,000 RIB .	OK , could I take a look at some ID please , like a passport ?	I don't have a good answer to that.
dull-0406	Margaret , do you think I should enroll in the science course ?	I don't have a good answer to that.
dull-0407	Boy , it looks like everyone in your family is here , from young to old .	Easter's a good day for reunions . The family goes to church together .	Boy , it looks like everyone in your family is here , from young to old .
dull-0408	I'd like to apply for a credit card . Can you help me with my application ?	I'd be glad to .	I'm afraid that I don't have a credit history . I just came to this country .	Do you have an account with this bank ?	I'm afraid not .	In that case I highly recommend you apply for a savings and checking account also . That would help with your credit card application .	What is the interest rate on your card ?	The annual charge rate is 9.5 % .	That's very expensive !	Not really . The credit card is a revolving account . You only pay interest on what you owe .	How does the bank bill its customers for credit card charges ?	You will receive a monthly statement with each expenditure itemized .	I am happy for you!
dull-0409	Jeff , I'm going to the supermarket . Do you want to come with me ?	I think the supermarket is closed now .	I am happy for you!
dull-0410	Hi Jim . Do you have a minute ?	I don't have a good answer to that.
dull-0411	have you ever been invited to a Chinese feast ?	sure . Beijingers are distinguished for their warmth and hospitality .	as far as you could see , is dining at a Chinese table a distinct experience ? To what extent does it differ from that in your homeland ?	That is a good question.
dull-0412	It seldom rains this summer .	Yeah , some places are very short of water .	Because of pollution and other things , our environment has become worse and worse .	You see , This time I traveled to the West . When I looked out of the windows of the rain , all the lands that I could see are as dry as a bone .	Because of pollution and other things , our environment has become worse and worse .
dull-0413	It was really hard for our parents to save money when they were young .	Most people were living form hand to mouth . How could they ?	Let me think what I have to say about that!
dull-0414	I want to buy three tickets . What's the entrance fee ?	$ 10 per person .	Here are $ 30 . By the way , where can I find a guide ?	$ 10 per person .
dull-0415	As we know , mobile phones bring people great convenience and shorten the distance among friends and relatives .	It bears a great many of advantages , but also some weak points .	Is it ? I've never thought of any disadvantages of the mobile phone .	For instance , the mobile phone seriously distracts the attention of people from work and study .	That is cool.
dull-0416	Bob !	Anne ! I haven't seen you for ages.How ' Ve you been ?	Bob !
dull-0417	I want a pair of sports shoes , Adidas .	What size do you want ?	I wear size 40 .	How about this one ? It's the latest design .	I wear size 40 .
dull-0418	Excuse me . I have an appointment with Mr . Li at nine . May I come in ?	Yes , come in please . I am Mr . Li . You must be My Liu , right ?	Yes , I am My Liu . Thanks .	I'd like to start this interview with some questions . Why do you think you are qualified for this position ?	According to your advertisement , you want an experienced software engineer . I think my background meets the requirement of this position .	Then tell me something about your background .	My major was computer science when I was at college , and I am quite familiar with Visual C + + and Java language .	Well , what do you think about the development in computers ?	The developments in software are going ahead very quickly and more and more problems are resolved by software . In some regions , the hardware is completely replaced by software . So I think the software industry has a great future .	Have you ever designed any programs concerning network ?	The developments in software are going ahead very quickly and more and more problems are resolved by software . In some regions , the hardware is completely replaced by software . So I think the software industry has a great future .
dull-0419	Can I help you ?	Yes , I would like to buy a Walkman . Can you tell me about the models you have ?	Well , we have a lot of models here.Did you want to listen to CD's or cassettes or the radio ?	Mostly cassette tapes .	Alright . There are several models you may want to look at.This Kreng portable cassette player is very good .	Kreng ? I've never heard of that company .	It's a German company.This unit has auto-reverse , recording capability , and an AM / FM radio band.It also has a built-in microphone .	I suppose I don't want that one then . I don't like auto-reverse . It breaks too easily .	Really ? Have you had an auto-reverse break before ?	Yes , twice now . I think it's too high-tech , and so it's the first part that breaks .	I am happy for you!
dull-0420	Mary seems depressed . What ’ s the matter ?	She didn ’ t expect to get a kick in the teeth after a day ’ s hard work .	I love that.
dull-0421	I know you have a son . How old is he ?	He's going to turn six next month .	Who is looking after him ?	My mother-in - law . She retired last year .	I am happy for you!
dull-0422	So tell me , what's the difference between the Board of Directors , the CEO , and the stockholders ? They all seems ot be the same group of people to me ...	No , there's a definite difference . You know , the stockholders are the people who own the company ... they're the financial control system . Then there's the CEO — the chief executive officer . He's the hot shot , the main guy who is the boss . If there is only one person with absolute power in the organization , everyone knows that the power will go to their head . It's too dangerous . That's the reason for a Board of Directors . The board is made up of people who are experts in the industry . They could be related to the organization , but more commonly , they are independent and non-biased .	That is good.
dull-0423	I'd like to apply for a credit card . Can you help me with my application ?	I'd be glad to .	I'm afraid that I don't have a credit history . I just came to this country .	Do you have an account with this bank ?	I'm afraid not .	I see.
dull-0424	Hello ! This is Ruby speaking from G . O . T . International Travel Agency . What can I do for you ?	I ’ d like to make a reservation for my trip from Detroit to Beijing on April 13 on Trans Pacific Airline .	Do you want a single ticket or a round trip ticket ?	I ’ d like to have a round trip ticket with a one-year open return .	Economy or Business Class ?	Economy , please . How much is it ?	It will be $ 850 .	Very good . Could I get an electronic ticket ? I ’ m always afraid of losing my tickets .	No problem . How do you wish to pay for it ?	Bank of American card . The number is 6786 9182 12300 8657 .	Thank you ! Would you like an aisle seat or a window seat ?	An aisle seat , please . I ’ m tall and need to get up and walk pretty often .	No problem . Your ticket is for Trans Pacific Flight 87 from Detroit to Beijing at 3 forty p . m . on April 13 . You will arrive at Beijing International Airport at six 35 p . m . on April 14 . Your electronic	What time should I arrive at Detroit Airport ?	Please be at the airport two hours before your departure to check in . You also need to reconfirm your reservation with the airline at least 7 days prior to your departure .	What happens if I can ’ t leave on April 13 ? Can I cancel my ticket or change the reservation to another date ?	Yes , you can , but you will have to pay a penalty of $ 75 for any change or cancellation .	That ’ s OK . What are the weight restrictions for checked baggage ?	That is a great question.
dull-0425	What's the matter , John ? you seemed to be restless today .	You see , I've been offered a new job . I can't decide whether to take it or not .	Oh , that's easy . If it's better than the one you are doing now , go for it . That's my advice .	It isn't that easy . I hate to quit my present job . People around here are very nice and the work itself is challenging .	Then what about the salary ? Would you get more ?	Wow, great question!
dull-0426	I need a taxi , please .	We have various transportation services . Would you prefer a private vehicle ?	No , thanks . A taxi is just fine .	May I suggest a limo ? It's nice to pamper yourself .	I don't want anything except a taxi , thank you .	I understand . And where will you be going ?	Rockefeller Center .	And what time would you like to be picked up ?	Rockefeller Center .
dull-0427	Jeff , look at this listing ! It says there is a cozy studio apartment for rent , and it's only $ 700 per month . What do you think ?	Well I think I can afford that apartment . But are pets allowed ?	Hmm ... let me look . Yes , it says it's a pet-friendly building .	That's great . That means I can bring my cat , Mr . Twinkles . Where is the apartment located ?	Hmm ... let me look . Yes , it says it's a pet-friendly building .
dull-0428	When was America discovered , Tony ?	I'm not certain . Do you know ?	America was discovered by Christopher Columbus in 1492 .	In a way that's right . But the Vikings travelled there long beforeColumbus . And what about the Red Indians ?	All right . Ask me a question now .	Who invented the electric light bulb ?	All right . Ask me a question now .
dull-0429	Hello , is Sue there ?	Who ?	Sue John .	You must have the wrong number .	Sue John .
dull-0430	I will take it . How much ?	$ 60 .	Nice!
dull-0431	What happened ? Why didn't he win ?	Didn't you hear ? He was disqualified .	How did that happen ? He's so talented ! I thought he had a great chance of winning a gold medal !	Let me think what I have to say about that!
dull-0432	Morning , Peter . Nice suit ! A new one ?	Oh , yes . My wife bought it for me yesterday . Hmm , you look nice in that yellow dress . Yellow suits you really well .	Awesome!
dull-0433	I'd like to speak Dr.Johnson .	Sorry , but he's not in . May I take a message for you ?	This is Robert Jordan.Would you ask him to call me back , please ?	I am happy for you!
dull-0434	Let's do something outdoors today .	All right . But I don't want to play tennis . We played tennis last weekend .	Okay . what do you want to do ?	All right . But I don't want to play tennis . We played tennis last weekend .
dull-0435	We quarreled yesterday , and he picked up and left .	Terrible ! Does he want to divorce ?	I am not sure .	That is very interesting.
dull-0436	We are just going round the corner for a drink . Won't you join us ?	Well , I'd like to , but I am not sure I have time .	Oh , come on ! Just a quick one !	Well , I'd like to , but I am not sure I have time .
dull-0437	This is such a beautiful day ! Great for sailing !	It sure is ! The water looks so nice ! Anchor the boat for a little while . I ’ m going to take a dip .	This is such a beautiful day ! Great for sailing !
dull-0438	Mary , it's good to see you !	Josh and I were just on our way back home from the beach and thought we'd drop by .	I am so glad that you decided to stop by !	Yes , it has been a long time since we have seen you .	Mary , can I get Josh or you something to drink ?	Oh no , thank you . We aren't all that thirsty .	I see.
dull-0439	What happened , John ?	Nothing .	Why do you look unhappy ?	I ’ m rather disappointed at not being able to see my best friend off .	That is good.
dull-0440	Can I have the roll of film developed here ?	Surely of course .	Here is the film . Can I get my pictures tomorrow ?	Sure .	Awesome!
dull-0441	Hey , Tom , did you enjoy your lunch ?	Oh , don't mention it . It was terrible .	What ' the matter ?	The food station was as crowded as usual . I waited for 20 minutes for my sandwich , and when I finally got it the chicken was underdone .	I see . You simply can't blame the server for this .	Yes , I know . Fast food is so popular in this district .	That's true .	Anyway , how was your such , Catherine ?	It was good . I brought lunch from home today .	You did ? I thought you must feel right at home here as we get as many fast food restaurants as you do in America .	It was good . I brought lunch from home today .
dull-0442	What's your favorite book ?	It's Gone With the Wind .	Why do you like it best ?	I enjoy the various characters and the plot .	Well . I like the Thom Birds best .	Is it very interesting ?	Sure . I like the writer's language , too .	That is very interesting.
dull-0443	Welcome to China , Mr . Smith .	Thank you . So pleasant to meet you here !	I heard that you are interested in our silk skirts and new style of coats .	Thank you . So pleasant to meet you here !
dull-0444	Frank ’ s getting married , do you believe this ?	Is he really ?	Yes , he is . He loves the girl very much .	Who is he marring ?	A girl he met on holiday in Spain , I think .	I am happy for you!
dull-0445	Margaret , do you think I should enroll in the science course ?	Yes , I think so , If you want to graduated this year , you've got to take a science course .	Right , I figure since you are doing premedical , you know about the very courses .	Yes , I think so , If you want to graduated this year , you've got to take a science course .
dull-0446	Excuse me . I have an appointment with Mr . Li at nine . May I come in ?	Yes , come in please . I am Mr . Li . You must be My Liu , right ?	Yes , I am My Liu . Thanks .	I'd like to start this interview with some questions . Why do you think you are qualified for this position ?	According to your advertisement , you want an experienced software engineer . I think my background meets the requirement of this position .	Then tell me something about your background .	My major was computer science when I was at college , and I am quite familiar with Visual C + + and Java language .	Well , what do you think about the development in computers ?	My major was computer science when I was at college , and I am quite familiar with Visual C + + and Java language .
dull-0447	I need to get my high speed internet installed .	You'll need to make an appointment .	Could I do that right now , please ?	What day would you like us to do the installation ?	That is a good question.
dull-0448	Morning , Zina . Just wanted to say thanks again !	Hi , Vince . Thanks for stopping by . How's the work coming along for the online auction ?	Oh , yeah . I'm glad you mentioned that . I think we need to hire somebody new to manage it .	That is great.
dull-0449	Hi , there . Look at these . I have collected some ads here . There is a special promotion for Mother's Day this weekend .	Oh , yes . Mother's Day is coming . Do you plan to buy anything ?	Of course . I want to buy some night cream for my mom , and some masques for myself .	Hmm . In Carrefour , Clinique will be promoting their visible skin renewed cream .	How much is it ?	180 yuan , and you can get a free 8 piece gift package .	What's included in the gift package ?	180 yuan , and you can get a free 8 piece gift package .
dull-0450	How can I help you ?	Yes , I am James Mason from Anderson and Associates . I would like to see Mr . Smith .	Do you have an appointment ?	Yes , he knows I'm coming . Our meeting is set for 2 o'clock .	I wonder if Mr . Smith forgot your meeting . I am afraid he left this office this morning and is not expected back until after 4 pm . Let me find out if he made arrangements for someone else to meet with you in his place . Will you please have a seat ?	Wow, great question!
dull-0451	Do you know that the dolphin is the most intelligent animal in the world ?	That question does not make sense to me.
dull-0452	Excuse me , does this bus go to the new bookstore ?	No , you'll have to get off at the bank , and take a No . 50 .	That is great.
dull-0453	There's a new girl in school , have you seen her yet ?	I haven't seen her yet .	I see.
dull-0454	Everything is now . I'm kind of sick of it .	Each ring has 3 small diamonds inside the band .	Oooh ! One for each of the zeros in 2000 ! Wow !	Stop making fun of me .	So find a guy to marry and you can get one !	Stop making fun of me .
dull-0455	Sarah , you don't look so good . What's the matter ?	I've got a really bad headache and my stomach hurts .	That is very interesting.
dull-0456	We quarreled yesterday , and he picked up and left .	Terrible ! Does he want to divorce ?	I am not sure .	That is good.
dull-0457	Hey Stacy . What's going on ?	I'm pretty tired these days .	Why ? You're not working so don't you have a lot of time on your hands ?	I have so much house work to do . I have to take care of the kids , cook , clean , laundry , and the cycle never ends .	How about your husband . Does he help much ?	Not at all . He comes home and complains about his hard day at work . He expects me to do everything . He even wants me to feed him sometimes . Can you believe that ?	I love that.
dull-0458	The stepmother was very wicked . She couldn't stand a happy smile on the boy's face .	And ?	I don't know what you mean by that.
dull-0459	what did you do last night ?	I just stayed at home and watched TV .	did you watch the Barcelona versus Madrid game ?	yes , it was a very evenly matched game .	what were the results of the game ?	it ended in a tie .	what was the actual score ?	it was three all .	really ? I thought Barcelona was going to win . They are a much better team than Madrid .	if Barcelona had played as they normally do , they should have won .	what happened ?	their goalkeepers got injured after the first goal , but he kept on playing anyway .	I am happy for you!
dull-0460	Good morning.Are you Mr.Liu ?	My name is Liu Lichi . How do you do ?	How do you do ? Please be seated , How is your trip here ?	Quite good , I think . I came here by bus , and it took me about 15 minutes .	I see.
dull-0461	What do you need today ?	I need to take a few classes .	What kind of classes would you like to take ?	How about a driver's course ?	Okay , you're going to need to make an appointment .	I don't understand why I need to make an appointment .	Okay , you're going to need to make an appointment .
dull-0462	I'd like to invite you to dinner tonight , do you think have time ?	Thank you for your inition . I'm free tonight .	Which kind of food do you like , chinese food , western food or sea food ?	I prefer sea food .	I like that.
dull-0463	So tell me , what's the difference between the Board of Directors , the CEO , and the stockholders ? They all seems ot be the same group of people to me ...	No , there's a definite difference . You know , the stockholders are the people who own the company ... they're the financial control system . Then there's the CEO — the chief executive officer . He's the hot shot , the main guy who is the boss . If there is only one person with absolute power in the organization , everyone knows that the power will go to their head . It's too dangerous . That's the reason for a Board of Directors . The board is made up of people who are experts in the industry . They could be related to the organization , but more commonly , they are independent and non-biased .	How many people are on the board of directors ?	No , there's a definite difference . You know , the stockholders are the people who own the company ... they're the financial control system . Then there's the CEO — the chief executive officer . He's the hot shot , the main guy who is the boss . If there is only one person with absolute power in the organization , everyone knows that the power will go to their head . It's too dangerous . That's the reason for a Board of Directors . The board is made up of people who are experts in the industry . They could be related to the organization , but more commonly , they are independent and non-biased .
dull-0464	Look at this newspaper article about this famous local medium . It says that she is really gifted and so popular now , that she is booked solid with appointments for the next twelve months !	You don't really believe in all that hocus pocus mumbo jumbo , do you ?	I don't have a good answer to that.
dull-0465	Are there any beds vacant ?	Yes , what kind of room do you want ?	I am very happy to hear that.
dull-0466	Do you have any hobbies ?	Yes , I like collecting things .	Oh , that ’ s interesting , and but what kind of things ?	Several things , for example , Very coins , stamps , stones and so on .	Stones ? I know many people collecting coins and stamps but stones ?	I don't know what you mean by that.
dull-0467	So , Monica , how do you like your new office ?	Well , I love it . The room is spacious and clean with big windows and a lot of sunshine . There are plants along the corridor . Especially , I got my own desk with computer and telephone . Such a great place !	That ’ s very good . I once turn down a job offer just because the office is awful .	What was so bad about it ?	I don't have a good answer to that.
dull-0468	Excuse me . How long has it been since the business was founded ?	It has been 12 years since it was founded in 1998 .	I am happy for you!
dull-0469	that was a really good meal , Gordon .	It sure was . I couldn't eat another bite .	well , it is getting pretty late . I think we should go home .	you're right . I have to get up early to go to work tomorrow .	let's see how much the bill is .	don't worry about it . Tonight is my treat .	what are you talking about ? We'll split the bill .	no , I insist . I kept telling you that I would treat you to dinner but I still haven't .	no way , Gordon . I know that you are a little short on cash at the moment . There's no need for you to pay for the whole bill .	alright , if that's the way you are going to be , we'll split the bill .	that's better . This way we will both have money to take a cab home , otherwise , you would probably have to walk .	just promise you will let me treat you to dinner next week , ok ?	you've got a deal .	I see.
dull-0470	Did you read the letter in the paper about smoking ? The person who wrote that must be crazy .	Wow, great question!
dull-0471	So I'm on the fifth floor ? How come this hotel has no fourth floor .	That is a good question.
dull-0472	I have puzzled my brain about how to teach the children .	What is your problem ?	My children can never be obedient even if I criticized them severely .	I see.
dull-0473	Nice to meet you here.How come you dropped into this company today ?	My boss sent me here to take some business documents back to his office . I didn't know you were working here.What a surprise.How long have you been doing this ?	Two years or so .	That is great.Do you have to work the night shift ?	Wow, great question!
dull-0474	Do you believe in UFOs ?	Of course , they are out there .	But I never saw them .	Are you stupid ? They are called UFOs , so not everybody can see them .	But I never saw them .
dull-0475	I'd like to withdraw some money from my account .	Can I see your passbook and the withdrawal slip , please ?	Sure .	I am very happy to hear that.
dull-0476	Hi , Victor . How are you ?	Oh , I'm fine .	I see.
dull-0477	Isn't it wonderful walking here ?	What do you mean ?	I mean look at all these magnificent buildings around us .	Yes , look over there . That's the Empire State Building . My book says it's 102 stories tall .	It's quite famous but don't you think it looks a bit old-fashioned ?	You're right , but when it was built in 1930 it was a marvel of technology and engineering .	What other important buildings are we going to see on Fifth Avenue ?	Quite a number . Actually every skyscraper has a history . A few blocks ahead we'll see St.Patrick ' s Cathedral and just across the street will be the world-renowed Rockefeller Center . It's a landmark in the history of architecture .	That is amazing.
dull-0478	Margaret , do you think I should enroll in the science course ?	Yes , I think so , If you want to graduated this year , you've got to take a science course .	I am happy for you!
dull-0479	Is that pesky lady coming to the office again ?	Yeah , I'm afraid so .	I see.
dull-0480	Good evening , madam . Can I help you ?	Yes . I bought this sheet here yesterday .	Anything wrong with it ?	Yes . When I spread it out back home , I found this hole .	Oh , how awful ! May I have a look at the invoice ?	Yes . When I spread it out back home , I found this hole .
dull-0481	What did you do today ?	Played poker with my work friends .	That is great.
dull-0482	Would you please show me the necklace in the window ?	Is this the one you want ?	No , the one next to it .	Here you are .	Thanks . What kind of stone is this ?	It's a ruby . It is from South Africa . Would you like to try it on ?	I see.
dull-0483	Well , tell me something of yourself .	What would you like to know , Mr . Green ?	Well , tell me something of yourself .
dull-0484	How about eating out for a drink with me tonight .	Tonight ? I'm afraid I can't . I've promised Mark to go to the gym . Can we make it tomorrow ?	No problem . Let's say 6:30 p . m . at the Royal Restaurant , OK ?	I like that.
dull-0485	So , Monica , how do you like your new office ?	Well , I love it . The room is spacious and clean with big windows and a lot of sunshine . There are plants along the corridor . Especially , I got my own desk with computer and telephone . Such a great place !	That ’ s very good . I once turn down a job offer just because the office is awful .	What was so bad about it ?	Small rooms , small window , a small desk shared by three people . I would have been interrupted all the time and for sure not be able to deliver good work .	I love that.
dull-0486	How can I help you ?	Yes , I am James Mason from Anderson and Associates . I would like to see Mr . Smith .	Do you have an appointment ?	Yes , he knows I'm coming . Our meeting is set for 2 o'clock .	I wonder if Mr . Smith forgot your meeting . I am afraid he left this office this morning and is not expected back until after 4 pm . Let me find out if he made arrangements for someone else to meet with you in his place . Will you please have a seat ?	Sure .	Wow.
dull-0487	I think Yoga might be suitable for me .	Why ?	Because it doesn't require a lot of energy and thus easy to keep up .	I am very happy to hear that.
dull-0488	Can I have a look at that digital camera please ?	Yes of course . This is a really good one actually .	How much does it cost ?	That is a great question.
dull-0489	Well , I'm afraid I must be going now . I have no idea it was so late .	Stay for dinner with us .	I'm afraid I can't . I have a dinner party at seven tonight . You see , I am going to England the day after tomorrow .	Well , I won't keep you then . It was very nice of you to come to see me .	I'm afraid I can't . I have a dinner party at seven tonight . You see , I am going to England the day after tomorrow .
dull-0490	Have you enjoyed your weekend ?	Yes , it's been marvelous . It really was very kind of you to invite me . I hope it hasn't been too much trouble .	I am very happy to hear that.
dull-0491	Jeff , I'm going to the supermarket . Do you want to come with me ?	I think the supermarket is closed now .	Oh , When does it close ?	That is a great question.
dull-0492	Good morning . I ’ m from the New York book review . Could I ask you some questions about your latest book ?	Sure . Take a seat ... what would you like to know ?	First , I ’ Ve heard that your latest book is based on a true story .	That is good.
dull-0493	What kind of personality do you think you have ?	I'm quite active and energetic . I approach things enthusiastically and I don't like to leave things half-done .	Do you think you are introverted or extroverted ?	I'm quite outgoing i think . I enjoy mixing and doing things with others .	What do you think is the most important thing for you to be happy ?	I maintain that the most important thing is having good friends . A person can't live all by himself I think . A friend in need is a friend in deed.The more really close friends I have , the better .	What kind of people do you like to work with ?	I maintain that the most important thing is having good friends . A person can't live all by himself I think . A friend in need is a friend in deed.The more really close friends I have , the better .
dull-0494	So what do you think of my new dress ?	I think it's great ! I really like the color , and it goes really well with your eyes . I've actually been eyeing that dress at Maxine's for a while now , but I wasn't sure I could afford ninety-five dollars for a dress at the moment .	Um , ninety-five dollars ?	Yes , that's the price they were advertising it at . I was hoping it might go on sale soon . Why , how much did you pay for it ?	That is a good question.
dull-0495	Were you able to attend Friday night's basketball game ?	I was unable to make it .	You should have been there . It was intense .	Is that right . Who ended up winning ?	Our team was victorious .	I wish I was free that night . I'm kind of mad that I didn't go .	Our team was victorious .
dull-0496	Hey Suzie . Guess what ? I'm having a baby !	Really ? That's so great . Congratulations .	Thanks . I'm so excited . We've been trying for 8 months now .	That's really exciting . How many months are you pregnant ?	Thanks . I'm so excited . We've been trying for 8 months now .
dull-0497	Peter , how often do you exercise ?	Well , I swim and run every day .	Now , tell me , what do you eat ?	Well , I don't eat any meat , but I do eat fish and eggs .	That is amazing.
dull-0498	Can I help you ?	Yes , I would like to buy a Walkman . Can you tell me about the models you have ?	Well , we have a lot of models here.Did you want to listen to CD's or cassettes or the radio ?	Mostly cassette tapes .	Alright . There are several models you may want to look at.This Kreng portable cassette player is very good .	Kreng ? I've never heard of that company .	It's a German company.This unit has auto-reverse , recording capability , and an AM / FM radio band.It also has a built-in microphone .	I suppose I don't want that one then . I don't like auto-reverse . It breaks too easily .	Really ? Have you had an auto-reverse break before ?	I suppose I don't want that one then . I don't like auto-reverse . It breaks too easily .
dull-0499	Do you believe in UFOs ?	Of course , they are out there .	But I never saw them .	Are you stupid ? They are called UFOs , so not everybody can see them .	You mean that you can them .	That's right . I can see them in my dreams .	They come to the earth ?	No . Their task is to send the aliens here from the outer space .	I like that.
dull-0500	How can I help you ?	I don't have a good answer to that.
dull-0501	Hello , sir , what can I do for you today ?	Hello , I need a new suit . I have an important interview next week , so I really need to look sharp .	No problem ! We have a broad selection of suits , all tailored made so that it will fit perfectly .	Great ! I want a three piece suit , preferably made from Italian cashmere or wool .	Very well sir . Would you like to have some shirts made also ?	Sure . I ’ ll also take some silver cuff link and a pair of silk ties .	I am very happy to hear that.
dull-0502	What's your favorite book ?	It's Gone With the Wind .	Why do you like it best ?	I enjoy the various characters and the plot .	Well . I like the Thom Birds best .	Is it very interesting ?	I don't know what you mean by that.
dull-0503	Good afternoon , sir . Have you made a reservation ?	I am afraid not . Are there any vacant tables ?	That is a great question.
dull-0504	Hello , Sir . How can we help you today ?	I need to find out some more information for L / C . I would like an outline of responsibilities , both ours , yours and the beneficiary , please .	OK , to start , the conditions are specified by the buyer and may include Insurance Forms , Way Bills , Bills of Lading , Customs forms , various certificates .	OK , got it . Is there anything else I need to know before we go ahead ?	Just that in effect , a basic Letter of Credit is a financial contract between the bank , the bank's customer , and the beneficiary , and this contract involves the transfer of goods or services against funds .	I am very happy to hear that.
dull-0505	I need help with the office party .	Yes , of course . We could split it . What part would you like to do , the food or the entertainment ?	I have no idea what the entertainment should be .	Let's make sure we are on the same page . Do we want a formal or informal gathering ?	I don't know what you mean by that.
dull-0506	Is that pesky lady coming to the office again ?	Yeah , I'm afraid so .	If there's one thing that bugs me , it's her critical attitude .	Yeah , I'm afraid so .
dull-0507	I can ’ t stand being with you anymore . I'm sick of your drinking .	I swear never to drink again . Just give me another chance , please !	How many chances have I given you ? I don ’ t trust you any more .	I swear never to drink again . Just give me another chance , please !
dull-0508	I want to buy three tickets . What's the entrance fee ?	$ 10 per person .	Here are $ 30 . By the way , where can I find a guide ?	$ 10 per person .
dull-0509	What do you think of Frank ?	I don't have a good answer to that.
dull-0510	Is there anything worth watching on another channel ?	I think there ’ s a Western on .	Do you mind if we watch it . I ’ d really like to see it .	Well , I really wanted to see the football game .	Football game ? Ok , and you know what comes on next ?	I believe there ’ s a sitcom .	Are you interested in watching it ?	I believe there ’ s a sitcom .
dull-0511	Hi . Have you got a personal computer ?	Certainly . What's the matter ?	I wonder if you often trade with others on the internet .	Sure . I often buy things or do business through it without going out to the physical stores .	Great ! It's just like viewless stores . But how can you shop or order on line or trade on line ?	That's simple . Just click the hyperlink , www.taobao.com or www . ebay.com , and you can see the specimen of the goods shown on the screen , and then you can place an order online with the sales company . And the goods will be delivered to your place .	Is the service charged ?	That is a great question.
dull-0512	Can I have the roll of film developed here ?	Surely of course .	Here is the film . Can I get my pictures tomorrow ?	Surely of course .
dull-0513	Has Robert ever missed coming to one of our parties ?	Only once or twice at the most .	Do you know why ?	Only once or twice at the most .
dull-0514	You know that ? Joan has got the scholarship .	Let me think what I have to say about that!
dull-0515	hi , Bob , I am so glad that you came .	of course I'd come . I couldn't think of a better chance to see all my old friends .	yeah . It's hard to believe that it's been ten years since graduation . It feels just yesterday we collected our diplomas .	how time flies . But hey , how are things going with you ?	oh , where to start ? There have been ups and downs . I'm still trying to find my place in this world . It's only recently that I've been able to start settling down . How about you ? You still with Jenn	yeah , Jenny and I got married right after graduation . It was tough the first years trying to make ends meet . I was supporting us both while she continued her studies . But now things are getting better	I love that.
dull-0516	May I help you ?	Yes . Do you exchange foreign money here ?	That question does not make sense to me.
dull-0517	Did you hear about the robbery ?	Did I hear about it ? I saw it happen .	Are you serious ?	I was there .	What happened ?	A man came into the bank with a gun .	That's insane .	I was so scared when I saw the gun .	Then what happened ?	I was so scared when I saw the gun .
dull-0518	You received a letter in the mail .	Give it here .	Who ’ s the letter from ?	I think it ’ s my acceptance letter from NYU .	I want to know what it says .	They didn ’ t accept me .	I want to know what it says .
dull-0519	It's said that John's broken up .	Really ? But his wife has always waited on him hand and foot .	That is a good question.
dull-0520	Sybil . Is that spelt with an I or a Y ?	That is a good question.
dull-0521	Do you believe in UFOs ?	Of course , they are out there .	But I never saw them .	Are you stupid ? They are called UFOs , so not everybody can see them .	You mean that you can them .	That's right . I can see them in my dreams .	They come to the earth ?	No . Their task is to send the aliens here from the outer space .	Aliens from the outer space ? Do you talk to them ? What do they look like ?	OK , OK , one by one , please ! They look like robots , but they can speak . Their mission is to make friends with human beings .	That means that you talk to them ? In which language ?	OK , OK , one by one , please ! They look like robots , but they can speak . Their mission is to make friends with human beings .
dull-0522	What's wrong with you ?	That is a great question.
dull-0523	How do you decide what grade we get ?	I look at many things , attendance , quizzes , and tests .	I love that.
dull-0524	How much is it all together ?	That is a good question.
dull-0525	Do you speak only English in the class , or does your teacher explain everything to you in Spanish ?	Oh , we never speak Spanish in class ! Miss.Parker speaks to us only in English .	I suppose she's right . Does she speak English very slowly ?	Wow, great question!
dull-0526	Where to , ma'am ?	The Grand Hotel .	The Grand Hotel ?	Yes.Do you know where it is ?	No , Madam . I don't think I do .	Wow.
dull-0527	Billy , you are late again .	I'm sorry I'm late . I overslept . Is the manager here today ?	Yes he ' s in his office .	Oh , I hope he didn't notice me .	Don't take any chances . It'd be best if you told him and promised not to be late again . He's already mad at you for last 2 times . Any more and he might fire you .	You said it . It won't happen again . Do you really think he'd fire me ?	I think he might . You'd better go to his office .	I am happy for you!
dull-0528	How far do we have to go ?	About 50 miles .	The traffic is not very heavy on this high way , is it ? So I ’ m sure we ’ ll make it .	No , but we ’ Ve got a hurry . It will be the rush hour soon .	I am happy for you!
dull-0529	what's wrong , Jerry ? You look so upset .	to be honest , I was just dumped .	oh , I'm sorry to hear that . You can go on a holiday to cheer you up .	to be honest , I was just dumped .
dull-0530	How many people are there in your family ?	Five.My father , mother , brother , sister-in-law and me .	That is great.
dull-0531	I have puzzled my brain about how to teach the children .	What is your problem ?	I have puzzled my brain about how to teach the children .
dull-0532	Honey , the house is such a mess ! I need you to help me tidy up a bit . My boss and her husband are coming over for dinner and the house needs to be spotless !	I ’ m in the middle of something right now . I ’ ll be there in a second .	This can ’ t wait ! I need your help now !	Alright , alright . I ’ m coming .	Ok , here ’ s a list of chores we need to get done . I'll do the dishes and get all the groceries for tonight . You can sweep and mop the floors . Oh , and the furniture needs to be dusted .	Alright , alright . I ’ m coming .
dull-0533	I ’ m taking BA fright 123 to London . Can you tell me where the reporting desk is , please ?	Yes , Madam . The reporting desk for the British Airway's flight to London is over there .	Thank you so much . Is this the desk for BA flight 123 to London ?	Yes , Madam . The reporting desk for the British Airway's flight to London is over there .
dull-0534	What's your favorite book ?	Wow, great question!
dull-0535	Can we have a table for three , please ?	Sorry , all the tables for three are reserved .	I am happy for you!
dull-0536	The restaurant across the street hired a new Chinese chef , so I ordered some Chinese food there for this evening .	Good . I love Chinese food . What did you order ?	The restaurant across the street hired a new Chinese chef , so I ordered some Chinese food there for this evening .
dull-0537	Hello ?	Hi , Mr . Smith . This is Mary . Is Jenny there ?	No , I ’ m afraid not , Mary . May I take a message for her ?	Yes , please tell her that band practice has been moved to Tuesday night at eight thirty .	O . K . No problem . Anything else ?	That is a good question.
dull-0538	What happened , John ?	Nothing .	Why do you look unhappy ?	Nothing .
dull-0539	I heard that you finished my home inspection , and I was wondering how it went .	First of all , we need to understand what I was looking for . Do you know what the purpose of an inspection is ?	I am not sure what a home inspection is all about .	I went there to check for problems with the home , so you aren ’ t surprised when you move in .	Wouldn ’ t the owners have told me about any problems ?	Sellers aren ’ t always truthful , and there might also be problems that they aren ’ t aware of .	That is good.
dull-0540	Broadway Mall is having a big sale this weekend . You wanna go ?	Don't feel like it . I'm broke .	Well , we can still do some window shopping , can't we ?	Don't feel like it . I'm broke .
dull-0541	Are you free this weekend , Miss Rose ?	Yes , I am . What's up ?	Then would you please go to a dance party with me ?	With pleasure . I suppose you dance often .	Oh , no . As a matter of fact , I haven't danced for a long time .	But I am told that you dance wonderfully well .	Thanks for flattering me . I think you dance a lot , right ?	No . Just occasionally .	What's your favorite dance ?	It's hard to say , but I do love the foxtrot and waltz .	How about rock'n'roll ?	To tell you the truth , I don't like it . It's too noisy .	And the tango ?	Let me think what I have to say about that!
dull-0542	What courses did you take in college ?	I don't know what you mean by that.
dull-0543	Oh , my God . I can't take it any more .	What's wrong , honey ? Take it easy .	I am tired of doing that boring work . I just repeat doing counting everyday . It's so terrible .	Me too . But I think we can do something else for a change .	You know I work with my professional knowledge not passion . Sometimes I don't know what the meaning of working is ?	But you did a good job . You always perform the best in our company .	That is amazing.
dull-0544	What are your personal weaknesses ?	I ’ m afraid I ’ m a poor talker . I ’ m not comfortable talking with the people whom I have just met for the first time . That is not very good for business , so I have been studying public speaking .	Are you more of a leader or a follower ?	I don ’ t try to lead people . I ’ d rather cooperate with everybody , and get the job done by working together .	Do you think you can make yourself easily understood in English ?	Yes , in most circumstances .	Are you available for travel ?	Yes , in most circumstances .
dull-0545	Isn't it wonderful walking here ?	What do you mean ?	I mean look at all these magnificent buildings around us .	Yes , look over there . That's the Empire State Building . My book says it's 102 stories tall .	It's quite famous but don't you think it looks a bit old-fashioned ?	Yes , look over there . That's the Empire State Building . My book says it's 102 stories tall .
dull-0546	It's located in the suburbs ? Well even though that sounds like a steal , I really want something downtown .	OK . Well the problem is that the apartments in the heart of the city are usually more expensive .	I know , that's my problem . What do you think I should do ?	That is a good question.
dull-0547	Excuse me , are you Mrs . Green from England ?	Yes , I am .	I'm pleased to meet you , Mrs . Green . My name is Myra . I work in Beijing Institute of Technology . I came here to meet you .	How do you do ?	How do you do ?	It's kind of you to meet me at the airport .	Welcome to Beijing . Is this your first time in China ?	It's kind of you to meet me at the airport .
dull-0548	hi , darling ! I have a one-month vacation saved up . How about a trip to Europe ?	I could go for that . But I'm afraid our budget is a little tight this year .	oh , but I really need to leave this town for a change . Working day after day has worn me out . Do you have any other suggestions ?	we should probably think about going somewhere that isn't too far away . How about the countryside ? There must be many interesting places , and we could enjoy the fresh air and the delicious local spec	wonderful ! I think that's a great idea . How soon until we can make this happen ? I can't wait !	tomorrow I have an appointment with my dentist . What about next Monday ?	perfect . I'll start preparing tomorrow . If we're going to drive , I'll need to fill up the tank .	no need . I think it's still plenty full . Even so , I'd rather travel by bus or train . It would cost much less than driving . Oil prices are soaring nowadays , you know .	we can take the train , that will be faster . I'll book the tickets tomorrow morning .	great ! Oh , one more thing , don't forget to check the weather before we go . I'd hate to get caught in the rain .	no problem . I'm really looking forward to the coming week .	great ! Oh , one more thing , don't forget to check the weather before we go . I'd hate to get caught in the rain .
dull-0549	Morning , Peter . Nice suit ! A new one ?	Oh , yes . My wife bought it for me yesterday . Hmm , you look nice in that yellow dress . Yellow suits you really well .	Maybe . Several people have suggested that I get more yellow clothes . They say the color suits me because I have a fair complexion .	That's right . You know , pink , green and black could also be good for you . Actually , I think that all colors are okay for a person with your complexion . It's just that different colors can give people different impressions . For example , black could make you look mature , while pink could make you look young and energetic .	Maybe . Several people have suggested that I get more yellow clothes . They say the color suits me because I have a fair complexion .
dull-0550	Good morning . I ’ m from the New York book review . Could I ask you some questions about your latest book ?	That question does not make sense to me.
dull-0551	The bartender just gave the last call . Let's order another round , okay ?	Sure , but let's get a pitcher this time We should be able to down it before they close .	That sounds good . You order the beer while I go to the bathroom . Where is the can in this place ?	It's all the way to the back . See that yellow door ?	Yeah . I think I can find it .	You're back already . That sure was quick .	That's because I just took one step inside and turned right around . That bathroom is too gross for me .	You're back already . That sure was quick .
dull-0552	Hi , Kenny . Let's go for a drink .	Sounds good . Where are we going ?	Somewhere new . It's a great place to pick up chicks .	Need a new . girlfriend , huh ?	Yeah , I broke up with Lisa.She blew a gasket over it . Whoa , get a load of that !	Whew ! That getup is terrific !	Never mind the getup.She ' s beautiful !	That too .	I'm gonna introduce myself .	If you're lucky , that might do the trick .	Oh , oh , that tears it ! I'm getting out of here .	If you're lucky , that might do the trick .
dull-0553	Have you declared your income and are you prepared to pay tax ?	I don't know what you mean by that.
dull-0554	Excuse me . I have an appointment with Mr . Li at nine . May I come in ?	Yes , come in please . I am Mr . Li . You must be My Liu , right ?	Yes , I am My Liu . Thanks .	I'd like to start this interview with some questions . Why do you think you are qualified for this position ?	According to your advertisement , you want an experienced software engineer . I think my background meets the requirement of this position .	Then tell me something about your background .	My major was computer science when I was at college , and I am quite familiar with Visual C + + and Java language .	Well , what do you think about the development in computers ?	The developments in software are going ahead very quickly and more and more problems are resolved by software . In some regions , the hardware is completely replaced by software . So I think the software industry has a great future .	Have you ever designed any programs concerning network ?	Yes , I have designed some programs for the network with Visual C + + and I have passed the test for programmers - MUSE .	Have you got anything to ask me ?	That is a great question.
dull-0555	What's the matter , John ? you seemed to be restless today .	You see , I've been offered a new job . I can't decide whether to take it or not .	Oh , that's easy . If it's better than the one you are doing now , go for it . That's my advice .	It isn't that easy . I hate to quit my present job . People around here are very nice and the work itself is challenging .	Then what about the salary ? Would you get more ?	That is a good question.
dull-0556	I hear you are planning to travel abroad .	Yes . I'm going to the Untied States for travel . What places do you recommend ?	In my opinion , there are several places you mustn't miss , like Washington D . C , Las Vegas , New York and Los Angeles .	I like that.
dull-0557	Would you check the engine , please ? It is knocking .	Sure . Do you want to have the car washed ?	Yes , please . When can you get it done ?	You can pick it up in half an hour . By the way , how are you going to pay , cash or credit ?	That is very interesting.
dull-0558	Are you going to vote ?	Of course ! Are you ?	I plan to , but what day is the election ?	You should know that .	I love that.
dull-0559	Hey honey , how was your day ?	It was alright . I ran into Bill and we got to talking for a while . He ’ s in a bit of a jam .	Why ? What happened ?	Well , his son had an accident and Bill doesn ’ t have health insurance . This really got me thinking , and I wondered if we shouldn ’ t look into a couple of different HMO ’ s .	Yeah , you ’ re right . We aren ’ t getting any younger and our kids are getting older .	Exactly ! I searched on the web and found a couple of HMO ’ s with low co-pays and good coverage . The deductibles are low , too .	Sounds good , although , do you think we can qualify for insurance ? Those insurance companies are real pirates when it comes to money .	Well , we don ’ t have any pre-existing illnesses or conditions , so we should be fine .	I am happy for you!
dull-0560	Have you ever shopped online ?	Quite often . It is very convenient , saving me a lot of time .	Do you have some experiences to share with me ? I want to have a try .	Quite often . It is very convenient , saving me a lot of time .
dull-0561	Honey , I ’ ll be right back !	Where are you going ?	I told you already ! I ’ m going to get my nails done .	Again ? You just went last week ! You spend more time at the nail salon than you do here at home ! Honestly , why do you need a manicure every week ?	I told you already ! I ’ m going to get my nails done .
dull-0562	What happened , John ?	Nothing .	That is amazing.
dull-0563	Your knowledge of English is really surprising .	Oh , it's nothing to speak of .	No , seriously . I am impressed .	Oh , it's nothing to speak of .
dull-0564	Do you have any hobbies ?	Yes , I like collecting things .	Oh , that ’ s interesting , and but what kind of things ?	Several things , for example , Very coins , stamps , stones and so on .	Stones ? I know many people collecting coins and stamps but stones ?	Several things , for example , Very coins , stamps , stones and so on .
dull-0565	This Olympic park is so big !	Yes . Now we are in the Olympic stadium , the center of this park .	Splendid ! When is it gonna be finished ?	Yes . Now we are in the Olympic stadium , the center of this park .
dull-0566	what's wrong , Jerry ? You look so upset .	to be honest , I was just dumped .	oh , I'm sorry to hear that . You can go on a holiday to cheer you up .	no , thanks . I'm not in the mood for traveling .	come on . A trip will do you good . Are you doing anything this weekend ?	I was planning on doing a lot of wallowing .	I am very happy to hear that.
dull-0567	May I help you ?	Give me a Big Mac , a small order of French fries and a medium Coke .	I am happy for you!
dull-0568	Do you remember what the ratings of movies stand for ?	Yes , G stands for General Audiences , PG means Parental Guidance suggested , R is restricted to audiences under 18 and X means explicit content .	Does anyone pay any attention to those ratings anymore ?	Remember when we were kids ? Theaters wouldn't let kids in to PG moves without a parent .	I remember that I never saw an X moves even displayed .	Now with video rentals it's all a personal matter .	Yea , I never see theaters turn people away for their age anymore either .	Now with video rentals it's all a personal matter .
dull-0569	Good afternoon . Can I help you ?	I need some remedies for an upset stomach .	Are you also suffering from pain and fever ?	Yes , and I also have the runs	I'll give you some tablets that should make you feel better . One moment , please . Here you are . Take these tablets three times a day swallow them with water .	When should I take them ?	Take on after each meal .	How long should I continue taking them ?	Take them for two days.If your symptoms persist for more than two days , you should see a doctor Also , be sure to drink plenty of water to prevent dehydration .	Wow.
dull-0570	How smart of you to book the tickets before hand !	Oh , do you really think so ?	How smart of you to book the tickets before hand !
dull-0571	What kind of gas does this car take ?	I don't know . It's a rental .	I will give you premium unleaded . Alright ?	Sure , why not ?	That is a great question.
dull-0572	hello ! What are you reading about in the newspaper ?	I don't know what you mean by that.
dull-0573	Did you get Bean's ten different good luck forwards , like that one from the Dalai Lama ?	That is a great question.
dull-0574	Now please tell me something about your past work achievements .	All right , madam . When I was sales manager at the Beijing Friendship Store . I succeeded in raising the yearly sales volume by 25 % and profit margins from 50 % to 80 % .	That is quite an achievement ! Do you consider it your most rewarding work experience ?	I don't think so . I'll create further achievement in the future .	That is good.
dull-0575	Take a seat inside and see what you think.So you will take the Porsche then , sir ?	Yes , and I want to buy the insurance too . I think it's necessary .	You're smart to buy it . At 45 dollars for three days , it is a good deal .	Can I return the car in San Francisco ?	San Francisco ? No , sir.We only have this office here . You will have to return it here .	Really ? I heard in America you can return rental cars in different cities .	No , sir . That's only with the very big companies . I'm sorry , but this car must be returned to this lot .	Well , I guess I will have to drive back down then . Hmm . I didn't think of that .	Do you still want the car , sir ?	Yes . It will be fun . Driving back down the coast . My girlfriend will like it .	It's a beautiful drive .	Where are the keys ?	It's a beautiful drive .
dull-0576	Were you able to attend Friday night's basketball game ?	I was unable to make it .	You should have been there . It was intense .	Is that right . Who ended up winning ?	Let me think what I have to say about that!
dull-0577	Why didn't you tell me you had a girlfriend ?	Let me think what I have to say about that!
dull-0578	Rock music really leaves me cold . What about you ?	I'm crazy about it.It makes me very excited .	Wow.
dull-0579	I hear you are planning to travel abroad .	Yes . I'm going to the Untied States for travel . What places do you recommend ?	In my opinion , there are several places you mustn't miss , like Washington D . C , Las Vegas , New York and Los Angeles .	That is great.
dull-0580	The restaurant across the street hired a new Chinese chef , so I ordered some Chinese food there for this evening .	Good . I love Chinese food . What did you order ?	I don't know what you mean by that.
dull-0581	Hey , May , look , Is that the the poster of the movie we saw yesterday ?	Yes , that's right . That's the poster of the The Witch .	May , I really regret watching it with you last night .	Did it scare you ?	Of course not . I just thought the movie was ... boring .	Boring ? Come on , you clutched to my arm all the time .	Well , I admit . The ghosts were scary .	I like scary movies .	That's Gucci's influence . I love science fiction movies !	Of course you do . They are silly stories just for little kids like you .	Don't call me kid . I am a grownup .	Do you dare watch scary movies with me tonight ?	Of course ! I can watch them without you !	That is good.
dull-0582	Hey , did you hear about Jessica's party this weekend ?	Yeah , but I'm still waiting for my invitation .	Oh really ? She gave me mine earlier today .	Wow, great question!
dull-0583	Let's program your courses . Since you have had English literature , you should take American literature and American prose and fiction.You transcript indicate that your English background is strong , so I don't think you have any problem with it .	How many credits for each course ?	Three , you also should take two three-credit-course in education department .	I see.
dull-0584	Do you have a free moment ?	That is a great question.
dull-0585	How's Jimmy today ?	Better , thank you , doctor .	Can I see him please , Mrs Williams ?	Certainly , doctor . Come upstairs .	You look very well , Jimmy . You are better now , but you mustn't get up yet.You must stay in bed for another two days.The boy mustn't go to school yet , Mrs Williams . And he mustn't eat rich food .	Does he have a temperature , doctor ?	No , he doesn ’ t .	Must he stay in bed ?	I don't know what you mean by that.
dull-0586	Hello ! This is Ruby speaking from G . O . T . International Travel Agency . What can I do for you ?	I ’ d like to make a reservation for my trip from Detroit to Beijing on April 13 on Trans Pacific Airline .	Do you want a single ticket or a round trip ticket ?	I ’ d like to have a round trip ticket with a one-year open return .	Economy or Business Class ?	Economy , please . How much is it ?	It will be $ 850 .	Very good . Could I get an electronic ticket ? I ’ m always afraid of losing my tickets .	It will be $ 850 .
dull-0587	Hi , I'm George . I'll be your waiter this evening . Are you ready to order or do you need a few more minutes ?	I'm ready now . I'd like the roast chicken and a side order of corn .	And would you like an appetizer before your meal ? The soup of the day is our delicious tomato soup .	I'll pass on the soup , but I'd like a garden salad .	Can I get you anything to drink ? :	Yes , I'd like a glass of iced tea .	That is cool.
dull-0588	How old is Keith ?	He's 21 . How old is James ?	He's a year older than Keith , but he looks younger .	How's your father ?	He's fine . He retired last week . It's a turning point in his life . Now he can relax and enjoy his retirement .	That is amazing.
dull-0589	Do you have anything to do after this ?	No , I don't .	Shall we drop in somewhere for a couple of drinks ?	That sounds like a good idea .	I know a very interesting place .	That sounds like a good idea .
dull-0590	Susan is going to get a divorce .	How do you know that ?	That is a good question.
dull-0591	I only want a little off the top and the sides and back to have clean lines .	Okay . Is your hair naturally curly or is it a perm ?	That is a great question.
dull-0592	Can I help you ?	I don't know what you mean by that.
dull-0593	How silly of you to jump out of the window !	But that was the first thing that came into my mind when I heard the shout earthquake !	Why not use staircases ? The terror was not so violent at that time .	That would be too late .	That is good.
dull-0594	Did you read the letter in the paper about smoking ? The person who wrote that must be crazy .	I don ’ t think so . I think the government should do everything it can to discourage people from smoking .	Maybe so . But a law banning cigarettes will do no good .	I don ’ t think so . I think the government should do everything it can to discourage people from smoking .
dull-0595	Believe it or not , one of the narrowest street in the world is only 49cm wide .	Unbelievable ! How do people go through it ?	Believe it or not , one of the narrowest street in the world is only 49cm wide .
dull-0596	What do you think of doctor Thomson ?	That is a good question.
dull-0597	I didn ’ t receive an unemployment check this week and need to know why .	Did you mail us your last Continued Claim Form ?	I am afraid that I forgot to send it in .	We cannot pay you unless you turn that form in every two weeks .	I am afraid that I forgot to send it in .
dull-0598	Guess who I saw just now ?	Who ?	John Smith , the escaped criminal .	I love that.
dull-0599	Would you come to spend the weekend with us ?	Oh , I ’ m afraid I can ’ t . I ’ Ve had a date already .	I am happy for you!
dull-0600	What's your favorite book ?	It's Gone With the Wind .	I am happy for you!
dull-0601	Hey Jimmy . Let's go workout later today .	Sure . What time do you want to go ?	How about at 3:30 ?	I am very happy to hear that.
dull-0602	I need help with the office party .	Yes , of course . We could split it . What part would you like to do , the food or the entertainment ?	I have no idea what the entertainment should be .	Let's make sure we are on the same page . Do we want a formal or informal gathering ?	Let's make it a formal affair .	Yes , that would be best . Now , for food should we have Chinese or American food ?	Let's make it a formal affair .
dull-0603	So , Paula , where are you from ?	I'm from Canada , originally .	From Canada ? Where were you born ?	Montreal .	When did you come to Los Angeles ?	We moved here when I was fourteen .	Did you go to school here ?	Well , I went to high school here , but I went to college in Texas .	Did you get a job right after graduation ?	No , I traveled for a while in Europe after college , and then I lived in France .	When was that ?	I don't know what you mean by that.
dull-0604	Rock music really leaves me cold . What about you ?	I don't know what you mean by that.
dull-0605	Hi , I made a reservation for a mid-size vehicle . The name is Jimmy Fox .	I ’ m sorry , we have no mid-size available at the moment .	I don ’ t understand , I made a reservation , do you have my reservation ?	Yes , we do , unfortunately we ran out of cars .	But the reservation keeps the car here . That ’ s why you have the reservation .	I know why we have reservations .	I don ’ t think you do.If you did , I ’ d have a car.See , you know how to take the reservation , you just don ’ t know how to hold the reservation and that ’ s really the most important part of the reservation , the holding . Anybody can just take them .	But we do have a compact or an SUV if you ’ d like .	Fine . I ’ ll take the compact .	But we do have a compact or an SUV if you ’ d like .
dull-0606	Good morning . Thank you for the interview .	No problem . Now , do you prefer working with others or flying solo ?	Actually , I enjoy both .	So , what is most important to you in a job ? Do you need job security or professional growth and a chance to advance ?	Actually , I enjoy both .
dull-0607	Who's it knocking at the door ?	That is a good question.
dull-0608	What kind of personality do you think you have ?	I'm quite active and energetic . I approach things enthusiastically and I don't like to leave things half-done .	Do you think you are introverted or extroverted ?	I'm quite outgoing i think . I enjoy mixing and doing things with others .	I like that.
dull-0609	I know you have a son . How old is he ?	Let me think what I have to say about that!
dull-0610	Hi . I ’ m here to catch flight 513 to New York .	May I see your ticket please ?	Here you are . Do you need to see my passport ?	Wow, great question!
dull-0611	Good evening , madam . Can I help you ?	Yes . I bought this sheet here yesterday .	Anything wrong with it ?	Yes . When I spread it out back home , I found this hole .	Oh , how awful ! May I have a look at the invoice ?	Wow, great question!
dull-0612	Hello , Madam . What can we do for you today ?	I don't know what you mean by that.
dull-0613	Hi , I think I was supposed to call for my test results today .	If you go onto our website and put in your password , you can access your test results .	Are you saying that there weren ’ t any problems ?	I will always have you come in for a discussion if there is a major problem .	Will I be able to read the results on the website and understand them ?	Yes , if you go there , you can see what each test is about .	How will I know what the numbers mean ?	You can see your results and how they compare to the normal range .	I love that.
dull-0614	I heard that you finished my home inspection , and I was wondering how it went .	First of all , we need to understand what I was looking for . Do you know what the purpose of an inspection is ?	I am not sure what a home inspection is all about .	I went there to check for problems with the home , so you aren ’ t surprised when you move in .	Wouldn ’ t the owners have told me about any problems ?	Sellers aren ’ t always truthful , and there might also be problems that they aren ’ t aware of .	Nice!
dull-0615	So , Paula , where are you from ?	I'm from Canada , originally .	From Canada ? Where were you born ?	Montreal .	When did you come to Los Angeles ?	We moved here when I was fourteen .	Did you go to school here ?	Well , I went to high school here , but I went to college in Texas .	Did you get a job right after graduation ?	Well , I went to high school here , but I went to college in Texas .
dull-0616	I want to take a look at that home with the Open House flags out front .	What a wonderful neighborhood ! Can you find that house on our Open House list ?	Let me think what I have to say about that!
dull-0617	Good morning . what can I do for you ?	I'm looking for some earrings for my wife as a wedding anniversary gift .	You've come to the right store . We've got a beautiful and wide selection of earrings for you to choose from .	I saw a pair of earrings outside your window . Can you show them to me ?	Do you mean the exquisite pearl earrings ?	I see.
dull-0618	Steven , I'm going abroad by plane for the first time tomorrow . Can you give me some advice ? And what should I pay attention to ?	First , you should have enough sleep to get over the jet lag before the departure . Most people will suffer from jet lag for a few days after a long flight .	I will go to bed early tonight .	Do you have an airsickness ?	I don't know . But I have a carsickness .	I am happy for you!
dull-0619	Is there anything worth watching on another channel ?	I think there ’ s a Western on .	Do you mind if we watch it . I ’ d really like to see it .	Well , I really wanted to see the football game .	Football game ? Ok , and you know what comes on next ?	I believe there ’ s a sitcom .	Are you interested in watching it ?	Let me look in the TV Guide first .	Oh , I am sorry . What's on Channel 2 at 10 pm ?	I don't have a good answer to that.
dull-0620	Why didn't you tell me you had a girlfriend ?	Sorry , I thought you knew .	But you should have told me you were in love with her .	Didn't I ?	That question does not make sense to me.
dull-0621	Do you know Sally ?	Wow, great question!
dull-0622	I'd like to speak Dr.Johnson .	Sorry , but he's not in . May I take a message for you ?	This is Robert Jordan.Would you ask him to call me back , please ?	I like that.
dull-0623	Can you direct me to Holiday inn ?	That is a great question.
dull-0624	Did you watch the volleyball match last night ?	Yeah .	Who won ?	Yeah .
dull-0625	It was really hard for our parents to save money when they were young .	Most people were living form hand to mouth . How could they ?	It was really hard for our parents to save money when they were young .
dull-0626	How can we develop a new brand image with no direction whatsoever ?	With the fifty forwards he sent out today , maybe we'll inadvertently get inspired .	That is great.
dull-0627	How many people are there in your family ?	Wow, great question!
dull-0628	I should tell you that I'm checking out in about 30 minutes .	I'm ready when you are , sir .	Very good ! Now , it's still morning here in New York .	You are so right , sir . The clock just struck nine .	I'm going to spend some time exploring the city . What can I do with my luggage ?	Sir , right here we have a storage site . Its only $ 5 an hour , but you need to leave a deposit .	I am happy for you!
dull-0629	What do you think of Frank ?	He is all right . But I think he seems to have no back bone .	I love that.
dull-0630	So what do you think of my new dress ?	I think it's great ! I really like the color , and it goes really well with your eyes . I've actually been eyeing that dress at Maxine's for a while now , but I wasn't sure I could afford ninety-five dollars for a dress at the moment .	That is cool.
dull-0631	Dave , there's something I want to talk to you about .	Zina , why are you whispering ?	I've been talking to WebTracker . I'm thinking of jumping ship .	What ? Are you serious ? You'd defect to our archrival ! ?	That is a great question.
dull-0632	have you ever been invited to a Chinese feast ?	sure . Beijingers are distinguished for their warmth and hospitality .	That is great.
dull-0633	Good morning . May I help you ?	Yes , I'd like to check out now . My name's Adams , room 312 . Here's the key .	One moment , please , sir . ... Here's your bill . Would you like to check and see if the amount is correct ?	What's the 14 pounds for ?	That's for the phone calls you made from your room .	Can I pay with traveller's cheques ?	Certainly . May I have your passport , please ?	Here you are .	Could you sign each cheque here for me ?	Here you are .
dull-0634	Good morning , Passport , please .	Here you are .	Ah , thank you.Please bring your luggage here for inspection .	Here you are .
dull-0635	pompous . How may I help you ?	Yes , I'd like to reserve a table for dinner .	How large a group are you expecting ?	Six couples .	Would you like to reserve a private dining room ?	I don't know what you mean by that.
dull-0636	That's all the general information of our company . I think you already have good knowledge about our company .	Yes , I have an overall understanding .	When we have the final results , we will call you .	Then when will I get a reply at the latest ?	That is a great question.
dull-0637	So what do you think of my new dress ?	I think it's great ! I really like the color , and it goes really well with your eyes . I've actually been eyeing that dress at Maxine's for a while now , but I wasn't sure I could afford ninety-five dollars for a dress at the moment .	Um , ninety-five dollars ?	I think it's great ! I really like the color , and it goes really well with your eyes . I've actually been eyeing that dress at Maxine's for a while now , but I wasn't sure I could afford ninety-five dollars for a dress at the moment .
dull-0638	I ’ m afraid I spoke in all of the table clock .	Never mind about that .	I ’ m afraid I spoke in all of the table clock .
dull-0639	I have puzzled my brain about how to teach the children .	What is your problem ?	Wow, great question!
dull-0640	I hear you are expecting your family .	Yes , my parents , and soon my brother as well .	I didn't know you had a brother .	Oh , yes , he is two years older than me . He lives in New Zealand so I don't see him that often .	Oh , nice . Is he coming on his own or with the family ?	His son is coming as well . He wants to go to university here in England so they will visit a few universities while they are here .	Does your brother have just one son ?	I don't know what you mean by that.
dull-0641	I have puzzled my brain about how to teach the children .	What is your problem ?	I have puzzled my brain about how to teach the children .
dull-0642	I want a pair of sports shoes , Adidas .	What size do you want ?	I wear size 40 .	That is great.
dull-0643	It's said that John's broken up .	Really ? But his wife has always waited on him hand and foot .	It's said that John's broken up .
dull-0644	Is there anything wrong ?	I ’ m worried about my daughter . She can ’ t decide about college .	I see.
dull-0645	Which university did you graduate from ?	Let me think what I have to say about that!
dull-0646	Would you please show me the necklace in the window ?	Is this the one you want ?	No , the one next to it .	Here you are .	Thanks . What kind of stone is this ?	It's a ruby . It is from South Africa . Would you like to try it on ?	I don't have a good answer to that.
dull-0647	Mary seems depressed . What ’ s the matter ?	Wow, great question!
dull-0648	Is there anything wrong ?	That question does not make sense to me.
dull-0649	Have you enjoyed your weekend ?	That is a good question.
dull-0650	Honey , the house is such a mess ! I need you to help me tidy up a bit . My boss and her husband are coming over for dinner and the house needs to be spotless !	I ’ m in the middle of something right now . I ’ ll be there in a second .	This can ’ t wait ! I need your help now !	Alright , alright . I ’ m coming .	Ok , here ’ s a list of chores we need to get done . I'll do the dishes and get all the groceries for tonight . You can sweep and mop the floors . Oh , and the furniture needs to be dusted .	You know what , I have to pick something up at the mall , so why don ’ t you clean the floors and I'll go to the supermarket and get all the groceries .	Sure that ’ s fine . Here is the list of all the things you need to get . Don't forget anything ! And can you pick up a bottle of wine on your way home ?	Hey , honey I ’ m back . Wow , the house looks really good !	Great ! Can you set the table ?	Let me think what I have to say about that!
dull-0651	What happened ? Why didn't he win ?	Didn't you hear ? He was disqualified .	How did that happen ? He's so talented ! I thought he had a great chance of winning a gold medal !	I see.
dull-0652	Could I have some fish ?	Certainly . And what vegetables would you like ?	Oh , spinach , I think .	Fine , And what about something to drink ?	Just a beer , please .	I see.
dull-0653	What's the matter , John ? you seemed to be restless today .	You see , I've been offered a new job . I can't decide whether to take it or not .	Oh , that's easy . If it's better than the one you are doing now , go for it . That's my advice .	It isn't that easy . I hate to quit my present job . People around here are very nice and the work itself is challenging .	Then what about the salary ? Would you get more ?	Yes , they say I would get a big sum .	I like that.
dull-0654	Hi , Ellen . That outfit looks terrific !	Thanks , Jim . I didn ’ t think guys paid attention to stuff like that .	Hi , Ellen . That outfit looks terrific !
dull-0655	Abby Park Hotel . Can I help you ?	Yes , I would like to book a room for my wife and myself .	Certainly sir . Could I have your arrival and departure dates ?	We will be arriving on Tuesday next week and staying for two days .	We have a double room for you with a nice view of the park . Would that be OK ?	Yes , that would be great . How much is the room ?	It is ninety-five pounds per night . It is a double room with a bathroom . There is a fridge , coffee maker and a television in the room .	Does the bathroom have a bath or a shower ?	All our bathrooms have full size baths with a shower attachment .	Does the room have an Internet connection ?	Yes , all our rooms have complimentary wireless Internet .	Excellent . Do you serve breakfast in the hotel ?	Yes , breakfast is included in the price . Our guests have the choice of a full English breakfast or a continental breakfast .	That is good.
dull-0656	Yesterday I had a quarrel with my roommate . I'm really fed up with all this .	Tell me what seems to be the problem .	Yesterday I had a quarrel with my roommate . I'm really fed up with all this .
dull-0657	Hey Nick , what are you up to ?	Not much , just heading over to the shooting range . You wanna come ?	Seriously ? You mean to fire a real weapon ? I don ’ t know man .	Yeah , it will be fun ! I have a 9mm pistol that is really easy to shoot . I also have a revolver that ’ s really fun too ! They have big targets at the range that we could use to practice and improve your aim .	Yeah that would be cool ! Maybe I can also have a try at other weapons like a machine gun or a shotgun ! Maybe even a rocket launcher or an anti tank missile ! Or what about a flame thrower !	Yeah , it will be fun ! I have a 9mm pistol that is really easy to shoot . I also have a revolver that ’ s really fun too ! They have big targets at the range that we could use to practice and improve your aim .
dull-0658	Good afternoon . Can I help you ?	Wow, great question!
dull-0659	I want to see the man responsible for selling typewriters .	My name is Steven . I'm the Sales Manager of this company .	Well , look here . Ten new typewriters were delivered to my company yesterday afternoon and only five of them work properly .	Oh , I'm sorry about that .	Never mind being sorry , what are you going to do about it ?	That question does not make sense to me.
dull-0660	I have to check out now . My name is Ruth Carson . Can I have my bill , please ?	Yes , it's $ 167 .	Wow.
dull-0661	Can I help you ?	Yes , I would like to buy a Walkman . Can you tell me about the models you have ?	Well , we have a lot of models here.Did you want to listen to CD's or cassettes or the radio ?	Mostly cassette tapes .	Alright . There are several models you may want to look at.This Kreng portable cassette player is very good .	Kreng ? I've never heard of that company .	It's a German company.This unit has auto-reverse , recording capability , and an AM / FM radio band.It also has a built-in microphone .	I suppose I don't want that one then . I don't like auto-reverse . It breaks too easily .	Really ? Have you had an auto-reverse break before ?	Yes , twice now . I think it's too high-tech , and so it's the first part that breaks .	Hmm . You know , the problem might be dust . Did you clean the unit often ?	Yes , twice now . I think it's too high-tech , and so it's the first part that breaks .
dull-0662	This looks like a very nice house .	You know , I fell in love with this house the first moment I laid eyes on it .	The style of the exterior is just what I ’ Ve been looking for !	The exterior is only half of the story . The interior is incredible .	This home is gorgeous on the inside !	The exterior is only half of the story . The interior is incredible .
dull-0663	What do you think about the equipment in our company ?	We have to equip our company with a network of work stations at every office and show room as soon as possible .	That is great.
dull-0664	Let ’ s play a game !	OK ! How about Scrabble ?	I don't have a good answer to that.
dull-0665	How did you find your apartment ?	You can check on the bulletin boards at school for local housing .	What if I need a roommate ?	You can check on the bulletin boards at school for local housing .
dull-0666	How about eating out for a drink with me tonight .	Tonight ? I'm afraid I can't . I've promised Mark to go to the gym . Can we make it tomorrow ?	Let me think what I have to say about that!
dull-0667	What's the matter , John ? you seemed to be restless today .	You see , I've been offered a new job . I can't decide whether to take it or not .	Oh , that's easy . If it's better than the one you are doing now , go for it . That's my advice .	It isn't that easy . I hate to quit my present job . People around here are very nice and the work itself is challenging .	Then what about the salary ? Would you get more ?	Yes , they say I would get a big sum .	That is amazing.
dull-0668	that was a really good meal , Gordon .	It sure was . I couldn't eat another bite .	well , it is getting pretty late . I think we should go home .	you're right . I have to get up early to go to work tomorrow .	let's see how much the bill is .	you're right . I have to get up early to go to work tomorrow .
dull-0669	What ’ s the Mountaineering Club doing this weekend ?	We are going to climb a cliff on the Colorado River .	How hard is the climb ?	It is a very difficult climb because there are not many places to put your hands and feet .	What did you do last week ?	We rappelled down the side of 300 - foot cliff . It was very exciting .	Wow ! That sounds like a lot of fun . I ’ m sorry I missed it .	Well , you should come this weekend . I think you could do the climb .	Wow ! That sounds like a lot of fun . I ’ m sorry I missed it .
dull-0670	Hello , Mrs.White ! I'm Anne .	Nice to see you with us , Anne.Please make yourself at home .	Hello , Mrs.White ! I'm Anne .
dull-0671	What do you think I should do , doctor ?	Why don't you try Chinese herbal medicine ?	That is a great question.
dull-0672	May I see your ticket and passport , PLS ?	Sure , here they are .	Any luggage ?	Just this suitcase .	Your backpack is very big and today's flight is quite full . I am afraid that you will have to check your backpack too .	No problem . What about this carry-on ?	You can take that with you .	Can I have an aisle seat , PLS .	No problem . I'll give you an aisle seat in the center row . And here is your ticket , passport and boarding pass . Please board the plane at Gate 15 .	Thank you . And when is the latest time for me to board the plane ?	15mins before the plane takes off . The plane is scheduled to leave on time .	Nice!
dull-0673	Have you ever shopped online ?	Quite often . It is very convenient , saving me a lot of time .	Do you have some experiences to share with me ? I want to have a try .	You are asking the right person . Here are two very important tips . First , you need to visit no more than one site to find the best products and prices . I can recommend you some online merchants . Second , write your mail address correctly . Otherwise , you can ’ t receive your delivery in time .	What about the registration procedure ? Is that complicated ?	That is a good question.
dull-0674	Can you tell that I ’ m excited ?	What are you excited about ?	I voted today .	Was this your first time ?	I just turned 18 a month ago .	You ’ re lucky .	What do you mean ?	Because you turned 18 in an election year .	I didn ’ t even think of that .	You didn ’ t ?	I really didn ’ t , but I ’ m still excited .	I like that.
dull-0675	I'd like to withdraw some money from my account .	Can I see your passbook and the withdrawal slip , please ?	Sure .	Let me just make sure . You want to withdraw one thousand dollars ?	Sure .
dull-0676	Should we ask Jason to play ? He's always watching movies on HBO .	I guess we should invite him . I just hope he doesn't start talking about Sylvester Stallone and Arnold Schwarzenegger again .	Oh , come on ! The game is better with three people . Anyway , if we don't ask him to play , he'll be mad .	I guess we should invite him . I just hope he doesn't start talking about Sylvester Stallone and Arnold Schwarzenegger again .
dull-0677	Good morning ! I am a new comer in our office .	Good morning ! Welcome to our office !	Nice to meet you ! My name is Grace Williams .	Nice to meet you too ! I am Peter Smith .	Today is my first day at work !	Nice to meet you too ! I am Peter Smith .
dull-0678	What do you think of Frank ?	He is all right . But I think he seems to have no back bone .	Why do you say that ?	He is all right . But I think he seems to have no back bone .
dull-0679	I want to take a look at that home with the Open House flags out front .	What a wonderful neighborhood ! Can you find that house on our Open House list ?	Yes , that is one of the houses that we have on our list .	They always make the front yards look so great for Open Houses . Let ’ s see what the inside looks like .	I am going to go sign my name in the registry to let the listing agent know that we were here .	Signing the registry is a good idea . I think I want to see the kitchen next .	I am going to go sign my name in the registry to let the listing agent know that we were here .
dull-0680	Honey , I ’ ll be right back !	Where are you going ?	I told you already ! I ’ m going to get my nails done .	Again ? You just went last week ! You spend more time at the nail salon than you do here at home ! Honestly , why do you need a manicure every week ?	Well , first of all , I like to pamper myself , and my nails look great . You should come with me !	I see.
dull-0681	Hi , there . Look at these . I have collected some ads here . There is a special promotion for Mother's Day this weekend .	Oh , yes . Mother's Day is coming . Do you plan to buy anything ?	Of course . I want to buy some night cream for my mom , and some masques for myself .	Hmm . In Carrefour , Clinique will be promoting their visible skin renewed cream .	How much is it ?	180 yuan , and you can get a free 8 piece gift package .	What's included in the gift package ?	I don't know what you mean by that.
dull-0682	Do you have anything to do after this ?	No , I don't .	Shall we drop in somewhere for a couple of drinks ?	That sounds like a good idea .	I love that.
dull-0683	Hi , Kenny . Let's go for a drink .	Sounds good . Where are we going ?	Somewhere new . It's a great place to pick up chicks .	Need a new . girlfriend , huh ?	That is a great question.
dull-0684	Can you speak Japanese ?	Yes , I can , but not very well .	Where did you learn it ?	At school . And I'm still learning it now .	How long have you been learning it ?	At school . And I'm still learning it now .
dull-0685	Did you set your clock forward for daylight savings time ?	What ? Why do we have to do that ?	Well , at the start of the spring we usually have more daylight in the mornings and less in the afternoon . This is basically due to our position on the planet and the rotation of the earth . In any case , to take better advantage of the daylight available , we compensate by moving our clocks forward one hour .	I love that.
dull-0686	Hey , May , look , Is that the the poster of the movie we saw yesterday ?	Yes , that's right . That's the poster of the The Witch .	May , I really regret watching it with you last night .	Did it scare you ?	Wow, great question!
dull-0687	So tell me , what's the difference between the Board of Directors , the CEO , and the stockholders ? They all seems ot be the same group of people to me ...	I don't have a good answer to that.
dull-0688	What happened , John ?	Nothing .	Why do you look unhappy ?	I ’ m rather disappointed at not being able to see my best friend off .	Oh , cheer up . He ’ ll understand you .	I ’ m rather disappointed at not being able to see my best friend off .
dull-0689	Hey , did you hear about Jessica's party this weekend ?	Yeah , but I'm still waiting for my invitation .	Oh really ? She gave me mine earlier today .	Well , she'll probably just give me my invitation later on today .	Yeah , so are you planning on going ?	I don't know what you mean by that.
dull-0690	Do you really have to work today ?	Yes . I'm afraid so .	I like that.
dull-0691	I have a terrible toothache .	Which tooth is it ?	I don't have a good answer to that.
dull-0692	What do you think of doctor Thomson ?	I feel confident of his ability to cure my daughter's disease .	How can you be so sure ?	I feel confident of his ability to cure my daughter's disease .
dull-0693	I should tell you that I'm checking out in about 30 minutes .	I'm ready when you are , sir .	Very good ! Now , it's still morning here in New York .	You are so right , sir . The clock just struck nine .	Very good ! Now , it's still morning here in New York .
dull-0694	Good afternoon !	Good afternoon ! Sit down , please.How are you ?	I'm very well , thank you.How are you ?	Very well too , thank you very much.Isn ' t it a lovely day ?	That is very interesting.
dull-0695	Lin's office supplies . How may I direct your call ?	I don't have a good answer to that.
dull-0696	I should tell you that I'm checking out in about 30 minutes .	I'm ready when you are , sir .	Very good ! Now , it's still morning here in New York .	You are so right , sir . The clock just struck nine .	I'm going to spend some time exploring the city . What can I do with my luggage ?	Let me think what I have to say about that!
dull-0697	I can't believe how hot it is .	It's not even noon yet .	That means it will get hotter .	I am dying from the heat .	Turn on the air conditioner .	It doesn't work .	What happened ?	I don't know .	That is cool.
dull-0698	Cindy , how come nearly all the prime-time TV shows are comedies ?	That is a good question.
dull-0699	Hey , could you help me try and figure out how to get ready for my job interview ?	The most important thing to do is to make sure you know the company and what services or products it provides . Do you know all about them ?	Yes , I pretty much understand the company .	Well , after you've done your research , you have to decide whether the company is casual or formal . Have you decided what they are yet ?	Yes , I've been observing them .	When you are choosing what to wear , keep all of that in mind . Have you chosen what to wear ?	I already have something to wear .	I would always be ready to go shopping with you ! Should we talk about other basics ?	OK , I am ready to think of other things .	I love that.
dull-0700	So , Monica , how do you like your new office ?	Well , I love it . The room is spacious and clean with big windows and a lot of sunshine . There are plants along the corridor . Especially , I got my own desk with computer and telephone . Such a great place !	That ’ s very good . I once turn down a job offer just because the office is awful .	Well , I love it . The room is spacious and clean with big windows and a lot of sunshine . There are plants along the corridor . Especially , I got my own desk with computer and telephone . Such a great place !
dull-0701	Good morning . what can I do for you ?	I'm looking for some earrings for my wife as a wedding anniversary gift .	You've come to the right store . We've got a beautiful and wide selection of earrings for you to choose from .	I saw a pair of earrings outside your window . Can you show them to me ?	Do you mean the exquisite pearl earrings ?	Exactly . How much do you want for them ?	They're only three thousand yuan .	What is this setting made of ?	Well , it's specially made of a platinum alloy , sir , and the lustre will never fade out .	I'II take them . Please wrap them up tor me and give me the receipt .	Well , it's specially made of a platinum alloy , sir , and the lustre will never fade out .
dull-0702	Hi . I ’ m here to catch flight 513 to New York .	May I see your ticket please ?	Here you are . Do you need to see my passport ?	Any form of picture I . D . will do .	Mmmm ... a photo I . D . I have my New Jersey driver ’ s license . Is that ok ?	That will do . What an interesting picture ! How old is it ?	I like that.
dull-0703	how are you ?	I ’ m fine , thanks . Just trying to get adjusted . It ’ s hard to keep track of everything around here .	I see.
dull-0704	What do you think I should do , doctor ?	Why don't you try Chinese herbal medicine ?	Wow.
dull-0705	hello ! What are you reading about in the newspaper ?	hello ! I was exhausted form studying , so I decided to read the newspaper to relax . Unfortunately , the news is so depressing . There has been another murder in the city center . I ’ m shocked that the pole	people are starting to get frightened by it . Everyone will be relieved when they finally catch the murder .	you mean if they catch the murderer . I ’ m scared stiff about going into the city center at night .	there must have been some good news in the newspaper . I can ’ t believe that none of the news stories make you happy or excited .	well , there was one good piece of news . You remember the local girl who was dying of a rare blood disease ?	yes . Her parents were raising money to have her treated in the united states .	I am very happy to hear that.
dull-0706	Oh , my God . I can't take it any more .	What's wrong , honey ? Take it easy .	I am tired of doing that boring work . I just repeat doing counting everyday . It's so terrible .	Me too . But I think we can do something else for a change .	You know I work with my professional knowledge not passion . Sometimes I don't know what the meaning of working is ?	But you did a good job . You always perform the best in our company .	Yes , that's in the past . Maybe I need to go to my psychologist for help .	Perhaps you've just tired and you need a vacation .	I was full of ambitions before . But now I have no aim for my career .	Maybe we should keep on studying to enrich our knowledge and make our life exciting .	That sounds interesting . But I don't know how to do that .	How about a training course ?	A training course ? That must be costly .	I don't have a good answer to that.
dull-0707	are you a blogger ?	sure I am . I've been writing a blog for almost three years .	oh , it seems that I'm the only one who never blogs . When did you get started ?	I began blogging when I first went to the US for my graduate strides .	what do you usually write about ?	That is a great question.
dull-0708	So I'm on the fifth floor ? How come this hotel has no fourth floor .	I don't have a good answer to that.
dull-0709	Do you know that the dolphin is the most intelligent animal in the world ?	Yes . Dolphins have a big brain and they are very smart . They are also the fastest swimmers in the world .	They must be amazing animals .	They are . I read a story about a dolphin saving a A from drowning in the sea .	I read that story too . They seem to be able to understand men .	They are . I read a story about a dolphin saving a A from drowning in the sea .
dull-0710	Like a cat on hot bricks , as you might say . I don ’ t believe you are listening at all .	Sorry , I just worried about him . You know , he should be here an hour ago .	Like a cat on hot bricks , as you might say . I don ’ t believe you are listening at all .
dull-0711	May I help you with something ?	I would like to return some books .	I ’ ll take them .	Here you go .	These books were due two weeks ago .	Yeah . I totally forgot they were due .	You will need to pay late fees on these books .	How much are the late fees ?	The fee is 25 cents every day .	Wow.
dull-0712	Do you believe in UFOs ?	Of course , they are out there .	But I never saw them .	Are you stupid ? They are called UFOs , so not everybody can see them .	You mean that you can them .	That's right . I can see them in my dreams .	They come to the earth ?	No . Their task is to send the aliens here from the outer space .	Aliens from the outer space ? Do you talk to them ? What do they look like ?	Wow, great question!
dull-0713	Did you get Bean's ten different good luck forwards , like that one from the Dalai Lama ?	Yeah , I deleted all that superstitious crap . What a waste of bandwidth !	Nice!
dull-0714	Good afternoon . I've brought the extra blanket you asked for .	Oh , thank you .	Is there anything I can do for you now ?	Wow, great question!
dull-0715	pompous . How may I help you ?	Yes , I'd like to reserve a table for dinner .	How large a group are you expecting ?	Six couples .	I like that.
dull-0716	Are you ready for the camping trip ?	All set . I've got my makeup , my Cds , and my portable TV set ...	Hello ! We're supposed to be getting back to nature .	Yeah , yeah . Anyway ... I'm packed . Are you ?	That is a good question.
dull-0717	How are the children doing at sport ?	I ’ m very pleased with their performances . Timmy can cover the 100 meters in 12 seconds . That ’ s very fast for a kid his age .	He ’ s not very good at the long jump though , is he ?	He ’ s not bad . He can jump a distance of over four meters . I think he just prefers running to jumping . Jimmy ’ s very good at the high jump . He can jump over two meters . Again , that ’ s fine for someone his age .	I love that.
dull-0718	Have you decided what you ’ re going to do during your holiday ?	Yes . I ’ m going to travel around Europe .	I am very happy to hear that.
dull-0719	Broadway Mall is having a big sale this weekend . You wanna go ?	Don't feel like it . I'm broke .	That is very interesting.
dull-0720	What do you need today ?	I need to take a few classes .	What kind of classes would you like to take ?	I don't have a good answer to that.
dull-0721	Are you free this weekend , Miss Rose ?	Yes , I am . What's up ?	That is amazing.
dull-0722	Honey , the house is such a mess ! I need you to help me tidy up a bit . My boss and her husband are coming over for dinner and the house needs to be spotless !	I ’ m in the middle of something right now . I ’ ll be there in a second .	This can ’ t wait ! I need your help now !	Alright , alright . I ’ m coming .	Ok , here ’ s a list of chores we need to get done . I'll do the dishes and get all the groceries for tonight . You can sweep and mop the floors . Oh , and the furniture needs to be dusted .	You know what , I have to pick something up at the mall , so why don ’ t you clean the floors and I'll go to the supermarket and get all the groceries .	Sure that ’ s fine . Here is the list of all the things you need to get . Don't forget anything ! And can you pick up a bottle of wine on your way home ?	Hey , honey I ’ m back . Wow , the house looks really good !	That is amazing.
dull-0723	Were you able to attend Friday night's basketball game ?	That question does not make sense to me.
dull-0724	what was your wedding ceremony like , Abigail ?	my husband and I got married in a registry office with just two friends there as witnesses . But then we had three parties to celebrate .	three parties ? That's quite a lot . That must have been expensive !	well , since my husband and I are from two different countries , and we live in a third country , we decided to have one in each country . It wasn't actually that expensive .	were your parents upset that they weren't there to see you get married ?	well , since my husband and I are from two different countries , and we live in a third country , we decided to have one in each country . It wasn't actually that expensive .
dull-0725	Hello . I bought a China dress in your shop this morning .	Yes ?	I bought it one size up by mistake .	I am very happy to hear that.
dull-0726	Good morning . May I help you ?	Yes , I'd like to check out now . My name's Adams , room 312 . Here's the key .	One moment , please , sir . ... Here's your bill . Would you like to check and see if the amount is correct ?	What's the 14 pounds for ?	That's for the phone calls you made from your room .	Can I pay with traveller's cheques ?	Certainly . May I have your passport , please ?	That is cool.
dull-0727	Honey , the house is such a mess ! I need you to help me tidy up a bit . My boss and her husband are coming over for dinner and the house needs to be spotless !	I ’ m in the middle of something right now . I ’ ll be there in a second .	This can ’ t wait ! I need your help now !	Alright , alright . I ’ m coming .	Ok , here ’ s a list of chores we need to get done . I'll do the dishes and get all the groceries for tonight . You can sweep and mop the floors . Oh , and the furniture needs to be dusted .	You know what , I have to pick something up at the mall , so why don ’ t you clean the floors and I'll go to the supermarket and get all the groceries .	Sure that ’ s fine . Here is the list of all the things you need to get . Don't forget anything ! And can you pick up a bottle of wine on your way home ?	Hey , honey I ’ m back . Wow , the house looks really good !	Great ! Can you set the table ?	Let me think what I have to say about that!
dull-0728	Good afternoon , sir . Have you made a reservation ?	I am afraid not . Are there any vacant tables ?	I don't think so . You have to wait for about 10 minutes .	That is cool.
dull-0729	The restaurant across the street hired a new Chinese chef , so I ordered some Chinese food there for this evening .	Good . I love Chinese food . What did you order ?	Something hot and spicy . They look very inviting on the menu . You are going to love them .	Maybe we can find a place to learn some Chinese cooking . I hear there's a place in Chinatown where you can take some courses . Are you interested ?	I'm not sure . I don't enjoy cooking that much . As long as we can order it from a restaurant , we don't have to learn to do it by ourselves .	I am happy for you!
dull-0730	Unfortunately , according to our regulations I have to confiscate these counterfeit notes .	So , this 500 RIB is worthless ?	Wow, great question!
dull-0731	He said I have a big nose . I wonder what that means .	You are interested in other people ’ s business , aren ’ t you ?	Wow, great question!
dull-0732	Can you speak Japanese ?	Yes , I can , but not very well .	Where did you learn it ?	At school . And I'm still learning it now .	How long have you been learning it ?	About three years .	I see.
dull-0733	Hello , Sir . How can we help you today ?	That is a good question.
dull-0734	We are just going round the corner for a drink . Won't you join us ?	Well , I'd like to , but I am not sure I have time .	I love that.
dull-0735	The boss announces the pay raise today , right ? How much do you think we'll get ?	No idea . Your guess is as good as mine .	It better be more than last year .	No idea . Your guess is as good as mine .
dull-0736	Do you have any hobbies ?	Let me think what I have to say about that!
dull-0737	I want some cosmetics.Could you recommend some ?	I think Pond's is the best .	And they're very dear , too .	I think Pond's is the best .
dull-0738	What kind of permanent would you like to have ?	what kinds do you have ?	Oh , yeah , It ’ s quite of variety . Regular , cold perm , straight perm , pink curl and form .	I love that.
dull-0739	Hey , could you help me try and figure out how to get ready for my job interview ?	I don't know what you mean by that.
dull-0740	So I'm on the fifth floor ? How come this hotel has no fourth floor .	Four is an unlucky number here , Peter.Four sounds like death in Chinese.Hotels often have no fourth floor .	I love that.
dull-0741	Sarah , you don't look so good . What's the matter ?	That is a good question.
dull-0742	The weather is terrible .	Yeah . It's been raining a lot these days .	I have been watching a lot of videos at home because of the constant rain .	Have you heard when it's supposed to get better ?	I saw the weather report , and it's going to rain for the next eight days .	That sucks so much . What are we going to do ?	That question does not make sense to me.
dull-0743	pompous . How may I help you ?	Yes , I'd like to reserve a table for dinner .	How large a group are you expecting ?	Wow, great question!
dull-0744	It's especially cold when the wind is blowing .	Why don't you wear a scarf ?	I don't have a good answer to that.
dull-0745	So tell me , what's the difference between the Board of Directors , the CEO , and the stockholders ? They all seems ot be the same group of people to me ...	That is a great question.
dull-0746	How can I help you ?	Yes , I am James Mason from Anderson and Associates . I would like to see Mr . Smith .	Do you have an appointment ?	Yes , he knows I'm coming . Our meeting is set for 2 o'clock .	I wonder if Mr . Smith forgot your meeting . I am afraid he left this office this morning and is not expected back until after 4 pm . Let me find out if he made arrangements for someone else to meet with you in his place . Will you please have a seat ?	Yes , he knows I'm coming . Our meeting is set for 2 o'clock .
dull-0747	Good morning . What's the matter with you ?	Good morning , doctor . I have a terrible headache .	All right , young man . Tell me how it got started .	Yesterday I had a runny nose . Now my nose is stuffed up . I have a sore throat . And I ’ m afraid I've got a temperature . I feel terrible .	Don't worry , young man . Lat me give you an examination . First let me take a look at your throat . Open your mouth and say'ah ' .	Ah .	Your throat is inflamed . And your tongue is heavily coated . You have all the symptoms of influenza .	What am I supposed to do then ?	I don't know what you mean by that.
dull-0748	What would you like for Christmas ?	I would like to have that new style Gl Joe .	Have you asked Santa ?	I would like to have that new style Gl Joe .
dull-0749	Good afternoon !	Good afternoon ! Sit down , please.How are you ?	Good afternoon !
dull-0750	Hi . Have you got a personal computer ?	Certainly . What's the matter ?	I wonder if you often trade with others on the internet .	Sure . I often buy things or do business through it without going out to the physical stores .	Great ! It's just like viewless stores . But how can you shop or order on line or trade on line ?	That's simple . Just click the hyperlink , www.taobao.com or www . ebay.com , and you can see the specimen of the goods shown on the screen , and then you can place an order online with the sales company . And the goods will be delivered to your place .	Is the service charged ?	That's simple . Just click the hyperlink , www.taobao.com or www . ebay.com , and you can see the specimen of the goods shown on the screen , and then you can place an order online with the sales company . And the goods will be delivered to your place .
dull-0751	Is there anything wrong ?	I ’ m worried about my daughter . She can ’ t decide about college .	Don ’ t worry . That ’ s just a part of being a teenager .	I don ’ t mind that . But she disagrees with me about everything .	You should encourage her to make up her mind by herself . You shouldn ’ t affect her decision .	I don ’ t mind that . But she disagrees with me about everything .
dull-0752	Do you have any hobbies ?	Yes , I like collecting things .	Oh , that ’ s interesting , and but what kind of things ?	Several things , for example , Very coins , stamps , stones and so on .	I love that.
dull-0753	I ran it against that fence pole as I crashed . What do you think ? Damn , it hurts !	We'll have to get you to a hospital . I can ride you on the back of my bike .	I'm lucky I wasn't killed . I must have been going around forty-five miles an hour.There was too much gravel on that corner . I slid out .	Yes , I almost slid too.Alright . This tourniquet is tight . How does it feel ?	I don't know what you mean by that.
dull-0754	May I take your order ?	Yes . I'd like a cup of onion soup .	And what would you like after that ?	Yes . I'd like a cup of onion soup .
dull-0755	Hey Stacy . What's going on ?	I'm pretty tired these days .	Why ? You're not working so don't you have a lot of time on your hands ?	I have so much house work to do . I have to take care of the kids , cook , clean , laundry , and the cycle never ends .	How about your husband . Does he help much ?	Not at all . He comes home and complains about his hard day at work . He expects me to do everything . He even wants me to feed him sometimes . Can you believe that ?	That sucks .	If he wasn't so lazy , I think I wouldn't have any complaints . He mows the lawn , but can you believe he tried to convince me to do it ?	That is a great question.
dull-0756	Who are those guys ?	Kobe Bryant and Shaquille O ’ Neal , they are the Los Angeles Lakers ’ star players .	Oh .	Wait a second . He shoots , he scores !	All right !	Here comes Jordan , though .	Wow , Michael Jordan ’ s slam-dunks are beautiful things to watch .	Yeah . He ’ s older , so he doesn ’ t slam as much as he did when he was younger , but when he does , it ’ s still amazing .	Wow , Michael Jordan ’ s slam-dunks are beautiful things to watch .
dull-0757	Hello , Sir . So , you are back ?	Yes , hello again . I would like to know the exact difference between Dividend Deposit and Dividend Participated Deposit .	I see.
dull-0758	hi , darling ! I have a one-month vacation saved up . How about a trip to Europe ?	I could go for that . But I'm afraid our budget is a little tight this year .	oh , but I really need to leave this town for a change . Working day after day has worn me out . Do you have any other suggestions ?	That is a great question.
dull-0759	So , Monica , how do you like your new office ?	Well , I love it . The room is spacious and clean with big windows and a lot of sunshine . There are plants along the corridor . Especially , I got my own desk with computer and telephone . Such a great place !	That ’ s very good . I once turn down a job offer just because the office is awful .	What was so bad about it ?	I don't know what you mean by that.
dull-0760	are you a blogger ?	sure I am . I've been writing a blog for almost three years .	oh , it seems that I'm the only one who never blogs . When did you get started ?	I began blogging when I first went to the US for my graduate strides .	what do you usually write about ?	at first , I'll write about my life there . Like interesting things on the campus , travel stories , special English words that I come across . Sometimes , I'll post my pictures on my blog so my family an	that's interesting . How often do you write a blog ?	at first , I'll write about my life there . Like interesting things on the campus , travel stories , special English words that I come across . Sometimes , I'll post my pictures on my blog so my family an
dull-0761	I met a girl in elevator this morning . She works in a company upstairs . She said she envied the casual way we dress for work . She complained about the dress rule in her company . It requires everyone to wear formal clothes from Monday to Friday .	Well , I was wondering where those people with professional attire come from . Now , I know the answer .	You know , in a sense , a suits and ties are compulsory for male employees even in July , and no jewelry allowed for most of the female employees . Even the reasonable male leaf is returning the rule , isn ’ t that strict ?	That is a great question.
dull-0762	I think Yoga might be suitable for me .	Why ?	Because it doesn't require a lot of energy and thus easy to keep up .	That is great.
dull-0763	I'd like to speak Dr.Johnson .	Sorry , but he's not in . May I take a message for you ?	I'd like to speak Dr.Johnson .
dull-0764	Hello ?	Hi , Mr . Smith . This is Mary . Is Jenny there ?	No , I ’ m afraid not , Mary . May I take a message for her ?	Yes , please tell her that band practice has been moved to Tuesday night at eight thirty .	O . K . No problem . Anything else ?	No , but if she has any questions , she can call me at 555-2345 .	All right , I ’ ll leave her the message , Mary . Thanks for calling .	No , but if she has any questions , she can call me at 555-2345 .
dull-0765	Check out these wheels !	You bought a compact car ?	Let me think what I have to say about that!
dull-0766	I'm searching for an old music box .	You came to the right place . Any particular decade ?	If you had a box made in the ' 20s , that would be nice .	We just got one in yesterday , so now we have six .	Would any of them have dancing figures ?	Yes , we still have two boxes left that have dancing figures .	Oh , they're both so beautiful . Let me have this one , I think .	That one truly is a beautiful piece of work , isn't it ?	One last question	That is very interesting.
dull-0767	Hello . I bought a China dress in your shop this morning .	Yes ?	I bought it one size up by mistake .	Oh , did you ?	Let me think what I have to say about that!
dull-0768	How can I help you ?	Yes , I am James Mason from Anderson and Associates . I would like to see Mr . Smith .	Do you have an appointment ?	Yes , he knows I'm coming . Our meeting is set for 2 o'clock .	I wonder if Mr . Smith forgot your meeting . I am afraid he left this office this morning and is not expected back until after 4 pm . Let me find out if he made arrangements for someone else to meet with you in his place . Will you please have a seat ?	Yes , he knows I'm coming . Our meeting is set for 2 o'clock .
dull-0769	I hear you are planning to travel abroad .	Yes . I'm going to the Untied States for travel . What places do you recommend ?	That is a great question.
dull-0770	The Great Wall is a great attraction for visitors .	It's a man-made wonder . I've seen it many times in textbooks and it's part of my dream to visit it .	The Great Wall is a great attraction for visitors .
dull-0771	I'm sorry , ladies . Mr . Smith's viewing is over . It ended an hour ago .	But we just drove across town . Can't we just go in to see him one last ...	I'm afraid not . But at tomorrow's funeral , the family requested an open casket service .	This is all too fast . He's my best friend , and now he's gone .	I'm sorry . I know it must have come as a great shock .	This is all too fast . He's my best friend , and now he's gone .
dull-0772	You have a lovely house , Jack .	Thank you . But a number of things have been going wrong lately .	That's too bad . What problems are you having .	Oh , the whole house needs re-painting for starters . The carpet in the living room is worn out , and I'd like to put in new wall-to-wall carpeting . Last week , I had to call the plumber to fix the toilet . Anyway , all par for the course when you own a house , I guess . I think I am going to hire an interior decorator to look the place over .	I've studied home decoration as a hobby . Could I make some suggestions ?	That is a great question.
dull-0773	Hi , Sam . I want to buy a pet . Do you have any ideas ?	You really should go to Rachel's pet store .	Why ? anything special there ?	I don't know what you mean by that.
dull-0774	Can I have the roll of film developed here ?	I don't have a good answer to that.
dull-0775	So , Paula , where are you from ?	I'm from Canada , originally .	From Canada ? Where were you born ?	Montreal .	When did you come to Los Angeles ?	We moved here when I was fourteen .	Did you go to school here ?	Well , I went to high school here , but I went to college in Texas .	Did you get a job right after graduation ?	No , I traveled for a while in Europe after college , and then I lived in France .	When was that ?	Let's see ... That was about six years ago .	I like that.
dull-0776	Do you really have to work today ?	That is a good question.
dull-0777	I don ’ t want you to be worried , but our son has some bad habits now . He says painful words everyday .	What words ? Can you tell me ?	He says kick mommy , beat mommy , don ’ t want mommy , very quickly if I do something that he doesn ’ t like . You know , if I wash his face or change his clothes , things like that .	Honey , I don ’ t know what to tell you . Of course Tony is a young child . But do not underestimate his ability to learn and reason .	Yes , but sometimes he is just not reasonable .	I suggest you treat him with patience , affection , and respect . If he needs to do something , like go to bed , or be washed , etc . , please guide or help him to get it done , but lead him with gentleness .	It ’ s easy to say , but I will try .	I suggest you treat him with patience , affection , and respect . If he needs to do something , like go to bed , or be washed , etc . , please guide or help him to get it done , but lead him with gentleness .
dull-0778	Do you have anything to do after this ?	No , I don't .	Shall we drop in somewhere for a couple of drinks ?	Wow, great question!
dull-0779	After the financial crisis , many industries are in incredibly cloudy situations . How do you think about our company ?	The outlook in the future is very positive . Because we have been in this field for hundreds of years and we know how to survive this crisis safely .	As the department I am applying for is expanding , I would like to contribute by effort .	The outlook in the future is very positive . Because we have been in this field for hundreds of years and we know how to survive this crisis safely .
dull-0780	Excuse me , can you tell me the name of the book you read ?	I don't know what you mean by that.
dull-0781	Hello sir , how may I help you ?	I would like to buy some flowers , please . Something really nice .	I see , may I ask what the occasion is ?	It ’ s not really an occasion , it ’ s more like I ’ m sorry .	Very well.This arrangement here is very popular among regretful husbands and boyfriends . It has a dozen long stem red roses with a couple of sunflowers and a single orchid that stands out . It includes a small teddy bear to achieve the effect of immediate forgiveness .	I think I ’ m gonna need more than just a dozen red roses and a bear . What else do you recommend ?	That is a great question.
dull-0782	How long will you stay in New York ?	Just tor three days . I won't need these luggages.CouId I put them here ?	I am sorry . If you have here more than 24 hours between connecting flights , we can't check your luggage through London .	That is very interesting.
dull-0783	Man , I'm hungry . Do you know a good place to have lunch ?	Yes , I know a great place . What types of food do you like ?	Mexican , Japanese or Chinese would be great .	Oh , I know a place where you might like to eat .	Is it close by ?	It's down a block on the right ; can I show you the way ?	OK , I'd love the company .	That is good.
dull-0784	Can you speak Japanese ?	Yes , I can , but not very well .	Where did you learn it ?	At school . And I'm still learning it now .	How long have you been learning it ?	At school . And I'm still learning it now .
dull-0785	Let's do something outdoors today .	All right . But I don't want to play tennis . We played tennis last weekend .	Okay . what do you want to do ?	I don't have a good answer to that.
dull-0786	I'm too tired now . I've already worked for 12 hours overtime !	God ! Don't you think they should get you an assistant ?	Yes , they were supposed to , but so far nobody's turned up , and I have to do the work alone . This is the first break I've had all day .	Nice!
dull-0787	We have been over this a hundred times ! We are not getting a pet !	Why not ? Come on ! Just a cute little puppy . or a kitty !	Who is going to look after a dog or a cat ?	I will ! I ’ ll feed it , bathe it and walk it every day ! We can get a Labrador or a German Shepard !	What if we want to take a vacation ? Who will we leave it with ? Plus , our apartment is too small for that breed of dog .	I will ! I ’ ll feed it , bathe it and walk it every day ! We can get a Labrador or a German Shepard !
dull-0788	May I help you ?	Yes . Do you exchange foreign money here ?	Yes . Our bank is authorized to deal with foreign exchange .	What kinds of currency do you change ?	Yes . Our bank is authorized to deal with foreign exchange .
dull-0789	What kind of permanent would you like to have ?	what kinds do you have ?	Oh , yeah , It ’ s quite of variety . Regular , cold perm , straight perm , pink curl and form .	That is great.
dull-0790	Abby Park Hotel . Can I help you ?	Yes , I would like to book a room for my wife and myself .	Certainly sir . Could I have your arrival and departure dates ?	I don't have a good answer to that.
dull-0791	How about eating out for a drink with me tonight .	Tonight ? I'm afraid I can't . I've promised Mark to go to the gym . Can we make it tomorrow ?	How about eating out for a drink with me tonight .
dull-0792	Could you do me a favor and proofread my resume before I send it out to the human resources department ?	Sure , let me take a look ... Personal Information , Education , Experience , Training ... I think you should add another section for language . You speak three languages , so you might as well put that on your resume .	But languages don't have anything to do with engineering . Shouldn't everything I put on my resume have something to do with my field ?	Not necessarily . I think people would be impressed by your language abilities . It says something about your level of intellect and experience . Also , I think human resources directors want to see more of a well-rounded person in a resume .	Awesome!
dull-0793	Hello , Mr . Black , how are you ?	Fine , thank you , and how are you ?	Very well , thank you . It's nice to meet you again . I am awfully sorry for not being able to meet you at the airport , as I was busy yesterday . I do hope you had a very enjoyable trip from New York .	That is very interesting.
dull-0794	Why not come over to work in my company ?	I need to think it over .	Tell me what you need .	I need to think it over .
dull-0795	Hello . Can you tell me what the procedures of applying for a job are ?	Yes , of course . There are many steps . You can apply for the job on the Internet and then send your resume to the e-mail address of the company . And wail the feedback of the company .	I am happy for you!
dull-0796	Can I help you ?	Yes , I would like to buy a Walkman . Can you tell me about the models you have ?	Well , we have a lot of models here.Did you want to listen to CD's or cassettes or the radio ?	Mostly cassette tapes .	Alright . There are several models you may want to look at.This Kreng portable cassette player is very good .	Kreng ? I've never heard of that company .	It's a German company.This unit has auto-reverse , recording capability , and an AM / FM radio band.It also has a built-in microphone .	I suppose I don't want that one then . I don't like auto-reverse . It breaks too easily .	Really ? Have you had an auto-reverse break before ?	Yes , twice now . I think it's too high-tech , and so it's the first part that breaks .	Hmm . You know , the problem might be dust . Did you clean the unit often ?	Well . No , I didn't clean it.But still , I only had the last one two months , and it broke . I don't trust auto-reverse .	I like that.
dull-0797	Good morning , sir . Can I help you ?	That is a great question.
dull-0798	I think Yoga might be suitable for me .	Why ?	I don't have a good answer to that.
dull-0799	Which university did you graduate from ?	I graduated from Peking University .	What was your major at university ?	I studied economics , I am especially interested in the economic development of China .	What course did you like best ?	I like Business Management , and i think it's very useful for the present work .	What do you think is the relationship between the subjects you've taken and the job you are seeking ?	I like Business Management , and i think it's very useful for the present work .
dull-0800	Hey , did you hear about Jessica's party this weekend ?	Yeah , but I'm still waiting for my invitation .	Oh really ? She gave me mine earlier today .	Well , she'll probably just give me my invitation later on today .	Yeah , so are you planning on going ?	Well , she'll probably just give me my invitation later on today .
dull-0801	It's located in the suburbs ? Well even though that sounds like a steal , I really want something downtown .	OK . Well the problem is that the apartments in the heart of the city are usually more expensive .	I know , that's my problem . What do you think I should do ?	I don't know what you mean by that.
dull-0802	Tell me about yourself .	I was born and raised in Beijing . I attended Peking University and received my bachelor's degree in Economics . I have worked for 2 years as a financial consultant in Beijing for China Pacific Insurance Co . Ltd .	What type of position are you looking for ?	I'm looking for a position in which I can utilize my experience .	Are you interested in a full-time or part-time position ?	I am more interested in a full-time position . However , I would also consider a part-time position .	I like that.
dull-0803	May I see your ticket and passport , PLS ?	Sure , here they are .	Any luggage ?	That is a great question.
dull-0804	How far do we have to go ?	About 50 miles .	The traffic is not very heavy on this high way , is it ? So I ’ m sure we ’ ll make it .	That question does not make sense to me.
dull-0805	I wonder if I can see your mother , little boy . Is she engaged ?	Engaged ? She ’ s married .	Johnny , I wish you ’ d stop reaching for things . Haven ’ t you a tongue ?	That is amazing.
dull-0806	Hi , I think I was supposed to call for my test results today .	If you go onto our website and put in your password , you can access your test results .	Are you saying that there weren ’ t any problems ?	I will always have you come in for a discussion if there is a major problem .	Will I be able to read the results on the website and understand them ?	That question does not make sense to me.
dull-0807	How are the children doing at sport ?	I ’ m very pleased with their performances . Timmy can cover the 100 meters in 12 seconds . That ’ s very fast for a kid his age .	He ’ s not very good at the long jump though , is he ?	He ’ s not bad . He can jump a distance of over four meters . I think he just prefers running to jumping . Jimmy ’ s very good at the high jump . He can jump over two meters . Again , that ’ s fine for someone his age .	Two meters ? That means that the high jump bar is above his head ! Are any of them good at long-distance running ?	He ’ s not bad . He can jump a distance of over four meters . I think he just prefers running to jumping . Jimmy ’ s very good at the high jump . He can jump over two meters . Again , that ’ s fine for someone his age .
dull-0808	Hey , Blake ! Are you still listening to Mozart ?	Yes.Do you like it ?	It's great . and I ' Ve heard that listening to Mozart can make you more intelligent .	Really ? I've never heard that before . I just like it .	Is classical music your favorite ?	Yes . What about you ?	I am very happy to hear that.
dull-0809	I ran it against that fence pole as I crashed . What do you think ? Damn , it hurts !	We'll have to get you to a hospital . I can ride you on the back of my bike .	I'm lucky I wasn't killed . I must have been going around forty-five miles an hour.There was too much gravel on that corner . I slid out .	Yes , I almost slid too.Alright . This tourniquet is tight . How does it feel ?	Make it tighter . I want the blood stopped.Then wrap some bandages around the cut . Then we can go . Ouch ! I hope I can walk .	That is very interesting.
dull-0810	Tell me a little bit about yourself , please .	My name is Dunlin and I live in Beijing . I was born in 1980 . I will graduate from Peking University this July . I have majored in accounting .	Tell me a little bit about yourself , please .
dull-0811	I want to buy three tickets . What's the entrance fee ?	$ 10 per person .	Here are $ 30 . By the way , where can I find a guide ?	That is a great question.
dull-0812	I need a taxi , please .	We have various transportation services . Would you prefer a private vehicle ?	No , thanks . A taxi is just fine .	May I suggest a limo ? It's nice to pamper yourself .	I don't want anything except a taxi , thank you .	I understand . And where will you be going ?	Rockefeller Center .	And what time would you like to be picked up ?	The sooner the better .	Wow.
dull-0813	How far do we have to go ?	About 50 miles .	The traffic is not very heavy on this high way , is it ? So I ’ m sure we ’ ll make it .	No , but we ’ Ve got a hurry . It will be the rush hour soon .	Don ’ t worry . There ’ s plenty of time yet .	But it ’ s Friday today . This road is always jam packed during the weekend , isn ’ t it ?	Don ’ t worry . There ’ s plenty of time yet .
dull-0814	Who are those guys ?	Kobe Bryant and Shaquille O ’ Neal , they are the Los Angeles Lakers ’ star players .	I am very happy to hear that.
dull-0815	Have you found a new job yet ?	I don't know what you mean by that.
dull-0816	Would you come to spend the weekend with us ?	That is a good question.
dull-0817	Could you please tell me how I can go job-hunting in the web ?	Generally speaking , job seekers can enter the websites either of job agencies or of some units for job advertisements .	That is very interesting.
dull-0818	pompous . How may I help you ?	Yes , I'd like to reserve a table for dinner .	How large a group are you expecting ?	Six couples .	Would you like to reserve a private dining room ?	That sounds like a good idea .	All right . May I have your name , Sir ?	That sounds like a good idea .
dull-0819	I hear you are planning to travel abroad .	Yes . I'm going to the Untied States for travel . What places do you recommend ?	In my opinion , there are several places you mustn't miss , like Washington D . C , Las Vegas , New York and Los Angeles .	Someone suggests that I should go to Seattle and Hawaii .	Yes , you may consider those two places also . Seattle , for example , is worth visiting and there's a very famous museum called Museum of Flight .	Someone suggests that I should go to Seattle and Hawaii .
dull-0820	Believe it or not , one of the narrowest street in the world is only 49cm wide .	Unbelievable ! How do people go through it ?	That's what I'm wondering , too .	That is great.
dull-0821	How would you like your hair set ?	I'd like to have it in big waves .	That is great.
dull-0822	We are just going round the corner for a drink . Won't you join us ?	I don't know what you mean by that.
dull-0823	Hi , Alice , what are you doing this sunday ?	Nothing really , why , what ' s up ?	If you are free , maybe you would like to go to a small party and having for my birthday party . It will be fun , you will get to know lots of people .	I am happy for you!
dull-0824	Are you ready to go shopping ?	Not yet . I'm not finished with my research yet .	What research ?	Not yet . I'm not finished with my research yet .
dull-0825	So tell me , what's the difference between the Board of Directors , the CEO , and the stockholders ? They all seems ot be the same group of people to me ...	That question does not make sense to me.
dull-0826	I'd like to order breakfast , please .	What'd you like , madam ?	Let me think what I have to say about that!
dull-0827	Good evening , Saliva . What's that wonderful aroma from your kitchen ? What are you doing now ?	I am cooking now !	Are you good at cooking ?	I have studied its skills recently at a training school . I plan to run a restaurant , so I have to practise cooking !	It is a good idea . What dish are you cooking now ? !	I am steaming fish in a pressure cooker . Have you ever tried steamed fish ?	Yes , I have . But the taste of steamed fish at that restaurant is not delicious . The fish is not well-done and too salty .	That's the case . I think there is not enough time to steam it and soy sauce is too much .	I have the same idea as yours .	It's OK . Please have a taste of it .	Thank you . Oh , it's very delicious .	Thank you for your praise .	Besides steamed fish , what else are you good at cooking ?	I am good at stewing beef with potato , frying chicken , hot and sour soup etc .	That is good.
dull-0828	what was your wedding ceremony like , Abigail ?	I don't know what you mean by that.
dull-0829	How old is Keith ?	He's 21 . How old is James ?	He's a year older than Keith , but he looks younger .	How's your father ?	That is a good question.
dull-0830	The acting of this film is marvelous in spite of the thin plot .	I'm sorry for hero .	The acting of this film is marvelous in spite of the thin plot .
dull-0831	What's the matter , John ? you seemed to be restless today .	You see , I've been offered a new job . I can't decide whether to take it or not .	Oh , that's easy . If it's better than the one you are doing now , go for it . That's my advice .	You see , I've been offered a new job . I can't decide whether to take it or not .
dull-0832	It seems that nobody in your class likes Paul .	The boy is good for nothing .	As a teacher , I don ’ t know how to help him .	The boy is good for nothing .
dull-0833	Hello ?	Hi , Mr . Smith . This is Mary . Is Jenny there ?	No , I ’ m afraid not , Mary . May I take a message for her ?	Yes , please tell her that band practice has been moved to Tuesday night at eight thirty .	O . K . No problem . Anything else ?	No , but if she has any questions , she can call me at 555-2345 .	That is amazing.
dull-0834	John , my father isn't there at all . Are you kidding ?	Cool , fellow , what's the date today , buddy ?	Let me think what I have to say about that!
dull-0835	What's that book you have under your arm ?	It's the best seller everyone's been talking about for the last six months .	How in the world did you get a copy ? I've put a hold on it at the public library for weeks and I'm still waiting my turn .	That is a great question.
dull-0836	Can we choose a time to look at houses together ?	Can you do that in the mornings , or would the afternoons be best ?	Either way is good for me .	There are a number of open houses this weekend in your area . Would that okay with you ?	I can take a little time off of work , or I can go on a weekend , also .	We could meet at the real estate office , or I could pick you up at your home .	I am leaving from work , so maybe I could just meet you at the first house that we will look at .	I can think of five houses that we should look at . It will take most of the day .	I am leaving from work , so maybe I could just meet you at the first house that we will look at .
dull-0837	I have a terrible toothache .	Which tooth is it ?	This one here .	Ar , Yes . There ’ s a big cavity .	Can you fill it ?	I ’ m afraid not . The tooth is too far gone . it'll have to be taken out .	Then I might as well have it done now .	I ’ m afraid not . The tooth is too far gone . it'll have to be taken out .
dull-0838	Excuse me . Do you have the time ?	That is a good question.
dull-0839	Hello , Mr . Black , how are you ?	Fine , thank you , and how are you ?	Very well , thank you . It's nice to meet you again . I am awfully sorry for not being able to meet you at the airport , as I was busy yesterday . I do hope you had a very enjoyable trip from New York .	Yes , a very pleasant journey indeed . Thank you .	Very well , thank you . It's nice to meet you again . I am awfully sorry for not being able to meet you at the airport , as I was busy yesterday . I do hope you had a very enjoyable trip from New York .
dull-0840	Hey , could you help me try and figure out how to get ready for my job interview ?	The most important thing to do is to make sure you know the company and what services or products it provides . Do you know all about them ?	Yes , I pretty much understand the company .	Well , after you've done your research , you have to decide whether the company is casual or formal . Have you decided what they are yet ?	Yes , I pretty much understand the company .
dull-0841	How did you find your apartment ?	You can check on the bulletin boards at school for local housing .	What if I need a roommate ?	You can check on the bulletin boards at school for local housing .
dull-0842	Do you remember what the ratings of movies stand for ?	Yes , G stands for General Audiences , PG means Parental Guidance suggested , R is restricted to audiences under 18 and X means explicit content .	Nice!
dull-0843	Why'd you pull me over ?	Are you aware that you drove through a red light ?	I ran a red light ?	Yes , you did .	I apologize , but I didn't realize that I did .	Weren't you taught that yellow means slow down , not speed up ?	I did learn that .	So , then why did you speed up ?	I don't know what to tell you .	That is amazing.
dull-0844	Why are you so quiet ?	My girlfriend just broke up with me .	You must feel terrible now .	Yeah .	I remember my first break up . It was the worst feeling in the world . I was crying everyday for three months . And slowly , it got better . I know you'll feel better too .	You've been through this too ?	Yeah . I remember it very clearly . The pain makes it easy to remember . I know you're really hurting right now , but you know many people experience break ups .	But it hurts too much .	I know it's painful , but it's only temporary . After the pain goes away , you'll find other girls .	What if I don't want to find another girl ?	You'll change your mind . Look at everyone in the world . They all break up and move on . The faster you understand this , the quicker you will recover .	You're right .	I also know you must still have strong feelings for her , but try to think of all the bad things . You know she didn't treat you that well . Is that the person you want to spend the rest of your life with ?	Yeah . Thanks for the talk .	That is very interesting.
dull-0845	Why'd you pull me over ?	Are you aware that you drove through a red light ?	I ran a red light ?	Yes , you did .	I apologize , but I didn't realize that I did .	Weren't you taught that yellow means slow down , not speed up ?	Let me think what I have to say about that!
dull-0846	Did you watch the volleyball match last night ?	Yeah .	Who won ?	China .	What is the score ?	China beat Brazil three to zero .	Wow.
dull-0847	I give up ! I simply can't learn French !	Why do you say that ? I think you're making a lot of progress .	No , I'm not . I try and try and I still can't speak it very well .	Wow.
dull-0848	What happened ? Why didn't he win ?	Didn't you hear ? He was disqualified .	How did that happen ? He's so talented ! I thought he had a great chance of winning a gold medal !	If he didn't have any drug problems , he would have won .	What ? What kind of drugs was he using ?	He was taking steroids to make him stronger and faster .	I thought that all athletes were supposed to be regularly tested for drugs .	He was taking steroids to make him stronger and faster .
dull-0849	Do you have a free moment ?	Sure . What do you need ?	I'm having some trouble . How do you use this printer ?	Well , first you have to turn this switch on .	Wow.
dull-0850	Would you come to spend the weekend with us ?	Oh , I ’ m afraid I can ’ t . I ’ Ve had a date already .	Nice!
dull-0851	Can we choose a time to look at houses together ?	That is a good question.
dull-0852	What's up ?	Nothing much , what's going on ?	I'm having a party this Friday .	Oh , really ? That's nice .	I'm having a party this Friday .
dull-0853	Tell me about yourself and your past experience .	I have worked as an executive secretary for 5 years , first for trading companies , and now I am working for a trust company . I interact well with peers , clients , administrators and bosses . I thrive on challenge and work well in high-stress environments .	How are your typing and shorthand skills ?	That question does not make sense to me.
dull-0854	I'm too tired now . I've already worked for 12 hours overtime !	God ! Don't you think they should get you an assistant ?	Yes , they were supposed to , but so far nobody's turned up , and I have to do the work alone . This is the first break I've had all day .	They're really running you into the ground . Why don't you ask for some time off ? You could take a long weekend and have a good rest .	I'm afraid I can't before I finish this project .	You'd better pay more attention to your health .	I'm afraid I can't before I finish this project .
dull-0855	Do you really have to work today ?	Yes . I'm afraid so .	But you'll miss out on the football game .	Yes . I'm afraid so .
dull-0856	He said I have a big nose . I wonder what that means .	You are interested in other people ’ s business , aren ’ t you ?	Does he mean I am inquisitive or I ’ m noisy ?	That is good.
dull-0857	Do you have sport shirts for ladies ?	There are different types . Which one do you like best ?	I think the red one fits me well . Can I try it on ?	I am very happy to hear that.
dull-0858	My friend Jean is very beautiful .	What's her figure ?	My friend Jean is very beautiful .
dull-0859	Were you able to attend Friday night's basketball game ?	I was unable to make it .	Wow.
dull-0860	We have been over this a hundred times ! We are not getting a pet !	Why not ? Come on ! Just a cute little puppy . or a kitty !	Who is going to look after a dog or a cat ?	I will ! I ’ ll feed it , bathe it and walk it every day ! We can get a Labrador or a German Shepard !	What if we want to take a vacation ? Who will we leave it with ? Plus , our apartment is too small for that breed of dog .	Wow, great question!
dull-0861	Good morning , sir . Can I help you ?	Good morning . I'm interested in antiques . Do you have any ?	Yes , we have a great variety of Chinese antiques .	What do you have ?	Well , we have some painting and some porcelain . Which do you like better ?	I'd like porcelain .	Good . How about the table set ?	Oh , it looks well . I like it very much .	It's made in Jingdezhen .	How much is it ?	One thousand eight hundred yuan .	That is amazing.
dull-0862	Do you believe in UFOs ?	Of course , they are out there .	But I never saw them .	Are you stupid ? They are called UFOs , so not everybody can see them .	You mean that you can them .	That's right . I can see them in my dreams .	They come to the earth ?	No . Their task is to send the aliens here from the outer space .	Aliens from the outer space ? Do you talk to them ? What do they look like ?	OK , OK , one by one , please ! They look like robots , but they can speak . Their mission is to make friends with human beings .	That means that you talk to them ? In which language ?	Of course in English , they learn English on Mars too .	Wow.
dull-0863	Marketing manage office , can I help you ?	Mr Green , please .	Sorry , he's out .	What time you suspect back them ?	Sorry , he's out .
dull-0864	I met a girl in elevator this morning . She works in a company upstairs . She said she envied the casual way we dress for work . She complained about the dress rule in her company . It requires everyone to wear formal clothes from Monday to Friday .	Well , I was wondering where those people with professional attire come from . Now , I know the answer .	You know , in a sense , a suits and ties are compulsory for male employees even in July , and no jewelry allowed for most of the female employees . Even the reasonable male leaf is returning the rule , isn ’ t that strict ?	To some extent , it is . Anyway , whether they like it or not , they do give people a very good impression .	I am happy for you!
dull-0865	Do you know that the dolphin is the most intelligent animal in the world ?	Yes . Dolphins have a big brain and they are very smart . They are also the fastest swimmers in the world .	I like that.
dull-0866	Good afternoon . what can I do for you ?	I want to pick up my valuables .	May I have your key please ?	Sure . Here you are .	Here is your valuable . Is that right ?	Sure . Here you are .
dull-0867	Hello ! This is Ruby speaking from G . O . T . International Travel Agency . What can I do for you ?	I ’ d like to make a reservation for my trip from Detroit to Beijing on April 13 on Trans Pacific Airline .	Do you want a single ticket or a round trip ticket ?	I ’ d like to have a round trip ticket with a one-year open return .	Economy or Business Class ?	Economy , please . How much is it ?	Wow.
dull-0868	Hello ?	Hi , Mr . Smith . This is Mary . Is Jenny there ?	No , I ’ m afraid not , Mary . May I take a message for her ?	Yes , please tell her that band practice has been moved to Tuesday night at eight thirty .	O . K . No problem . Anything else ?	Yes , please tell her that band practice has been moved to Tuesday night at eight thirty .
dull-0869	What ’ s on TV tonight ?	That is a good question.
dull-0870	Are you an art aficionado ?	Not really . I like going to an art exhibition once or twice a year . I hardly know anything about art or sculpture . You are a true art lover , aren ’ t you ?	I love going to art galleries , particularly when one is holding an exhibition of abstract art .	I never understand the meaning of those painting . They are too abstract for me . I didn ’ t pay much attention in art class at school .	Art isn ’ t for everyone . I ’ m going to an exhibition tomorrow at the national gallery . It ’ s an exhibition of greek and roman sculpture .	I like sculpture , especially that from ancient rome or Greece . What time are you thinking of going ? I ’ d love to go with you .	I thought I ’ d have an early lunch and go immediately afterwards . Does that sound ok to you ? Bus 51 goes directly there .	Wow.
dull-0871	I met a girl in elevator this morning . She works in a company upstairs . She said she envied the casual way we dress for work . She complained about the dress rule in her company . It requires everyone to wear formal clothes from Monday to Friday .	Well , I was wondering where those people with professional attire come from . Now , I know the answer .	I met a girl in elevator this morning . She works in a company upstairs . She said she envied the casual way we dress for work . She complained about the dress rule in her company . It requires everyone to wear formal clothes from Monday to Friday .
dull-0872	Well , tell me something of yourself .	What would you like to know , Mr . Green ?	Wow, great question!
dull-0873	This is such a beautiful day ! Great for sailing !	It sure is ! The water looks so nice ! Anchor the boat for a little while . I ’ m going to take a dip .	Why are you doggy-paddling ? I taught you how to swim ! Do your breast stroke !	I get too tired ! I ’ ll just backstroke , it ’ s easier !	Awesome!
dull-0874	I want to see the man responsible for selling typewriters .	My name is Steven . I'm the Sales Manager of this company .	Well , look here . Ten new typewriters were delivered to my company yesterday afternoon and only five of them work properly .	Oh , I'm sorry about that .	Never mind being sorry , what are you going to do about it ?	Don't worry , we'll soon fix them .	That is very interesting.
dull-0875	Are you going to buy a bicycle ?	I ’ m thinking about it . How much is it ?	¥ 350 .	That is great.
dull-0876	Excuse me , is this the baggage claim area from KL17 ?	Wow, great question!
dull-0877	Hey , could you help me try and figure out how to get ready for my job interview ?	The most important thing to do is to make sure you know the company and what services or products it provides . Do you know all about them ?	Yes , I pretty much understand the company .	Well , after you've done your research , you have to decide whether the company is casual or formal . Have you decided what they are yet ?	Yes , I've been observing them .	When you are choosing what to wear , keep all of that in mind . Have you chosen what to wear ?	I already have something to wear .	I would always be ready to go shopping with you ! Should we talk about other basics ?	I already have something to wear .
dull-0878	Man , I'm hungry . Do you know a good place to have lunch ?	Yes , I know a great place . What types of food do you like ?	Mexican , Japanese or Chinese would be great .	Oh , I know a place where you might like to eat .	Mexican , Japanese or Chinese would be great .
dull-0879	How was the movie last night ?	I didn't really like it .	That is amazing.
dull-0880	I know you have a son . How old is he ?	He's going to turn six next month .	Who is looking after him ?	He's going to turn six next month .
dull-0881	Dave , there's something I want to talk to you about .	Zina , why are you whispering ?	I've been talking to WebTracker . I'm thinking of jumping ship .	What ? Are you serious ? You'd defect to our archrival ! ?	Keep your voice down . We'll talk more later . Right now I need to see Vince .	We definitely have to talk , Zina . And watch your back . Elvin is still mad about his nose .	Keep your voice down . We'll talk more later . Right now I need to see Vince .
dull-0882	I only want a little off the top and the sides and back to have clean lines .	Okay . Is your hair naturally curly or is it a perm ?	It's natural . My friend told me you know how to work with curls .	That's my specialty . Let me put this around your neck .	Do you have any product that controls frizz ?	With the cut I'll give you , we will minimize a lot of that .	Nice!
dull-0883	I think Yoga might be suitable for me .	Why ?	I don't have a good answer to that.
dull-0884	Can I get my dress today ?	You have ordered a red dress , is that right ?	I don't have a good answer to that.
dull-0885	Are you ready to go shopping ?	Not yet . I'm not finished with my research yet .	What research ?	Reading my fashion magazines ! How do you think I know so much about all the latest trends ?	But they're just ads .	I like that.
dull-0886	I ’ m taking BA fright 123 to London . Can you tell me where the reporting desk is , please ?	Yes , Madam . The reporting desk for the British Airway's flight to London is over there .	Nice!
dull-0887	I think you're being a little naive .	If I want , I can protect myself by paying through an escrow account , which holds the money until I receive the item .	That proves my point ! Protect yourself or you'll get burned .	If I want , I can protect myself by paying through an escrow account , which holds the money until I receive the item .
dull-0888	I guess I'm just a little nervous . I'm giving everything I have to invoking , and ...	and what if it doesn't work out , right ?	Exactly .	You need to quit thinking like a loser . invoking is going to kick butt . You know how I know ?	How ?	Wow, great question!
dull-0889	The bartender just gave the last call . Let's order another round , okay ?	Sure , but let's get a pitcher this time We should be able to down it before they close .	That is very interesting.
dull-0890	Hello , Miss Wu , This is Dan Robson calling from OTC limited . I'd like to check my last order . When exactly was it sent out ?	I can check that for you right now . Would you mind holding ?	Sure . No problem .	Mr . Robson , I'm sorry . Our computer system is down . Could I call you back later ?	Sure . No problem .
dull-0891	Is there anything wrong ?	I don't know what you mean by that.
dull-0892	What would you like for Christmas ?	Wow, great question!
dull-0893	Morning , Zina . Just wanted to say thanks again !	Hi , Vince . Thanks for stopping by . How's the work coming along for the online auction ?	Morning , Zina . Just wanted to say thanks again !
dull-0894	You've heard of Bruce Jenner , haven't you ?	He won the decathlon in the 1976 Olympics , right ?	I read that he trained so much that he used to dream about jumping hurdles .	I can think of better things to dream about ...	Sometimes he would wake up covered in sweat , with his legs pumping away .	I can think of better things to dream about ...
dull-0895	Good morning . Thank you for the interview .	No problem . Now , do you prefer working with others or flying solo ?	Actually , I enjoy both .	So , what is most important to you in a job ? Do you need job security or professional growth and a chance to advance ?	I need job security .	Would you be able to relocate ?	I am open to relocating .	What are your annual salary requirements ?	That is a good question.
dull-0896	Excuse me . I have an appointment with Mr . Li at nine . May I come in ?	Yes , come in please . I am Mr . Li . You must be My Liu , right ?	Yes , I am My Liu . Thanks .	I'd like to start this interview with some questions . Why do you think you are qualified for this position ?	According to your advertisement , you want an experienced software engineer . I think my background meets the requirement of this position .	Then tell me something about your background .	My major was computer science when I was at college , and I am quite familiar with Visual C + + and Java language .	Well , what do you think about the development in computers ?	The developments in software are going ahead very quickly and more and more problems are resolved by software . In some regions , the hardware is completely replaced by software . So I think the software industry has a great future .	Have you ever designed any programs concerning network ?	Yes , I have designed some programs for the network with Visual C + + and I have passed the test for programmers - MUSE .	Have you got anything to ask me ?	Yes , can you tell me what's my responsibility in this position ?	Yes , of course . You would be responsible for the development of software products .	I see . This is my advantage .	Good . Have you got any other questions ?	No .	Awesome!
dull-0897	Do you like being a doctor ?	Yes , most of the time . But , sometimes things can get difficult .	Can you tell me about it ?	I don't know what you mean by that.
dull-0898	Do you think they two will get married ?	I don't know what you mean by that.
dull-0899	What do you think about the equipment in our company ?	That is a good question.
dull-0900	Can I help you ?	Yes , I would like to buy a Walkman . Can you tell me about the models you have ?	Well , we have a lot of models here.Did you want to listen to CD's or cassettes or the radio ?	Mostly cassette tapes .	Alright . There are several models you may want to look at.This Kreng portable cassette player is very good .	Kreng ? I've never heard of that company .	It's a German company.This unit has auto-reverse , recording capability , and an AM / FM radio band.It also has a built-in microphone .	I suppose I don't want that one then . I don't like auto-reverse . It breaks too easily .	Really ? Have you had an auto-reverse break before ?	Yes , twice now . I think it's too high-tech , and so it's the first part that breaks .	Hmm . You know , the problem might be dust . Did you clean the unit often ?	That question does not make sense to me.
dull-0901	What can I do for you , Madam ?	Can you help me with Comprehensive Credit Granting ?	Certainly , Madam . What would you like to know ?	Let me think what I have to say about that!
dull-0902	Wow , Amy , look at that number .	What's so great about it ?	What do you mean ? It's a scrim .	I don't have a good answer to that.
dull-0903	Take a seat inside and see what you think.So you will take the Porsche then , sir ?	Yes , and I want to buy the insurance too . I think it's necessary .	You're smart to buy it . At 45 dollars for three days , it is a good deal .	Can I return the car in San Francisco ?	San Francisco ? No , sir.We only have this office here . You will have to return it here .	Really ? I heard in America you can return rental cars in different cities .	That is a good question.
dull-0904	What happened , John ?	Nothing .	Why do you look unhappy ?	That question does not make sense to me.
dull-0905	Would you check the engine , please ? It is knocking .	Sure . Do you want to have the car washed ?	That is a great question.
dull-0906	Are you going to buy a bicycle ?	Let me think what I have to say about that!
dull-0907	Can you speak Japanese ?	Yes , I can , but not very well .	Where did you learn it ?	At school . And I'm still learning it now .	How long have you been learning it ?	That is a great question.
dull-0908	Hello , Sir . So , you are back ?	Let me think what I have to say about that!
dull-0909	What dressing would you like on the salad ?	French dressing , please .	I beg your pardon ?	Oh , French dressing .	That is very interesting.
dull-0910	I wonder if I can see your mother , little boy . Is she engaged ?	Let me think what I have to say about that!
dull-0911	You are an early bird , Tom . What do you do in the morning then ?	Exercise . The morning hours are the most precious period within a single day . We should not pass them up easily . Seize the time and do something useful .	I love that.
dull-0912	What can I help you with ?	That is a good question.
dull-0913	May I help you ?	Give me a Big Mac , a small order of French fries and a medium Coke .	You'll need to wait a few minutes for the fries . They are still in the fryer .	That's fine .	You'll need to wait a few minutes for the fries . They are still in the fryer .
dull-0914	Can I help you ?	Yes , I'm in a bit of a rush . Could I have a piece of apple pie please ?	That is good.
dull-0915	You are an outgoing person , quite easy to talk with .	Yes , my friends like to get along with me well .	Do you have many friends ?	That is a good question.
dull-0916	Yeah , look at all those new buildings going up ! Mr . Zhang , the traffic is pretty smooth . But we were told the roads from the airport to downtown were quite crowded and traffic jams could be as long as half an hour .	Yes , they were . But it has already past . The traffic from the airport to downtown has been relieved after the completion of Yan'an Aerial Road .	Yeah , look at all those new buildings going up ! Mr . Zhang , the traffic is pretty smooth . But we were told the roads from the airport to downtown were quite crowded and traffic jams could be as long as half an hour .
dull-0917	It's located in the suburbs ? Well even though that sounds like a steal , I really want something downtown .	OK . Well the problem is that the apartments in the heart of the city are usually more expensive .	I love that.
dull-0918	It's located in the suburbs ? Well even though that sounds like a steal , I really want something downtown .	OK . Well the problem is that the apartments in the heart of the city are usually more expensive .	That is amazing.
dull-0919	Cindy , how come nearly all the prime-time TV shows are comedies ?	That's because Americans love sitcoms .	Sitcoms ?	Situation comedies . A sitcom is half an hour long and it airs weekly . Sitcom shows tend to be about ordinary people . If there is one thing that all the shows have in common , it is teaching wholesome values .	I love that.
dull-0920	excuse me , could you tell me which line I ’ m supposed to stand in to buy bubble wrap and to post a package ?	you can buy the bubble wrap here , but you ’ ll have to stand in line over here to post your passage .	that ’ s a really long line . How long do you think it ’ ll take to get through all those people ?	That is a good question.
dull-0921	What do you think of doctor Thomson ?	I feel confident of his ability to cure my daughter's disease .	How can you be so sure ?	I can tell form the way he spoke to us .	I like that.
dull-0922	I'd like to withdraw some money from my account .	Can I see your passbook and the withdrawal slip , please ?	That is a great question.
dull-0923	Have you decided what you ’ re going to do during your holiday ?	Yes . I ’ m going to travel around Europe .	Wow , that sounds great ! Where are you going ?	Yes . I ’ m going to travel around Europe .
dull-0924	Boy , it looks like everyone in your family is here , from young to old .	Easter's a good day for reunions . The family goes to church together .	And after church they come here for lunch ?	Yup , a big potluck buffet . And then-notice there are no children around ?	Wow, great question!
dull-0925	It's time for bed .	But I'm not sleepy , Mum . Can I stay and watch more TV ?	It's already half past eleven . You have school tomorrow . You'll sleepy all tomorrow , if you don't sleep well tonight .	That is great.
dull-0926	Excuse me . I have an appointment with Mr . Li at nine . May I come in ?	Yes , come in please . I am Mr . Li . You must be My Liu , right ?	Yes , I am My Liu . Thanks .	I'd like to start this interview with some questions . Why do you think you are qualified for this position ?	Wow, great question!
dull-0927	Can we have a table for three , please ?	Sorry , all the tables for three are reserved .	Do you have a table for four , please ?	Sorry , all the tables for three are reserved .
dull-0928	What are your personal weaknesses ?	I ’ m afraid I ’ m a poor talker . I ’ m not comfortable talking with the people whom I have just met for the first time . That is not very good for business , so I have been studying public speaking .	Are you more of a leader or a follower ?	I don ’ t try to lead people . I ’ d rather cooperate with everybody , and get the job done by working together .	That is cool.
dull-0929	Gross ! What are you doing to yourself ?	That is a great question.
dull-0930	I'd like to apply for a credit card . Can you help me with my application ?	I don't know what you mean by that.
dull-0931	How long will you stay in New York ?	Just tor three days . I won't need these luggages.CouId I put them here ?	I am sorry . If you have here more than 24 hours between connecting flights , we can't check your luggage through London .	Well , maybe I can put them in the airport storage there .	I am sorry . If you have here more than 24 hours between connecting flights , we can't check your luggage through London .
dull-0932	Would you come to spend the weekend with us ?	Oh , I ’ m afraid I can ’ t . I ’ Ve had a date already .	That ’ s too bad .	Oh , I ’ m afraid I can ’ t . I ’ Ve had a date already .
dull-0933	May I know where you are going ?	Yes . I want to go to Beijing Hotel .	I'm sorry . You are going in the wrong direction .	Oh no ! What shall I do ?	Don't worry . You can get off at the next stop and go across the street through the overpass . The bus stop is right there .	I see.
dull-0934	I don ’ t want you to be worried , but our son has some bad habits now . He says painful words everyday .	What words ? Can you tell me ?	He says kick mommy , beat mommy , don ’ t want mommy , very quickly if I do something that he doesn ’ t like . You know , if I wash his face or change his clothes , things like that .	Honey , I don ’ t know what to tell you . Of course Tony is a young child . But do not underestimate his ability to learn and reason .	Yes , but sometimes he is just not reasonable .	Honey , I don ’ t know what to tell you . Of course Tony is a young child . But do not underestimate his ability to learn and reason .
dull-0935	Let ’ s play a game !	OK ! How about Scrabble ?	No , no , a friend of mine taught me this really fun game . I ’ m going to describe someone ’ s face , and you guess who it is !	I am very happy to hear that.
dull-0936	Did you read the letter in the paper about smoking ? The person who wrote that must be crazy .	I don ’ t think so . I think the government should do everything it can to discourage people from smoking .	I am happy for you!
dull-0937	Good morning , Passport , please .	Here you are .	Ah , thank you.Please bring your luggage here for inspection .	Ok.But is there anything wrong ?	That is a good question.
dull-0938	pompous . How may I help you ?	Yes , I'd like to reserve a table for dinner .	How large a group are you expecting ?	Yes , I'd like to reserve a table for dinner .
dull-0939	John , my father isn't there at all . Are you kidding ?	Cool , fellow , what's the date today , buddy ?	It's ... oh it's the 1st April , April Fool's Day .	Wow.
dull-0940	Susan is going to get a divorce .	How do you know that ?	She told me that Peter and she has a quarrel last nigh , and she left this morning , bag and baggage .	I am happy for you!
dull-0941	Good afternoon . I've brought the extra blanket you asked for .	Oh , thank you .	Good afternoon . I've brought the extra blanket you asked for .
dull-0942	I want to take a look at that home with the Open House flags out front .	What a wonderful neighborhood ! Can you find that house on our Open House list ?	Yes , that is one of the houses that we have on our list .	Awesome!
dull-0943	Is there anything wrong ?	I don't know what you mean by that.
dull-0944	the James ’ s file , Christine ?	I had it right here a minute ago , Mr . Emory . Umm . Just a minute ...	Christine , I know you ’ re new here and there ’ s a lot to learn , but you are going to have to learn to keep your work in better order . We can ’ t afford to lose an important document .	I had it right here a minute ago , Mr . Emory . Umm . Just a minute ...
dull-0945	Hi , Alice , what are you doing this sunday ?	Nothing really , why , what ' s up ?	If you are free , maybe you would like to go to a small party and having for my birthday party . It will be fun , you will get to know lots of people .	Sounds great , I'd very much like to accept your invitation , thanks , when ?	Around six pm .	Do you need help setting up or anything ? I don't mind . I like to do that kind of thing . It's fun and I have a good eye for decorating .	No . thank you . I can handle it , but thanks for the offer .	Ok , I will see you then .	No . thank you . I can handle it , but thanks for the offer .
dull-0946	Jeff , look at this listing ! It says there is a cozy studio apartment for rent , and it's only $ 700 per month . What do you think ?	Well I think I can afford that apartment . But are pets allowed ?	Hmm ... let me look . Yes , it says it's a pet-friendly building .	Awesome!
dull-0947	I heard that you finished my home inspection , and I was wondering how it went .	First of all , we need to understand what I was looking for . Do you know what the purpose of an inspection is ?	I am not sure what a home inspection is all about .	I went there to check for problems with the home , so you aren ’ t surprised when you move in .	Wouldn ’ t the owners have told me about any problems ?	Sellers aren ’ t always truthful , and there might also be problems that they aren ’ t aware of .	Can I require the owners to fix the problems ?	I don't have a good answer to that.
dull-0948	Do you believe in UFOs ?	Of course , they are out there .	But I never saw them .	Are you stupid ? They are called UFOs , so not everybody can see them .	You mean that you can them .	That's right . I can see them in my dreams .	They come to the earth ?	No . Their task is to send the aliens here from the outer space .	Aliens from the outer space ? Do you talk to them ? What do they look like ?	OK , OK , one by one , please ! They look like robots , but they can speak . Their mission is to make friends with human beings .	That means that you talk to them ? In which language ?	That is a great question.
dull-0949	Excuse me , Sir , do you know what time it is ?	Oh , it ’ s almost eleven twenty .	Thank you .	You ’ re welcome . The rain is quite heavy , isn ’ t it ?	Let me think what I have to say about that!
dull-0950	What dressing would you like on the salad ?	French dressing , please .	I am happy for you!
dull-0951	Excuse me Miao Li . Could you tell me who Jackie Chan is ?	Certainly . Jackie Chan is a very famous movie star in Hong Kong . His Chinese name is Cheng Long .	Ha , I know Cheng Long a lot , he has made 40 films since 1976 . And at that time he was promoted as the new Bruce Lee . But I'm not familiar with his English name .	OK . Then tell me what else you know .	Some movie stars measure their worth by how many millions of dollars they make . Do you know how Jackie Chan measures his worth ?	He measures his worth by how many of his bones he has fractured while executing his film , incredible stunts . By the way , can you count the breaks ?	Sure . His skull , his eyes , his nose , three times , his jaw , his shoul-der , is chest , two fingers , a knee . As he said ' Everything from the top of my head to the bottom of my feet ! '	Indeed you know much about him .	Sure . His skull , his eyes , his nose , three times , his jaw , his shoul-der , is chest , two fingers , a knee . As he said ' Everything from the top of my head to the bottom of my feet ! '
dull-0952	Why not come over to work in my company ?	I need to think it over .	I am happy for you!
dull-0953	Do you like being a doctor ?	Yes , most of the time . But , sometimes things can get difficult .	Can you tell me about it ?	You know , sometimes patients can get very unreasonable . They may insist they are sick when they are not .	That is great.
dull-0954	Excuse me . How long has it been since the business was founded ?	It has been 12 years since it was founded in 1998 .	So , it has a history for more than a decade ?	It has been 12 years since it was founded in 1998 .
dull-0955	Wei ! This is a first-you didn't bargain !	Bargain ? I'd feel way too guilty .	But you could have saved money .	From a sweet ma ? ! It's not worth it . Plus , I'd happily pay more for these things I bought !	But you could have saved money .
dull-0956	Hi , I think I was supposed to call for my test results today .	If you go onto our website and put in your password , you can access your test results .	Are you saying that there weren ’ t any problems ?	I will always have you come in for a discussion if there is a major problem .	Will I be able to read the results on the website and understand them ?	I will always have you come in for a discussion if there is a major problem .
dull-0957	Could you please tell me how I can go job-hunting in the web ?	Generally speaking , job seekers can enter the websites either of job agencies or of some units for job advertisements .	How should I contact them ?	Let me think what I have to say about that!
dull-0958	Wei ! This is a first-you didn't bargain !	Bargain ? I'd feel way too guilty .	But you could have saved money .	Nice!
dull-0959	How silly of you to jump out of the window !	But that was the first thing that came into my mind when I heard the shout earthquake !	Why not use staircases ? The terror was not so violent at that time .	Let me think what I have to say about that!
dull-0960	Good morning . May I help you ?	Yes , I'd like to check out now . My name's Adams , room 312 . Here's the key .	One moment , please , sir . ... Here's your bill . Would you like to check and see if the amount is correct ?	What's the 14 pounds for ?	That's for the phone calls you made from your room .	Can I pay with traveller's cheques ?	Certainly . May I have your passport , please ?	That is a great question.
dull-0961	So tell me , what's the difference between the Board of Directors , the CEO , and the stockholders ? They all seems ot be the same group of people to me ...	No , there's a definite difference . You know , the stockholders are the people who own the company ... they're the financial control system . Then there's the CEO — the chief executive officer . He's the hot shot , the main guy who is the boss . If there is only one person with absolute power in the organization , everyone knows that the power will go to their head . It's too dangerous . That's the reason for a Board of Directors . The board is made up of people who are experts in the industry . They could be related to the organization , but more commonly , they are independent and non-biased .	How many people are on the board of directors ?	No , there's a definite difference . You know , the stockholders are the people who own the company ... they're the financial control system . Then there's the CEO — the chief executive officer . He's the hot shot , the main guy who is the boss . If there is only one person with absolute power in the organization , everyone knows that the power will go to their head . It's too dangerous . That's the reason for a Board of Directors . The board is made up of people who are experts in the industry . They could be related to the organization , but more commonly , they are independent and non-biased .
dull-0962	Hey , could you help me try and figure out how to get ready for my job interview ?	The most important thing to do is to make sure you know the company and what services or products it provides . Do you know all about them ?	Wow.
dull-0963	Hello , sir , what can I do for you today ?	Hello , I need a new suit . I have an important interview next week , so I really need to look sharp .	No problem ! We have a broad selection of suits , all tailored made so that it will fit perfectly .	Great ! I want a three piece suit , preferably made from Italian cashmere or wool .	No problem ! We have a broad selection of suits , all tailored made so that it will fit perfectly .
dull-0964	Now please tell me something about your past work achievements .	All right , madam . When I was sales manager at the Beijing Friendship Store . I succeeded in raising the yearly sales volume by 25 % and profit margins from 50 % to 80 % .	Now please tell me something about your past work achievements .
dull-0965	I'm sorry , ladies . Mr . Smith's viewing is over . It ended an hour ago .	But we just drove across town . Can't we just go in to see him one last ...	I'm sorry , ladies . Mr . Smith's viewing is over . It ended an hour ago .
dull-0966	What courses did you take in college ?	I took a lot of courses , such as Philosophy , Logic , Ethics , Aesthetics , etc .	Which course did you like best ?	I took a lot of courses , such as Philosophy , Logic , Ethics , Aesthetics , etc .
dull-0967	What can I get for you today ?	Could I get a hamburger , please ?	Would you like cheese on that ?	No , thank you .	Would you like a drink ?	Let me have a soda .	What kind of soda would you like ?	May I have a Sprite , please ?	Sure , no problem .	I would also like a bag of chips .	Will that be all ?	I would also like a bag of chips .
dull-0968	Like a cat on hot bricks , as you might say . I don ’ t believe you are listening at all .	Sorry , I just worried about him . You know , he should be here an hour ago .	Like a cat on hot bricks , as you might say . I don ’ t believe you are listening at all .
dull-0969	I hear you are expecting your family .	Yes , my parents , and soon my brother as well .	I didn't know you had a brother .	Yes , my parents , and soon my brother as well .
dull-0970	Would you please show me the necklace in the window ?	Is this the one you want ?	No , the one next to it .	Here you are .	No , the one next to it .
dull-0971	Good morning . Can I help you ?	Good morning . I ’ m here to see Rochelle Davis , the Human Resources Manager .	Do you have an appointment with her ?	Yes , I do . I have a 10:00 appointment with her this morning .	I see.
dull-0972	I have some great news ! I was able to switch to the night shift !	I knew everything would work out for you !	I got to meet the night Anger today too . We got along right from the start .	Wonderful ! Do you already have your work schedule ?	Not yet , I pick it up tomorrow .	Do you know what you will be doing yet ?	That is a good question.
dull-0973	Ella , it's been such a long week . I'm ready to go out and party . Hey , let's go out for a night on the town .	Gosh , you took all the word right out of my mouth . Let's go out and get crazy tonight .	Let's go to the new club on West Street .	Sure , but what do I wear ?	Let's go to the new club on West Street .
dull-0974	What's your favorite book ?	It's Gone With the Wind .	Why do you like it best ?	I enjoy the various characters and the plot .	Well . I like the Thom Birds best .	Is it very interesting ?	Sure . I like the writer's language , too .	If I have a chance , I'll enjoy the book .	Would you like to go to the bookshop with me ?	If I have a chance , I'll enjoy the book .
dull-0975	I didn ’ t receive an unemployment check this week and need to know why .	Did you mail us your last Continued Claim Form ?	I am afraid that I forgot to send it in .	Awesome!
dull-0976	What's up ?	Nothing much , what's going on ?	I'm having a party this Friday .	Oh , really ? That's nice .	That is a good question.
dull-0977	This is the Bell Captain's Desk . May I help you ?	Yes , I've been waiting for my bags to be sent up for the last half hour . Where are they ?	I'm very sorry to hear that . May I have your name and room number , please ?	Yes , it's Yao Lan . Room 406 .	And how many pieces did you have ?	That is a good question.
dull-0978	When was America discovered , Tony ?	That is a good question.
dull-0979	What can I help you with ?	May I ask you something ?	What's your question ?	How many hours behind the wheel do I need ?	What do you need to take it for ?	I'm trying to get my license .	You need six hours .	I'm trying to get my license .
dull-0980	I ’ m taking BA fright 123 to London . Can you tell me where the reporting desk is , please ?	Yes , Madam . The reporting desk for the British Airway's flight to London is over there .	Thank you so much . Is this the desk for BA flight 123 to London ?	Yes , this is the right desk . Have you any luggage ?	That is a good question.
dull-0981	Welcome to China , Mr . Smith .	Thank you . So pleasant to meet you here !	I heard that you are interested in our silk skirts and new style of coats .	Yes , I've brought a list of your recent products with me . We'd like to import some of your latest clothes for the second half of this year . We're ready to place an order with you .	Great ! B , most of the items listed are available this year . I hope we can come to an agreement and sign the contracts , so as to enable our timely delivery .	That sounds good . But I have a proposal now .	What's the proposal ?	Both of our two parties were involved in the discussion previously . Shall we also allow some of our clients to join us ?	That is great.
dull-0982	Excuse me . I have an appointment with Mr . Li at nine . May I come in ?	Yes , come in please . I am Mr . Li . You must be My Liu , right ?	Yes , I am My Liu . Thanks .	I'd like to start this interview with some questions . Why do you think you are qualified for this position ?	According to your advertisement , you want an experienced software engineer . I think my background meets the requirement of this position .	Then tell me something about your background .	My major was computer science when I was at college , and I am quite familiar with Visual C + + and Java language .	Well , what do you think about the development in computers ?	The developments in software are going ahead very quickly and more and more problems are resolved by software . In some regions , the hardware is completely replaced by software . So I think the software industry has a great future .	Have you ever designed any programs concerning network ?	Yes , I have designed some programs for the network with Visual C + + and I have passed the test for programmers - MUSE .	Have you got anything to ask me ?	Yes , can you tell me what's my responsibility in this position ?	Let me think what I have to say about that!
dull-0983	How smart of you to book the tickets before hand !	Oh , do you really think so ?	That is a good question.
dull-0984	What are your personal weaknesses ?	I ’ m afraid I ’ m a poor talker . I ’ m not comfortable talking with the people whom I have just met for the first time . That is not very good for business , so I have been studying public speaking .	Are you more of a leader or a follower ?	That question does not make sense to me.
dull-0985	Over here is our gym . We have all the latest equipment .	But I haven't used exercising equipment before . Can you tell us some more details ?	Over here is our gym . We have all the latest equipment .
dull-0986	I'd like to speak Dr.Johnson .	Sorry , but he's not in . May I take a message for you ?	I'd like to speak Dr.Johnson .
dull-0987	What were you and Richard talking about earlier ? It looked intense .	Yeah , Richard said something to me that I didn't appreciate .	Oh , no . I know how insensitive he can be . What has he done now ?	He asked me how long it took me to learn English .	But , you were born and raised in California !	Yeah , but I get that sometimes . It doesn't matter how many generations my family has lived in the U . S . , we'll always be foreigners in their eyes .	What a racist ! How can you stand working with the guy ?	You know , Richard isn't such a bad guy . He made the comment out of ignorance , not malice .	So , what did you say when he asked you how long it took you to learn English ?	I don't have a good answer to that.
dull-0988	How much will my pay be , if you don ’ t mind my asking ?	We would like to start you off at 1,500 yuan a month , not including bonus and overtime pay . We don ’ t give bonus every month , but we offer a semi-annual bonus . And you will receive two weeks paid vacation a year , as well . Does it suit you ?	I see.
dull-0989	Marketing manage office , can I help you ?	Mr Green , please .	Sorry , he's out .	What time you suspect back them ?	Sorry , I am not sure , can I take a message ?	No , thanks . I'll call back later .	That's fine.please call again later .	No , thanks . I'll call back later .
dull-0990	We quarreled yesterday , and he picked up and left .	Terrible ! Does he want to divorce ?	That is a great question.
dull-0991	Steven , I'm going abroad by plane for the first time tomorrow . Can you give me some advice ? And what should I pay attention to ?	I don't have a good answer to that.
dull-0992	Excuse me . Do you mind if I try this on ?	Not at all . The changing rooms are just this way .	Thanks . It's a little tight . Do you have any in a larger size ?	Not at all . The changing rooms are just this way .
dull-0993	What can I help you with ?	May I ask you something ?	What's your question ?	How many hours behind the wheel do I need ?	What do you need to take it for ?	I'm trying to get my license .	I love that.
dull-0994	Look at this newspaper article about this famous local medium . It says that she is really gifted and so popular now , that she is booked solid with appointments for the next twelve months !	You don't really believe in all that hocus pocus mumbo jumbo , do you ?	Well , I have had many friends that went to a psychic and got their palms read and most of the things the psychic told her came true !	Of course it does ! They tell you general and obvious things like that you will be successful or have a big house . I think most of the times they are just scam artists .	Well , I have had many friends that went to a psychic and got their palms read and most of the things the psychic told her came true !
dull-0995	Tom , is Jenny crying ?	Can you take he away from me ?	I ’ m just coming for that .	She kept bothering me .	I ’ m just coming for that .
dull-0996	I'm too tired now . I've already worked for 12 hours overtime !	God ! Don't you think they should get you an assistant ?	Yes , they were supposed to , but so far nobody's turned up , and I have to do the work alone . This is the first break I've had all day .	They're really running you into the ground . Why don't you ask for some time off ? You could take a long weekend and have a good rest .	Wow, great question!
dull-0997	What can I get for you today ?	Could I get a hamburger , please ?	Would you like cheese on that ?	No , thank you .	Would you like a drink ?	Let me have a soda .	What kind of soda would you like ?	Let me have a soda .
dull-0998	You still have not given me those files I ’ Ve asked you for .	I ’ m sorry , Mr . Myers . I ’ Ve just been so busy today .	I really don ’ t want to hear your excuses , Janet . We ’ re running a busy office here . You ’ re going to have to keep up .	I ’ m sorry , Mr . Myers . I ’ Ve just been so busy today .
dull-0999	What's up ?	Nothing much , what's going on ?	I'm having a party this Friday .	Oh , really ? That's nice .	I wanted to see if you wanted to come .	Awesome!
dull-1000	Doris , I'm glad you're home . I'm terrified . I don't know what to do !	What is it ? What happened ?	I think someone is stalking me .	No , it can't be . Really ? Who ?	I don't know . I saw him the first time Tuesday . He was at the cafe . I noticed he was looking at me a lot . Not just the usual looking , but staring.He just kept staring at me . He didn't stop .	What did you do ?	I didn't do anything . Finally , he left.But then I saw him again today . Outside the shoe store . Near the cafe . I went into a CD store and pretended I was looking at CD's . But then he came in too .	I like that.
dull-1001	Dave , there's something I want to talk to you about .	Zina , why are you whispering ?	I've been talking to WebTracker . I'm thinking of jumping ship .	Wow.
dull-1002	So tell me , what's the difference between the Board of Directors , the CEO , and the stockholders ? They all seems ot be the same group of people to me ...	No , there's a definite difference . You know , the stockholders are the people who own the company ... they're the financial control system . Then there's the CEO — the chief executive officer . He's the hot shot , the main guy who is the boss . If there is only one person with absolute power in the organization , everyone knows that the power will go to their head . It's too dangerous . That's the reason for a Board of Directors . The board is made up of people who are experts in the industry . They could be related to the organization , but more commonly , they are independent and non-biased .	I am happy for you!
dull-1003	I'm a little nervous .	Don't worry . You'll be fine . First of all , put on your seat belt . Adjust the mirrors .	You don't think I'll need the seat belt , do you ?	That question does not make sense to me.
dull-1004	Jeff , look at this listing ! It says there is a cozy studio apartment for rent , and it's only $ 700 per month . What do you think ?	Well I think I can afford that apartment . But are pets allowed ?	Hmm ... let me look . Yes , it says it's a pet-friendly building .	That's great . That means I can bring my cat , Mr . Twinkles . Where is the apartment located ?	Hmm ... let me look . Yes , it says it's a pet-friendly building .
dull-1005	Oh , hi , Jessica , are you going to see this movie too ?	I'd love to , the movies are smash hit .	Then let's go in .	I can't . I'm waiting for Paul , but he's late .	I'll say the movie's starting in the minute .	I know . I wonder what's keeping him .	Looks like he won't show up . He's done this before , hasn't he ?	I don't know what you mean by that.
dull-1006	Marketing manage office , can I help you ?	Mr Green , please .	I am very happy to hear that.
dull-1007	Do you speak only English in the class , or does your teacher explain everything to you in Spanish ?	Oh , we never speak Spanish in class ! Miss.Parker speaks to us only in English .	I suppose she's right . Does she speak English very slowly ?	Not always . Sometimes we don't understand her . Then she has to repeat what she said .	It must be interesting to study English .	Not always . Sometimes we don't understand her . Then she has to repeat what she said .
dull-1008	Your knowledge of English is really surprising .	Oh , it's nothing to speak of .	No , seriously . I am impressed .	Oh , it's nothing to speak of .
dull-1009	Hello , Sir . How can we help you today ?	I need to find out some more information for L / C . I would like an outline of responsibilities , both ours , yours and the beneficiary , please .	OK , to start , the conditions are specified by the buyer and may include Insurance Forms , Way Bills , Bills of Lading , Customs forms , various certificates .	I need to find out some more information for L / C . I would like an outline of responsibilities , both ours , yours and the beneficiary , please .
dull-1010	Good afternoon . what can I do for you ?	I want to pick up my valuables .	I love that.
dull-1011	What can I do for you , Madam ?	Can you help me with Comprehensive Credit Granting ?	Certainly , Madam . What would you like to know ?	Well , everything really .	That is amazing.
dull-1012	We quarreled yesterday , and he picked up and left .	Terrible ! Does he want to divorce ?	We quarreled yesterday , and he picked up and left .
dull-1013	So , Paula , where are you from ?	I'm from Canada , originally .	From Canada ? Where were you born ?	That is a great question.
dull-1014	Hello , Miss Wu , This is Dan Robson calling from OTC limited . I'd like to check my last order . When exactly was it sent out ?	I can check that for you right now . Would you mind holding ?	That is a good question.
dull-1015	Thank you for lending me the book .	Sure . But it's a very difficult one , you need to have a dictionary at your elbow .	Thank you for lending me the book .
dull-1016	What dressing would you like on the salad ?	French dressing , please .	I beg your pardon ?	That is a good question.
dull-1017	What happened , John ?	Nothing .	I love that.
dull-1018	the James ’ s file , Christine ?	I had it right here a minute ago , Mr . Emory . Umm . Just a minute ...	That is very interesting.
dull-1019	Have you got any better ?	That's the best there is .	That is good.
dull-1020	Have you ever gotten a parking ticket ?	I've never gotten one . Have you ?	I got a ticket yesterday .	Really ? What did you get one for ?	I parked in the red zone .	Why did you do that ?	I needed to get something really quick .	Where did you park at ?	At my apartment building .	Don't you have your own parking spot ?	I don't know what you mean by that.
dull-1021	May I know where you are going ?	Yes . I want to go to Beijing Hotel .	I'm sorry . You are going in the wrong direction .	Oh no ! What shall I do ?	That is a great question.
dull-1022	Can you speak Japanese ?	Yes , I can , but not very well .	I see.
dull-1023	I'm searching for an old music box .	You came to the right place . Any particular decade ?	If you had a box made in the ' 20s , that would be nice .	We just got one in yesterday , so now we have six .	Would any of them have dancing figures ?	Yes , we still have two boxes left that have dancing figures .	Oh , they're both so beautiful . Let me have this one , I think .	That one truly is a beautiful piece of work , isn't it ?	One last question	Oh , no . Everything we sell here is " as is . "	I guess I was asking for too much .	Oh , no . Everything we sell here is " as is . "
dull-1024	I hear you are planning to travel abroad .	Yes . I'm going to the Untied States for travel . What places do you recommend ?	In my opinion , there are several places you mustn't miss , like Washington D . C , Las Vegas , New York and Los Angeles .	Someone suggests that I should go to Seattle and Hawaii .	Yes , you may consider those two places also . Seattle , for example , is worth visiting and there's a very famous museum called Museum of Flight .	Someone suggests that I should go to Seattle and Hawaii .
dull-1025	When was America discovered , Tony ?	That question does not make sense to me.
dull-1026	Isn't it wonderful walking here ?	What do you mean ?	I mean look at all these magnificent buildings around us .	Yes , look over there . That's the Empire State Building . My book says it's 102 stories tall .	It's quite famous but don't you think it looks a bit old-fashioned ?	I don't know what you mean by that.
dull-1027	Marketing manage office , can I help you ?	Mr Green , please .	Sorry , he's out .	What time you suspect back them ?	Sorry , I am not sure , can I take a message ?	Awesome!
dull-1028	You are an early bird , Tom . What do you do in the morning then ?	Wow, great question!
dull-1029	Could I have some fish ?	Certainly . And what vegetables would you like ?	I don't have a good answer to that.
dull-1030	It's your turn now , Helen .	OK . I'm coming .	This is your song . I picked it for you .	Thank you . You are so considerate .	This is your song . I picked it for you .
dull-1031	So tell me , what's the difference between the Board of Directors , the CEO , and the stockholders ? They all seems ot be the same group of people to me ...	No , there's a definite difference . You know , the stockholders are the people who own the company ... they're the financial control system . Then there's the CEO — the chief executive officer . He's the hot shot , the main guy who is the boss . If there is only one person with absolute power in the organization , everyone knows that the power will go to their head . It's too dangerous . That's the reason for a Board of Directors . The board is made up of people who are experts in the industry . They could be related to the organization , but more commonly , they are independent and non-biased .	Nice!
dull-1032	I only want a little off the top and the sides and back to have clean lines .	Okay . Is your hair naturally curly or is it a perm ?	It's natural . My friend told me you know how to work with curls .	That's my specialty . Let me put this around your neck .	It's natural . My friend told me you know how to work with curls .
dull-1033	So tell me , what's the difference between the Board of Directors , the CEO , and the stockholders ? They all seems ot be the same group of people to me ...	No , there's a definite difference . You know , the stockholders are the people who own the company ... they're the financial control system . Then there's the CEO — the chief executive officer . He's the hot shot , the main guy who is the boss . If there is only one person with absolute power in the organization , everyone knows that the power will go to their head . It's too dangerous . That's the reason for a Board of Directors . The board is made up of people who are experts in the industry . They could be related to the organization , but more commonly , they are independent and non-biased .	How many people are on the board of directors ?	No , there's a definite difference . You know , the stockholders are the people who own the company ... they're the financial control system . Then there's the CEO — the chief executive officer . He's the hot shot , the main guy who is the boss . If there is only one person with absolute power in the organization , everyone knows that the power will go to their head . It's too dangerous . That's the reason for a Board of Directors . The board is made up of people who are experts in the industry . They could be related to the organization , but more commonly , they are independent and non-biased .
dull-1034	This Olympic park is so big !	Yes . Now we are in the Olympic stadium , the center of this park .	Splendid ! When is it gonna be finished ?	The whole stadium is to be finished this June .	I like that.
dull-1035	So , Paula , where are you from ?	I'm from Canada , originally .	From Canada ? Where were you born ?	Montreal .	When did you come to Los Angeles ?	We moved here when I was fourteen .	Did you go to school here ?	Well , I went to high school here , but I went to college in Texas .	Did you get a job right after graduation ?	No , I traveled for a while in Europe after college , and then I lived in France .	When was that ?	Let's see ... That was about six years ago .	I bet that was interesting . What did you do there ?	Let's see ... That was about six years ago .
dull-1036	Hi . I ’ m here to catch flight 513 to New York .	May I see your ticket please ?	Hi . I ’ m here to catch flight 513 to New York .
dull-1037	how are you ?	Let me think what I have to say about that!
dull-1038	Hey Nick , what are you up to ?	Not much , just heading over to the shooting range . You wanna come ?	Seriously ? You mean to fire a real weapon ? I don ’ t know man .	Yeah , it will be fun ! I have a 9mm pistol that is really easy to shoot . I also have a revolver that ’ s really fun too ! They have big targets at the range that we could use to practice and improve your aim .	Awesome!
dull-1039	When was America discovered , Tony ?	I'm not certain . Do you know ?	America was discovered by Christopher Columbus in 1492 .	In a way that's right . But the Vikings travelled there long beforeColumbus . And what about the Red Indians ?	All right . Ask me a question now .	Who invented the electric light bulb ?	That's easy . It was invented by Edison .	Correct . Now for a harder question . Who will be the first men on Mars ?	That's easy . It was invented by Edison .
dull-1040	I'd like to apply for a credit card . Can you help me with my application ?	That is a great question.
dull-1041	What's your favorite book ?	It's Gone With the Wind .	Why do you like it best ?	I enjoy the various characters and the plot .	Well . I like the Thom Birds best .	Is it very interesting ?	Sure . I like the writer's language , too .	If I have a chance , I'll enjoy the book .	Sure . I like the writer's language , too .
dull-1042	Every time when heroes came back from the battlefield , we took our hats off to them .	You were showing respect and admiration for them .	Every time when heroes came back from the battlefield , we took our hats off to them .
dull-1043	I need help with the office party .	Yes , of course . We could split it . What part would you like to do , the food or the entertainment ?	I have no idea what the entertainment should be .	Let's make sure we are on the same page . Do we want a formal or informal gathering ?	Let's make it a formal affair .	Yes , that would be best . Now , for food should we have Chinese or American food ?	American food would be the best choice .	I see.
dull-1044	Reservation , can I help you ?	Yes , I would like to reserve a room for next Monday .	Wait a moment , please . Let me check it .	By the way , I want a large room .	Right now we have a suite for 4 people , do you want to book it ?	By the way , I want a large room .
dull-1045	Excuse me . I bought this shirt yesterday , but I would like to refund it .	Gave me the receipt , please .	Here is my receipt .	What's wrong with it ?	It's too small for me to wear .	That is very interesting.
dull-1046	Have you ever gotten a parking ticket ?	I've never gotten one . Have you ?	I got a ticket yesterday .	Really ? What did you get one for ?	I parked in the red zone .	Why did you do that ?	I parked in the red zone .
dull-1047	How would you like your hair set ?	That is a great question.
dull-1048	Billy , you are late again .	I'm sorry I'm late . I overslept . Is the manager here today ?	That is a good question.
dull-1049	I've come to hear about your offer .	We have the offer ready for you . Let me check . 10 boxes with 50 brooches per box , at 20,000 yuan ; 20 boxes with 50 waistbands per box , at 30,000 yuan ; 15 boxes with other ornaments per box , at 7 , 500 yuan , for shipment in June . The offer is valid for five days .	I can tell you right now that your prices are a little higher than we expected .	You know that the prices of the ornaments have been rising in recent years . The prices we offer this time compare favorably with quotations you can get else where .	I am afraid I can't agree with you there . I must point out your prices are higher than the quotations we've received from other companies .	But you must take the design and quality into consideration . You know we are superior to others in design and quality . We have various styles , which the other companies cannot catch up with .	I agree that yours are of the top .	Well , since your order is large enough , can you give me a rough idea ?	Let me think what I have to say about that!
dull-1050	Excuse me . can you tell me where Main Street is ?	Turn left at the second light and then go straight for two blocks .	I am very happy to hear that.
dull-1051	OK . Come back into the classroom , class .	Does the class start again , Mam ?	That is a good question.
dull-1052	I need help with the office party .	Yes , of course . We could split it . What part would you like to do , the food or the entertainment ?	That question does not make sense to me.
dull-1053	What did he say ?	That question does not make sense to me.
dull-1054	I've come to hear about your offer .	We have the offer ready for you . Let me check . 10 boxes with 50 brooches per box , at 20,000 yuan ; 20 boxes with 50 waistbands per box , at 30,000 yuan ; 15 boxes with other ornaments per box , at 7 , 500 yuan , for shipment in June . The offer is valid for five days .	I can tell you right now that your prices are a little higher than we expected .	You know that the prices of the ornaments have been rising in recent years . The prices we offer this time compare favorably with quotations you can get else where .	I am afraid I can't agree with you there . I must point out your prices are higher than the quotations we've received from other companies .	But you must take the design and quality into consideration . You know we are superior to others in design and quality . We have various styles , which the other companies cannot catch up with .	I agree that yours are of the top .	Well , since your order is large enough , can you give me a rough idea ?	I agree that yours are of the top .
dull-1055	Do you think they two will get married ?	Yeah , you can count on it .	I think so . Yes , they get along so well .	Yeah , you can count on it .
dull-1056	Hi , George . I'm going to have a job interview next week . Could you give me some advice ?	That is a great question.
dull-1057	Hey Jimmy . Let's go workout later today .	Sure . What time do you want to go ?	How about at 3:30 ?	That is cool.
dull-1058	I need a taxi , please .	We have various transportation services . Would you prefer a private vehicle ?	That is a good question.
dull-1059	How about another beer ?	No , thanks . I've had more than enough.In fact , I must be running along .	Stay around for a while.The party is warming up .	No , thanks . I've had more than enough.In fact , I must be running along .
dull-1060	I want a pair of sports shoes , Adidas .	What size do you want ?	I wear size 40 .	How about this one ? It's the latest design .	I wear size 40 .
dull-1061	Hello sir , how may I help you ?	I would like to buy some flowers , please . Something really nice .	I see , may I ask what the occasion is ?	It ’ s not really an occasion , it ’ s more like I ’ m sorry .	Very well.This arrangement here is very popular among regretful husbands and boyfriends . It has a dozen long stem red roses with a couple of sunflowers and a single orchid that stands out . It includes a small teddy bear to achieve the effect of immediate forgiveness .	I think I ’ m gonna need more than just a dozen red roses and a bear . What else do you recommend ?	Mmm , well this is our I ’ m sorry I cheated on you package . Two dozen red roses lined with tulips , carnations and lilies . The fragrance and beauty of this flower arrangement is sure to make her forgive you .	I don ’ t think that ’ s gonna cut it . I need something bigger and better !	I ’ m sorry sir but , what exactly did you do ?	I don ’ t think that ’ s gonna cut it . I need something bigger and better !
dull-1062	I think Yoga might be suitable for me .	Why ?	Because it doesn't require a lot of energy and thus easy to keep up .	But I see people sweat a lot doing Yoga too .	I don't know . I just need to try it once . I'm in urgent need of some exercise to lose some weight .	But I see people sweat a lot doing Yoga too .
dull-1063	It's your turn now , Helen .	OK . I'm coming .	This is your song . I picked it for you .	Thank you . You are so considerate .	Push the red button on the mike to turn it on .	OK . This key is too high for me .	I think it's a piece of cake for you .	OK . Let me have a try ...	Well done ! I hope I can sing as well as you one day .	OK . Let me have a try ...
dull-1064	What can I get for you today ?	Could I get a hamburger , please ?	Would you like cheese on that ?	No , thank you .	Would you like a drink ?	I don't have a good answer to that.
dull-1065	Doris , I'm glad you're home . I'm terrified . I don't know what to do !	What is it ? What happened ?	Doris , I'm glad you're home . I'm terrified . I don't know what to do !
dull-1066	How did you find your apartment ?	You can check on the bulletin boards at school for local housing .	What if I need a roommate ?	There are websites that can hook you up with a roommate .	How much do apartments cost around here ?	It depends on what you want . Do you want a one - or two-bedroom apartment ?	That is great.
dull-1067	Where to , ma'am ?	The Grand Hotel .	The Grand Hotel ?	The Grand Hotel .
dull-1068	Excuse me . Do you have the time ?	My watch is a few minutes fast . It's about six forty , I think .	I see.
dull-1069	Hi , there . Look at these . I have collected some ads here . There is a special promotion for Mother's Day this weekend .	Oh , yes . Mother's Day is coming . Do you plan to buy anything ?	Of course . I want to buy some night cream for my mom , and some masques for myself .	I like that.
dull-1070	What dressing would you like on the salad ?	That is a good question.
dull-1071	Good afternoon . I'd like to speak with Tom Smith .	I'm afraid he's away from his desk at the moment .	Do you know when he will be back ?	That is a great question.
dull-1072	What do you think of Frank ?	He is all right . But I think he seems to have no back bone .	I am very happy to hear that.
dull-1073	Is this supply ?	Yeah . This is supply . What can I do for you ?	This is Rachel in Human Resources . I need two boxes of company letterhead , one box of ball-point pens , and a box of envelopes .	Awesome!
dull-1074	Hi , Kenny . Let's go for a drink .	Sounds good . Where are we going ?	Somewhere new . It's a great place to pick up chicks .	Need a new . girlfriend , huh ?	Yeah , I broke up with Lisa.She blew a gasket over it . Whoa , get a load of that !	I like that.
dull-1075	You have a lovely house , Jack .	Thank you . But a number of things have been going wrong lately .	That's too bad . What problems are you having .	Oh , the whole house needs re-painting for starters . The carpet in the living room is worn out , and I'd like to put in new wall-to-wall carpeting . Last week , I had to call the plumber to fix the toilet . Anyway , all par for the course when you own a house , I guess . I think I am going to hire an interior decorator to look the place over .	I've studied home decoration as a hobby . Could I make some suggestions ?	Oh , the whole house needs re-painting for starters . The carpet in the living room is worn out , and I'd like to put in new wall-to-wall carpeting . Last week , I had to call the plumber to fix the toilet . Anyway , all par for the course when you own a house , I guess . I think I am going to hire an interior decorator to look the place over .
dull-1076	Are you an art aficionado ?	I don't have a good answer to that.
dull-1077	I was just watching a documentary on TV about how people use dogs for various purpose . It was very interesting .	I love dogs . They have been used as guards for centuries . Nowadays , they are often used to find illegal drugs and bombs by the police and customs officers .	The documentary also pointed out that they are used by shepherds to round up sheep and by rescue workers to find people trapped under rubble or snow .	Horses are useful to people too . We use them for sports and recreation .	Don ’ t forget that horses are still used in many countries to pull ploughs and carts .	Can you ride a horse ?	Don ’ t forget that horses are still used in many countries to pull ploughs and carts .
dull-1078	I want to buy three tickets . What's the entrance fee ?	$ 10 per person .	Awesome!
dull-1079	I want a pair of sports shoes , Adidas .	What size do you want ?	I wear size 40 .	That is cool.
dull-1080	Hello ! This is Ruby speaking from G . O . T . International Travel Agency . What can I do for you ?	I ’ d like to make a reservation for my trip from Detroit to Beijing on April 13 on Trans Pacific Airline .	Do you want a single ticket or a round trip ticket ?	I ’ d like to have a round trip ticket with a one-year open return .	Economy or Business Class ?	Economy , please . How much is it ?	It will be $ 850 .	Very good . Could I get an electronic ticket ? I ’ m always afraid of losing my tickets .	No problem . How do you wish to pay for it ?	Bank of American card . The number is 6786 9182 12300 8657 .	Thank you ! Would you like an aisle seat or a window seat ?	An aisle seat , please . I ’ m tall and need to get up and walk pretty often .	No problem . Your ticket is for Trans Pacific Flight 87 from Detroit to Beijing at 3 forty p . m . on April 13 . You will arrive at Beijing International Airport at six 35 p . m . on April 14 . Your electronic	What time should I arrive at Detroit Airport ?	That is a good question.
dull-1081	Isn't it wonderful walking here ?	What do you mean ?	I mean look at all these magnificent buildings around us .	Yes , look over there . That's the Empire State Building . My book says it's 102 stories tall .	It's quite famous but don't you think it looks a bit old-fashioned ?	You're right , but when it was built in 1930 it was a marvel of technology and engineering .	What other important buildings are we going to see on Fifth Avenue ?	You're right , but when it was built in 1930 it was a marvel of technology and engineering .
dull-1082	Do you like ethnic food ?	I do ! My favorites are Mexican , Thai , and Indian .	Really ? Have you ever tried Moroccan ?	I do ! My favorites are Mexican , Thai , and Indian .
dull-1083	Well , how did you enjoy your seaside trip ?	It was funny .	Tell me about it , will you ?	Well , we drove through the valley on our way there in the morning . It was a magnificent sight .	Did you stop at the big waterfall for pictures ?	Sure , we wouldn't miss it for anything . After that , we took a short cut to the park . There was very little traffic , so we got there in less than an hour .	You were lucky then . What did you do after that ?	That is a great question.
dull-1084	Have you enjoyed your weekend ?	I don't have a good answer to that.
dull-1085	How long will you stay in New York ?	Just tor three days . I won't need these luggages.CouId I put them here ?	I am sorry . If you have here more than 24 hours between connecting flights , we can't check your luggage through London .	Well , maybe I can put them in the airport storage there .	I am sorry . If you have here more than 24 hours between connecting flights , we can't check your luggage through London .
dull-1086	Ms . Montgomery ? This is Richard Thomas . I ’ m sorry to bother you at home , but I ’ Ve got a bit of a problem .	I don't have a good answer to that.
dull-1087	Have you declared your income and are you prepared to pay tax ?	Not yet . I don't know how to fill out the form . What is the tax-free allowance for supporting a dependent ?	I don't really know . Why not ask the accountant or the lawyer of the law firm ? They will tell you which is subject or not subject to taxation . He can even help you avoid paying tax legally .	If I don't pay my taxes , would the tax officials discover it ?	Awesome!
dull-1088	This is our rock-bottom price , Mr . Lee .	If that's the case . there's not much point in further discussion . We might as well call the whole deal off .	This is our rock-bottom price , Mr . Lee .
dull-1089	Why didn't you tell me you had a girlfriend ?	Sorry , I thought you knew .	But you should have told me you were in love with her .	Didn't I ?	You know you didn't .	Well , I'm telling you now .	Yes , but you might have told me before .	Well , I'm telling you now .
dull-1090	Good morning , sir . Can I help you ?	Good morning . I'm interested in antiques . Do you have any ?	Yes , we have a great variety of Chinese antiques .	What do you have ?	Well , we have some painting and some porcelain . Which do you like better ?	I'd like porcelain .	Good . How about the table set ?	Oh , it looks well . I like it very much .	It's made in Jingdezhen .	How much is it ?	It's made in Jingdezhen .
dull-1091	What can I get for you today ?	Wow, great question!
dull-1092	Hey Jimmy . Let's go workout later today .	Sure . What time do you want to go ?	How about at 3:30 ?	That sounds good . Today we work on Legs and forearm .	Hey . I just played basketball earlier , so my legs are a little sore . Let's work out on arms and stomach today .	That sounds good . Today we work on Legs and forearm .
dull-1093	Excuse me , does this bus go to the new bookstore ?	No , you'll have to get off at the bank , and take a No . 50 .	Thank you.How much is the fare to that stop ?	One dollar .	How many stops are there ?	Two stops after this one .	Could you please tell me when we get there ?	That question does not make sense to me.
dull-1094	How was the movie last night ?	I didn't really like it .	Mary said that she was really pleased with the photography .	I found it very disappointing .	Mary said that she was really pleased with the photography .
dull-1095	Do you remember what the ratings of movies stand for ?	Yes , G stands for General Audiences , PG means Parental Guidance suggested , R is restricted to audiences under 18 and X means explicit content .	Does anyone pay any attention to those ratings anymore ?	Let me think what I have to say about that!
dull-1096	Why didn't you tell me you had a girlfriend ?	Sorry , I thought you knew .	But you should have told me you were in love with her .	Didn't I ?	You know you didn't .	Well , I'm telling you now .	Yes , but you might have told me before .	Well , I'm telling you now .
dull-1097	Guess who I saw just now ?	That is a good question.
dull-1098	I've come to hear about your offer .	We have the offer ready for you . Let me check . 10 boxes with 50 brooches per box , at 20,000 yuan ; 20 boxes with 50 waistbands per box , at 30,000 yuan ; 15 boxes with other ornaments per box , at 7 , 500 yuan , for shipment in June . The offer is valid for five days .	I can tell you right now that your prices are a little higher than we expected .	You know that the prices of the ornaments have been rising in recent years . The prices we offer this time compare favorably with quotations you can get else where .	I am afraid I can't agree with you there . I must point out your prices are higher than the quotations we've received from other companies .	But you must take the design and quality into consideration . You know we are superior to others in design and quality . We have various styles , which the other companies cannot catch up with .	I agree that yours are of the top .	Well , since your order is large enough , can you give me a rough idea ?	To have this business concluded , I should say a reduction of least 10 % would help .	I love that.
dull-1099	Good evening , madam . Can I help you ?	Yes . I bought this sheet here yesterday .	That is great.
dull-1100	What's that book you have under your arm ?	It's the best seller everyone's been talking about for the last six months .	How in the world did you get a copy ? I've put a hold on it at the public library for weeks and I'm still waiting my turn .	I checked it out of the rental library . It only costs five cents a day .	Is it really worth paying for ?	I checked it out of the rental library . It only costs five cents a day .
dull-1101	Doris , I'm glad you're home . I'm terrified . I don't know what to do !	What is it ? What happened ?	I think someone is stalking me .	No , it can't be . Really ? Who ?	I don't know what you mean by that.
dull-1102	Good morning , everyone . Let me introduce myself to you ...	You don't need to introduce yourself , Yang . You're famous .	Well , thank you very much but I thought l'd try and chair the meeting by the rule — at least for a while .	OK , OK !	Now , I'd like to get things under way . The main topic on today's agenda is the development of a U . S . sales strategy for the new EBB . I'd like to hear all of your ideas , Mr . Wall , you seem in top form today . Could you start the ball rolling ?	Uh , oh , sure . Well , I think we should keep in mind that the key to good sales is advertising .	I love that.
dull-1103	We are just going round the corner for a drink . Won't you join us ?	Wow, great question!
dull-1104	Hi , I think I was supposed to call for my test results today .	If you go onto our website and put in your password , you can access your test results .	Are you saying that there weren ’ t any problems ?	I will always have you come in for a discussion if there is a major problem .	Will I be able to read the results on the website and understand them ?	I will always have you come in for a discussion if there is a major problem .
dull-1105	Are you going to buy a bicycle ?	I ’ m thinking about it . How much is it ?	¥ 350 .	Oh , dear . It ’ s too expensive . Can you give me a better price ?	Your discount is already included . Normally we charge ¥ 400 , but now we can give you a special price . This is our sale period .	It ’ s still too much . Can ’ t you make it any cheaper than that ?	Your discount is already included . Normally we charge ¥ 400 , but now we can give you a special price . This is our sale period .
dull-1106	I had to announce his innocence in court today , but it left a nasty taste in my mouth .	You mean you suspect him .	I ’ m not sure . I ’ ll try to prove my feeling .	You mean you suspect him .
dull-1107	Could you show me what you've got ?	We've got several good chicken dishes if you like chicken .	I love that.
dull-1108	You're made a good choice . This china tea set is unusual .	Where was it from ?	It was made in Jingdezhen .	Jingdezhen ? Isn't it called ' the capital of porcelain ' ?	You are right .	Awesome!
dull-1109	Let's program your courses . Since you have had English literature , you should take American literature and American prose and fiction.You transcript indicate that your English background is strong , so I don't think you have any problem with it .	How many credits for each course ?	Three , you also should take two three-credit-course in education department .	That is very interesting.
dull-1110	Welcome to China , Mr . Smith .	Thank you . So pleasant to meet you here !	I heard that you are interested in our silk skirts and new style of coats .	Yes , I've brought a list of your recent products with me . We'd like to import some of your latest clothes for the second half of this year . We're ready to place an order with you .	Great ! B , most of the items listed are available this year . I hope we can come to an agreement and sign the contracts , so as to enable our timely delivery .	That sounds good . But I have a proposal now .	What's the proposal ?	Both of our two parties were involved in the discussion previously . Shall we also allow some of our clients to join us ?	That is a great question.
dull-1111	Hey Jimmy . Let's go workout later today .	Sure . What time do you want to go ?	Wow, great question!
dull-1112	Hi , George . I'm going to have a job interview next week . Could you give me some advice ?	Sure . First of all , it ’ s very important for you not to be late . Job interviewers usually don ’ t think very highly of a candidate who arrives ten minutes after the appointed time , only to explain that he could not find the place or that there was heavy traffic .	I see.
dull-1113	The boss announces the pay raise today , right ? How much do you think we'll get ?	No idea . Your guess is as good as mine .	That is good.
dull-1114	Do you like ethnic food ?	I do ! My favorites are Mexican , Thai , and Indian .	Really ? Have you ever tried Moroccan ?	I do ! My favorites are Mexican , Thai , and Indian .
dull-1115	Could you please tell me how I can go job-hunting in the web ?	Generally speaking , job seekers can enter the websites either of job agencies or of some units for job advertisements .	How should I contact them ?	Generally speaking , job seekers can enter the websites either of job agencies or of some units for job advertisements .
dull-1116	Hello , Mr . Black , how are you ?	Fine , thank you , and how are you ?	That question does not make sense to me.
dull-1117	So tell me , what's the difference between the Board of Directors , the CEO , and the stockholders ? They all seems ot be the same group of people to me ...	That is a good question.
dull-1118	Hi . Have you got a personal computer ?	Certainly . What's the matter ?	I wonder if you often trade with others on the internet .	Sure . I often buy things or do business through it without going out to the physical stores .	Great ! It's just like viewless stores . But how can you shop or order on line or trade on line ?	That's simple . Just click the hyperlink , www.taobao.com or www . ebay.com , and you can see the specimen of the goods shown on the screen , and then you can place an order online with the sales company . And the goods will be delivered to your place .	Is the service charged ?	No . it's free .	Awesome!
dull-1119	Hello ! This is Ruby speaking from G . O . T . International Travel Agency . What can I do for you ?	I ’ d like to make a reservation for my trip from Detroit to Beijing on April 13 on Trans Pacific Airline .	Do you want a single ticket or a round trip ticket ?	I ’ d like to have a round trip ticket with a one-year open return .	Economy or Business Class ?	Economy , please . How much is it ?	It will be $ 850 .	Very good . Could I get an electronic ticket ? I ’ m always afraid of losing my tickets .	No problem . How do you wish to pay for it ?	Bank of American card . The number is 6786 9182 12300 8657 .	Thank you ! Would you like an aisle seat or a window seat ?	An aisle seat , please . I ’ m tall and need to get up and walk pretty often .	No problem . Your ticket is for Trans Pacific Flight 87 from Detroit to Beijing at 3 forty p . m . on April 13 . You will arrive at Beijing International Airport at six 35 p . m . on April 14 . Your electronic	What time should I arrive at Detroit Airport ?	Please be at the airport two hours before your departure to check in . You also need to reconfirm your reservation with the airline at least 7 days prior to your departure .	What happens if I can ’ t leave on April 13 ? Can I cancel my ticket or change the reservation to another date ?	Please be at the airport two hours before your departure to check in . You also need to reconfirm your reservation with the airline at least 7 days prior to your departure .
dull-1120	What can I get for you today ?	Could I get a hamburger , please ?	I am very happy to hear that.
dull-1121	Do you want some dessert ?	That is a great question.
dull-1122	How did you find your apartment ?	You can check on the bulletin boards at school for local housing .	What if I need a roommate ?	There are websites that can hook you up with a roommate .	How much do apartments cost around here ?	It depends on what you want . Do you want a one - or two-bedroom apartment ?	I just need a one-bedroom apartment .	I am very happy to hear that.
dull-1123	Hello , Nancy , nice to see you .	Nice to see you , too . I heard you are a staff of Nokia company .	Yes , I ’ m satisfied with this job .	Congratulations . What did you do during the interview ?	That is a good question.
dull-1124	Boy , it looks like everyone in your family is here , from young to old .	Easter's a good day for reunions . The family goes to church together .	And after church they come here for lunch ?	Yup , a big potluck buffet . And then-notice there are no children around ?	I am very happy to hear that.
dull-1125	Good morning . what can I do for you ?	I'm looking for some earrings for my wife as a wedding anniversary gift .	You've come to the right store . We've got a beautiful and wide selection of earrings for you to choose from .	I saw a pair of earrings outside your window . Can you show them to me ?	Do you mean the exquisite pearl earrings ?	Let me think what I have to say about that!
dull-1126	What do you think of Frank ?	He is all right . But I think he seems to have no back bone .	Why do you say that ?	He is all right . But I think he seems to have no back bone .
dull-1127	hi , Bob , I am so glad that you came .	of course I'd come . I couldn't think of a better chance to see all my old friends .	yeah . It's hard to believe that it's been ten years since graduation . It feels just yesterday we collected our diplomas .	how time flies . But hey , how are things going with you ?	yeah . It's hard to believe that it's been ten years since graduation . It feels just yesterday we collected our diplomas .
dull-1128	Morning , Peter . Nice suit ! A new one ?	Let me think what I have to say about that!
dull-1129	Diane Grant ? I haven't seen you for ages !	Brian ! How have you been ?	Pretty good . Say , you've really changed !	Oh , well , I've lost some weight . And my hair is longer than before .	Well , you look great ! How are you ?	That is a good question.
dull-1130	Actually I have a passion for Chinese literature .	You do ?	Yeah , those classics from the great writers .	I see.
dull-1131	Over here is our gym . We have all the latest equipment .	But I haven't used exercising equipment before . Can you tell us some more details ?	Certainly . We have here the race apparatus , stationary bike , muscle builder set , chest expander , bar bell , dumb bell and so on .	Working in the gym is a very good way for losing weight . What else do you have ?	Here's the swimming pool . It's open from 10 a . m . to 11 p . m . There are also massage rooms here .	I am very happy to hear that.
dull-1132	We quarreled yesterday , and he picked up and left .	Terrible ! Does he want to divorce ?	We quarreled yesterday , and he picked up and left .
dull-1133	Wow , Amy , look at that number .	What's so great about it ?	Wow , Amy , look at that number .
dull-1134	Did you watch the volleyball match last night ?	I don't have a good answer to that.
dull-1135	Are you going to buy a bicycle ?	I ’ m thinking about it . How much is it ?	¥ 350 .	Oh , dear . It ’ s too expensive . Can you give me a better price ?	Your discount is already included . Normally we charge ¥ 400 , but now we can give you a special price . This is our sale period .	It ’ s still too much . Can ’ t you make it any cheaper than that ?	Sorry , but this is the best price . You can ’ t get it any cheaper than here .	Wow.
dull-1136	How about eating out for a drink with me tonight .	Tonight ? I'm afraid I can't . I've promised Mark to go to the gym . Can we make it tomorrow ?	How about eating out for a drink with me tonight .
dull-1137	Hi Jim . Do you have a minute ?	Sure , what ’ s up ?	Some of us are going to start a soccer team . Would you like to join us ?	I don ’ t know anything about it . Soccer isn ’ t as popular in my country as it is here .	That ’ s all right . We ’ ll teach you .	Is it anything like American football ?	Not very much . It ’ s something like hockey , except that you use a big ball and no stick .	I ’ ll come down and watch you play some day , and see what it ’ s like .	Not very much . It ’ s something like hockey , except that you use a big ball and no stick .
dull-1138	Excuse me , does this bus go to the new bookstore ?	No , you'll have to get off at the bank , and take a No . 50 .	Thank you.How much is the fare to that stop ?	No , you'll have to get off at the bank , and take a No . 50 .
dull-1139	I want a pair of sports shoes , Adidas .	What size do you want ?	Wow, great question!
dull-1140	Hey Stacy . What's going on ?	I'm pretty tired these days .	Why ? You're not working so don't you have a lot of time on your hands ?	I have so much house work to do . I have to take care of the kids , cook , clean , laundry , and the cycle never ends .	How about your husband . Does he help much ?	I have so much house work to do . I have to take care of the kids , cook , clean , laundry , and the cycle never ends .
dull-1141	I can't believe how hot it is .	It's not even noon yet .	I can't believe how hot it is .
dull-1142	Do you want some dessert ?	No , thank you . Check , please .	Wait a moment . I will calculate it for you . Your bill comes to $ 36 .	No , thank you . Check , please .
dull-1143	Have you found a new job yet ?	No , not yet . I ’ m still looking . I ’ Ve been doing some work through a temp-agency though .	What kind of work ?	I ’ m temping at a pharmaceutic company .	What do you do there ?	Mostly office work - filing and so on .	That is good.
dull-1144	You are an early bird , Tom . What do you do in the morning then ?	Exercise . The morning hours are the most precious period within a single day . We should not pass them up easily . Seize the time and do something useful .	So , you choose to spend it on bodybuilding . Where do you exercise ?	Exercise . The morning hours are the most precious period within a single day . We should not pass them up easily . Seize the time and do something useful .
dull-1145	Can I have a look at that digital camera please ?	Yes of course . This is a really good one actually .	That is cool.
dull-1146	I have some great news ! I was able to switch to the night shift !	I knew everything would work out for you !	I have some great news ! I was able to switch to the night shift !
dull-1147	I wonder whether I could possibly borrow your new bicycle now .	Sorry , I'm using it myself.But you can use it this afternoon .	I wonder whether I could possibly borrow your new bicycle now .
dull-1148	Good morning , everyone . Let me introduce myself to you ...	You don't need to introduce yourself , Yang . You're famous .	Well , thank you very much but I thought l'd try and chair the meeting by the rule — at least for a while .	OK , OK !	Now , I'd like to get things under way . The main topic on today's agenda is the development of a U . S . sales strategy for the new EBB . I'd like to hear all of your ideas , Mr . Wall , you seem in top form today . Could you start the ball rolling ?	I don't have a good answer to that.
dull-1149	This Olympic park is so big !	Yes . Now we are in the Olympic stadium , the center of this park .	Splendid ! When is it gonna be finished ?	The whole stadium is to be finished this June .	How many seats are there in the stand ?	That question does not make sense to me.
dull-1150	Do you have any hobbies ?	Yes , I like collecting things .	Oh , that ’ s interesting , and but what kind of things ?	Yes , I like collecting things .
dull-1151	I'd like to apply for a credit card . Can you help me with my application ?	I'd be glad to .	I'm afraid that I don't have a credit history . I just came to this country .	Do you have an account with this bank ?	I'm afraid not .	In that case I highly recommend you apply for a savings and checking account also . That would help with your credit card application .	What is the interest rate on your card ?	The annual charge rate is 9.5 % .	That's very expensive !	Not really . The credit card is a revolving account . You only pay interest on what you owe .	How does the bank bill its customers for credit card charges ?	Not really . The credit card is a revolving account . You only pay interest on what you owe .
dull-1152	How long will you stay in New York ?	Just tor three days . I won't need these luggages.CouId I put them here ?	I don't know what you mean by that.
dull-1153	Good morning . Thank you for the interview .	No problem . Now , do you prefer working with others or flying solo ?	Actually , I enjoy both .	So , what is most important to you in a job ? Do you need job security or professional growth and a chance to advance ?	I need job security .	Would you be able to relocate ?	I am open to relocating .	What are your annual salary requirements ?	That is a good question.
dull-1154	I don ’ t want you to be worried , but our son has some bad habits now . He says painful words everyday .	What words ? Can you tell me ?	He says kick mommy , beat mommy , don ’ t want mommy , very quickly if I do something that he doesn ’ t like . You know , if I wash his face or change his clothes , things like that .	That is cool.
dull-1155	Why not come over to work in my company ?	I don't know what you mean by that.
dull-1156	How did you find your apartment ?	I don't know what you mean by that.
dull-1157	So , Monica , how do you like your new office ?	Well , I love it . The room is spacious and clean with big windows and a lot of sunshine . There are plants along the corridor . Especially , I got my own desk with computer and telephone . Such a great place !	That ’ s very good . I once turn down a job offer just because the office is awful .	Well , I love it . The room is spacious and clean with big windows and a lot of sunshine . There are plants along the corridor . Especially , I got my own desk with computer and telephone . Such a great place !
dull-1158	Bother the flies !	Where do they come from ?	Bother the flies !
dull-1159	Let's program your courses . Since you have had English literature , you should take American literature and American prose and fiction.You transcript indicate that your English background is strong , so I don't think you have any problem with it .	How many credits for each course ?	Wow, great question!
dull-1160	It's located in the suburbs ? Well even though that sounds like a steal , I really want something downtown .	OK . Well the problem is that the apartments in the heart of the city are usually more expensive .	I know , that's my problem . What do you think I should do ?	I don't know what you mean by that.
dull-1161	Did you watch the volleyball match last night ?	Yeah .	Who won ?	China .	What is the score ?	China .
dull-1162	Bother the flies !	Where do they come from ?	I don't know . Something rotten here ?	Nice!
dull-1163	Have you found a new job yet ?	No , not yet . I ’ m still looking . I ’ Ve been doing some work through a temp-agency though .	What kind of work ?	No , not yet . I ’ m still looking . I ’ Ve been doing some work through a temp-agency though .
dull-1164	I have a terrible toothache .	Which tooth is it ?	This one here .	That is good.
dull-1165	Rock music really leaves me cold . What about you ?	I'm crazy about it.It makes me very excited .	Then tell me what's good about it .	I'm crazy about it.It makes me very excited .
dull-1166	May I know where you are going ?	Yes . I want to go to Beijing Hotel .	I'm sorry . You are going in the wrong direction .	Oh no ! What shall I do ?	I'm sorry . You are going in the wrong direction .
dull-1167	hi , Bob , I am so glad that you came .	of course I'd come . I couldn't think of a better chance to see all my old friends .	yeah . It's hard to believe that it's been ten years since graduation . It feels just yesterday we collected our diplomas .	how time flies . But hey , how are things going with you ?	yeah . It's hard to believe that it's been ten years since graduation . It feels just yesterday we collected our diplomas .
dull-1168	He said I have a big nose . I wonder what that means .	You are interested in other people ’ s business , aren ’ t you ?	He said I have a big nose . I wonder what that means .
dull-1169	Is there anything wrong ?	I ’ m worried about my daughter . She can ’ t decide about college .	I am very happy to hear that.
dull-1170	Hey Suzie . Guess what ? I'm having a baby !	That question does not make sense to me.
dull-1171	Do you know Sally ?	Sally . She is a bachelor girl . She is an excellent designer . Many of the company's advertisements are her child trains .	Why is she still single ? She must have a face that would stop clock .	Sally . She is a bachelor girl . She is an excellent designer . Many of the company's advertisements are her child trains .
dull-1172	Henry married Rose only after her father's money , didn't he ?	Yeah . But he soon feel regretted for it .	But he seems to be very happy with Rose .	Yeah . But he soon feel regretted for it .
dull-1173	Shall we share a taxi ?	Where are you heading now ?	That question does not make sense to me.
dull-1174	What do you need today ?	I need to take a few classes .	What kind of classes would you like to take ?	How about a driver's course ?	Okay , you're going to need to make an appointment .	Awesome!
dull-1175	Nice to meet you here.How come you dropped into this company today ?	My boss sent me here to take some business documents back to his office . I didn't know you were working here.What a surprise.How long have you been doing this ?	Two years or so .	That is great.Do you have to work the night shift ?	No , in most cases I don't have to unless there is something urgent to deal with . I work five days a week .	That is good.
dull-1176	Can I help you ?	Yes , I would like to buy a Walkman . Can you tell me about the models you have ?	That question does not make sense to me.
dull-1177	Has Robert ever missed coming to one of our parties ?	Only once or twice at the most .	That is great.
dull-1178	Excuse me . I am looking for a book called Little Women , but I can't find it anywhere .	Let me see . I am sorry we just have sold it out .	Will you have it later ?	I think so . Could I have you name , telephone number ? If we get one , I will call you .	That is very interesting.
dull-1179	Would you come to spend the weekend with us ?	Oh , I ’ m afraid I can ’ t . I ’ Ve had a date already .	That ’ s too bad .	Oh , I ’ m afraid I can ’ t . I ’ Ve had a date already .
dull-1180	Did you hear about the robbery ?	Did I hear about it ? I saw it happen .	Are you serious ?	I don't have a good answer to that.
dull-1181	What did he say ?	He said he would tell us the secret of becoming a successful man .	I am happy for you!
dull-1182	So I'm on the fifth floor ? How come this hotel has no fourth floor .	Four is an unlucky number here , Peter.Four sounds like death in Chinese.Hotels often have no fourth floor .	I see.Oh , I know what I wanted to ask.How much should I tip this guy ?	Four is an unlucky number here , Peter.Four sounds like death in Chinese.Hotels often have no fourth floor .
dull-1183	Excuse me , are you Mrs . Green from England ?	Yes , I am .	I'm pleased to meet you , Mrs . Green . My name is Myra . I work in Beijing Institute of Technology . I came here to meet you .	How do you do ?	How do you do ?	That is a great question.
dull-1184	Were you able to attend Friday night's basketball game ?	I was unable to make it .	You should have been there . It was intense .	Is that right . Who ended up winning ?	Our team was victorious .	I wish I was free that night . I'm kind of mad that I didn't go .	It was a great game .	What was the score at the end of the game ?	Our team won 101-98 .	I like that.
dull-1185	Can I help you ?	Yes , I need some traveler's checks .	I like that.
dull-1186	Where to , ma'am ?	The Grand Hotel .	The Grand Hotel ?	Yes.Do you know where it is ?	That question does not make sense to me.
dull-1187	What kind of gas does this car take ?	I don't know . It's a rental .	I will give you premium unleaded . Alright ?	Sure , why not ?	That is the pump you are in front of .	Is it expensive ?	It is the most expensive .	Well , I don't want it then . Can I move to another pump ?	It is the most expensive .
dull-1188	OK . Come back into the classroom , class .	Does the class start again , Mam ?	Yes , but to the heath , this break has long enough .	Awesome!
dull-1189	Henry married Rose only after her father's money , didn't he ?	That is a great question.
dull-1190	Why didn't you tell me you had a girlfriend ?	Sorry , I thought you knew .	But you should have told me you were in love with her .	Didn't I ?	You know you didn't .	Well , I'm telling you now .	Yes , but you might have told me before .	I didn't think you'd be interested .	You can't be serious.How dare you not tell me you were going to marry her ?	Sorry , I didn't think it mattered .	That is very interesting.
dull-1191	I don ’ t want you to be worried , but our son has some bad habits now . He says painful words everyday .	What words ? Can you tell me ?	That is a great question.
dull-1192	Excuse me , what's the time difference between Tokyo and London ?	8 hours . Tokyo is 8 hours earlier than London .	It's one day more or one day less from Tokyo to London ?	One day more .	It means that we will arrive on the same day .	One day more .
dull-1193	Marketing manage office , can I help you ?	Mr Green , please .	Sorry , he's out .	What time you suspect back them ?	Wow, great question!
dull-1194	How much will my pay be , if you don ’ t mind my asking ?	I don't know what you mean by that.
dull-1195	Can you tell that I ’ m excited ?	What are you excited about ?	I voted today .	Was this your first time ?	I voted today .
dull-1196	Gross ! What are you doing to yourself ?	Chill ! I'm just curling my eyelashes .	It looks like some kind of primitive form of torture .	You're such a wimp ! You're afraid of an eyelash curler .	Well , you might pinch your eyelid ! Or lose an eyeball !	You're such a wimp ! You're afraid of an eyelash curler .
dull-1197	Good evening , Saliva . What's that wonderful aroma from your kitchen ? What are you doing now ?	I am cooking now !	Are you good at cooking ?	I have studied its skills recently at a training school . I plan to run a restaurant , so I have to practise cooking !	It is a good idea . What dish are you cooking now ? !	I am steaming fish in a pressure cooker . Have you ever tried steamed fish ?	Yes , I have . But the taste of steamed fish at that restaurant is not delicious . The fish is not well-done and too salty .	That's the case . I think there is not enough time to steam it and soy sauce is too much .	I have the same idea as yours .	It's OK . Please have a taste of it .	Thank you . Oh , it's very delicious .	Thank you for your praise .	Besides steamed fish , what else are you good at cooking ?	I am good at stewing beef with potato , frying chicken , hot and sour soup etc .	So many dishes . Next Friday week is my birthday . I would like to invite you to cook for my dinner party , OK ?	I am good at stewing beef with potato , frying chicken , hot and sour soup etc .
dull-1198	This is the Bell Captain's Desk . May I help you ?	Yes , I've been waiting for my bags to be sent up for the last half hour . Where are they ?	I'm very sorry to hear that . May I have your name and room number , please ?	Nice!
dull-1199	Hi , Alice , what are you doing this sunday ?	Nothing really , why , what ' s up ?	If you are free , maybe you would like to go to a small party and having for my birthday party . It will be fun , you will get to know lots of people .	Sounds great , I'd very much like to accept your invitation , thanks , when ?	Around six pm .	Do you need help setting up or anything ? I don't mind . I like to do that kind of thing . It's fun and I have a good eye for decorating .	Around six pm .
dull-1200	I'm a little nervous .	Don't worry . You'll be fine . First of all , put on your seat belt . Adjust the mirrors .	You don't think I'll need the seat belt , do you ?	Of course not . But it's a good habit to put it on every time you drive .	Nice!
dull-1201	Look , here is a very special business card from an illustrator . Every time I go through my book of business cards , I will notice it . It is an eye-catching one .	Wow , fantastic . I like the font and color for his name . It is creative yet personal .	Look , here is a very special business card from an illustrator . Every time I go through my book of business cards , I will notice it . It is an eye-catching one .
dull-1202	How can we develop a new brand image with no direction whatsoever ?	With the fifty forwards he sent out today , maybe we'll inadvertently get inspired .	I guess this is a good excuse to surf the Net on someone else's dime .	Who'd have thought Bean would be this kind of e-mail fanatic ?	I guess this is a good excuse to surf the Net on someone else's dime .
dull-1203	So I'm on the fifth floor ? How come this hotel has no fourth floor .	Four is an unlucky number here , Peter.Four sounds like death in Chinese.Hotels often have no fourth floor .	I see.
dull-1204	I'd like to speak Dr.Johnson .	Sorry , but he's not in . May I take a message for you ?	That question does not make sense to me.
dull-1205	Peter , how often do you exercise ?	Well , I swim and run every day .	Now , tell me , what do you eat ?	Well , I don't eat any meat , but I do eat fish and eggs .	Do you eat a lot of vegetables ?	I don't have a good answer to that.
dull-1206	what did you do last night ?	I just stayed at home and watched TV .	did you watch the Barcelona versus Madrid game ?	yes , it was a very evenly matched game .	what were the results of the game ?	it ended in a tie .	what was the actual score ?	it was three all .	really ? I thought Barcelona was going to win . They are a much better team than Madrid .	if Barcelona had played as they normally do , they should have won .	what happened ?	their goalkeepers got injured after the first goal , but he kept on playing anyway .	that explains it .	how many more games are left this season ?	That is a good question.
dull-1207	Honey , the house is such a mess ! I need you to help me tidy up a bit . My boss and her husband are coming over for dinner and the house needs to be spotless !	I ’ m in the middle of something right now . I ’ ll be there in a second .	This can ’ t wait ! I need your help now !	Alright , alright . I ’ m coming .	Ok , here ’ s a list of chores we need to get done . I'll do the dishes and get all the groceries for tonight . You can sweep and mop the floors . Oh , and the furniture needs to be dusted .	You know what , I have to pick something up at the mall , so why don ’ t you clean the floors and I'll go to the supermarket and get all the groceries .	Sure that ’ s fine . Here is the list of all the things you need to get . Don't forget anything ! And can you pick up a bottle of wine on your way home ?	Hey , honey I ’ m back . Wow , the house looks really good !	Great ! Can you set the table ?	Hey , honey I ’ m back . Wow , the house looks really good !
dull-1208	How's Jimmy today ?	Better , thank you , doctor .	Can I see him please , Mrs Williams ?	Better , thank you , doctor .
dull-1209	are you a blogger ?	sure I am . I've been writing a blog for almost three years .	oh , it seems that I'm the only one who never blogs . When did you get started ?	I began blogging when I first went to the US for my graduate strides .	what do you usually write about ?	at first , I'll write about my life there . Like interesting things on the campus , travel stories , special English words that I come across . Sometimes , I'll post my pictures on my blog so my family an	that's interesting . How often do you write a blog ?	That is a great question.
dull-1210	How about eating out for a drink with me tonight .	Tonight ? I'm afraid I can't . I've promised Mark to go to the gym . Can we make it tomorrow ?	How about eating out for a drink with me tonight .
dull-1211	What happened , John ?	Nothing .	Why do you look unhappy ?	I ’ m rather disappointed at not being able to see my best friend off .	Oh , cheer up . He ’ ll understand you .	I ’ m rather disappointed at not being able to see my best friend off .
dull-1212	Good afternoon . Can I be of service ?	I don't know . Can I purchase Treasury Certificates here at this counter ?	Yes , of course . We have Treasury Notes with two , three and five-year terms available .	Two years is fine , with a value of 1,000 RIB .	OK , could I take a look at some ID please , like a passport ?	Two years is fine , with a value of 1,000 RIB .
dull-1213	Ms . Montgomery ? This is Richard Thomas . I ’ m sorry to bother you at home , but I ’ Ve got a bit of a problem .	Oh ? What ’ s wrong ?	That is great.
dull-1214	What courses did you take in college ?	I took a lot of courses , such as Philosophy , Logic , Ethics , Aesthetics , etc .	I love that.
dull-1215	Joe , how are you doing ?	I am great ! How about you , Mary ? How are you ?	I am doing great ! Thank you for asking , Joe .	I was wondering if you want to go see a movie with me tonight ?	I am doing great ! Thank you for asking , Joe .
dull-1216	I'd like to invite you to dinner tonight , do you think have time ?	Thank you for your inition . I'm free tonight .	Which kind of food do you like , chinese food , western food or sea food ?	Thank you for your inition . I'm free tonight .
dull-1217	Shall we share a taxi ?	Where are you heading now ?	I want to go back to my college on the Huanghe road.It is very close to your house .	Wow.
dull-1218	Excuse me . can you tell me where Main Street is ?	Wow, great question!
dull-1219	Can I help you ?	That question does not make sense to me.
dull-1220	Good evening , Saliva . What's that wonderful aroma from your kitchen ? What are you doing now ?	I am cooking now !	Are you good at cooking ?	I have studied its skills recently at a training school . I plan to run a restaurant , so I have to practise cooking !	It is a good idea . What dish are you cooking now ? !	I am steaming fish in a pressure cooker . Have you ever tried steamed fish ?	Yes , I have . But the taste of steamed fish at that restaurant is not delicious . The fish is not well-done and too salty .	That's the case . I think there is not enough time to steam it and soy sauce is too much .	I have the same idea as yours .	It's OK . Please have a taste of it .	Thank you . Oh , it's very delicious .	Thank you for your praise .	Besides steamed fish , what else are you good at cooking ?	I am good at stewing beef with potato , frying chicken , hot and sour soup etc .	So many dishes . Next Friday week is my birthday . I would like to invite you to cook for my dinner party , OK ?	Why not ? It is a good opportunity for me to practise cooking .	That is a great question.
dull-1221	Reservation , can I help you ?	Yes , I would like to reserve a room for next Monday .	I love that.
dull-1222	Good morning . Thank you for the interview .	No problem . Now , do you prefer working with others or flying solo ?	Actually , I enjoy both .	So , what is most important to you in a job ? Do you need job security or professional growth and a chance to advance ?	I need job security .	Would you be able to relocate ?	I am open to relocating .	What are your annual salary requirements ?	I am open to relocating .
dull-1223	Excuse me , Sir , do you know what time it is ?	Oh , it ’ s almost eleven twenty .	Thank you .	You ’ re welcome . The rain is quite heavy , isn ’ t it ?	Thank you .
dull-1224	are you a blogger ?	sure I am . I've been writing a blog for almost three years .	Nice!
dull-1225	Hi , George . I'm going to have a job interview next week . Could you give me some advice ?	Sure . First of all , it ’ s very important for you not to be late . Job interviewers usually don ’ t think very highly of a candidate who arrives ten minutes after the appointed time , only to explain that he could not find the place or that there was heavy traffic .	Yeah , that's very important .	So you ’ d better explore the place the day before and at the same time , look around to see what the employees are wearing . So the next day you will arrive early for the appointment .	I ’ ll try my best to make a good impression on the interviewer .	That ’ s right . You need to create a good image in a limited time , usually about 30 to 45 minutes .	It ’ s always easier to say something than to do it .	It ’ s not too difficult to make a good impression . For example , you should take care to appear well-groomed and modestly dressed . Avoid the extremes of a too elaborate or too casual style . This will put you on the same level as other applicants and make the interviewer consider more important qualifications .	But I love wearing T-shirts and jeans .	I advise you not to wear a too casual style when going to an interview . Informal clothes as well as torn jeans and dirty shoes convey the impression that you are not serious about the job , or that you may be casual about your work as you are about your clothes .	It ’ s a pity that I cannot afford more expensive clothes .	You misunderstood me . Clothes which are too colorful or too expensive suggest that you do not understand what behavior is appropriate for the job , or that you are snobbish or frivolous .	I know what you mean . I ought to wear right clothes at the right time .	You misunderstood me . Clothes which are too colorful or too expensive suggest that you do not understand what behavior is appropriate for the job , or that you are snobbish or frivolous .
dull-1226	You know that ? Joan has got the scholarship .	Really ?	Nice!
dull-1227	You are an outgoing person , quite easy to talk with .	Yes , my friends like to get along with me well .	Do you have many friends ?	Yes , I like to make new friends .	What do you usually do with them ?	Yes , I like to make new friends .
dull-1228	Have you got any better ?	That's the best there is .	Okay , I'll take one .	That's the best there is .
dull-1229	excuse me , could you tell me which line I ’ m supposed to stand in to buy bubble wrap and to post a package ?	you can buy the bubble wrap here , but you ’ ll have to stand in line over here to post your passage .	that ’ s a really long line . How long do you think it ’ ll take to get through all those people ?	you can buy the bubble wrap here , but you ’ ll have to stand in line over here to post your passage .
dull-1230	Boy , it looks like everyone in your family is here , from young to old .	Easter's a good day for reunions . The family goes to church together .	And after church they come here for lunch ?	I don't have a good answer to that.
dull-1231	Why are you so quiet ?	My girlfriend just broke up with me .	You must feel terrible now .	Yeah .	I remember my first break up . It was the worst feeling in the world . I was crying everyday for three months . And slowly , it got better . I know you'll feel better too .	You've been through this too ?	Yeah . I remember it very clearly . The pain makes it easy to remember . I know you're really hurting right now , but you know many people experience break ups .	But it hurts too much .	I know it's painful , but it's only temporary . After the pain goes away , you'll find other girls .	What if I don't want to find another girl ?	I know it's painful , but it's only temporary . After the pain goes away , you'll find other girls .
dull-1232	I'd like to apply for a credit card . Can you help me with my application ?	I'd be glad to .	I'm afraid that I don't have a credit history . I just came to this country .	Do you have an account with this bank ?	I'm afraid not .	In that case I highly recommend you apply for a savings and checking account also . That would help with your credit card application .	What is the interest rate on your card ?	The annual charge rate is 9.5 % .	That's very expensive !	Not really . The credit card is a revolving account . You only pay interest on what you owe .	That's very expensive !
dull-1233	Good morning . Thank you for the interview .	No problem . Now , do you prefer working with others or flying solo ?	Actually , I enjoy both .	So , what is most important to you in a job ? Do you need job security or professional growth and a chance to advance ?	I need job security .	Would you be able to relocate ?	I need job security .
dull-1234	Hello . Can you tell me what the procedures of applying for a job are ?	Yes , of course . There are many steps . You can apply for the job on the Internet and then send your resume to the e-mail address of the company . And wail the feedback of the company .	What is the qualification needed by the position ?	Yes , of course . There are many steps . You can apply for the job on the Internet and then send your resume to the e-mail address of the company . And wail the feedback of the company .
dull-1235	What do you think I should do , doctor ?	Why don't you try Chinese herbal medicine ?	Is it useful for me ?	You have to try at least .	OK . Thanks a lot .	You have to try at least .
dull-1236	Peter , how often do you exercise ?	Well , I swim and run every day .	Now , tell me , what do you eat ?	Well , I don't eat any meat , but I do eat fish and eggs .	Do you eat a lot of vegetables ?	Oh yes , and fruit , I love fruit .	What do you drink ?	Oh yes , and fruit , I love fruit .
dull-1237	I'm hungry .	So am I .	I'm hungry .
dull-1238	That's all the general information of our company . I think you already have good knowledge about our company .	Yes , I have an overall understanding .	When we have the final results , we will call you .	Then when will I get a reply at the latest ?	If you pass the interview , the personnel department will inform you within two weeks .	But if I don't pass , will you call me ?	If you pass the interview , the personnel department will inform you within two weeks .
dull-1239	Hey , did you hear about Jessica's party this weekend ?	Yeah , but I'm still waiting for my invitation .	I am happy for you!
dull-1240	Excuse me . I have an appointment with Mr . Li at nine . May I come in ?	Yes , come in please . I am Mr . Li . You must be My Liu , right ?	Yes , I am My Liu . Thanks .	I'd like to start this interview with some questions . Why do you think you are qualified for this position ?	According to your advertisement , you want an experienced software engineer . I think my background meets the requirement of this position .	Then tell me something about your background .	My major was computer science when I was at college , and I am quite familiar with Visual C + + and Java language .	Well , what do you think about the development in computers ?	The developments in software are going ahead very quickly and more and more problems are resolved by software . In some regions , the hardware is completely replaced by software . So I think the software industry has a great future .	Have you ever designed any programs concerning network ?	The developments in software are going ahead very quickly and more and more problems are resolved by software . In some regions , the hardware is completely replaced by software . So I think the software industry has a great future .
dull-1241	Excuse me . I am looking for a book called Little Women , but I can't find it anywhere .	Let me see . I am sorry we just have sold it out .	Will you have it later ?	Wow, great question!
dull-1242	Are you ready to go shopping ?	That is a good question.
dull-1243	Tom , is Jenny crying ?	Can you take he away from me ?	I ’ m just coming for that .	Wow.
dull-1244	What game do you like ?	I like board games . I like chinese chess and draughts .	I ’ Ve never played Chinese chess before , but I ’ Ve seen old men playing it in the street . It looks complicated .	It ’ s about as complicated as chess . The basic rule and moves are simple enough , but there are many strategies that players need to learn .	I like playing cards . I ’ m pretty good at poker . Do you play cards ?	I ’ m terrible at cards and so I never play games which involve gambling , like poker . If I did , I ’ d lose all my money .	Do you play bridge ?	Yes , I do . It ’ s hard to find four players though , so I don ’ t play very often . Do you know anyone who plays ? If so , we could set up a game .	I can play quite well . I have a friend who likes playing , but she ’ s not very good at it . Shall I invite her to play ?	Let me think what I have to say about that!
dull-1245	what's wrong , Jerry ? You look so upset .	to be honest , I was just dumped .	oh , I'm sorry to hear that . You can go on a holiday to cheer you up .	no , thanks . I'm not in the mood for traveling .	come on . A trip will do you good . Are you doing anything this weekend ?	I was planning on doing a lot of wallowing .	well , my friends and I are planning on going to Shangri-La on Saturday . Do you want to come with us ?	I don't have a good answer to that.
dull-1246	Hi , I'm George . I'll be your waiter this evening . Are you ready to order or do you need a few more minutes ?	I'm ready now . I'd like the roast chicken and a side order of corn .	And would you like an appetizer before your meal ? The soup of the day is our delicious tomato soup .	I'll pass on the soup , but I'd like a garden salad .	Can I get you anything to drink ? :	I'll pass on the soup , but I'd like a garden salad .
dull-1247	Hey Jimmy . Let's go workout later today .	Sure . What time do you want to go ?	How about at 3:30 ?	I don't have a good answer to that.
dull-1248	Hello , Nancy , nice to see you .	Nice to see you , too . I heard you are a staff of Nokia company .	Yes , I ’ m satisfied with this job .	Congratulations . What did you do during the interview ?	Wow, great question!
dull-1249	Let's program your courses . Since you have had English literature , you should take American literature and American prose and fiction.You transcript indicate that your English background is strong , so I don't think you have any problem with it .	How many credits for each course ?	Let's program your courses . Since you have had English literature , you should take American literature and American prose and fiction.You transcript indicate that your English background is strong , so I don't think you have any problem with it .
dull-1250	Bob !	Anne ! I haven't seen you for ages.How ' Ve you been ?	Fine , just fine.And you ?	That is a great question.
dull-1251	Who are those guys ?	Wow, great question!
dull-1252	What do you think of Frank ?	Let me think what I have to say about that!
dull-1253	Let's program your courses . Since you have had English literature , you should take American literature and American prose and fiction.You transcript indicate that your English background is strong , so I don't think you have any problem with it .	How many credits for each course ?	Let's program your courses . Since you have had English literature , you should take American literature and American prose and fiction.You transcript indicate that your English background is strong , so I don't think you have any problem with it .
dull-1254	Unfortunately , according to our regulations I have to confiscate these counterfeit notes .	So , this 500 RIB is worthless ?	I'm sorry but it is our regulation , so I must follow it . We will issue you with a receipt to show that the notes you presented us with are counterfeit and have been confiscated . Then , if you wish to pay in some more cash , you are free to do so .	Right , I see . Let me give you another 500 RIB .	Here's your Passbook back and the receipt to say we confiscated the 500 RIB worth of counterfeit notes .	Right , I see . Let me give you another 500 RIB .
dull-1255	Will you be voting ?	I can ’ t wait to vote .	Who are you voting for ?	The person I ’ m voting for is the best .	What do you like about him ?	The person I ’ m voting for is the best .
dull-1256	Jeff , look at this listing ! It says there is a cozy studio apartment for rent , and it's only $ 700 per month . What do you think ?	Well I think I can afford that apartment . But are pets allowed ?	I don't know what you mean by that.
dull-1257	Abby Park Hotel . Can I help you ?	Yes , I would like to book a room for my wife and myself .	Certainly sir . Could I have your arrival and departure dates ?	We will be arriving on Tuesday next week and staying for two days .	We have a double room for you with a nice view of the park . Would that be OK ?	Yes , that would be great . How much is the room ?	It is ninety-five pounds per night . It is a double room with a bathroom . There is a fridge , coffee maker and a television in the room .	Does the bathroom have a bath or a shower ?	It is ninety-five pounds per night . It is a double room with a bathroom . There is a fridge , coffee maker and a television in the room .
dull-1258	Man , I'm hungry . Do you know a good place to have lunch ?	Yes , I know a great place . What types of food do you like ?	Mexican , Japanese or Chinese would be great .	Oh , I know a place where you might like to eat .	Is it close by ?	It's down a block on the right ; can I show you the way ?	OK , I'd love the company .	I am very happy to hear that.
dull-1259	Can we have a table for three , please ?	That question does not make sense to me.
dull-1260	What were you and Richard talking about earlier ? It looked intense .	Yeah , Richard said something to me that I didn't appreciate .	Oh , no . I know how insensitive he can be . What has he done now ?	He asked me how long it took me to learn English .	But , you were born and raised in California !	Yeah , but I get that sometimes . It doesn't matter how many generations my family has lived in the U . S . , we'll always be foreigners in their eyes .	What a racist ! How can you stand working with the guy ?	You know , Richard isn't such a bad guy . He made the comment out of ignorance , not malice .	So , what did you say when he asked you how long it took you to learn English ?	I told him 28 years . And , he knows I'm 28 years old since I just celebrated my birthday last week . He was puzzled for a minute , and then he got it .	Are you sure he really got the message ?	Yeah , I'm pretty sure since I then asked him how long it took him to learn English .	That's hilarious ! What did he say ?	He said , ' 36 years , ' and we both laughed about it . He apologized and now , it's all good .	I love that.
dull-1261	May I take your order ?	Yes . I'd like a cup of onion soup .	I see.
dull-1262	What happened , John ?	Nothing .	Why do you look unhappy ?	Wow, great question!
dull-1263	Could you do me a favor and proofread my resume before I send it out to the human resources department ?	Sure , let me take a look ... Personal Information , Education , Experience , Training ... I think you should add another section for language . You speak three languages , so you might as well put that on your resume .	But languages don't have anything to do with engineering . Shouldn't everything I put on my resume have something to do with my field ?	Sure , let me take a look ... Personal Information , Education , Experience , Training ... I think you should add another section for language . You speak three languages , so you might as well put that on your resume .
dull-1264	Hey , did you hear about Jessica's party this weekend ?	Yeah , but I'm still waiting for my invitation .	Oh really ? She gave me mine earlier today .	Well , she'll probably just give me my invitation later on today .	Yeah , so are you planning on going ?	Well , she'll probably just give me my invitation later on today .
dull-1265	I'm hungry .	So am I .	Where should we go eat today ?	How about we go eat in the cafeteria ?	I never bought food from the cafeteria .	You haven't ? They have a lot of good stuff .	What do they have ?	That is a good question.
dull-1266	Why'd you pull me over ?	Are you aware that you drove through a red light ?	I ran a red light ?	Yes , you did .	I apologize , but I didn't realize that I did .	Yes , you did .
dull-1267	Are you going to vote ?	Of course ! Are you ?	I plan to , but what day is the election ?	Let me think what I have to say about that!
dull-1268	Good morning . Thank you for the interview .	No problem . Now , do you prefer working with others or flying solo ?	Actually , I enjoy both .	So , what is most important to you in a job ? Do you need job security or professional growth and a chance to advance ?	I need job security .	Would you be able to relocate ?	I am open to relocating .	I am happy for you!
dull-1269	I was just watching a documentary on TV about how people use dogs for various purpose . It was very interesting .	I love dogs . They have been used as guards for centuries . Nowadays , they are often used to find illegal drugs and bombs by the police and customs officers .	The documentary also pointed out that they are used by shepherds to round up sheep and by rescue workers to find people trapped under rubble or snow .	Horses are useful to people too . We use them for sports and recreation .	Don ’ t forget that horses are still used in many countries to pull ploughs and carts .	Can you ride a horse ?	Yes , I can . I don ’ t ride regularly though . How about you ?	I can ride too . Perhaps we could go horse riding together at the weekend ?	Awesome!
dull-1270	What happened , John ?	Nothing .	Why do you look unhappy ?	Nothing .
dull-1271	Hello ?	Hi , Mr . Smith . This is Mary . Is Jenny there ?	No , I ’ m afraid not , Mary . May I take a message for her ?	That is a good question.
dull-1272	How was the movie last night ?	I don't have a good answer to that.
dull-1273	May I help you ?	Give me a Big Mac , a small order of French fries and a medium Coke .	You'll need to wait a few minutes for the fries . They are still in the fryer .	That's fine .	Your total comes to $ 7 .	Here's a twenty . Could you give me some more napkins ?	I don't know what you mean by that.
dull-1274	Are there any beds vacant ?	Yes , what kind of room do you want ?	I prefer one facing the sea . Besides , it should have a shower .	Sorry , right now we can only have you a room without shower .	I prefer one facing the sea . Besides , it should have a shower .
dull-1275	So , Monica , how do you like your new office ?	Well , I love it . The room is spacious and clean with big windows and a lot of sunshine . There are plants along the corridor . Especially , I got my own desk with computer and telephone . Such a great place !	That ’ s very good . I once turn down a job offer just because the office is awful .	What was so bad about it ?	Small rooms , small window , a small desk shared by three people . I would have been interrupted all the time and for sure not be able to deliver good work .	Wow.
dull-1276	Reservation , can I help you ?	I don't know what you mean by that.
dull-1277	Good afternoon . I'd like to speak with Tom Smith .	I'm afraid he's away from his desk at the moment .	Do you know when he will be back ?	He's away on a business trip . He won't be back until some time next week .	Is there some way I can get into contact with him ?	The best way to reach him is by cell phone . I'll give you his number .	Thanks . And could I have his e-mail , just in case I can't get him by phone ?	Sure . His cell phone is 09112223 33 . And his e-mail is lower case t , smith--that's one word , at , c , c , w , dot , com , dot , t , w .	Awesome!
dull-1278	When was America discovered , Tony ?	I'm not certain . Do you know ?	America was discovered by Christopher Columbus in 1492 .	In a way that's right . But the Vikings travelled there long beforeColumbus . And what about the Red Indians ?	All right . Ask me a question now .	Who invented the electric light bulb ?	That's easy . It was invented by Edison .	I am happy for you!
dull-1279	I'm very sorry , sir . My car has broken down .	Sorry to hear that . Can we do anything about it ?	I'm afraid not .	Nice!
dull-1280	May I help you ?	Yes . Do you exchange foreign money here ?	Yes . Our bank is authorized to deal with foreign exchange .	That is very interesting.
dull-1281	Did you watch the volleyball match last night ?	That is a great question.
dull-1282	Good morning . Thank you for the interview .	No problem . Now , do you prefer working with others or flying solo ?	Actually , I enjoy both .	So , what is most important to you in a job ? Do you need job security or professional growth and a chance to advance ?	I need job security .	Would you be able to relocate ?	I am open to relocating .	What are your annual salary requirements ?	I need at least 75,000 per year .	That is amazing.
dull-1283	Hey , Tom , did you enjoy your lunch ?	Oh , don't mention it . It was terrible .	What ' the matter ?	The food station was as crowded as usual . I waited for 20 minutes for my sandwich , and when I finally got it the chicken was underdone .	I see . You simply can't blame the server for this .	Yes , I know . Fast food is so popular in this district .	That's true .	Anyway , how was your such , Catherine ?	It was good . I brought lunch from home today .	You did ? I thought you must feel right at home here as we get as many fast food restaurants as you do in America .	Well , I personally don't like them because I don't believe that they are healthy .	I guess you're right . More often than not , people go there only for convenience . The foods may taste good , but generally speaking , they are high in calories , salt and fat .	Yes . I am wondering that you must believe fast food is our lifestyle , don't you ?	You bet . Almost all top brands such as McDonald's and KFC are from America .	Nice!
dull-1284	What do you think I should do , doctor ?	Why don't you try Chinese herbal medicine ?	Is it useful for me ?	I don't know what you mean by that.
dull-1285	How did you find your apartment ?	You can check on the bulletin boards at school for local housing .	What if I need a roommate ?	That is a good question.
dull-1286	I ran it against that fence pole as I crashed . What do you think ? Damn , it hurts !	We'll have to get you to a hospital . I can ride you on the back of my bike .	I'm lucky I wasn't killed . I must have been going around forty-five miles an hour.There was too much gravel on that corner . I slid out .	Yes , I almost slid too.Alright . This tourniquet is tight . How does it feel ?	Make it tighter . I want the blood stopped.Then wrap some bandages around the cut . Then we can go . Ouch ! I hope I can walk .	Alright , I'm twisting it around . You tell me when to stop .	Make it tighter . I want the blood stopped.Then wrap some bandages around the cut . Then we can go . Ouch ! I hope I can walk .
dull-1287	are you a blogger ?	sure I am . I've been writing a blog for almost three years .	oh , it seems that I'm the only one who never blogs . When did you get started ?	I began blogging when I first went to the US for my graduate strides .	what do you usually write about ?	at first , I'll write about my life there . Like interesting things on the campus , travel stories , special English words that I come across . Sometimes , I'll post my pictures on my blog so my family an	I love that.
dull-1288	Why are you so quiet ?	My girlfriend just broke up with me .	You must feel terrible now .	Yeah .	I remember my first break up . It was the worst feeling in the world . I was crying everyday for three months . And slowly , it got better . I know you'll feel better too .	You've been through this too ?	Yeah . I remember it very clearly . The pain makes it easy to remember . I know you're really hurting right now , but you know many people experience break ups .	That is great.
dull-1289	Actually I have a passion for Chinese literature .	You do ?	Actually I have a passion for Chinese literature .
dull-1290	Honey , the house is such a mess ! I need you to help me tidy up a bit . My boss and her husband are coming over for dinner and the house needs to be spotless !	I ’ m in the middle of something right now . I ’ ll be there in a second .	This can ’ t wait ! I need your help now !	Alright , alright . I ’ m coming .	Ok , here ’ s a list of chores we need to get done . I'll do the dishes and get all the groceries for tonight . You can sweep and mop the floors . Oh , and the furniture needs to be dusted .	You know what , I have to pick something up at the mall , so why don ’ t you clean the floors and I'll go to the supermarket and get all the groceries .	Sure that ’ s fine . Here is the list of all the things you need to get . Don't forget anything ! And can you pick up a bottle of wine on your way home ?	Hey , honey I ’ m back . Wow , the house looks really good !	Great ! Can you set the table ?	Just a sec I ’ m just gonna vacuum this rug real fast	That is great.
dull-1291	So I'm on the fifth floor ? How come this hotel has no fourth floor .	Four is an unlucky number here , Peter.Four sounds like death in Chinese.Hotels often have no fourth floor .	I see.Oh , I know what I wanted to ask.How much should I tip this guy ?	Four is an unlucky number here , Peter.Four sounds like death in Chinese.Hotels often have no fourth floor .
dull-1292	What kind of permanent would you like to have ?	That is a good question.
dull-1293	It's located in the suburbs ? Well even though that sounds like a steal , I really want something downtown .	OK . Well the problem is that the apartments in the heart of the city are usually more expensive .	I know , that's my problem . What do you think I should do ?	OK . Well the problem is that the apartments in the heart of the city are usually more expensive .
dull-1294	What dressing would you like on the salad ?	French dressing , please .	I love that.
dull-1295	Can you direct me to Holiday inn ?	Cross the street and walk two blocks west.You can't miss it .	That is cool.
dull-1296	We quarreled yesterday , and he picked up and left .	Terrible ! Does he want to divorce ?	Wow, great question!
dull-1297	Excuse me , can you tell me the name of the book you read ?	Harry Potter .	Harry Potter ? Is that book funny ?	Actually , the language itself is not so funny , but you can imagine the scene , that's funny .	Got it .	Have you ever read this book before ?	No , but my little brother likes it very much .	It's really a good book . You will like it too .	I'll try to read it . Actually , I like literature very much .	Wow , that sounds like a scholar . By the way , who's your favorite writer ?	Jane Austen .	I am happy for you!
dull-1298	Hi , Sam . I want to buy a pet . Do you have any ideas ?	You really should go to Rachel's pet store .	Why ? anything special there ?	It's more than special . You can find as many kinds of animals as you can put a name to and more .	Oh , really ? are there any snakes ?	Snakes ? there are even rodents and monkeys ! it's a world of exotic pets .	That's terrific . I can't wait to check it out .	Hang on . are you sure you want to keep a non-traditional pet ?	Why not ? it's so cool .	But it will pose a risk to your health .	Pardon ?	I mean , most reptiles carry some harmful bacteria , they are likely to cause immune system problems .	Well , I didn't realize that .	I don't believe it's a good choice to keep those pets , especially for families with young children .	Well , I didn't realize that .
dull-1299	What seems to be the trouble , Mr . Brown ?	That is a good question.
dull-1300	What were you and Richard talking about earlier ? It looked intense .	Yeah , Richard said something to me that I didn't appreciate .	Oh , no . I know how insensitive he can be . What has he done now ?	Yeah , Richard said something to me that I didn't appreciate .
dull-1301	Hey , Tom , did you enjoy your lunch ?	Oh , don't mention it . It was terrible .	What ' the matter ?	The food station was as crowded as usual . I waited for 20 minutes for my sandwich , and when I finally got it the chicken was underdone .	I see . You simply can't blame the server for this .	Yes , I know . Fast food is so popular in this district .	That's true .	Anyway , how was your such , Catherine ?	It was good . I brought lunch from home today .	You did ? I thought you must feel right at home here as we get as many fast food restaurants as you do in America .	Well , I personally don't like them because I don't believe that they are healthy .	That is good.
dull-1302	I'd like to order breakfast , please .	What'd you like , madam ?	Two muffins and a cup of coffee.Will it take long ?	Awesome!
dull-1303	Would you come to spend the weekend with us ?	Let me think what I have to say about that!
dull-1304	Hello , Sir . So , you are back ?	Yes , hello again . I would like to know the exact difference between Dividend Deposit and Dividend Participated Deposit .	That's pretty easy to explain . With the Deposit , the interest is fixed , but the Dividend of each policy will be transferred automatically into your bank account by the end of each year . The longer the term , the higher the Dividend you earn . This is because it is calculated at the Compound Interest Rate .	Yes , hello again . I would like to know the exact difference between Dividend Deposit and Dividend Participated Deposit .
dull-1305	I'm very sorry , sir . My car has broken down .	Sorry to hear that . Can we do anything about it ?	That is a good question.
dull-1306	It's especially cold when the wind is blowing .	Why don't you wear a scarf ?	What can wearing one do for me ?	You're cold because the wind is blowing into your open collar . It's not because your jacket isn't thick enough .	So wearing a scarf helps your body to stay warm inside your jacket .	Yes . That's the secret to wearing a thin jacket .	You know , sometimes I can't feel my ears and fingers .	I'll lend you my gloves and earmuffs until you get your own .	You know , sometimes I can't feel my ears and fingers .
dull-1307	It's especially cold when the wind is blowing .	Why don't you wear a scarf ?	What can wearing one do for me ?	You're cold because the wind is blowing into your open collar . It's not because your jacket isn't thick enough .	I see.
dull-1308	How long will you stay in New York ?	Just tor three days . I won't need these luggages.CouId I put them here ?	I am very happy to hear that.
dull-1309	Hi , I made a reservation for a mid-size vehicle . The name is Jimmy Fox .	I ’ m sorry , we have no mid-size available at the moment .	I don ’ t understand , I made a reservation , do you have my reservation ?	Wow, great question!
dull-1310	Everything is now . I'm kind of sick of it .	Each ring has 3 small diamonds inside the band .	Oooh ! One for each of the zeros in 2000 ! Wow !	Stop making fun of me .	So find a guy to marry and you can get one !	I don't need a guy to buy a wedding ring !	So find a guy to marry and you can get one !
dull-1311	You have a lovely house , Jack .	Thank you . But a number of things have been going wrong lately .	That's too bad . What problems are you having .	Oh , the whole house needs re-painting for starters . The carpet in the living room is worn out , and I'd like to put in new wall-to-wall carpeting . Last week , I had to call the plumber to fix the toilet . Anyway , all par for the course when you own a house , I guess . I think I am going to hire an interior decorator to look the place over .	I've studied home decoration as a hobby . Could I make some suggestions ?	Go right ahead .	I love that.
dull-1312	You are an outgoing person , quite easy to talk with .	Yes , my friends like to get along with me well .	Do you have many friends ?	Yes , I like to make new friends .	I like that.
dull-1313	This is the best dinner I've ever had .	How about the soup ?	This is the best dinner I've ever had .
dull-1314	Jeff , look at this listing ! It says there is a cozy studio apartment for rent , and it's only $ 700 per month . What do you think ?	I don't have a good answer to that.
dull-1315	What dressing would you like on the salad ?	French dressing , please .	I beg your pardon ?	Oh , French dressing .	Sorry , it's not available now.Anything else ?	Oh , French dressing .
dull-1316	I hear you are expecting your family .	Yes , my parents , and soon my brother as well .	I didn't know you had a brother .	Oh , yes , he is two years older than me . He lives in New Zealand so I don't see him that often .	Oh , nice . Is he coming on his own or with the family ?	His son is coming as well . He wants to go to university here in England so they will visit a few universities while they are here .	That is amazing.
dull-1317	Good morning . Can I help you ?	That is a good question.
dull-1318	Do you have a free moment ?	Sure . What do you need ?	I'm having some trouble . How do you use this printer ?	Well , first you have to turn this switch on .	Silly me .	Now press this button .	Oh , and it's out of paper . Do you have any more ?	Now press this button .
dull-1319	how are you doing today ?	i am good . this is great , i love making new friends !	how are you doing today ?	i am good . this is great , i love making new friends !	I love that.
dull-1320	hi , how are you tonight ?	doing pretty good . spent most the night at church . you ?	hi , how are you tonight ?	doing pretty good . spent most the night at church . you ?	i was home knitting things for kids in the hospital	well that is just too sweet . how did you get involved in that ?	i was home knitting things for kids in the hospital
dull-1321	hello hope you having a good day ? will you chat with me awhile ?	of course ! do you like watching movies ?	hello hope you having a good day ? will you chat with me awhile ?	of course ! do you like watching movies ?	i like watching movies about the civil war . i have many civil war relics	that is cool . are you married ?	i have had four wives . three of them have passed away . i am married for now	That is cool.
dull-1322	i just got done working in my garden , have you been busy today ?	yeah a little i just had a manicure . i like gardens	i just got done working in my garden , have you been busy today ?	yeah a little i just had a manicure . i like gardens	i have never had a manicure . my job is in a factory , hard on the hands .	oh my , what is your name ?	emily , age 27 , one dog , 2 cats , favorite is light purple .	i like those animal , but i love horses	horses scare me . i am also afraid of bees and the water , as in swimming .	i like those animal , but i love horses
dull-1323	hi , how are you tonight	i am fine . just watching some sports .	hi , how are you tonight
dull-1324	hi i am 14 years old how old are you	i am a 40 year old man .	hi i am 14 years old how old are you
dull-1325	hi there , how are you ?	hey ! i am great , thanks for asking . how are you ?	hi there , how are you ?	hey ! i am great , thanks for asking . how are you ?	doing good . just got in from work . sales can be rough	oh that does sound rough , i want to do fashion .	that sounds cool . i sometimes do graphic design for fashion .	that sounds awesome ! that is what i want to do . fashion design .	its just a hobby of mine really . you like the band , rush ?	That is a great question.
dull-1326	hey ! lucy here , what is your name ?	my name is sam short for sammie	hey ! lucy here , what is your name ?	my name is sam short for sammie	That is amazing.
dull-1327	hello , how are you doing today ?	hi , i am ok , how are you ?	hello , how are you doing today ?	hi , i am ok , how are you ?	That is a good question.
dull-1328	hello , how are you tonight ? do you like horses ?	hello i am good , and yes i do would rather have them than kids tho	hello , how are you tonight ? do you like horses ?	hello i am good , and yes i do would rather have them than kids tho	i live on a horse farm . the cowboys expect fresh veggies for dinner .	lol wow can they not cook for themselves ?	they work hard , we have over 5000 acres .	oh ok well than good thing that have you .	at times , yes . do you like john denver ?	Let me think what I have to say about that!
dull-1329	how are you doing today ?	hey i am fine how about yourself	how are you doing today ?	hey i am fine how about yourself	i am exhausted ! my neck and my back hurt really bad .	i know that feeling oh too well	how old are you ? i am 75 years old	i am 20 years old	what do you do for work ?	i am a student actually	I love that.
dull-1330	hi , want to go shopping with me ?	i am sorry my left leg is in a lot of pain so i can not	hi , want to go shopping with me ?	i am sorry my left leg is in a lot of pain so i can not	wow . i am a nurse . i can help you	is helping people a hobby of yours ? mine is riding horses	no , but i am a nurse . it is my job .	interesting i hope to retire soon from my current job	when you retire , we could go shopping	that would be great i look forward to it	i will have nurse money by then	if you could do anything in the world what would you do ?	probably go on a shopping spree . how about you ?	I love that.
dull-1331	hello , how are you today	hi , i am wonderful and you ?	hello , how are you today
dull-1332	hi , how has your day been ?	great and how was your day ?	hi , how has your day been ?	I don't know what you mean by that.
dull-1333	good morning , how are you today ?	i am fine thank you how is your day going ?	good morning , how are you today ?	i am fine thank you how is your day going ?	very well . just got my kid sister to school , now on to the gym .	that is nice of you do you work out often or in your spare time ?	That is a good question.
dull-1334	hi . just chilling to john denver after my work out . how about you ?	hi , just studying for my college exam . hows it going	hi . just chilling to john denver after my work out . how about you ?	hi , just studying for my college exam . hows it going	good . what are you taking in college ?	what kind of music do you like to listen to ?	john denver . how about you ?	i love playing sports so i am studying in the field of sports medicine .	interesting . work out each day myself . what sports do you like ?	what do you do on the weekends ?	spend time with my horses . you ?	what kind of horse do you have ? i hike .	Let me think what I have to say about that!
dull-1335	hello , what is the best hotel in your town ?	do not know hotels here howdy how are you doing i am fine	hello , what is the best hotel in your town ?	do not know hotels here howdy how are you doing i am fine	okay , which place can be good for a couple in this town ?	i am not married to my boyfriend no kids from him .	why are you still new lovers ?	i am disabled and i stay home to much no new lovers not old either .	did you get an accident or since your birth you were disabled ?	my dad passed away while i was still young miss him .	sorry . do you have your mum ?	no i worked for some time and then i became disabled but i am okay .	you mean you lost both parents ?	no i worked for some time and then i became disabled but i am okay .
dull-1336	hello , i am a sports nut , just love soccer , and you ?	i like playing sports like racquetball , but not watching so much .	hello , i am a sports nut , just love soccer , and you ?	i like playing sports like racquetball , but not watching so much .	i am a tv sports addict , unfortunately my fiancee hates sports . could be a problem .	my fiance is into hard rock , i like oldies , but we make it work .	i was the high school jock who did everything , then no sports in college .	they played in the school band . do you play any instruments ?	nope , neurosurgeon , no music , i focused on school so i could graduate with honors .	i should have ! i slacked off ended up being a administrative assistant . do you have kids ?	i like to polka , its fun and my fiancee and i get lots of exercise .	i am going to have a polka band play when i retire in 5 years !	sounds like fun , i will come dance when you play music .	tell me more about yourself so i can recognize you there !	red hair , glasses . my fiancee is a beauty , she is with me for my money .	tell me more about yourself so i can recognize you there !
dull-1337	hey there . how are you ?	good , do you like animals ?	hey there . how are you ?	good , do you like animals ?	yeah , i like cats . i have one .	i have 2 dogs , they are great , where do you work ?	i stay at home with the kids .	are you afraid of heights ? i certainly am	no . do you like tv ?	sure i like tv , what do you watch ?	really anything , what about you ?	i do not have time to watch tv , i am an attorney so i work alot	Awesome!
dull-1338	good evening , what are you doing tonight ?	hi . how are you ? i just got in from working on my car .	good evening , what are you doing tonight ?	hi . how are you ? i just got in from working on my car .	a real man , just like the ones i read and watch in my romance books and movies	haha . thanks . working on classic cars is my passion !	i do not own a car , just an appartment in the big city	big city sounds exciting . what do you do for work ?	still in culinary school . i should be done soon	i work for an apartment complex . i am in charge of handling all the issues .	you can come work on my appartment , i am 32 and single , you have a partner ?	nothing too serious . do you like to cook ?	Let me think what I have to say about that!
dull-1339	good evening , what are you doing tonight ?	hi . how are you ? i just got in from working on my car .	good evening , what are you doing tonight ?	hi . how are you ? i just got in from working on my car .	a real man , just like the ones i read and watch in my romance books and movies	haha . thanks . working on classic cars is my passion !	i do not own a car , just an appartment in the big city	big city sounds exciting . what do you do for work ?	still in culinary school . i should be done soon	i work for an apartment complex . i am in charge of handling all the issues .	still in culinary school . i should be done soon
dull-1340	hey ! how are you ? i am so excited that i just graduated from rn school .	Let me think what I have to say about that!
dull-1341	what are you getting into tonight ?	what do you mean by that ?	what are you getting into tonight ?	what do you mean by that ?	nothing really . what are you up to ?	I don't know what you mean by that.
dull-1342	hi there how are you tonight ?	That question does not make sense to me.
dull-1343	hi , i am an rn and my dog is pedro .	hi i blog about rabbit rescues and compete as a body builder .	hi , i am an rn and my dog is pedro .	hi i blog about rabbit rescues and compete as a body builder .	you have any pets ? i can make , cook and eat muffins all day . you sing ?	no cooking i live with my little sister , also i do not sing but love tim mcgraw .	wow ! i stand five feet , single and sell stuff online .	that is awesome i buy many things online , mostly of my idol theodore roosevelt .	get out ! mine too ! i have the best recipe for rabbit gumbo . i am an author .	what type of books do you write ?	That is a great question.
dull-1344	hiya , nice to chat do you like reading ? or movies ?	i really enjoy to read personally	hiya , nice to chat do you like reading ? or movies ?	i really enjoy to read personally	so do i romance is my favourite what about you ?	i really enjoy to read personally
dull-1345	hi . whew just took the bus back from work . new york traffic is crazy .	hello , so i hear ! i am retiring in five years and will see for myself .	hi . whew just took the bus back from work . new york traffic is crazy .	hello , so i hear ! i am retiring in five years and will see for myself .	yeah . planning to visit the big apple , eh ?	among other places . then , international travel .	traveling sounds fun . as for me , i have to relax with jazz .	i like oldies and the hot tub .	oldies are okay . the office is starting soon on tv . cant wait !	i am anxiously awaiting sunday for the walking dead	aww , so you like tv too . it is fun .	i do , i am a closet tv junkie	i enjoy tv . i snack on health foods . nothing sweet for me .	i love cookies and brownies .	do you have any hobbies ?	racquetball and trying new restaurants , you ?	That is a great question.
dull-1346	hello how are you ? i mistakenly ate some mango today , it bothered my allergy	i am doing very well , thank you . i am sorry to hear that .	hello how are you ? i mistakenly ate some mango today , it bothered my allergy	That is a great question.
dull-1347	good evening , how are you ?	very well , how are you ?	Awesome!
dull-1348	i just finish what i usually enjoy doing mills cooking	that is good . what is mills cooking ?	I don't know what you mean by that.
dull-1349	hi , how is it going ?	very well , thank you . i am getting ready to make dinner . how are you ?	hi , how is it going ?	That question does not make sense to me.
dull-1350	hey there how are you now ?	Wow, great question!
dull-1351	hello how are you ?	i am doing well , how are you ?	I am happy for you!
dull-1352	hi there , just got home from my job at mcdonalds and ready to chat .	i just got home from the synagogue . do you go to church ?	hi there , just got home from my job at mcdonalds and ready to chat .	i just got home from the synagogue . do you go to church ?	no church for me . i plan to job search for something better , any suggestions ?	you might like working in a paper comapny like they do on the office .	i would like college but no money , no help from my parents , i was unwanted .	it sounds like you have a rough life ! i have been pretty lucky myself .	my aunt uncle were great , they raised me and gave me a happy home .	i grew up with my aunt uncle here in new york .	uncle peter owns the mcdonalds where i work , he is awesome . free fries for everyone !	he sounds like a nice guy ! if i had a car i would like to visit him !	aunt matilda works the drive thru window , its a family business . i do shakes .	i do not like anything sweet like shakes . do you have any pets ?	two cats and one parrot named peter . how about you ?	my wife made me get rid of my snake . are you married ?	yes , six times but no spouse currently . i am not good at it .	I like that.
dull-1353	hello how are you this morning	i am good . going to the gym in a few minutes	hello how are you this morning	i am good . going to the gym in a few minutes	good for you , that is very healthy . i am busy watching fox news	oh no i hate fox news . so do my dad and brother	oh dear . i am sorry to hear that . do you have any children	no i do not . too busy going out for sushi to have kids . you ?	i do have children . what kind of sushi do you eat	nothing with fish since i am a vegan . how many children do you have ?	i have three , they are three months , 18 months , and 12 .	you must be busy ! can you still work out with 3 kids ?	unfortunately not , but i still make time for fox news .	I like that.
dull-1354	hello . how are you doing ?	i am pretty good just got home	hello . how are you doing ?	i am pretty good just got home	very cool . do you have any pets ? i have 3 2 cats and 1 dog .	no i work at a groomers tho they are like my pets .	ah , fun ! are you into fitness ?	not really more into civil war things . too many wives in the past	oh . i own a dieting business that is very successful .	that is very nice . what kind of diets ?	oh . i own a dieting business that is very successful .
dull-1355	hiya , nice to chat do you like reading ? or movies ?	i really enjoy to read personally	hiya , nice to chat do you like reading ? or movies ?	i really enjoy to read personally	so do i romance is my favourite what about you ?	i prefer fantasy and sci fi	That is great.
dull-1356	hi , i am married and have a husband , he is my world , i love him	my collection of stickers and poetry are mine lol	hi , i am married and have a husband , he is my world , i love him	my collection of stickers and poetry are mine lol	nice , do you watch anything on tv for fun ?	i like jane the virgin	nice , i love watching movies and shows and i love tv	me to but i want to learn the art of drawing	what kind of drawing ? who inspired you ?	Let me think what I have to say about that!
dull-1357	hi how are you today ?	hello there i am fine and you ?	hi how are you today ?	hello there i am fine and you ?	pretty good do you have pets ?	no i actually do not like dogs i am afraid ot them	i do not like cats at all	i do not love animals at all i love babies lol	do you like music then	i do not love animals at all i love babies lol
dull-1358	hey there ! whats your favorite movie ? mine is titanic	mine is captain america , civil war ! my daddy took me to see it before he died .	hey there ! whats your favorite movie ? mine is titanic	mine is captain america , civil war ! my daddy took me to see it before he died .	wow ! i seen titanic like 10 times an i just became a new daddy	i like to dance , i pretend the winter soldier is my boyfriend .	cute , i like to model cars as a past time .	my parents and i lived on edris island , before they died . where are you ?	cute , i like to model cars as a past time .
dull-1359	how are you doing today ?	i am good . this is great , i love making new friends !	how are you doing today ?	i am good . this is great , i love making new friends !	well its a pleasure to meet you , i enjoy playing video games , you ?	actually i love ultimate frisbee ! it is my favorite . do you have pets ?	yes , i am a veterinarian , i have dog and cat	my turtle is my best friend . his name is timothy . how about your family ?	its just me and my cat and dog , you should bring timothy to see me	I see.
dull-1360	hi , have any plans for this sunday ?	i do i plan to skip school	hi , have any plans for this sunday ?	i do i plan to skip school	do you want to come watch football with me ?	I don't have a good answer to that.
dull-1361	hey , do you want to marry me ? i go to college .	Wow, great question!
dull-1362	hello , how are you today ?	i am doing very well , trying to figure out which barbeque restaurant to have dinner .	hello , how are you today ?	i am doing very well , trying to figure out which barbeque restaurant to have dinner .	oh that sounds great ! i have some muffins baking in the oven as a treat for myself .	that sounds lovely . a lady i play racquetball with makes some great muffins .	big into racquetball ? i think the only exercise i get lately is walking my dog pedro .	Let me think what I have to say about that!
dull-1363	hi , want to get to know each other ?	are you interested with diet supplement	hi , want to get to know each other ?	are you interested with diet supplement	I am happy for you!
dull-1364	hello , how are you today ?	great ! how are you ?	hello , how are you today ?	great ! how are you ?	That is amazing.
dull-1365	hi ! how are you doing today ?	i am sad . my parents were never around when i was young .	hi ! how are you doing today ?	That question does not make sense to me.
dull-1366	hey there how is it going	hi . not too bad . how about you	hey there how is it going	hi . not too bad . how about you	i am having a great day	glad to hear it . do you like dogs ?	i prefer horses over dogs	yeah dogs scare me . i prefer horses too	i fell off my horse now i my left leg hurts me	hope youre okay . i just turned 32 and am still single . that hurts too haha	i never shave my facial hair	to each their own . i love to read . do you ?	i like romance movies and books	romance ones are my favorite too !	yes i agree with you	i aspire to be a chef someday .	yes i agree with you
dull-1367	hi , what is up with you ?	fine and am just sipping my wine at the moment .	hi , what is up with you ?	fine and am just sipping my wine at the moment .	sounds good . where are you from ?	am from georgia usa and you ?	california , i grew up here but i am moving to nyc next year .	that sounds good i would also want to move but it is tricky for me .	i am an actor and fashion model so i have to relocate for work .	okay am an artist specializing in graffiti	that sounds fun . i spend my free time skating and surfing	i do surfing but not a lot and fishing in my free time .	cool . i also like to sing although i do not sound very well .	i do surfing but not a lot and fishing in my free time .
dull-1368	hello . what do you love to do ?	i love to hunt an i have 3 guns , you ?	I am very happy to hear that.
dull-1369	good morning , have you went for a walk yet ? simon and i have .	hello ! my morning is great . no school today since i graduated from college .	good morning , have you went for a walk yet ? simon and i have .	That is a great question.
dull-1370	hey how is it going	i am pretty good . just got the kids to bed	hey how is it going	i am pretty good . just got the kids to bed	i still need to do that , i am a single dad	how many kids do you have ? i have 2	3 2 boys and girl	both of mine are girls . how old are you ? i am 34	40 years old , what you do for living , single ?	i work in real estate . i have been there for awhile	nice ! i work on airplanes , love working with my hands	i work in real estate . i have been there for awhile
dull-1371	hello , how are you doing today ?	hello , i am well . how are you ?	hello , how are you doing today ?	hello , i am well . how are you ?	i am doing well . it is a lovely night in texas .	That is cool.
dull-1372	hey i am jordan and i am a veterinarian . how are you doing today ?	i am joe and a pro skater	hey i am jordan and i am a veterinarian . how are you doing today ?	i am joe and a pro skater	oh nice . where are you from ? i am from cali but i am now in florida	i live in fl also . i used to work for hollister back in school	do you enjoy listening and playing music ? i am a musician , only on weekends	i love music and especially bluegrass which i can play good	i am pretty good with the guitar . and when i am not so busy i read drama books	i had a tail when i was born but had it cut off	what kind of tail did you get removed ?	Wow, great question!
dull-1373	hi ! how are you ? what are you doing right now ?	hey , i am great . other than recovering from surgery . how are you ?	hi ! how are you ? what are you doing right now ?	hey , i am great . other than recovering from surgery . how are you ?	oh no ! what happened ? i am taking a break from driving .	i tore up my knee playing frisbee with my 2 dogs . where are you driving to ?	i am driving a load to chicago . sorry about your knee . how is your recovery ?	its going well so far . an excuse to lay around . you drive truck ?	yes , i do . do you work for a living ?	i am currently looking . i did not finish high school so its not easy finding something worth it .	do you have children to support ? i must work to support my 7 children .	i am currently looking . i did not finish high school so its not easy finding something worth it .
dull-1374	hello , how are you today ? doing the same thing as yesterday	hi ! i am doing just great ! what do you do ?	hello , how are you today ? doing the same thing as yesterday	That question does not make sense to me.
dull-1375	hey guess what ? i am a jewish boy and still enjoy jazz music .	cool ! i am jewish too ! i play pop music , i am the lead singer of bb2	hey guess what ? i am a jewish boy and still enjoy jazz music .	cool ! i am jewish too ! i play pop music , i am the lead singer of bb2	nice , do you have a tv show you like my favorite one is the office .	never have time to watch tv , we are always on tour or throwing a party !	lucky , my jew parents will not let me eat sweets can you belive that	what ? my dad is awesome , i dropped out of school to travel with him .	i do not even get to drive myself , mostly because i live in new york though .	love nyc ! party all the time , my dad drove a semi , i helped .	sometimes people will laugh at me because i ride a unicycle . . .	love nyc ! party all the time , my dad drove a semi , i helped .
dull-1376	hi , how has your day been ?	great and how was your day ?	hi , how has your day been ?	great and how was your day ?	long day at work . teaching elementary wears me out .	That is good.
dull-1377	good morning how are you	tired after driving my truck for delivery . on the road for 19 hours .	good morning how are you	tired after driving my truck for delivery . on the road for 19 hours .	you know what would make your day feel shorter ? some good oldies music	i like music but love mystery books more . have any children ?	i have no children , that is why i am able to retire so soon	we are a family of 9 . husband , me and the children .	that is great . i like to play racquetball , do you play ?	never played . sounds fun . i like the ocean and anything blue .	and i love to try barbecue restaurants	me too . i really like farms . my family had a really big one .	wow that is amazing , i will be retiring in five years	good for you . i will be driving for years to pay for those 7 kids .	but the kids are worth it ?	absolutely ! but it is nice to have some alone time too .	That is great.
dull-1378	hello , what are you up to	hello , i am sewing some quilts for my nieces .	hello , what are you up to
dull-1379	hi , want to go shopping with me ?	i am sorry my left leg is in a lot of pain so i can not	hi , want to go shopping with me ?	i am sorry my left leg is in a lot of pain so i can not	wow . i am a nurse . i can help you	is helping people a hobby of yours ? mine is riding horses	no , but i am a nurse . it is my job .	interesting i hope to retire soon from my current job	when you retire , we could go shopping	that would be great i look forward to it	i will have nurse money by then	if you could do anything in the world what would you do ?	probably go on a shopping spree . how about you ?	Let me think what I have to say about that!
dull-1380	what kind of music do you like to listen to ?	i play all of the music i listen to on the guitar	what kind of music do you like to listen to ?	i play all of the music i listen to on the guitar	guitar is cool . rap is my favorite , but it does not have much guitar	what do you do for a living ?	i am currently in college . i am studying to be a teacher . you ?	that is cool ! i am a batista	do you mean barista ? being a 22 year old college student i have a lot of coffee !	lol i thought it was barista too but its not	interesting ! i love playing soccer do you have any hobbies ?	just playing the guitar . my brothers are my biggest fans	Nice!
dull-1381	to whom do i have the pleasure of accompanying me today ?	my name is carol . how are you today ?	to whom do i have the pleasure of accompanying me today ?	my name is carol . how are you today ?	I don't know what you mean by that.
dull-1382	hello . i am eating sausage and bacon for breakfast . what are you having ?	i just finished bacon and pancakes .	hello . i am eating sausage and bacon for breakfast . what are you having ?	i just finished bacon and pancakes .	as a doctor i should know to eat less bacon but it is just so god	that is true . i am studying to become a fashion designer .	so cool ! since i am into bodybuilding i do not wear many clothes	i lifted weights in prison . i did some time for stealing .	oh so did my brother . my secretary mom was so upset about it	my parents do not care about me . they are hardly ever around .	oh so did my brother . my secretary mom was so upset about it
dull-1383	hi , merna here . single , 32 and scared of dogs . you ?	dave , 40 . college biology professor	hi , merna here . single , 32 and scared of dogs . you ?	dave , 40 . college biology professor	oh okay . i am a good cook too !	cool , i grow my own vegetables in my garden	great ! hi dave . you own or rent your home ? i rent .	i own one here and one in europe . i travel often	hmmm . any peas in that garden professor dave ?	i own one here and one in europe . i travel often
dull-1384	hi there . how are you ?	i am great . what are you doing up so late ?	hi there . how are you ?	i am great . what are you doing up so late ?	i don not know . i should be asleep . i am more of an early bird . you ?	I don't have a good answer to that.
dull-1385	hi there ! just finished shopping ! love it !	hello how are you today	hi there ! just finished shopping ! love it !	hello how are you today	i love clothes and models ! cant wait to get to auburn to study it !	why are you taking so long to answer ?	why are others ? sorry . i love to drive beetles .	That is a great question.
dull-1386	hi . how are you tonight ?	i am well focused on fantasy you ?	hi . how are you tonight ?	i am well focused on fantasy you ?	good . binge watching one tree hill , waiting on a pizza delivery after a long day	like lord of the rings ?	good . binge watching one tree hill , waiting on a pizza delivery after a long day
dull-1387	hi , did you finish high school ? i never did	i did , how are you doing ?	hi , did you finish high school ? i never did	i did , how are you doing ?	good , i just got done playing frisbee i love playing it .	oh cool , i grew up playing frisbee in north dakota	that is cool ? what did you have for breakfast ? i love sardines	i had some donuts at my advertising job i started last year	i love donuts but i am just recovering from surgery so i can not eat sweets	oh no , you better take it easy	yeah but i am better now , i just miss playing frisbee	yeah good thing you played recently	yeah , i will be back on my feet and playing again in no time !	cool . you just said you got done playing ?	That is a good question.
dull-1388	hello , janice here . taking a break from studying .	hello , i am mia . i know the feeling , i homeschool my daughter .	hello , janice here . taking a break from studying .	hello , i am mia . i know the feeling , i homeschool my daughter .	i am in my last year of high school and ready for college !	good luck ! what are you going to go for ?	I don't have a good answer to that.
dull-1389	hello . how are you doing ?	i am good . do you have any hobbies ?	hello . how are you doing ?	i am good . do you have any hobbies ?	yes i do . i like singing . how about you ?	i love the out doors like hiking and camping .	that is cool . are you single ? have any kids ?	nope , but my dad is retired .	That is good.
dull-1390	hi there , how are you ?	i am alright . finished with homeschool . you ?	hi there , how are you ?	i am alright . finished with homeschool . you ?	cool . just got back from my run . had nirvana playing on repeat . was great	i love nirvana , true story . i play bass in a metal band	hey man ! i play music myself . guitar	right on . i play everything in a side project . all metal though . lol	so what do you do for work ?	i tattoo and write for a ghost writing company . you ?	That is very interesting.
dull-1391	hey how is it going	pretty good . just relaxing with one of my cats on my lap .	hey how is it going	pretty good . just relaxing with one of my cats on my lap .
dull-1392	how are you doing tonight ?	i am ok . practicing my british accent . i fake it to be cool and pick up guys .	how are you doing tonight ?	i am ok . practicing my british accent . i fake it to be cool and pick up guys .	that is good . are you excited for the holidays ?	no . being alone makes me dread holidays . i was married 4 times , 3 times widowed .	what happened to your first wife ?	she was mysteriously murdered . had arsenic in her .	Awesome!
dull-1393	hi how are you today ?	hi . i am good , and you ?	hi how are you today ?	hi . i am good , and you ?	i am hungry how are you ?	i just ate . i have traveled overseas . i have studied in england .	what do you like to do ?	travel when i can . my best friend goes with me . we met in kindergarten .	that is cool , like jazz ? i love it	it is ok . where did you grow up ? i did in north dakota .	i like to read an run	that is fun ! are you jewish ? i am .	no i am not an you ?	That is a good question.
dull-1394	good evening ! how are you	i am good i am eating pizza which is the best food	good evening ! how are you	i am good i am eating pizza which is the best food	that sounds yummy . i am getting ready for bed	i am also i have a big family 6 sisters and one brother	that sounds yummy . i am getting ready for bed
dull-1395	hi how are you ? i am still recovering from my friends wedding	i am good . weddings are so fun . did they have good music ?	hi how are you ? i am still recovering from my friends wedding	i am good . weddings are so fun . did they have good music ?	they did . played some rush which is my favorite	I am happy for you!
dull-1396	hello how are you today ?	hi , i am good , i just moved into a new house i bought ! you ?	hello how are you today ?	hi , i am good , i just moved into a new house i bought ! you ?	that is great . my family lives on my road .	cool dude . any plans for tonight ? i am dancing at the club , i love it .	i would go to the club but tomorrow is sunday and i always go to church .	what church do you go to ? do they have candy ? i love candy !	it is a very conservative church because i am conservative .	oh in which ways are you ?	i am conservative also by buying american vehicles such as my ford pickup truck .	that is neat . i have a dog in school because he is so bad .	wow . i have a dog as well because i love hunting .	do you ever take pictures of yourself hunting and post them ?	i do not . however , i take pictures of my 3 guns . do you take pictures ?	yes all the time ! i like to post pictures of myself on face book .	Wow.
dull-1397	hello there , how are you today ? i just got back from a run	hi , i am ok . i play soccer so run a lot	hello there , how are you today ? i just got back from a run	hi , i am ok . i play soccer so run a lot	do you listen to any music while you are practicing ?	i do . i am a metal head so listen to a lot of that .	nirvana actually inspired me to become a musician , maybe not your style though . . .	nirvana is ok , they did a lot for music . my favorite band is tool	i think i have heard of them , i am not sure . do you have pets ?	i have a cat , and they are more rock then metal	i love cats , so many orphaned ones come into my store , i want them all !	lol . tht is how my old lady is . always have to bring home a stray	i love cats , so many orphaned ones come into my store , i want them all !
dull-1398	hi there , how are you tonight ?	great , i just finished a huge steak how are you ?	hi there , how are you tonight ?	great , i just finished a huge steak how are you ?	i am good , drinking some scotch .	i am major meat eater to build muscles	oh , i like meat ok .	scotch goes good with meat	oh , i like meat ok .
dull-1399	hi there , just got home from my job at mcdonalds and ready to chat .	i just got home from the synagogue . do you go to church ?	hi there , just got home from my job at mcdonalds and ready to chat .	i just got home from the synagogue . do you go to church ?	no church for me . i plan to job search for something better , any suggestions ?	you might like working in a paper comapny like they do on the office .	i would like college but no money , no help from my parents , i was unwanted .	you might like working in a paper comapny like they do on the office .
dull-1400	hi , tracy here . divorce , two kids , ex named doug .	hi , its good you are part of your kids lives i did not know my mother .	hi , tracy here . divorce , two kids , ex named doug .	hi , its good you are part of your kids lives i did not know my mother .	oh okay ! i move around alot and hand make things that i sell online .	i move around a lot too went into the army right out of highschool .	a military man . my ex was a marine .	yeah , divorce is hard . any pets ? i always wanted a dog but i am allergic .	no . i wish you knew your mother . my parents love my kids . their divorced too .	no , its ok i probably got the colorblind gene from her . plus my dad was great .	awww . was ? has he pass ? i am sorry i did not get your name ?	yes a few years ago . my name is jordan .	okay . nice to meet you jordan . kid ? married or just happy ?	Wow, great question!
dull-1401	hi , i was a geology teacher awhile ago , please tell me something interesting about you	hey there what you up too	hi , i was a geology teacher awhile ago , please tell me something interesting about you	hey there what you up too	nothing much , i just got done finishing arctic exploring , ice fishing and stuff	cool , my mom had a hard job as a army nurse	is she still working there ?	no thank god , i kind of got a cat it was a stray	is that your passions cat ? i like to find long lost arctic explorers	no it is not mine is clothes an singing folk music	well whatever keeps your mind active , i was a geology teacher and it was boring	i bet it is lol	yeah that is why i am in the arctic , i feel super bad	your students were in what grade ?	i did not do good , i failed most of my classes and i am dyslexic	why ? it is freezing there	yeah and i fight polar bears	That is good.
dull-1402	hello , i am a sports nut , just love soccer , and you ?	That is a great question.
dull-1403	hi how are you today	hi how are you doing my friend i am okay thank you .	hi how are you today	hi how are you doing my friend i am okay thank you .	good to hear where do you live	i am employed at pet smart working with pets and selling products .	that is nice i like to hike	i love working as a musician too i live in new jersey .	nice do you ever go hiking ?	cool hiking is fun . no i do not hike . i am a runner i love to run .	do you have any children then ?	yes my most liked music band is nirvana , what is yours ?	anything when i drive my civic around	i know that is alright i love to cook i am a great cook .	anything when i drive my civic around
dull-1404	hi ! you read books ? i love reading mysteries .	yes ! i do art so i love all forms of expression	hi ! you read books ? i love reading mysteries .	yes ! i do art so i love all forms of expression	lovely ! my kids love reading too . i have seven of them !	wow that is a handful	haha . i also grew up in a large family on a large farm .	i am scared my kids will get my webbed toes	i hope not ! i am a truck driver . what do you do for a living ?	cleaner at research facility by day , artist by night	That is great.
dull-1405	hello , how are you tonight ? are you a buckeyes fan ?	Wow, great question!
dull-1406	hi there how ar you doing	i am doing great , how are you doing ?	hi there how ar you doing	i am doing great , how are you doing ?	excellent . where are you from	i am from california . where are you from ?	texas . the floods were tough	sorry to hear that , did you get impacted ?	texas . the floods were tough
dull-1407	hello , how are you tonight ?	ok for living in the sea	hello , how are you tonight ?	ok for living in the sea	seattle ? me too , i have two room mates !	not seattle but ocean . i spend all my days at school .	nice . i graduated about two years ago , now i teach kindergarten	i like checking out the sea creatures .	i am not a fan of sea creatures . i prefer my cat . how about you ?	i like cats . but i like my tail as feet	wow that is pretty interesting	i have long wavy hair what about you ?	i had long hair , but i found a way to sell it to pay my bills .	bills cost money . after dinner i usually go out and play with my friends under the sea	you sound like a mermaid . i just like to play board games with my room mates	yes ! i must be . i love being me . board games are difficult to play under the sea	you sound like a mermaid . i just like to play board games with my room mates
dull-1408	hello , do you like tupac ?	i love tupac . he is great to listen to while weightlifting .	hello , do you like tupac ?	i love tupac . he is great to listen to while weightlifting .	i listen to him while playing tennis and running .	that sounds bold . you remind me of theodore roosevelt . who do you look up to ?	I don't have a good answer to that.
dull-1409	hello ! how are you doing ?	i am cool just relaxed	hello ! how are you doing ?	i am cool just relaxed	I am happy for you!
dull-1410	hi how are you today	good , you ? enjoying a lazy day with my dog , max	hi how are you today	good , you ? enjoying a lazy day with my dog , max	do you have any other pets	no , i am living in the dorms with my girlfriend . one pet limit	i see do you like to write ?	used to , but the homework for my studies burnt me out gonna be a lawyer	what did you use to write	mostly about my adventures . i love traveling . what do you do for fun ?	i write my steamy romance novels	ooh , sounds fun ! have you been doing that for a long time ?	yeah i am not good around people so i write alone	Awesome!
dull-1411	hello , have you had dinner yet ?	i did , salad and water .	hello , have you had dinner yet ?	i did , salad and water .	i live in water , at the bottom of the sea .	are you on a submarine ? i work labor and delivery at the hospital .	no , i am not . i have a tail for feet and long hair .	oh , your a mermaid , that would be nice . you live in water and i only drink it .	yes , i am ! i spend most of my day studying .	i spend all my time at work or the gym . do you have kids ?	That is a good question.
dull-1412	hi , i have a cat , dog , bird and fish . no children . no soda just water .	you have a lot of pets	hi , i have a cat , dog , bird and fish . no children . no soda just water .	you have a lot of pets	yes ! you ? i like being by myself .	i have two kids . that keeps me busy enough . lol	great ! i work for ups part time .	i have two kids . that keeps me busy enough . lol
dull-1413	hi there . i am a hair dresser . want to chat ?	hi , sure if you stop cutting womens hair so short	hi there . i am a hair dresser . want to chat ?	hi , sure if you stop cutting womens hair so short	but i am so used to cutting hair short , i give my three dogs buzz cuts .	i am a chef and i can cook good but i am not happy about my weight .	oh a chef can you make me a cheese pizza ? i am starving !	short hair is ok for guys and dogs but my husband hates it on women .	i have short hair but i may grow it out for my fave holiday christmas .	i can make 5 different kinds depending what cheese and toppings	i just prefer a plain cheese pizza .	i have 3 hungry kids and a husband to cook for . luckily he works at night .	i would be so lonely if my husband was not here at night .	i am a chef during the day at work and again at home for the kids	how long have you been a chef ?	we like our schedule . that way we do not get tired of each other	I am very happy to hear that.
dull-1414	hi how are you ? i feel woozy . someone must have spiked my iced tea	Let me think what I have to say about that!
dull-1415	hi ! i am a 17 year old hippie , complete with the vw beetle !	hello ! i am 24 . how are you ?	hi ! i am a 17 year old hippie , complete with the vw beetle !	That is amazing.
dull-1416	hi ! what are you up to ? i am listening to some rap while studying	hi , i am lucy . just getting ready for another day at the office	hi ! what are you up to ? i am listening to some rap while studying	hi , i am lucy . just getting ready for another day at the office	what do you do at the office ? i am studying to be a teacher	hi , i am lucy . just getting ready for another day at the office
dull-1417	hi this is josh . just got out of class . i am a law student .	hi josh , i am frank . i am on leave from the army .	hi this is josh . just got out of class . i am a law student .	hi josh , i am frank . i am on leave from the army .	oh . thank you for serving our country . do you have siblings . i am only child .	no siblings , my mother was not in my life . what do you like to do ?	i am so driven to be successful . i study hard and work hard .	that is a good approach . what do you do for fun ? i love karaoke !	i have never tried karaoke . i like to hike actually .	hiking is good for you ! its tough for me though cause i am colorblind .	oh is it your browns , reds and greens ?	yeah everything . i just see black and white . it has benefits though .	wow . that is a unique colorblindness . is not it ? what benefits ?	it is unique . i can see camouflaged movement better than other people can though !	oh i see . that is good then . definitely .	yeah its helped me become a specialist in the army . what law do you study ?	oh i see . that is good then . definitely .
dull-1418	boy am i tired ! just got done hunting . how are you ?	hey , not bad . hunting , that is cool . do you hunt for sport or meat ?	boy am i tired ! just got done hunting . how are you ?	hey , not bad . hunting , that is cool . do you hunt for sport or meat ?	meat , not sport . i take old classic cars and make them new again for a hobby .	awesome . i love meat . i eat a high protein meat based diet .	nice ! looking to rent a property any time soon ?	not me , but maybe for my brother . are you a realtor ?	no , but i work for a company and could hook you up with a good deal .	sweet . i do not work for a company , i do bodybuilding for a living .	no wonder you eat so much meat !	sweet . i do not work for a company , i do bodybuilding for a living .
dull-1419	hello , how are you ? i am so bored !	hi . you should try building models . it is what i do to pass time	hello , how are you ? i am so bored !	hi . you should try building models . it is what i do to pass time	That is cool.
dull-1420	hello , how are you tonight ? are you watching the office	hi ! i am well , thanks . i actually just got back from a hike .	hello , how are you tonight ? are you watching the office	hi ! i am well , thanks . i actually just got back from a hike .	that sounds wonderful , i live in the city and do not have hiking trails .	i am in ohio where there are lots of wooded trails .	ohio is lovely , we went hiked blue hen and buttermilk falls once .	yes , very nice . my 2 sons love to hike buttermilk falls .	that hill though , lol . do you like sweets ? i do not .	yes , very nice . my 2 sons love to hike buttermilk falls .
dull-1421	hey , nice to meet you . how are you doing today ? anything fun ?	nice to meet you . i am doing well , i just went shopping .	hey , nice to meet you . how are you doing today ? anything fun ?	nice to meet you . i am doing well , i just went shopping .	that is good , how was shopping , buy anything ?	i bought some nice clothes , a new pair of jeans . what about you ?	I am very happy to hear that.
dull-1422	drink more water . tracy here . nice to meet you .	i drink water when i hike . my name is suzie .	drink more water . tracy here . nice to meet you .	i drink water when i hike . my name is suzie .	great ! hi sus . i love my three children and my cat named grace . you ?	i have two boys , blake and wesley .	get out ! my huband name is wesley blake . he work nights .	what a coincidence ! i am an accountant during the day .	get out ! i work during the day too ! i hate my weight .	you should take up hiking . it is beautiful in the country in ohio .	no not the kid ! i am scared of heights . cats are my friends though .	you should take up hiking . it is beautiful in the country in ohio .
dull-1423	hello . i hope you are having a good evening .	hello how are you doing	hello . i hope you are having a good evening .	hello how are you doing	well , thank you . do you like onions ? i love them .	no ? so were do you live	with my dad . we do not get along . he has cats and i do not like them .	are you ok ? your talking kind of weird	I don't know what you mean by that.
dull-1424	how are you tonight , i just got back from hiking .	i am great ! that is cool , i just got home from hunting .	how are you tonight , i just got back from hiking .	i am great ! that is cool , i just got home from hunting .	so we both like outdoors , i am in ohio .	i do like the outdoors . . . as well as restoring classic cars . i am in missouri .	when i am not in my office doing accounting , i am with my 2 boys .	that is good . i work as a handyman for a company that rents properties .	i wish i was handy , being a single mom and all .	i am a single parent as well . just me and my baby girl .	i would love a baby girl , it must be fun to go shopping ?	Let me think what I have to say about that!
dull-1425	hey there how is it going	pretty good , how are you ?	hey there how is it going	pretty good , how are you ?	great studying law , 2 more years left	oh nice , how is law school ?	i love it , lots of info , wanting to be very successful	awesome . i am a dancer actually .	that is awesome , what style dance ?	I don't have a good answer to that.
dull-1426	hello , how are you this morning ? did you get your walk in yet ?	hello i am fine i cannot walk i am disabled	hello , how are you this morning ? did you get your walk in yet ?	hello i am fine i cannot walk i am disabled	i am sorry . i love to garden and travel , i would hate for that to be me .	its okay i like to knit hats for babies in nicu	that is so sweet . i have been to six countries .	wow have you discovered any new favorite food i love cooking	i discovered real hummus while teaching biology in turkey .	that sounds right up my alley being vegan and all	that is why i started my garden , i am vegan too .	wow someone who helps others like me and vegan amazing	that is why i started my garden , i am vegan too .
dull-1427	hello ! how are you doing ?	i am cool just relaxed	hello ! how are you doing ?	i am cool just relaxed	nice , you do much today ?	no just watch the clock an run	cool , you run too ? i love running ! kind of annoying when the dogs chase you though	lol you are right i work in a pet store	really ? i am not an animal lover .	lol you are right i work in a pet store
dull-1428	good morning ? do you have any jobs	good afternoon from pennsylvania . i am currently a medical scribe preparing to apply to medical school .	good morning ? do you have any jobs	good afternoon from pennsylvania . i am currently a medical scribe preparing to apply to medical school .	oh , i thought you had an idea of a vacancy any were	where are you currently from ?	oh , i thought you had an idea of a vacancy any were
dull-1429	hello , how are you today	hi , i am wonderful and you ?	hello , how are you today	hi , i am wonderful and you ?	i am good , a little bored . my best friend is broken	really . . . i am sorry he or she is broken .	yes she is a robot . what are you up to	lol , funny . i am listening to my favorite music , jazz . and you ?	i just got done with school , about to touch up my blue roots	cool , blue roots . i have clients that color their pets hair blue .	oh do you work with pets ? ?	yes , part time . however , i work with children or a pediatrician .	oh interesting . i am still in school so i do not have a job	awesome ! i loved school . i enjoyed running and reading .	i go to school at home , but i do love to read as well	awesome ! i loved school . i enjoyed running and reading .
dull-1430	hello . how are you doing today ?	i am good , just got home .	hello . how are you doing today ?	i am good , just got home .	what kind of work do you do ?	i am a model for a magazine .	small world . i am a model as well .	oh , where do you live ?	right now in ohio . originally from california . and you ?	Let me think what I have to say about that!
dull-1431	hello , how are you , how is day ?	pretty good thanks and you ?	hello , how are you , how is day ?	pretty good thanks and you ?	i fine thanks , my dream is fashion designer , and you ?	i have lots of dreams but work at mcdonalds	what is your hobbies and dreams ?	i run fast that is about it	are you married parson or single ?	i am single . i dropped out of school	oh , i am married person but i want children but nor now	i live in terrible apartment complex	my friend took my boyfriend in my school	they stole them from you ?	my friend took my boyfriend in my school
dull-1432	hi how are you today ?	hello there i am fine and you ?	hi how are you today ?	That is a great question.
dull-1433	hi , how are you today ?	doing great , how are you ?	That question does not make sense to me.
dull-1434	i am just sitting here making a dress . how are you ?	i am fine , just left the hospital	i am just sitting here making a dress . how are you ?	i am fine , just left the hospital	is everything okay with your health ?	oh yes . . . i work there as a nurse	my mom was a nurse in the army	cool . . . what do you do for a living	i sell clothing that i make . i also manage a program for environmental care	it takes special talent to make clothes	yes , i love creating my own designs . do you have any pets ?	oh no , i can not stand cats and i am allergic to everything . you ?	i took in a stray cat . i fed him once and he never left .	that was sweet of you	yeah . i really love animals	so do you have any hobbies ?	yeah . i really love animals
dull-1435	hey , how are you today ? i just got home from work .	me too . i am an office secretary . what do you do ? ?	hey , how are you today ? i just got home from work .	me too . i am an office secretary . what do you do ? ?	right now , just at a fast food place , but i am job searching also .	cool ! i am lucy . i want a new job too , but just finished my degree last year .	what degree did you get ? i might want to go to college .	an four year degree in business , but i also played soccer . what would you study ?	i am not sure , i would probably have to talk to my uncle about it .	glad he supports you . what do you enjoy doing ? i like eating candy	i like eating ice cream , and stalking my parents on social media .	why do you stalk your family ? do they not speak to you ?	i like eating ice cream , and stalking my parents on social media .
dull-1436	good evening how are you ?	i am doing good how are you	That is cool.
dull-1437	hey there how are you ?	i write books , cookbooks about diet	hey there how are you ?	I don't have a good answer to that.
dull-1438	hey there how are you today ?	i am doing good . so tell me where you are from ?	hey there how are you today ?	i am doing good . so tell me where you are from ?	i am from new york . i am in college soon .	i love new york . i stay in texas . what are your hobbies ?	i am from new york . i am in college soon .
dull-1439	hey whats up ? i just got home from the gym .	right now i am attending school . i like msic .	hey whats up ? i just got home from the gym .	right now i am attending school . i like msic .	awesome bro . i quite school to work and earn money .	right now i am attending school . i like msic .
dull-1440	today i am painting a self portrait , since my career is an artist .	what style do you paint ?	today i am painting a self portrait , since my career is an artist .	what style do you paint ?	oil paint , usually . sometimes i use garbage from others to create statues .	sorry . i have to leave . my sister and ralph is here to go fishing .	have fun . i am short , only five feet , so it is hard to fish .	there are always ways to fish , even if you are short .	well i do have webbed feet , so easy to swim . do you swim ?	That question does not make sense to me.
dull-1441	hello ? i have not had a lot of interaction lately .	hi there ! do you live alone ?	hello ? i have not had a lot of interaction lately .	hi there ! do you live alone ?	i do , pretty faraway . on an island . alone .	it is hard to enjoy when there is no one to share it with .	i share it with my characters that i write about .	it is nice to have a hobby like that , i like to sing in a choir .	you must have a nice voice . it is not my hobby though . my hobby is cat training .	if i sing badly , my friends drown my voice out , haha !	lol , do you read ? anything specific ?	not really . i spend my free time playing softball . and eating !	wow ! sounds great ! i am rethinking the whole deserted island thing .	not really . i spend my free time playing softball . and eating !
dull-1442	hi , how is it going ?	very well , thank you . i am getting ready to make dinner . how are you ?	hi , how is it going ?	very well , thank you . i am getting ready to make dinner . how are you ?	pretty good , just finished up working for the day , looking forward to dinner	what do you do ? i work with horses on my parents ranch .	that sounds like a lot of work , carpentry is my craft . that and super dad of 3	i do not have any children , i am a newly wed .	my wife is awesome , helped me quit drinking 5 years ago already	that is an awesome wife ! my husband is a cop .	she even tolerates me and my buddies playing poker , a cop sounds dangerous	he is heading to las vegas for a police softball tournament tomorrow .	good luck to his team ! do you live in the city or more quite area ?	we are in the country , we live on a 500 acre horse ranch ,	well that sounds safer than a city for sure . i like rural areas .	i do too . would not live anywhere else .	well that sounds safer than a city for sure . i like rural areas .
dull-1443	hey , do you want to see a photo of my fur babies ?	are they horses ? i love horses .	hey , do you want to see a photo of my fur babies ?	are they horses ? i love horses .	nah , doggies and kitties . how about some photos of my grandbabies ?	that would be great , how many do you have ?	I am happy for you!
dull-1444	hi , do you go to school ?	no , not anymore . i barely have time for that , with the family !	hi , do you go to school ?	no , not anymore . i barely have time for that , with the family !	i have a sister . so i know how that is . how many kids ?	i have 3 children , and 2 kitties , that think they are my children as well !	lol it is just my sister , me , and my parents	do you like to cook ? i make homemade gourmet cat food , and people food , too !	nah . my mom does all the cooking .	i love cooking ! and , i am pretty good at it , too ! that explains the extra pounds !	are you tall ? i am so short	if i was taller , i might feel better about my body . what do you do ?	i am in school still deciding	it is good to take your time to decide . what do you study ?	i am taking some music education classes	i love playing music with the kiddies and the kitties !	i may be a band teacher in high school one day	i love playing music with the kiddies and the kitties !
dull-1445	hi want to get to know each other	lets do it lets go	hi want to get to know each other	lets do it lets go	i like to sing , do you ?	i do even tho i can not at all	folk songs are my favorite . what do you do for a living ?	sew an i use to be a banker	you sew too ? i sew	what you got ? let me see	i make a lot of clothes . i am hoping to sell them	I am happy for you!
dull-1446	hello , do you want to go for a walk with me and my fur babies	hi , what are fur babies ?	hello , do you want to go for a walk with me and my fur babies	hi , what are fur babies ?	they are just pets . my cats and dogs .	I am happy for you!
dull-1447	hi do you have any hobbies ? i am a guitarist .	no , i can barely pay my monthly bills .	hi do you have any hobbies ? i am a guitarist .	no , i can barely pay my monthly bills .	because i share an apartment with my brothers it is not that expensive .	i teach kindergarten , but i hate children .	that sounds miserable . my other hobby is getting tattoos .	where do you get the tattoos ?	i just like them . where do you live ?	i live in seattle with two derelicts . they drink all the time .	my brothers and i live in chicago , the folks are from arkansas	do you have a southern accent ?	my brothers and i live in chicago , the folks are from arkansas
dull-1448	hello how are you ?	i am doing well , how are you ?	hello how are you ?	i am doing well , how are you ?	doing well just playing with my pedro who is my dog	i also have a dog named juan . he is my hunting dog . we like to hunt .	what do you like to hunt ? what kind of job do you have ?	i also have a dog named juan . he is my hunting dog . we like to hunt .
dull-1449	hello , how are you tonight ? are you a gamer like me ?	i am good . you ? i am more of a writer .	hello , how are you tonight ? are you a gamer like me ?	i am good . you ? i am more of a writer .	That is very interesting.
dull-1450	hey there how are you ?	not bad its a beautiful night in california and you ?	hey there how are you ?	not bad its a beautiful night in california and you ?	it is pretty cold here , like body builders ?	yes they are pretty cool	yes i try to be	haha do you ever cosplay i got into it lately at school	no i do not i just write a blog on rabbit rescues lol	nice i go to homeschool but they let me do events at public school	really that is cool you like ?	its ok parents pulled me from public saying its too dangerous	Wow.
dull-1451	hi there . how are you ?	i am great . what are you doing up so late ?	hi there . how are you ?	i am great . what are you doing up so late ?	i don not know . i should be asleep . i am more of an early bird . you ?	Wow.
dull-1452	hey , whats going on with you	just on my daily walk . favorite part of my day . you ?	hey , whats going on with you	I like that.
dull-1453	hello there , how are you ?	That is a great question.
dull-1454	i just finish what i usually enjoy doing mills cooking	that is good . what is mills cooking ?	i just finish what i usually enjoy doing mills cooking	that is good . what is mills cooking ?	i just finish what i usually enjoy doing mills cooking
dull-1455	hi , i am a jew and in new york city , who are you and where you from ?	i am a teacher , but also incidentally i am jewish	hi , i am a jew and in new york city , who are you and where you from ?	i am a teacher , but also incidentally i am jewish	whoa , do you go to the synagogue ? i ride my bike there , i do not drive	i do , i especially enjoyed yom kippur recently , i jog to temple actually	do you stop by somewhere to eat ? i hate sweet stuff but in philly cheesesteak ?	That question does not make sense to me.
dull-1456	hello , how are you ? hold old are you ? i am 34 .	oh hey , i am a 5 foot , 35 year old woman who has a dog , pedro .	hello , how are you ? hold old are you ? i am 34 .	oh hey , i am a 5 foot , 35 year old woman who has a dog , pedro .	awesome . what do you do for a living ? i work as an environmentalist .	i work in healthcare . it is boring .	I am very happy to hear that.
dull-1457	i am drunk on scotch right now , you ?	i cannot afford alcohol . i can barely afford to pay my other bills each month .	i am drunk on scotch right now , you ?	i cannot afford alcohol . i can barely afford to pay my other bills each month .	I like that.
dull-1458	i pick things up and put them down . ah the life of a bodybuilder .	i am too old for that . but i try to walk a mile each day !	i pick things up and put them down . ah the life of a bodybuilder .	i am too old for that . but i try to walk a mile each day !	i have a brother bill . we go for walks sometimes .	that sounds lovely . i have a cat .	i love cats but as a doctor i am too busy for one .	i could not have one when i worked in banking . but now i have retired .	my mom is my secretary at my doctors office , we are super close .	that is so sweet ! i knit things for my children all the time	i wish i knew how to knit .	it is pretty simple , i took a class and now i am a pro !	i am making a ribeye right now . being a bodybuilder i eat alot of red meat .	you have to get that protein	yes i do . i tire out too easily if i do not .	have you always been into body building ?	no , my ex got me into it , believe it or not .	Awesome!
dull-1459	hello , are you retired yet ? my horses will not let me anytime soon .	hi . i am not . i am eccentric and a hair stylist for dogs .	hello , are you retired yet ? my horses will not let me anytime soon .	hi . i am not . i am eccentric and a hair stylist for dogs .	i have issues with my leg , i do not know how much longer i can work .	sorry to hear . do you collect ? i do . my favorite is civil war antiques .	i do not , unless you count horses and opinions .	that is funny . i sometimes fake a british accent to be funny and attractive .	that is why i have a beard . strange on a woman , i know .	hilarious ! do you have any food allergies ? mine is mangoes .	nope , i am healthy as a horse , minus my left leg issues .	you are very lucky ! i wish i could eat mangoes . i would eat them everyday .	i do not care for them , watermelon is my thing .	oh i like those too . what is your favorite vegetable ? i love them all .	I don't have a good answer to that.
dull-1460	hi ! i just got back from a run . what are you doing ?	hello , i am just playing some online poker .	hi ! i just got back from a run . what are you doing ?	hello , i am just playing some online poker .	i can not afford to gamble . i work at a fast food restaurant .	oh okay , that is too bad , i work as a carpenter .	i would love to work with wood . i could fix up this cheap apartment !	that would be nice . i do not have very many friends who can help me .	i am trying to earn my ged because i quit high school .	oh good for you ! my wife and three kids also quit high school when they were younger .	i am trying to earn my ged because i quit high school .
dull-1461	hello , how are you this afternoon ?	good , i just working while chatting , and you ?	hello , how are you this afternoon ?	good , i just working while chatting , and you ?	watching some youtube videos about hiking	i like watching youtube , i watch videos on makeup	is that like a hobby of yours ?	and hauls , and hose decor , and sewing	wow , sounds like you really like your videos , haha	yes it is , what about you ? what are your hobbies ?	well i really like to read , especially about traveling	Awesome!
dull-1462	hello i love living in new york	hello , do they have great italian restaurants like they do in italy there ?	hello i love living in new york	hello , do they have great italian restaurants like they do in italy there ?	yes and i love to eat	i love to travel , i am hoping to take my dog with me to europe .	i love music and dislike sweets	i love tiramisu . it is one of lifes greatest pleasures .	yes it is . being a jew i enjoy it	have you made a pilgrimage to israel ? i went and it was lovely .	no i have not . i do not have much times these days	you really should go . there is so much to see .	no i have not . i do not have much times these days
dull-1463	howdy how are we doing tonight i am fine what about your self ?	i am good , just hanging out	howdy how are we doing tonight i am fine what about your self ?	i am good , just hanging out	I am very happy to hear that.
dull-1464	i am drunk on scotch right now , you ?	i cannot afford alcohol . i can barely afford to pay my other bills each month .	i am drunk on scotch right now , you ?	i cannot afford alcohol . i can barely afford to pay my other bills each month .	i use to work at the local carnival , i can understand a tight budget	i work as a kindergarten teacher . i love kids !	kids are over rated , i like cats	i see . did you graduate college ? i just did two years ago .	i did , school for superheros	that is awesome ! where is that ? i live in seattle .	monkey shoulder virginia where they produce superhero movies the evil ones	i have not heard of that town . i share an apartment with 2 roommates .	sounds like you could use some scotch	i could ! i just wish i could afford it .	sounds like you could use some scotch
dull-1465	hello how are you ?	i am fine shopping for clothes wyd ?	hello how are you ?	i am fine shopping for clothes wyd ?	Nice!
dull-1466	hello . is anybody out there ?	lol i am here ! in seattle in my apartment with my two roomies .	hello . is anybody out there ?	lol i am here ! in seattle in my apartment with my two roomies .	i am in oregon , just got done hiking out in the woods	sounds fun ! what do you do for a living ? i teach kindergarten .	i work in a small coffee shop but want to be an artist	very cool , do you sculpt or paint ?	i work in a small coffee shop but want to be an artist
dull-1467	hello , how are you ? do you play poke ?	hi . i am doing great thanks for asking . i do play poker sometimes .	hello , how are you ? do you play poke ?	hi . i am doing great thanks for asking . i do play poker sometimes .	it is so relaxing , i am stressed from college . running does not always help relieve it .	sorry to hear . i walk a lot since i hike in the nature . do you hike ?	I don't have a good answer to that.
dull-1468	good evening . my name is elisa how are you ?	i am well ! my name is karen . what are you up to this evening ?	good evening . my name is elisa how are you ?	i am well ! my name is karen . what are you up to this evening ?	hello karen ! i am just working on a little quilting project	i always wanted to quilt . but with seven kids and work so not much free time .	you sould try it karen ! and get the kids involved too !	that might be chaos ! i used to quilt on my grandpa s farm though .	i used to live on a farm in honduras with my parents .	honduras , really ? we had a small dairy farm in wisconsin . did you have cows ?	yes we left when i was twelve . no we grew coffee mostly .	i could not farm . i drive trucks for a living . nothing will grow for me .	my father used to work on trucks after he left he military .	i could not farm . i drive trucks for a living . nothing will grow for me .
dull-1469	hey hows it going tonight ? 1	it is a pretty chilly night	hey hows it going tonight ? 1	it is a pretty chilly night	same here ! you live in the city too ? or more country ?	i would say country since i have a big garden	that is awesome ! i live in a really big city ! i like walking to work lol	i love the gym , i go daily .	you sound pretty active ! i am an introvert and usually paint in spare time .	i do not lol i grew up on a horse ranch	so you must like country music ? ! taylor swift is my fav	nothing like a fresh home cooked meal especially garden fresh	i work at a grocery so no need for a garden here lol	yea it is gmo there a lot	but its yummy ! ! ! lol tell me about you	well i like john denver	but its yummy ! ! ! lol tell me about you
dull-1470	hi , i was a geology teacher awhile ago , please tell me something interesting about you	hey there what you up too	hi , i was a geology teacher awhile ago , please tell me something interesting about you	hey there what you up too	nothing much , i just got done finishing arctic exploring , ice fishing and stuff	cool , my mom had a hard job as a army nurse	is she still working there ?	no thank god , i kind of got a cat it was a stray	is that your passions cat ? i like to find long lost arctic explorers	no it is not mine is clothes an singing folk music	well whatever keeps your mind active , i was a geology teacher and it was boring	i bet it is lol	yeah that is why i am in the arctic , i feel super bad	your students were in what grade ?	yeah that is why i am in the arctic , i feel super bad
dull-1471	hello how are you today	tired from working the night shift . i like nursing , but it is tiring .	hello how are you today	tired from working the night shift . i like nursing , but it is tiring .	nursing is an honorable profession	what do you do for a living ? i been a nurse a long time .	i am heavy into fitness although i am rather large .	any other hobbies ? i like to cook .	what is your favorite dish to cook	i adore anything with onions . do you eat healthy ?	yes , i attempt to eat healthy but i have my moments	do you have family ? i do not get along with dad .	i swim everyday because i am located by the sea .	Awesome!
dull-1472	he ; ; o . how are you this day	dogs really scares me , i live in an apartment that i rent	he ; ; o . how are you this day	dogs really scares me , i live in an apartment that i rent	they mess with my allergies . plus i have a military disability .	i am doing good and you ? i am a woman at age 32	i am a motherless lonesome fella . i am 46	sorry to heard that , i am single just to let you know	straight out of school to regular army i have been a bar hopper .	you kinda old , do you like to read books ? i read romance novels	i am kind of blind late so no	you still like the army ? i love watching movies and you ?	i do but now i am a bar singer . i like listening to the radio .	okay , i hope to be a chef , i love to cook for others .	really . i wish i could have a meal .	what is your favorite station ? you listen to music or the news ?	really . i wish i could have a meal .
dull-1473	hi how are you today	i am fine what about you ?	hi how are you today	i am fine what about you ?	pretty good are you married ?	no i am not married . i loved a guy for 4 years and he let me	i was just recently divorced so maybe that is okay	if in marriage has no trust better divorce .	i agree . i take care of all 3 kids now	are you male or female ?	i am both and neither at the same time	I am very happy to hear that.
dull-1474	hey there how are you now ?	hello how are you today	hey there how are you now ?	hello how are you today	i am proud to be a usa citizen	me too my dream is to make it in new york in show biz	i bet what are you ?	i sing and act . i want to be on broadway one day	really ? my stomach hurts hold on	i sing and act . i want to be on broadway one day
dull-1475	hello , how are you ? do you play poke ?	hi . i am doing great thanks for asking . i do play poker sometimes .	hello , how are you ? do you play poke ?	hi . i am doing great thanks for asking . i do play poker sometimes .	it is so relaxing , i am stressed from college . running does not always help relieve it .	sorry to hear . i walk a lot since i hike in the nature . do you hike ?	i do , i turn up ed sheeran on my ipod and go to my favorite waterfall .	do you know how to draw ? i do not . i want to learn how .	i do not . my niece , 14 , is a great artist already .	that is cool . do you like reading ? i do . mainly a lot of poetry .	i do not . my niece , 14 , is a great artist already .
dull-1476	hello there , how are you ?	hey i am fine how about you	hello there , how are you ?	hey i am fine how about you	i am amazing about to start college	oh what major are you going for	i am amazing about to start college
dull-1477	hi i work at a pet place , where do you work at ?	hi , i am an accountant . i have got two kids . do you have kids ?	hi i work at a pet place , where do you work at ?	hi , i am an accountant . i have got two kids . do you have kids ?	no , i am into music , a musician and i work at a pet place	cool ! what instrument do you play ?	the piano , i am a pianist like the movie . whats your favorite band ?	wow , i love piano . i do not listen to music these days though . i hike !	me too i love running	how long have you been a runner ?	for about 3 years , what do you listen to while hiking ?	the birds singing and the wind whistling . so what state are you in ?	i am in new york city , i love listening to nirvana while i run	yeah , i love nirvana ! where does one run in new york city ? i am in ohio .	i run in the park , duh , where else ?	lol , yeah . so what is it like living there ? i visited once and loved it .	it smells like pizza and rude people , overall i fit right in	Wow.
dull-1478	hello , how are you tonight ?	hi i am good . how are you	hello , how are you tonight ?	hi i am good . how are you	very well , thank you . waiting to go do a little hunting in a few .	hunting would be fun , but i only have the one leg after my accident .	i am sorry to hear that . i hunt for food , my sister lives a few houses over .	gotta live , right ? ! i get way too tired way too fast	we hike a lot , and then go to church on sunday . do you attend ?	i do . being an older guy , i keep my faith in god strong	that is how my daddy raised me as well .	good to hear others still have faith .	it is . do you have any pets ?	2 dogs , 2 cats , and 2 bearded dragons .	that sounds fun . i only have a dog .	i love having pets . they keep me busy .	that sounds fun . i only have a dog .
dull-1479	hello i am a real estate agent in canada where are you ?	I don't have a good answer to that.
dull-1480	hello ! what do you do for a living ?	i am in school studying law	hello ! what do you do for a living ?	i am in school studying law	really ? so am i ! i want to be a lawyer .	i am the only child of lawyer parents . hopefully i will be successful .	where do you live while in school ? i live with my girlfriend and dog , max .	i live in texas . i have two years left . then off i go	fun ! do you have any hobbies ?	swimming . you ? student life does not leave me much free time .	my free time is also very limited i try to travel as much as possible , though .	are you currently in school ?	yes i am in law school .	was not sure if you travel alot . where are you studying ?	I don't know what you mean by that.
dull-1481	hi , how are you doing today ?	i am tired . i went for a run . how are you ?	hi , how are you doing today ?	i am tired . i went for a run . how are you ?	i remember running . used to be great exercise .	yeah . as a musician i try to stay in shape for my image	i used to play the guitar back in my day . what do you play ?	i also play the guitar . i sing as well	what kind of music ? good old country western ?	actually yes . who is your favorite band ?	little big town . who do you like ?	That question does not make sense to me.
dull-1482	hi , can i paint you ?	sure ! but do not paint me with a cat , i hate cats .	hi , can i paint you ?	sure ! but do not paint me with a cat , i hate cats .	why ? i was going to paint you with taylor swift .	i do not like taylor swift , my dad is always listening to her music and i do not get along with my dad .	i guess i cannot marry you . is your dad single ? i love her .	how about paint a picture of me eating onion rings ? i love onions . . . lol	onions are nasty . you can be nasty too . i will paint you with crispy skins .	I am very happy to hear that.
dull-1483	hello , how are you today ?	hi , my mother and i own a restaurant . you like pizza ?	hello , how are you today ?	hi , my mother and i own a restaurant . you like pizza ?	i do not like pizza . i work as a bodybuilder and can not eat carbs	hmmm . i see . there are seven siblings in my home .	wow that is a lot ! i only have a brother	older brother or younger ? what foods can you love that are not carbs ?	younger brother , and veggies haha	oh okay . i like ghost love stories .	never heard of them . i work as part time as a doctor	great sometimes i wish dracula would bite my neck .	well you should go find him ! he might	i think i will . you sing while body building ? you know they make veggie pizzas ?	Let me think what I have to say about that!
dull-1484	hey . how are you ? tell me something about you ?	hi , here is not much to me other than i like to stay at home	hey . how are you ? tell me something about you ?	hi , here is not much to me other than i like to stay at home	as a homeschooled student , i am home as well .	hi , here is not much to me other than i like to stay at home
dull-1485	hello , how are you today ?	good . i am just painting a picture of my horses .	hello , how are you today ?	good . i am just painting a picture of my horses .	i love horses ! do you have a farm ?	no , just two horses which i love .	i live in seattle in an apartment . i do not have room for an apartment .	you mean room for a horse , right ?	oops , yes . also , i could not afford to take care of a horse .	i live in a city too but board them nearby .	that is cool . i just got out of college . i do have a cat though .	i do not but like them . i just have my horses .	do you ride the horses ?	Wow, great question!
dull-1486	hello , how are you , how is day ?	pretty good thanks and you ?	hello , how are you , how is day ?	pretty good thanks and you ?	i fine thanks , my dream is fashion designer , and you ?	i have lots of dreams but work at mcdonalds	what is your hobbies and dreams ?	i run fast that is about it	are you married parson or single ?	i am single . i dropped out of school	I see.
dull-1487	how is your day going so far ?	good , just gardening in my large garden !	how is your day going so far ?	good , just gardening in my large garden !	that sounds fun ! i am tending to my meat rabbits	meat rabbits ? do you like traveling ? i love it	i hike and camp in the mountains does that count ?	yes , definitely . i have been to 6 countries actually .	i enjoy meat , find it healthier to raise and butcher myself	that sounds so harsh , but i like meat as well . i guess i get it	i enjoy meat , find it healthier to raise and butcher myself
dull-1488	hello , how are you tonight ? do you know where edris island is ?	i do not . i work in an animal shelter tho . i am the cleaner there .	hello , how are you tonight ? do you know where edris island is ?	i do not . i work in an animal shelter tho . i am the cleaner there .	that is okay , i have a dog , ralph .	i love dogs . i like them better than humans at times .	same here . my parents passed and it is only my sister and i .	you like music ? simple plan is my fav . band .	my favorite is oomph . have you heard of them ?	no i have not . what genre are they ?	metal , they are german . do not let the name fool you , they are good .	very cool . metal is cool .	it is . what else do you do ?	That question does not make sense to me.
dull-1489	hi how are you today	hey there i am fine and you ?	hi how are you today	hey there i am fine and you ?	pretty good what is your favorite color ?	i love black , blue , red , gold , golden rose .	very nice were you born early	i was born in day time . you ?	i was born very late at night	how old are you if you want to share	i am not sure really . you ?	haha how come you do not know your ages .	other people do not know either ?	lol we all know our ages . i am 24	i see . are you married ?	i am not married , i am single are you married ?	That is cool.
dull-1490	hey ! how are you tonight ?	i am good and you ?	hey ! how are you tonight ?	i am good and you ?	tired . just got back from my job at the research facility .	wow that is nice ! do you like old generation music ?	i do . i listen to it when i do my other gig as an artist .	when are you planning to retired ? i try to retired in the next 5 years	oh i got a way to go . being only 5 feet tall i have to work harder .	Nice!
dull-1491	hi there , how are you doing today ?	hey there ! i am freaking out about nature and the environment !	hi there , how are you doing today ?	hey there ! i am freaking out about nature and the environment !	i go running for a hours a day so global warming is a concern too	nice ! i also make my own clothes , it helps as well .	do you diet ? i ask because dieting is part of my livelihood .	well i did just adopt a cat from the street . . . i could eat it for my diet	lol , i have a couple cats and a pup myself , but i meant diet	i do not have a problem with eating animals	do you ever read cookbooks for dieting ? i wrote one myself .	no , but i do sing folk songs . i could sing one about dieting for you ?	that might help my books sales ! do you read for fun ?	That is cool.
dull-1492	hey how are you ?	i just got home from a nice nature hike . do you like the outdoors ?	hey how are you ?	i just got home from a nice nature hike . do you like the outdoors ?	yes i love the outdoors since i am usually stuck inside for work	hiking gives me inspiration for my drawing class . do you like art ?	i like music my favorite is rush , music is like art right ?	yes ! what kind of work do you do indoors ?	i sell space in data centers so i do not have any windows	i would put wierd stickers all over the walls ! do you have any hobbies ?	i like to go to different music concerts , what about you ?	i collect stickers , i try all kinds of strange food . can you recommend any strange food ?	i been eating cow tongue lately it is yummy	i have never tried that , but my wife would hate it . are you married ?	i been eating cow tongue lately it is yummy
dull-1493	hey there how are you ? it was beautiful saturday my friend got married !	i am doing great ! i am just currently exploring with my sea creature friends !	hey there how are you ? it was beautiful saturday my friend got married !	i am doing great ! i am just currently exploring with my sea creature friends !	That is cool.
dull-1494	how are you doing today	i am great ! i am sarah ! how are you today ?	how are you doing today	i am great ! i am sarah ! how are you today ?	i am great listening to john denver	that sounds like fun . i am researching for my next trip .	where are you going to	going back to asia , just can not decide the destination . any hobbies ? i love travel .	what is it like ther	i love the culture . its very rich and diverse . i spent half of college there .	what is it like ther
dull-1495	i have the world record for the most tattoos	that is awesome ! i am retiring in five years .	i have the world record for the most tattoos	that is awesome ! i am retiring in five years .	you should get a tattoo to celebrate ! !	i have them , my favorite is of a barbecue pit .	oh i like that . my favorite is the one in my right nostril .	i play racquetball , maybe i should get one of that .	oh i like that . my favorite is the one in my right nostril .
dull-1496	hey , what do you do for living	i m in a band , i m the lead singer	hey , what do you do for living	i m in a band , i m the lead singer
dull-1497	hello , what music you listen to , i love rap	hello , how are you tonight ? i am in a band , actually	hello , what music you listen to , i love rap	hello , how are you tonight ? i am in a band , actually	That is a great question.
dull-1498	hi , tracy here . divorce , two kids , ex named doug .	hi , its good you are part of your kids lives i did not know my mother .	hi , tracy here . divorce , two kids , ex named doug .
dull-1499	hey ! how are you ? i am so excited that i just graduated from rn school .	hello . congratulations ! do you have any pets ?	hey ! how are you ? i am so excited that i just graduated from rn school .	I like that.
dull-1500	hello . i am eating sausage and bacon for breakfast . what are you having ?	I don't have a good answer to that.
dull-1501	i just found out my friend is getting married . i do not know if that is good or bad	that is great ! family is awesome . mine lives down the street from me .	i just found out my friend is getting married . i do not know if that is good or bad	that is great ! family is awesome . mine lives down the street from me .	i was just at my other friends wedding last week but not me , i am single	are you conservative ? i am .	That question does not make sense to me.
dull-1502	hi , want to go shopping with me ?	i am sorry my left leg is in a lot of pain so i can not	hi , want to go shopping with me ?	i am sorry my left leg is in a lot of pain so i can not	wow . i am a nurse . i can help you	is helping people a hobby of yours ? mine is riding horses	no , but i am a nurse . it is my job .	interesting i hope to retire soon from my current job	when you retire , we could go shopping	that would be great i look forward to it	i will have nurse money by then	if you could do anything in the world what would you do ?	I don't know what you mean by that.
dull-1503	hi ! it is nice to meet you .	nice to meet you too ! what is your name ?	hi ! it is nice to meet you .	nice to meet you too ! what is your name ?	hi ! it is nice to meet you .
dull-1504	how are you doing today ?	hey i am fine how about yourself	how are you doing today ?	Wow, great question!
dull-1505	hi i am 14 years old how old are you	i am a 40 year old man .	hi i am 14 years old how old are you	i am a 40 year old man .	i can not wait to see your age i am still a young man in middle school	you should enjoy being young . what do you want to do when you finish school ?	i want to be an big time movie actor what career are you in	i do maintenance and repair on homes . do you plan on attending college ?	yes i want to attend a broadway school pink floyd encouraged that	that is a great option to further your acting career . what do you enjoy doing for fun ?	i like to also play the piano what interest you	i enjoy finding old cars and making them new again . what is your favorite food ?	That is a great question.
dull-1506	hello there . where are you from ?	i am so excited i just got engaged !	hello there . where are you from ?	i am so excited i just got engaged !	congratulations ! how old are yoy ?	the united states . how about you ?	usa also . i live in pennsylvania	i am 30 years old . what is your favorite sport ?	i love football . what is your favorite sport .	i like soccer . i like watching it on tv .	do you like watching mls or prefer world cup ?	world cup if i had to choose . are you married ?	i am not . i am a single 25 year old .	what is your favorite food or restaurant ?	i am not . i am a single 25 year old .
dull-1507	i am very creative , i love taking on diy projects .	i am not very crafty but i like to write	i am very creative , i love taking on diy projects .	i am not very crafty but i like to write	i like staying active . i walk at least a mile everyday .	wow . i like to work out too . we can be friends	i like staying active . i walk at least a mile everyday .	i have all these yummy healthy recipes . i wrote a cookbook	what do you like to do for fun ?	i like to read . plays mostly	wow , that sounds exciting .	it is a good way to unwind .	do you have any pets ?	a dog and 2 cute kitties how about you ?	i have a very sassy siamese cat named ni hao	That is good.
dull-1508	hello hope you are having a great day ?	hello there . it is okay , one of the horses kicked me .	hello hope you are having a great day ?	hello there . it is okay , one of the horses kicked me .	Wow.
dull-1509	i just got back from a bike ride with my grandchildren .	that sounds lovely ! have you ever taken them to the zoo ? i love zoos !	i just got back from a bike ride with my grandchildren .	that sounds lovely ! have you ever taken them to the zoo ? i love zoos !	zoos are awesome ! i adopted my cat from the zoo	what kind of cat ? i do not have any pets .	I don't know what you mean by that.
dull-1510	hello hope you having a good day ? will you chat with me awhile ?	That question does not make sense to me.
dull-1511	hello , how are you this evening ?	hi , animal lover here , two hound dogs and a trio of cats .	hello , how are you this evening ?	hi , animal lover here , two hound dogs and a trio of cats .	oh wow . you have a lot of animals . ever eat polar bear ?	never ! do you like music ? i love barry manila , he is my favorite .	i do not . i explore the artic and love podcasts .	i am studying to be a teacher , following in my parents footsteps . and you ?	i study the ice shelves and things like that .	That is great.
dull-1512	hi , did you finish high school ? i never did	i did , how are you doing ?	hi , did you finish high school ? i never did	i did , how are you doing ?	That is a great question.
dull-1513	hi , how are you doing today ?	i am tired . i went for a run . how are you ?	hi , how are you doing today ?	i am tired . i went for a run . how are you ?	i remember running . used to be great exercise .	yeah . as a musician i try to stay in shape for my image	i used to play the guitar back in my day . what do you play ?	i also play the guitar . i sing as well	That is amazing.
dull-1514	how is your day going so far ?	good , just gardening in my large garden !	how is your day going so far ?	good , just gardening in my large garden !	Nice!
dull-1515	how is this lovely evening treating you ?	That is a great question.
dull-1516	hi , i was a geology teacher awhile ago , please tell me something interesting about you	hey there what you up too	hi , i was a geology teacher awhile ago , please tell me something interesting about you	hey there what you up too	nothing much , i just got done finishing arctic exploring , ice fishing and stuff	cool , my mom had a hard job as a army nurse	is she still working there ?	no thank god , i kind of got a cat it was a stray	is that your passions cat ? i like to find long lost arctic explorers	no it is not mine is clothes an singing folk music	well whatever keeps your mind active , i was a geology teacher and it was boring	i bet it is lol	yeah that is why i am in the arctic , i feel super bad	your students were in what grade ?	i did not do good , i failed most of my classes and i am dyslexic	why ? it is freezing there	I don't know what you mean by that.
dull-1517	hi i am darlene and my family comes from canada .	hello how are you today ?	hi i am darlene and my family comes from canada .	hello how are you today ?	i am good , i love music especially country , how about you ?	That is a good question.
dull-1518	hey there how is it going	hi . not too bad . how about you	hey there how is it going	hi . not too bad . how about you	i am having a great day	glad to hear it . do you like dogs ?	Wow, great question!
dull-1519	hi i am darlene and my family comes from canada .	hello how are you today ?	hi i am darlene and my family comes from canada .
dull-1520	hey . how are you ? tell me something about you ?	hi , here is not much to me other than i like to stay at home	hey . how are you ? tell me something about you ?	That is a great question.
dull-1521	hi ! do you have any hobbies ?	mostly playing poker . what about you ?	hi ! do you have any hobbies ?	Wow.
dull-1522	hello i love living in new york	hello , do they have great italian restaurants like they do in italy there ?	hello i love living in new york	hello , do they have great italian restaurants like they do in italy there ?	yes and i love to eat	i love to travel , i am hoping to take my dog with me to europe .	i love music and dislike sweets	i love to travel , i am hoping to take my dog with me to europe .
dull-1523	hello , how are you tonight ?	how are you doing this late night let us chat .	hello , how are you tonight ?	how are you doing this late night let us chat .	i am doing very well . i have biology homework .	oh i do not think i could do that was never to good in the study .	i do not party , nor do i drink .	wonderful cool but i did get my diploma from school to college .	very nice . do you travel a lot ?	so so i used to travel a lot from new jersey to atlantic city .	is atlantic city nice ? i heard it was kind of trashy now .	That is a great question.
dull-1524	hi how are you ? i feel woozy . someone must have spiked my iced tea	sorry to hear that . i feel great just finished working out .	hi how are you ? i feel woozy . someone must have spiked my iced tea	sorry to hear that . i feel great just finished working out .
dull-1525	hi . whew just took the bus back from work . new york traffic is crazy .	hello , so i hear ! i am retiring in five years and will see for myself .	hi . whew just took the bus back from work . new york traffic is crazy .	hello , so i hear ! i am retiring in five years and will see for myself .	yeah . planning to visit the big apple , eh ?	among other places . then , international travel .	That is great.
dull-1526	hello ! i hope you have heard of the band rush	yes . i listen to them as i recover from surgery .	hello ! i hope you have heard of the band rush	yes . i listen to them as i recover from surgery .	neil peart is an incredible drummer . i listen to them while i do graphic design	cool . he is . like me , he eats sardines for breakfast daily .	that is a tough item to swallow first thing in the morning .	yeah , i have to because i never finished hogh school .	well that is something to learn from . maybe get a job in sales like me	maybe , only if i can play frisbee with my two large dogs .	well that is something to learn from . maybe get a job in sales like me
dull-1527	hey what are your interests ?	i love the mall , shopping is my hobby . do you have any ?	hey what are your interests ?	i love the mall , shopping is my hobby . do you have any ?	yes i love concerts and singing	really ? me too , are you in a relationship ? i am not as of yet .	yes i love concerts and singing
dull-1528	hey , tell me about yourself ?	i work out a lot ; i am a bodybuilder . how about you ?	hey , tell me about yourself ?	i work out a lot ; i am a bodybuilder . how about you ?	i love to read and cook . my wife and i are republicans and we have kids .	that is cool , i have got a brother but no kids yet .	what do you do for a living ?	just bodybuilding on youtube and stuff . what do you do ?	i am a teacher , it is a rewarding job .	what do you like to cook ? i love all kids of meat .	i make mostly vegetarian dishes but love steak .	yeah , my mom is a vegetarian . she works as a secretary .	i make mostly vegetarian dishes but love steak .
dull-1529	hello there . where are you from ?	i am from canada . how about you ?	hello there . where are you from ?	i am from canada . how about you ?	interesting . i am from pennsylvania in the us .	wow , how is it there ?	it is okay . nothing special !	do you get into politics ?	it is okay . nothing special !
dull-1530	hello ! i hope you have heard of the band rush	yes . i listen to them as i recover from surgery .	hello ! i hope you have heard of the band rush	yes . i listen to them as i recover from surgery .	neil peart is an incredible drummer . i listen to them while i do graphic design	cool . he is . like me , he eats sardines for breakfast daily .	that is a tough item to swallow first thing in the morning .	yeah , i have to because i never finished hogh school .	well that is something to learn from . maybe get a job in sales like me	maybe , only if i can play frisbee with my two large dogs .	are their names bruce and willis	that is amazing . how did you guess ?	us omnivores just know a thing or two about bruce willis	I am very happy to hear that.
dull-1531	hi how are you today	i am well , studying for an exam	hi how are you today	i am well , studying for an exam	for college or for what ?	yes college . working on a degree in marine biology	nice i love fish and that stuff	sounds fun , unlike kids my age i do not drink , smoke or party	straight edge is the way to go minor threat says	i guess . what do you do	i just go to the gym all day really	you must be very strong then	yeah but i am single .	trying to find a mate at the gym ?	I don't know what you mean by that.
dull-1532	hi , how are you tonight ?	doing pretty good . spent most the night at church . you ?	hi , how are you tonight ?	doing pretty good . spent most the night at church . you ?	I don't know what you mean by that.
dull-1533	hello , how are you tonight ?	i am well . and yourself ?	That question does not make sense to me.
dull-1534	i just found out my friend is getting married . i do not know if that is good or bad	that is great ! family is awesome . mine lives down the street from me .	i just found out my friend is getting married . i do not know if that is good or bad	that is great ! family is awesome . mine lives down the street from me .	i was just at my other friends wedding last week but not me , i am single	are you conservative ? i am .	all of my family is an hour away . i moved for a better job in sales	hopefully the pay is worth it ! do you like ford or chevy ? my truck is a ford .	conservative is just one of those words used by the media . its all the same	i disagree . every sunday i am in church . generally the more conservative are there .	both are good but i want one of the new tesla electric cars .	oh , an electric car would be cool . that would be good for the environment .	i go to church for weddings like my friends last week but i am not religious	i understand . organized religion is not for everyone .	i think they will all be electric soon . electric cars were first before gas	oh really ? i did not know that .	i am a care salesman so i know a lot about all inds of cars	That is amazing.
dull-1535	hi there , how are you today ?	i am great ! just got home from working with dogs all day !	hi there , how are you today ?	i am great ! just got home from working with dogs all day !	oh you have dogs ? i have two chow chow .	i love dogs ! i have dogs and i get to train them at work , too !	i wish i could take my dogs out . i just had a surgery not long ago .	i hope you feel better soon . what do you like to do for fun ?	i wish i could take my dogs out . i just had a surgery not long ago .
dull-1536	hello , how are you tonight ? are you watching the office	That is a good question.
dull-1537	hi how are you today ?	great . and how are you doing	hi how are you today ?	great . and how are you doing	i am well great at multi tasking are you ? i like to use trash for projects	That question does not make sense to me.
dull-1538	hello . what do you love to do ?	i love to hunt an i have 3 guns , you ?	hello . what do you love to do ?	i love to hunt an i have 3 guns , you ?	yeah i am in the army .	cool , do you drive any big trucks ? i have a ford pick up	yes . the army trucks are big here in south korea .	Nice!
dull-1539	barbecue is my favorite food to cook .	oh no , i do not like barbecue because i do not like to eat animals .	barbecue is my favorite food to cook .	oh no , i do not like barbecue because i do not like to eat animals .	what do you like to eat ? maybe i need to do the same .	oh no , i do not like barbecue because i do not like to eat animals .
dull-1540	hi ! i just got back from a run . what are you doing ?	hello , i am just playing some online poker .	hi ! i just got back from a run . what are you doing ?	hello , i am just playing some online poker .	i can not afford to gamble . i work at a fast food restaurant .	oh okay , that is too bad , i work as a carpenter .	i can not afford to gamble . i work at a fast food restaurant .
dull-1541	hi there how are you doing ?	i am doing ok how about you	hi there how are you doing ?	i am doing ok how about you	i am good just got home from work .	i am doing ok how about you
dull-1542	hey there how are you ?	i am doing great ! just eating dinner .	hey there how are you ?	i am doing great ! just eating dinner .	just got my nails done in my fav color	wow , i bet they look nice .	like sports ? love the buckeyes	i love sports too ! i enjoy camping .	yes they actually do look nice , the girls all ask at work	that is good . i have to drive my mom to work tomorrow .	i hate the ocean , swimming or anything with water	i like the ocean . i like camping and hiking better .	i do not too scared to do that i like gardening	my mom loves gardening . i help her sometimes .	what is she growing now ?	she grows carrots . i would rather listen to music in my truck .	Wow.
dull-1543	hello there , what is up ?	not too much . i just got done working out at the gym .	hello there , what is up ?	not too much . i just got done working out at the gym .	Awesome!
dull-1544	hey there how are you ? it was beautiful saturday my friend got married !	i am doing great ! i am just currently exploring with my sea creature friends !	hey there how are you ? it was beautiful saturday my friend got married !	i am doing great ! i am just currently exploring with my sea creature friends !	i love bands especially rush	i like rush as well , i have to see them whenever i can above the sea .	what kind of sea creatures ? i like to draw online its a hobby	well starfish , jellyfish , squids , fish , they are all my friends !	really ? i like to do anything in sales , that is my field	that sounds awesome , i have a tail as feet , so i can not work .	are you a fish ? i am also a omnivore	no , i am not , i do have long wavy hair though !	you are a mermaid ! wow ! cool let me see you	i wish i could let you see me , i have to eat dinner with my family though .	really ? oh what do you eat ?	Wow, great question!
dull-1545	hey there how are you ?	i am doing great ! just eating dinner .	hey there how are you ?	i am doing great ! just eating dinner .	just got my nails done in my fav color	wow , i bet they look nice .	like sports ? love the buckeyes	i love sports too ! i enjoy camping .	yes they actually do look nice , the girls all ask at work	that is good . i have to drive my mom to work tomorrow .	i hate the ocean , swimming or anything with water	i like the ocean . i like camping and hiking better .	i do not too scared to do that i like gardening	my mom loves gardening . i help her sometimes .	i do not too scared to do that i like gardening
dull-1546	good night , are you a police officer	yes , i would like to arrest you . also draw art on the side .	good night , are you a police officer	yes , i would like to arrest you . also draw art on the side .	haha i not going back to jail	you have to , unless you want to clean out the research cages for me .	lol , i want you to arrest my best friend	are their toes webbed like mine are ?	lol no i do not think so	five feet tall here and packing guns like a monster .	do you have kids of your own	five feet tall here and packing guns like a monster .
dull-1547	hello , how are you today ?	hi , my mother and i own a restaurant . you like pizza ?	I like that.
dull-1548	hi how are you today	good just tired . i just got back from a long day of work . how are you ?	hi how are you today	good just tired . i just got back from a long day of work . how are you ?	i just went hiking also tired	that sounds like fun ! i love the outdoors . i especially like gardening	do you ever go camping ?	yes as long as the campsite is not near lakes or rivers ! do you ?	are you afraid of water then ?	yes , ever since i was a kid . what about you ? any crazy phobias ?	nothing really sorry to let you down	that is good ! what are you doing right now ? i am watching the game	what is the score to it ? listening to music	14 10 . my boys the ohio state buckeyes are up by 4 ! what music ?	Awesome!
dull-1549	hello how are you tonight ?	good evening , i swear i am exhausted	hello how are you tonight ?	Wow, great question!
dull-1550	hello , how are you this evening ?	i am great thanks , and you ?	hello , how are you this evening ?	That is a great question.
dull-1551	hey ! how are you tonight ?	That is a good question.
dull-1552	hi how are you doing	i am well . how about you ?	hi how are you doing	i am well . how about you ?	i am good getting ready for work	me too . what do you do for a living ?	i am a lawyer long hours	i get that ! i am a doctor . pediatrics to be exact . do anything for fun ?	I don't have a good answer to that.
dull-1553	hey there how is it going	hi . not too bad . how about you	hey there how is it going	hi . not too bad . how about you	i am having a great day	glad to hear it . do you like dogs ?	i prefer horses over dogs	yeah dogs scare me . i prefer horses too	i fell off my horse now i my left leg hurts me	hope youre okay . i just turned 32 and am still single . that hurts too haha	i never shave my facial hair	to each their own . i love to read . do you ?	i like romance movies and books	I am happy for you!
dull-1554	hi there ! how are you today ?	i am very good thank you , tell me about yourself ?	hi there ! how are you today ?	i am very good thank you , tell me about yourself ?	i just completed my rn . what do you do ?	thanks cool , i am park ranger i hike in nature for my job	oh wow that is amazing . i cannot wait to get a full time nursing job !	i bet what are some of your hobbies ?	i love to go clothes shopping . what about you ?	I don't know what you mean by that.
dull-1555	hi how are you tonight	pretty good and you tonight ?	hi how are you tonight	pretty good and you tonight ?	hanging out with my army buddies	nice what are you doing together ?	relaxing after a long day in the field	what did you do there ?	just war training , what did you do today ?	just went to my classes really	I am happy for you!
dull-1556	hey , how are you today ?	i hate my weight from my three kids	I am happy for you!
dull-1557	hello , how are you doing tonight ?	i am well an loving this interaction how are you ?	hello , how are you doing tonight ?	i am well an loving this interaction how are you ?	i am great . i just got back from the club .	this is my favorite time of the year season wise	i would rather eat chocolate cake during this season .	what club did you go to ? me an timothy watched tv	i went to club chino . what show are you watching ?	lol oh okay kind of random	do you live in a house or apartment ?	we watched a show about animals like him	i love those shows . i am really craving cake .	we watched a show about animals like him
dull-1558	hi there . i am a hair dresser . want to chat ?	hi , sure if you stop cutting womens hair so short	hi there . i am a hair dresser . want to chat ?	hi , sure if you stop cutting womens hair so short	but i am so used to cutting hair short , i give my three dogs buzz cuts .	i am a chef and i can cook good but i am not happy about my weight .	oh a chef can you make me a cheese pizza ? i am starving !	short hair is ok for guys and dogs but my husband hates it on women .	i have short hair but i may grow it out for my fave holiday christmas .	i can make 5 different kinds depending what cheese and toppings	i just prefer a plain cheese pizza .	i can make 5 different kinds depending what cheese and toppings
dull-1559	hello , how are you ? do you play poke ?	hi . i am doing great thanks for asking . i do play poker sometimes .	hello , how are you ? do you play poke ?	hi . i am doing great thanks for asking . i do play poker sometimes .	it is so relaxing , i am stressed from college . running does not always help relieve it .	sorry to hear . i walk a lot since i hike in the nature . do you hike ?	Wow, great question!
dull-1560	hello how are you doing today ?	not too bad . a little sad , but such is life .	hello how are you doing today ?	not too bad . a little sad , but such is life .	why are you sad today did something happen ?	just need to lose some weight . having 3 kids will do that .	oh i can only imagine i decided long ago that i did not want kids .	smart choice ! do you like to cook ? i would be a great chef lol	no not really . so many good places to eat at in the big apple	i want to go there , but with me on days and hubby nights , it s not feasible .	its amazing my dream is to act but for now i will stick to modeling	sounds great ? do you have any pets ? we have a family cat .	no . i am always traveling for work so hard to keep an animal .	very true . what else do you like to do ?	That is a great question.
dull-1561	hi , how are you this morning ?	i am fine . i am getting off my job just now .	Nice!
dull-1562	hello , how are you this morning ? did you get your walk in yet ?	hello i am fine i cannot walk i am disabled	hello , how are you this morning ? did you get your walk in yet ?	hello i am fine i cannot walk i am disabled	I see.
dull-1563	hi how are you doing	very good , how are you today ?	hi how are you doing	very good , how are you today ?	i am good just made breakfast	yummy ! i love to cook , but that makes me unhappy about my weight	oh that is too bad you should find some yummy healthy recipes	yes i should , but my three kids like junk food lol	haha of course they do maybe sneak in healthy things in their dinner	it is hard to eat together , since i work days and my husband works overnights	oh wow that sounds like a busy schedule	do you have any pets ? we have cats , which we love	no but i want to get a dog	that would be nice , i love dogs too .	yeah they are really great but can sometimes be a lot of work	that would be nice , i love dogs too .
dull-1564	hello . i hope you are having a good evening .	hello how are you doing	hello . i hope you are having a good evening .	hello how are you doing	well , thank you . do you like onions ? i love them .	no ? so were do you live	with my dad . we do not get along . he has cats and i do not like them .	That is very interesting.
dull-1565	i am getting hungry , how about you ?	i just ate with my two boys . i am a single mom .	That is very interesting.
dull-1566	hey do you like dancing ?	love it . that is the one thing i miss since graduating college . you ?	hey do you like dancing ?	love it . that is the one thing i miss since graduating college . you ?	i love dancing ! what did you take in college ?	nursing . it was super hard because i spent a lot of time playing soccer too .	wow that sounds like a lot to balance out . were you any good at soccer ?	yes , i was great . do you play sports ?	if fishing counts . i fish on edris island where i live	how cool . i wish i had time . i am stuck in an office all day	aw you should try to make a trip sometime .	hopefully . whats your name ?	my name is sam you ?	lucy ! like the tv show . nice to meet you	nice to meet you too . do you have any pets ?	lucy ! like the tv show . nice to meet you
dull-1567	hi , can i paint you ?	sure ! but do not paint me with a cat , i hate cats .	hi , can i paint you ?	That is a good question.
dull-1568	hey there w are you ?	pretty good . my three daughters and i just saw heart in concert .	hey there w are you ?	pretty good . my three daughters and i just saw heart in concert .	Nice!
dull-1569	hi , do you have sons ? i have two .	a younger brother and no children is all . besides dad	hi , do you have sons ? i have two .	Wow, great question!
dull-1570	hello , how are you today ?	i am doing very well , just came back from walking my dogs .	hello , how are you today ?	i am doing very well , just came back from walking my dogs .	what kind of dogs ? i have a couple cats .	i am doing very well , just came back from walking my dogs .
dull-1571	hey . how are you ? tell me something about you ?	hi , here is not much to me other than i like to stay at home	hey . how are you ? tell me something about you ?	hi , here is not much to me other than i like to stay at home	as a homeschooled student , i am home as well .	yeah , i do not really like to do anything but sit down and watch tv	one of my interests in engineering . i built my best friend .	that is nice . i do not like any kind of physical activity	you should get out more . being sedentary leads to obesity	i tried but i do not like exercising .	where are you from ? i find location may be the reason you are a home body .	that is what my loving husband says that i am	well if likes it i love it	that is what my loving husband says that i am
dull-1572	i just ran around when it s about paranormal	whoa ! that is freaky ! how is that done ?	I don't know what you mean by that.
dull-1573	hi how are you doing	i quit high school and i run marathons . hi !	hi how are you doing	i quit high school and i run marathons . hi !	wow is that what you want to do forever	no i work at wendys in florida . do you have a dog ?	ho i am a doctor do not have time for pets	what kind of doctor ? you exercise ? i am runner .	Let me think what I have to say about that!
dull-1574	hello . i am eating sausage and bacon for breakfast . what are you having ?	i just finished bacon and pancakes .	hello . i am eating sausage and bacon for breakfast . what are you having ?	i just finished bacon and pancakes .	as a doctor i should know to eat less bacon but it is just so god	that is true . i am studying to become a fashion designer .	so cool ! since i am into bodybuilding i do not wear many clothes	i lifted weights in prison . i did some time for stealing .	oh so did my brother . my secretary mom was so upset about it	my parents do not care about me . they are hardly ever around .	i am sorry to hear that . do you have any siblings or kids ?	i would love to be a mom but i am trying to turn my life around .	That is amazing.
dull-1575	hello , how are you ? i am so bored !	I don't know what you mean by that.
dull-1576	hello , how are you today ?	i am pretty good ! glad work is over . how are you ?	hello , how are you today ?	i am pretty good ! glad work is over . how are you ?	i am ok . what do you do for work ?	my company rents out properties . what do you do ?	That is cool.
dull-1577	hey , nice to meet you . how are you doing today ? anything fun ?	nice to meet you . i am doing well , i just went shopping .	hey , nice to meet you . how are you doing today ? anything fun ?	nice to meet you . i am doing well , i just went shopping .	that is good , how was shopping , buy anything ?	i bought some nice clothes , a new pair of jeans . what about you ?	going on a walk soon with my dogs on the mountain near my house .	i do not have any pets but sometimes i go on walks with my sister .	i just love animals . 3 cats 2 dogs . how old are you ?	i am 23 . how about you ?	i am 34 years old . what else do you like to do for fun ?	not much else , i just graduated from nursing school . i was focused on that .	that is awesome ! i am a teacher , like both of my parents . i respect nurses	yea , i am really excited to get a job as a full time nurse .	that is awesome ! i am a teacher , like both of my parents . i respect nurses
dull-1578	i love riding horses in this weather . do you have any fun hobbies ?	i enjoy barbecue , and weight lifting .	i love riding horses in this weather . do you have any fun hobbies ?	i enjoy barbecue , and weight lifting .	i used to do some weight lifting before i injured my leg .	i am very tall , it is the only thing i can comfortably do .	i injured it in college and again last year falling off a horse .	i have never ridden a horse , is it difficult ?	now i am old and it hurts every day . i have to keep it propped up	i drive a forklift and i have to prop mine up as well .	its easy to ride . i love riding them as long as i do not fall off again .	what else do you do for fun ?	I don't know what you mean by that.
dull-1579	hi ! how are you tonight ?	good ! how are you doing ?	hi ! how are you tonight ?	good ! how are you doing ?	i am great ! just got home from choir practice .	welcome home . i got home awhile ago from my hair stylist job .	choir is just for fun . i am a mentor for troubled teens .	sounds like an important job . what do you do for fun ?	softball and choir take up most of my free time . you ?	i really love to watch football every sunday .	i enjoy watching football when there is a wide array of food involved !	oh i like to eat cheese pizza while i watch as it is a favorite of mine .	italian food is what i would choose !	oh i like to eat cheese pizza while i watch as it is a favorite of mine .
dull-1580	hey ! lucy here , what is your name ?	my name is sam short for sammie	hey ! lucy here , what is your name ?	my name is sam short for sammie	nice to meet you ! oh no my boss is coming !	oh you have a boss , i can not work due to disability	so sorry ! yes , my old soccer coach wife , i am her secretary	that must make work fun	so sorry ! yes , my old soccer coach wife , i am her secretary
dull-1581	hey there whats for dinner for you ? i want pizza	i am cooking s vegan tuscan pasta tonight !	hey there whats for dinner for you ? i want pizza	i am cooking s vegan tuscan pasta tonight !	i love going to my moms restaurant for pizza its soooo good	i love pizza too but i cook it myself since i enjoy cooking . do you work ?	i do not work really i am the youngest of 6 but older then 1	oh cool ! i do not work right now . . i am on disability . . just had a baby !	i am so excited , my mom hates it lol	haha what kind of music do you enjoy ? i like country !	i kind of stutter when i am geeked lol an yes i like it all	whats geeked ? i like everything except gospel	i love to read especially romantic books	sounds boring . i hate to read it sucks	whats wrong with gospel lol , geeked is excited .	sounds boring . i hate to read it sucks
dull-1582	howdy how are we doing tonight i am fine what about your self ?	That is a great question.
dull-1583	hi , how are you today ?	doing great , how are you ?	hi , how are you today ?	doing great , how are you ?	Awesome!
dull-1584	hey there how are you now ?	hello how are you today	hey there how are you now ?	hello how are you today	That is cool.
dull-1585	hi there , how are you ?	i am well . how are you	hi there , how are you ?	i am well . how are you	i am good . what do you like to do for fun ?	i sing in a popular band here in town . you ?	i work for a technology company .	interesting . you must be smart	i have a degree in computer science .	interesting . you must be smart
dull-1586	i am drunk on scotch right now , you ?	i cannot afford alcohol . i can barely afford to pay my other bills each month .	i am drunk on scotch right now , you ?	i cannot afford alcohol . i can barely afford to pay my other bills each month .	i use to work at the local carnival , i can understand a tight budget	i work as a kindergarten teacher . i love kids !	kids are over rated , i like cats	i see . did you graduate college ? i just did two years ago .	i did , school for superheros	that is awesome ! where is that ? i live in seattle .	That is a good question.
dull-1587	hi , can i paint you ?	sure ! but do not paint me with a cat , i hate cats .	hi , can i paint you ?	sure ! but do not paint me with a cat , i hate cats .	why ? i was going to paint you with taylor swift .	i do not like taylor swift , my dad is always listening to her music and i do not get along with my dad .	i guess i cannot marry you . is your dad single ? i love her .	how about paint a picture of me eating onion rings ? i love onions . . . lol	onions are nasty . you can be nasty too . i will paint you with crispy skins .	my dad is single . he is a doctor and i am his nurse in his practice .	onions are nasty . you can be nasty too . i will paint you with crispy skins .
dull-1588	hey . how are you ? tell me something about you ?	hi , here is not much to me other than i like to stay at home	hey . how are you ? tell me something about you ?	hi , here is not much to me other than i like to stay at home	Wow.
dull-1589	hello , have you had dinner yet ?	i did , salad and water .	hello , have you had dinner yet ?	i did , salad and water .	i live in water , at the bottom of the sea .	are you on a submarine ? i work labor and delivery at the hospital .	no , i am not . i have a tail for feet and long hair .	oh , your a mermaid , that would be nice . you live in water and i only drink it .	yes , i am ! i spend most of my day studying .	i spend all my time at work or the gym . do you have kids ?	no , i do not . maybe one day , i am still in school .	I am happy for you!
dull-1590	hi ! how are you doing today ?	i am sad . my parents were never around when i was young .	hi ! how are you doing today ?	i am sad . my parents were never around when i was young .	i am sorry . sometimes it is better . did you have foster kids	no . i want kids though . just not yet .	are you in college ? that is a good plan	yes but i am mad . becky stole my boyfriend .	if he was that easy to run with another woman he was not worth it .	what would you be if you could be anything ?	rich lol . i am retired on a budget	i would be a fashion designer but i have a criminal record .	you can still get a degree in it and make your line	i would be a fashion designer but i have a criminal record .
dull-1591	hey there how are you ?	hi ! i am well . just tired after a big run this afternoon .	hey there how are you ?	hi ! i am well . just tired after a big run this afternoon .	how far did you run ? i like weights	i ran 5 miles . how much weight can you lift ?	i can lift about 350	that is incredible . what else do you like to do ?	That is a great question.
dull-1592	hello how are you doing today ?	not too bad . a little sad , but such is life .	hello how are you doing today ?	not too bad . a little sad , but such is life .	why are you sad today did something happen ?	just need to lose some weight . having 3 kids will do that .	oh i can only imagine i decided long ago that i did not want kids .	smart choice ! do you like to cook ? i would be a great chef lol	no not really . so many good places to eat at in the big apple	i want to go there , but with me on days and hubby nights , it s not feasible .	its amazing my dream is to act but for now i will stick to modeling	sounds great ? do you have any pets ? we have a family cat .	no . i am always traveling for work so hard to keep an animal .	That is cool.
dull-1593	hi there , how are you ?	i am alright . finished with homeschool . you ?	hi there , how are you ?	i am alright . finished with homeschool . you ?	cool . just got back from my run . had nirvana playing on repeat . was great	i love nirvana , true story . i play bass in a metal band	hey man ! i play music myself . guitar	right on . i play everything in a side project . all metal though . lol	so what do you do for work ?	i tattoo and write for a ghost writing company . you ?	okay , now i feel a bit lame . . pet smart . haha	lol ! who cares , at least you work !	haha . wanna be a police officer some day like my dad	lol ! who cares , at least you work !
dull-1594	hi how are you do you need me ?	hi , i am doing great . how are you ?	hi how are you do you need me ?	Wow, great question!
dull-1595	hello . how are you this evening ?	great ! how are you ?	hello . how are you this evening ?	great ! how are you ?	i am alright , long day of pediatrics . , reading , and running ! all things i love .	oh wow , i just got my degree as a registered nurse !	that is really awesome ! my wife is a nurse , and my two children want to be doctors !	you are lucky to have a smart family . my sister keeps bugging me to settle down .	thank you . why do you not ? what else do you do ? i collect vintage cars .	vintage cars ? i spend my time at the mall . i love to buy clothes .	yes . old cars with historical significance . i love to wear cloths ! true story there .	i rather buy clothes than do anything else . i do not even have time to date .	that kind of sucks . but whatever makes you happy .	meh , marriage is overrated . i have a job and a great relationship with my sister .	like i said as long as that makes you happy . so what is your favorite color ?	I don't have a good answer to that.
dull-1596	hi , want to go shopping with me ?	i am sorry my left leg is in a lot of pain so i can not	hi , want to go shopping with me ?	i am sorry my left leg is in a lot of pain so i can not	wow . i am a nurse . i can help you	is helping people a hobby of yours ? mine is riding horses	wow . i am a nurse . i can help you
dull-1597	it is a beautiful beach day . how are you ?	sad , struggling to make ends meet from all my bills	Nice!
dull-1598	hi , how are you doing today ?	hey , i am doing good . how about you ? what are you up to ?	hi , how are you doing today ?	hey , i am doing good . how about you ? what are you up to ?	just having a glass of iced tea after a long day . what do you like to drink ?	maybe a nice glass of wine while i finish my eggplant parmigiana for dinner .	sounds yummy are you a vegetarian ?	no , not really . are you ? if i leave some food , my dog charlie will eat it .	no , but many pf my friends from canada are vegan . i love dogs .	i will take my dog to visit my folks in australia soon . will be interesting .	sounds like fun . brisbane ? queensland ?	sydney . i will go there after the stock markets slow down for winter .	great idea . what kind of dog is charlie ?	charlie is an old boxer . have had him for years .	perfect . i think he will love the trip . i may get a dog when i am older .	they are good companions . my brother and sister love charlie too .	perfect . i think he will love the trip . i may get a dog when i am older .
dull-1599	hi how are you doing	i quit high school and i run marathons . hi !	hi how are you doing	i quit high school and i run marathons . hi !	wow is that what you want to do forever	no i work at wendys in florida . do you have a dog ?	ho i am a doctor do not have time for pets	what kind of doctor ? you exercise ? i am runner .	i like to run too i am a pediatrician	I see.
dull-1600	hi how are you doing tonight ?	i am alright , just listening to music . you ?	hi how are you doing tonight ?	i am alright , just listening to music . you ?	i am doing a lot of studying for law school	that sounds intense . i am only in my last year of college now	it is intense . i wish i could travel more but i am so busy studying	it will pay off one day !	i hope so . i want to propose to my live in girlfriend	oh my gosh , that is wonderful ! i am sure she will say yes	i hope so ! are you in a relationship ?	i am too busy with sports .	what sports do you play ? i like adventure like zip lining in the rainforest	i play basketball for my university	awesome ! what position do you play ?	That question does not make sense to me.
dull-1601	hello , how are you tonight ?	good , how are you ? i just got home from work so i am quite tired .	hello , how are you tonight ?	good , how are you ? i just got home from work so i am quite tired .	i am doing great , just finished a great book and making dinner .	work was tough . the grocery store where i am employed was busy today .	i would love to be a chef . i am thinking about going to culinary school	oh really ? i wish i could cook or sing like my favorite musical artist taylor swift	who is that ? i only listen to classical .	swift is a pop singer . i listen to her on my ipod when i ride my horses	i have never heard of her .	i guess you live under a rock somewhere and not in a major city like me	i live in nyc and do not have common tastes in music as you .	i guess you live under a rock somewhere and not in a major city like me
dull-1602	hello ! how are you doing ?	i am cool just relaxed	hello ! how are you doing ?	i am cool just relaxed	nice , you do much today ?	no just watch the clock an run	cool , you run too ? i love running ! kind of annoying when the dogs chase you though	lol you are right i work in a pet store	really ? i am not an animal lover .	lol you are right i work in a pet store
dull-1603	how is this lovely evening treating you ?	it is awesome . how are you ?	how is this lovely evening treating you ?	it is awesome . how are you ?	doing well , feet a little tired after showing 4 houses in the last 2 hours !	that does sound exhausting ! i have been outside with my brothers shoveling the driveway !	snow will be the death of me ! wish i could move back to mississippi	i have never been there ! i love the snow though . it keeps me happy and busy .	i prefer greenery . and living green !	i would not trade the snow for anything . i love winter time .	do you have any interests besides snow ?	well , i have a simple job . but i do like some hard rock .	yeah , who is your favorite artist ?	i recently got a guitar signed by metallica , so i really like metallica , obviously .	Awesome!
dull-1604	hello , how are you tonight .	hi i am doing pretty good . how are you ?	hello , how are you tonight .	hi i am doing pretty good . how are you ?	very well thank you , now that my neighbor rid my yard of the snake .	ew ! one of my three dogs would have been able to catch the snake .	i am terrified of them and spiders .	i do not like them either . what do you do for work ?	i am an engineer , boring stuff .	i am a hair dresser . i love it ! i get to be very creative !	hmm . wonder if i could get away with pink hair at my job ?	I don't have a good answer to that.
dull-1605	hi here i am in sunny california . where do you live ?	i live in florida but my family is from toronto	hi here i am in sunny california . where do you live ?	Wow, great question!
dull-1606	good afternoon , how are you today ?	i am great . i am watching one tree hill . that is my favorite show	good afternoon , how are you today ?	I don't know what you mean by that.
dull-1607	hi , i am jack . how are you doing today ?	hi jack ! i am dave and i am doing good today . how are you doing ?	hi , i am jack . how are you doing today ?	hi jack ! i am dave and i am doing good today . how are you doing ?	That question does not make sense to me.
dull-1608	hello there my new friend	hello , what have you been doing ?	hello there my new friend	hello , what have you been doing ?	well lately i have been getting ready for ski season up on the mountain	how exciting , i just got home from walking my dog	that is awesome ! i have two dogs and some cats , how do you feel about cats	i like them , but i only have a dog , because my sister is allergic to cats .	that kinda sucks , cats can be a handful but i still love them	i have been practicing my dance	hmmmm tell me more , is it dancing to barry manila	i have been practicing my dance
dull-1609	hello . how are you ? where are you from ?	hello . i am from the midwest . tell me about you ?	hello . how are you ? where are you from ?	hello . i am from the midwest . tell me about you ?	from ny , where i do not drive . also , i am from a jewish family .	i work as a forklift driver . and i barbecue in my spare time	i love barbecue , unless it is sweet . i do not like sweet .	likewise , i like spicy barbecue . i eat it to bulk up since i weight lift	do you go out at night ? i like going to bar to listen to jazz .	That is a good question.
dull-1610	hello , how are you tonight ? are you a gamer like me ?	i am good . you ? i am more of a writer .	hello , how are you tonight ? are you a gamer like me ?	i am good . you ? i am more of a writer .	i write a lot at work , so i have other interests .	writing is my work , so i cant get out of it if i tried	i am in computer science , so i build spaceships .	that is awesome ! ! i worked at a carnival once upon a time .	did you work with the elephants ?	no , i worked at the ferris wheel .	those are fun , not as fun as the coasters .	no , i worked at the ferris wheel .
dull-1611	hello , do you like tupac ?	i love tupac . he is great to listen to while weightlifting .	hello , do you like tupac ?	i love tupac . he is great to listen to while weightlifting .	i listen to him while playing tennis and running .	that sounds bold . you remind me of theodore roosevelt . who do you look up to ?	indiana jones . i want to be just like him .	i used to act out his movies at home with my sister .	my friends and i do that as well . it is so fun .	we should get together and act . we could pretend to rescue rabbits for my blog .	i have a blog as well , a photography one .	we should get together and act . we could pretend to rescue rabbits for my blog .
dull-1612	hi , how are you ?	i am doing good . listening to some john denver .	hi , how are you ?	i am doing good . listening to some john denver .
dull-1613	hello , how are you today ?	hi , my mother and i own a restaurant . you like pizza ?	hello , how are you today ?	hi , my mother and i own a restaurant . you like pizza ?	i do not like pizza . i work as a bodybuilder and can not eat carbs	hmmm . i see . there are seven siblings in my home .	wow that is a lot ! i only have a brother	older brother or younger ? what foods can you love that are not carbs ?	younger brother , and veggies haha	oh okay . i like ghost love stories .	never heard of them . i work as part time as a doctor	great sometimes i wish dracula would bite my neck .	well you should go find him ! he might	i think i will . you sing while body building ? you know they make veggie pizzas ?	well you should go find him ! he might
dull-1614	hey , how is the weather out there ?	it is pretty hot but good for working in my garden .	hey , how is the weather out there ?	it is pretty hot but good for working in my garden .	do you garden a lot ?	yes , it is plenty of food for my family with plenty to give away .	aw , that is so nice . i should garden for my sister	your vegetables will taste better . what kind of work do you do ?	i do whatever jobs pay the bills , i have to take care of my sister and me	Nice!
dull-1615	hello how are you this evening ?	hello good i start my first in college next year	hello how are you this evening ?	I don't have a good answer to that.
dull-1616	did you know that working at whole foods means you can ride a horse to work ? !	not really , i am studying at the university up state learning biology .	I like that.
dull-1617	hi , how are you ? what are your hopes and dreams ?	hi . well , i hope i can do more camping and hiking . you ?	hi , how are you ? what are your hopes and dreams ?	hi . well , i hope i can do more camping and hiking . you ?	i am a single lady in a new york apartment .	i am a single guy in florida .	i am more into books , movies and cooking . i would love to be a chef .	my father , who is retired and i grill steaks and burgers on the weekends .	yum ! i love any food off of the grill !	me too . my mother is in healthcare so she does not wnt to cook on the weekends .	how old are you ? i am 32 .	That is a good question.
dull-1618	hey how are you today ?	i am well . how about you ?	hey how are you today ?	i am well . how about you ?	i am a bit sore from doing tae kwan do .	nice ! i just signed up for a jujitsu class ! so far it seems fun .	nice , i am a state champion .	wow ! that is amazing ! do you do anything else to help support your tae kwan do ?	no . my dad teaches me and it is his life .	ok , i run to help keep my mind clear .	nice , how often do you run ?	at least 5 times a week . do you have any other hobbies ? work ?	i enjoy going on rollercoasters .	oh i hate them . xd	lol why do they make you sick ?	yeah , scared of heights . i take my risks in card games both feet on the ground !	Wow.
dull-1619	hey hows it going tonight ? 1	it is a pretty chilly night	hey hows it going tonight ? 1	it is a pretty chilly night	same here ! you live in the city too ? or more country ?	i would say country since i have a big garden	that is awesome ! i live in a really big city ! i like walking to work lol	i love the gym , i go daily .	you sound pretty active ! i am an introvert and usually paint in spare time .	i do not lol i grew up on a horse ranch	so you must like country music ? ! taylor swift is my fav	nothing like a fresh home cooked meal especially garden fresh	That is very interesting.
dull-1620	hi , have any plans for this sunday ?	i do i plan to skip school	That is amazing.
dull-1621	hello . how are you ? where are you from ?	hello . i am from the midwest . tell me about you ?	That is good.
dull-1622	hi here i am in sunny california . where do you live ?	i live in florida but my family is from toronto	hi here i am in sunny california . where do you live ?	i live in florida but my family is from toronto	oh i see . moving to the east coast next year to the big apple .	cool . how old are you ?	now i am 23 and acting is my profession . also do a little runway modeling .	nice . i am 16 and i would like to be in the army	what do you do for fun ? in california most do surfing .	i like making websites and i drink a lot of lipton	you are too young for the army better look elsewhere .	what type of job should i look at ?	websites are good for income , too . do you skate ?	That is cool.
dull-1623	hi , merna here . single , 32 and scared of dogs . you ?	dave , 40 . college biology professor	hi , merna here . single , 32 and scared of dogs . you ?	dave , 40 . college biology professor	oh okay . i am a good cook too !	cool , i grow my own vegetables in my garden	great ! hi dave . you own or rent your home ? i rent .	i own one here and one in europe . i travel often	Awesome!
dull-1624	hey ! how are you doing ?	you know , busy with 3 daughters . you ?	hey ! how are you doing ?	you know , busy with 3 daughters . you ?	i do not have any kids but my dogs keep me busy	what kind of dog do you have ? we might get one	i have a german shephard and a black lab . you totally should	i would enjoy a dalmatian . my ex kept the poodle in the divorce	oh that is horrible . i am so sorry about that	it s okay , my dad was a firefighter that s why i want a dalmatian	that is so sweet . what do you do for fun ?	i like to listen to music , what about you ?	i play frisbee with my dogs every day	Wow.
dull-1625	hello , how are you tonight ?	how are you doing this late night let us chat .	hello , how are you tonight ?	how are you doing this late night let us chat .	i am doing very well . i have biology homework .	oh i do not think i could do that was never to good in the study .	i do not party , nor do i drink .	wonderful cool but i did get my diploma from school to college .	very nice . do you travel a lot ?	so so i used to travel a lot from new jersey to atlantic city .	is atlantic city nice ? i heard it was kind of trashy now .	it was when i was going but now it probably is not so nice now .	i have always wanted to visit , i still may .	my best kind of hobby i like is entertaining board games and gambling .	i like to gamble as well , planning a trip to vegas soon .	i like pets and i got this cat by the name of arizona .	i like to gamble as well , planning a trip to vegas soon .
dull-1626	hi , how are you doing today ?	hey , i am doing good . how about you ? what are you up to ?	hi , how are you doing today ?	hey , i am doing good . how about you ? what are you up to ?	just having a glass of iced tea after a long day . what do you like to drink ?	That question does not make sense to me.
dull-1627	hi want to be friends with me	hello , are you a musician ?	hi want to be friends with me	hello , are you a musician ?	i am how did you know	i am as well , small world .	my father was a cop . he was not thrilled when i started a band	mine was too . i love nirvana .	i bet we could go for a morning jog together	that would be wonderful , have you ever done run disney ?	i am planning a trip soon	where are you going ? i would love to go to ireland .	ha i meant to disney . but yeah ireland would be cool	i want to go everywhere , but do not have that kind of money .	me either . pet smart does not pay well	i have never been in there , do they make pets smart ?	lol . i would not know i am just the cashier	I love that.
dull-1628	good morning , there is mist coming off the mountains this morning .	beautiful . my name is jordan and i am enjoying the florida sunshine	good morning , there is mist coming off the mountains this morning .	beautiful . my name is jordan and i am enjoying the florida sunshine
dull-1629	today i am painting a self portrait , since my career is an artist .	what style do you paint ?	today i am painting a self portrait , since my career is an artist .	what style do you paint ?	oil paint , usually . sometimes i use garbage from others to create statues .	sorry . i have to leave . my sister and ralph is here to go fishing .	have fun . i am short , only five feet , so it is hard to fish .	there are always ways to fish , even if you are short .	have fun . i am short , only five feet , so it is hard to fish .
dull-1630	hey hows it going tonight ? 1	it is a pretty chilly night	hey hows it going tonight ? 1	I don't have a good answer to that.
dull-1631	hello ? i have not had a lot of interaction lately .	hi there ! do you live alone ?	hello ? i have not had a lot of interaction lately .	I am happy for you!
dull-1632	hello . what are you up to ?	just bought a house ! figuring out where to put everything	hello . what are you up to ?	just bought a house ! figuring out where to put everything	cool . where did you buy a house at	san francisco ! what are you up to ?	oh . i live in a small pennsylvania town . i am making crafts	that is great ! is that what you do for a living ?	i sell crafts . it actually brings in a lot of money . what do you do ?	i train dogs and run an obedience school	Awesome!
dull-1633	hi , how are you ? what are your hopes and dreams ?	hi . well , i hope i can do more camping and hiking . you ?	hi , how are you ? what are your hopes and dreams ?	That question does not make sense to me.
dull-1634	hi how are you doing today ?	am fine and just preparing to go and watch a movie	hi how are you doing today ?	am fine and just preparing to go and watch a movie	what movie ? i do not watch much movies since i am a busy nurse .	am going to watch a war movie with my friend at my place	used to watch with my dad . but not anymore since we do not get along .	why ? is it because you got a boy friend ?	no . is that something that happens though ? !	okay is he rude or just ignores you ?	he is just a mean old man . he hates cats . but then again so do i .	so how about your mum	i like her . do you like onions ? i love them ! i am making onion soup .	yes i love it especially on a very cold day	anything interesting about you you want to tell me ?	yes i love it especially on a very cold day
dull-1635	hello . . . how are you today ?	i am great . just cuddling with my two cats . . and you ?	hello . . . how are you today ?	i am great . just cuddling with my two cats . . and you ?	i am doing quite well . . . i am allergic to cats and mangoes .	that sucks . i am writing a romance novel . what are your hobbies ?	i like collecting civil war antiques . i am also a dog groomer .	Awesome!
dull-1636	hello . hold on , my dogs are begging for attention . how are you ?	hello , well , and you ? i love dogs ! cats i am allergic to .	hello . hold on , my dogs are begging for attention . how are you ?	Let me think what I have to say about that!
dull-1637	hey , do you want to marry me ? i go to college .	sorry , i am in college myself and want to finish my education first .	hey , do you want to marry me ? i go to college .	sorry , i am in college myself and want to finish my education first .	That is good.
dull-1638	hello there my new friend	hello , what have you been doing ?	hello there my new friend	hello , what have you been doing ?	well lately i have been getting ready for ski season up on the mountain	That is great.
dull-1639	hi there . i am lucy . what is your name ?	I don't know what you mean by that.
dull-1640	hi do you like animals ? i have a dog and 2 cats	i love animals too ! i have 1 dog . i also love music . who is your favorite band ?	hi do you like animals ? i have a dog and 2 cats	i love animals too ! i have 1 dog . i also love music . who is your favorite band ?	i really prefer to read plays rather than listen to music . do you read ?	Wow.
dull-1641	hello how are you ?	i am fine shopping for clothes wyd ?	hello how are you ?	i am fine shopping for clothes wyd ?	what kind of clothes ? i am just playing with ginger my golden retriever	i like jeans an boots	what is your favorite store ? i did not shop at all when i studied abroad	amazon is my favorite store , you cannot go wrong .	I like that.
dull-1642	i love the early mornings , its my time alone . without the kiddos and wifey , lol	hello nice to meet you !	i love the early mornings , its my time alone . without the kiddos and wifey , lol	hello nice to meet you !
dull-1643	how are you doing today ?	i am good . this is great , i love making new friends !	how are you doing today ?	i am good . this is great , i love making new friends !	well its a pleasure to meet you , i enjoy playing video games , you ?	I don't know what you mean by that.
dull-1644	hello hope you having a good day ? will you chat with me awhile ?	of course ! do you like watching movies ?	hello hope you having a good day ? will you chat with me awhile ?	of course ! do you like watching movies ?	i like watching movies about the civil war . i have many civil war relics	that is cool . are you married ?	i like watching movies about the civil war . i have many civil war relics
dull-1645	hello there ! tell me about yourself ?	i for sure read an speak english	hello there ! tell me about yourself ?	i for sure read an speak english	that is helpful . i do as well and just graduated college .	i love pork , especially bacon .	bacon is good . i do not eat much meat though . do you have pets ?	really did not know lol , like bugs ? they are nasty .	bugs are okay but i prefer arizona , my cat .	what do you do for a living ? i engineer	right now i just play board games and read biographies .	cool what ever it takes for you	i just graduated and have not found work yet .	now me i make money all day	that sounds enjoyable to me !	now me i make money all day
dull-1646	hello , how are you doing ?	hello , i am doing great . how are you doing ?	hello , how are you doing ?	hello , i am doing great . how are you doing ?	pretty good , i am playing call of duty .	do you like playing games ?	yeah , it helps me with doing surgery .	ah , are you a doctor ?	yeah , it helps me with doing surgery .
dull-1647	hello , i love fashion and hope to be a doctor one day . you ?	hello , i am an accountant from ohio . i have two boys and i am single .	hello , i love fashion and hope to be a doctor one day . you ?	hello , i am an accountant from ohio . i have two boys and i am single .	student , male , divorced , ex named doug . i own a beetle .	oh a beetle how cool . i have a boring honda civic . what are your hobbies ?	wow ! i make book covers in my free time . i am published also .	That is amazing.
dull-1648	hey how are you doing today ?	hi there i am great how are you doing ?	hey how are you doing today ?	hi there i am great how are you doing ?	great , what do you like to do for fun ?	right now i am in the military to help me route my anger .	is that a good way to route your anger ?	right now i am in the military to help me route my anger .
dull-1649	hey , tell me about yourself ?	i work out a lot ; i am a bodybuilder . how about you ?	hey , tell me about yourself ?	i work out a lot ; i am a bodybuilder . how about you ?	i love to read and cook . my wife and i are republicans and we have kids .	that is cool , i have got a brother but no kids yet .	what do you do for a living ?	just bodybuilding on youtube and stuff . what do you do ?	i am a teacher , it is a rewarding job .	what do you like to cook ? i love all kids of meat .	i make mostly vegetarian dishes but love steak .	yeah , my mom is a vegetarian . she works as a secretary .	what do you guys do for fun ?	well besides working out i love roller coasters . do you like them ?	the bigger the better ! metal ones are my favorite .	definitely ! have you ridden any hybrid metal and wood ones ?	I don't know what you mean by that.
dull-1650	hey how is it going	pretty good . just relaxing with one of my cats on my lap .	hey how is it going	pretty good . just relaxing with one of my cats on my lap .	i like to play poker in my leisure time . what do you like to do .	i write spicy romance novels , the research keeps me busy .	i like to run . it is a great stress reliever	i need to start running again . how far do you run each week ?	i run 2 or 3 miles every day	wow ! fantastic . i am lucky there is a beach for me to jog on .	do you know who ed sheeran is ?	That is a great question.
dull-1651	hello how are you this morning	i am good . going to the gym in a few minutes	hello how are you this morning	i am good . going to the gym in a few minutes	good for you , that is very healthy . i am busy watching fox news	oh no i hate fox news . so do my dad and brother	oh dear . i am sorry to hear that . do you have any children	no i do not . too busy going out for sushi to have kids . you ?	i do have children . what kind of sushi do you eat	nothing with fish since i am a vegan . how many children do you have ?	I don't know what you mean by that.
dull-1652	hey i am jordan and i am a veterinarian . how are you doing today ?	i am joe and a pro skater	hey i am jordan and i am a veterinarian . how are you doing today ?	i am joe and a pro skater	oh nice . where are you from ? i am from cali but i am now in florida	i live in fl also . i used to work for hollister back in school	do you enjoy listening and playing music ? i am a musician , only on weekends	i love music and especially bluegrass which i can play good	i am pretty good with the guitar . and when i am not so busy i read drama books	i love music and especially bluegrass which i can play good
dull-1653	hi how are you today	i am great , how are you ?	hi how are you today	i am great , how are you ?	pretty good do you work	i am in publishing , heading to nyc next year for my job	do you get your nails done ?	That is a great question.
dull-1654	hello i love living in new york	hello , do they have great italian restaurants like they do in italy there ?	hello i love living in new york	hello , do they have great italian restaurants like they do in italy there ?	That is a good question.
dull-1655	hello . is anybody out there ?	I don't have a good answer to that.
dull-1656	hello , how are you this afternoon ?	good , i just working while chatting , and you ?	hello , how are you this afternoon ?	good , i just working while chatting , and you ?	watching some youtube videos about hiking	i like watching youtube , i watch videos on makeup	is that like a hobby of yours ?	and hauls , and hose decor , and sewing	wow , sounds like you really like your videos , haha	yes it is , what about you ? what are your hobbies ?	well i really like to read , especially about traveling	right , i do when i get any free time that is what i do .	i am hoping to travel to europe eventually , so i consider it all research	right , i do when i get any free time that is what i do .
dull-1657	hi , how are you ?	i am doing good . listening to some john denver .	hi , how are you ?	i am doing good . listening to some john denver .	I see.
dull-1658	hey how are you today ?	i am well . how about you ?	hey how are you today ?	i am well . how about you ?	i am a bit sore from doing tae kwan do .	nice ! i just signed up for a jujitsu class ! so far it seems fun .	nice , i am a state champion .	wow ! that is amazing ! do you do anything else to help support your tae kwan do ?	no . my dad teaches me and it is his life .	ok , i run to help keep my mind clear .	nice , how often do you run ?	at least 5 times a week . do you have any other hobbies ? work ?	i enjoy going on rollercoasters .	oh i hate them . xd	i enjoy going on rollercoasters .
dull-1659	hi ! i am a 17 year old hippie , complete with the vw beetle !	hello ! i am 24 . how are you ?	I don't have a good answer to that.
dull-1660	hi there how are you	. . . just got home from work in nursing . i helped deliver triplets tonight ! first time !	hi there how are you	. . . just got home from work in nursing . i helped deliver triplets tonight ! first time !	wow and i thought i was tired from my walk you must be exhausted	i only helped deliver them . am okay . . . a gym goer 3 times a week . you ?	i just take walks nothing big	that is really good exercise moderation is best . like me i just drink water . . no alcohol	i have a good size garden to try and eat healthy	that is healthy . live by yourself or do you have a family ?	with roomies i travel too much to have my own place	That is amazing.
dull-1661	hey how are you ?	i just got home from a nice nature hike . do you like the outdoors ?	hey how are you ?	i just got home from a nice nature hike . do you like the outdoors ?	That is cool.
dull-1662	hello , how are you today ?	good . i am just painting a picture of my horses .	hello , how are you today ?	good . i am just painting a picture of my horses .	I see.
dull-1663	hi ! how are you ? what are you doing right now ?	hey , i am great . other than recovering from surgery . how are you ?	hi ! how are you ? what are you doing right now ?	hey , i am great . other than recovering from surgery . how are you ?	oh no ! what happened ? i am taking a break from driving .	i tore up my knee playing frisbee with my 2 dogs . where are you driving to ?	i am driving a load to chicago . sorry about your knee . how is your recovery ?	its going well so far . an excuse to lay around . you drive truck ?	yes , i do . do you work for a living ?	i am currently looking . i did not finish high school so its not easy finding something worth it .	do you have children to support ? i must work to support my 7 children .	wow that is a lot . i do not have any kids . how old are yours ?	they range from 2 to 16 . they and my job keep my busy .	Nice!
dull-1664	hi want to get to know each other ?	yes , i would like that .	hi want to get to know each other ?	yes , i would like that .
dull-1665	i have the world record for the most tattoos	that is awesome ! i am retiring in five years .	i have the world record for the most tattoos	that is awesome ! i am retiring in five years .	you should get a tattoo to celebrate ! !	i have them , my favorite is of a barbecue pit .	oh i like that . my favorite is the one in my right nostril .	i play racquetball , maybe i should get one of that .	that would look awesome on your shoulder ! my roommate in chicago has one there .	i have an oldies jukebox on my back !	i play my tattoo guitar on my abdomen . totally beats the air guitar .	that it does . i am an admin assistant .	do they know about your tattoos ? that could get interesting	That is a good question.
dull-1666	drink more water . tracy here . nice to meet you .	i drink water when i hike . my name is suzie .	drink more water . tracy here . nice to meet you .	i drink water when i hike . my name is suzie .	great ! hi sus . i love my three children and my cat named grace . you ?	i have two boys , blake and wesley .	get out ! my huband name is wesley blake . he work nights .	what a coincidence ! i am an accountant during the day .	get out ! i work during the day too ! i hate my weight .	you should take up hiking . it is beautiful in the country in ohio .	no not the kid ! i am scared of heights . cats are my friends though .	yeah , walking is pretty easy though . i like being in nature .	oh okay . you have children ? a spouse ? a dog ?	I don't know what you mean by that.
dull-1667	hello . what do you love to do ?	i love to hunt an i have 3 guns , you ?	hello . what do you love to do ?	i love to hunt an i have 3 guns , you ?	yeah i am in the army .	cool , do you drive any big trucks ? i have a ford pick up	yes . the army trucks are big here in south korea .	i like where i live my people live down the street i love it .	that is great . i like my troop too . what do you do .	i hunt for a living , pretty relaxed an conservative .	how old are you ? married ?	i am old enough to chat with you lol , no not married . looking for a wife .	i am a male . not married either . also looking for a wife .	i am old enough to chat with you lol , no not married . looking for a wife .
dull-1668	hello , what are you up to	hello , i am sewing some quilts for my nieces .	hello , what are you up to	hello , i am sewing some quilts for my nieces .	oh i adore my boss	that is amazing , what fo you do . i retired from banking .	i meant i adore the niece of my boss . i clean kennels in a shelter .	oh i love animals ! i have a cat he is siamese .	oh i agree , i much prefer animals to human creatures .	yes , do you have any hobbies . i like to walk everyday at least a mile .	how healthy ! i enjoy listening to a simple plan . do you enjoy music ?	i do like music . much easier to go to concerts now that i am retired .	yes you are lucky . being around people irritates me	you dislike people that much . do you have children ?	oh no , i could not stand it . do you ?	I am happy for you!
dull-1669	hello how are you ?	i am doing well , how are you ?	hello how are you ?	i am doing well , how are you ?	doing well just playing with my pedro who is my dog	i also have a dog named juan . he is my hunting dog . we like to hunt .	what do you like to hunt ? what kind of job do you have ?	anything but shellfish . i am allergic . mostly we hunt ducks .	very cool i want to get into hunting but i am only five foot tall	that is a good height for bow hunting . where do you work ?	very cool i want to get into hunting but i am only five foot tall
dull-1670	hi there how are you doing today ?	i am good , just got back to my apartment from culinary school . how are you ?	hi there how are you doing today ?	i am good , just got back to my apartment from culinary school . how are you ?	i am good what do you like cook most . i love my bacon	i really like italian food . what do you do for a living ?	engineering , good job . ready for retirement . do you like camping ?	i do , as long as there are no dogs there . they terrify me .	i do too just not the bugs so much . why is that ?	i just never cared for them . i am more of a cat person .	i do not have pets right now .	i am your stereotypical 30 something single gal with her cats and her books . haha	lol i am not sure on the stereotypical part	do read a lot ? i love reading , i like classic romance novels the most .	I don't know what you mean by that.
dull-1671	hello , how are you doing today ?	doing well . i live in ohio and my job is in a factory . you ?	hello , how are you doing today ?	doing well . i live in ohio and my job is in a factory . you ?	i am working in an animal shelter . cleaning kennels is no fun .	i hear ya . i get dirty working in my garden .	the animals can actually be better company then most people i know though	true . i love my cat . she has a purple litter box .	the animals can actually be better company then most people i know though
dull-1672	hi , how are you doing today ?	doing good . just got in from playing basketball love sports	hi , how are you doing today ?	doing good . just got in from playing basketball love sports	how nice ! i am too short to play basketball .	aww i am also studying education in college	education is a great industry . i work in healthcare .	my mother is a nurse great vocation	what year are you in college ?	i am a senior being 22 i am almost done !	congratulations . do you have nay pets ?	i have one cat named radar and you ?	a white poodle named pedro . we are best friends .	aww sweet some of my friends have dogs i enjoy being with them	cats are cool too . is radar affectionate ?	aww sweet some of my friends have dogs i enjoy being with them
dull-1673	hello ? i have not had a lot of interaction lately .	hi there ! do you live alone ?	hello ? i have not had a lot of interaction lately .	hi there ! do you live alone ?	i do , pretty faraway . on an island . alone .	it is hard to enjoy when there is no one to share it with .	i share it with my characters that i write about .	it is nice to have a hobby like that , i like to sing in a choir .	you must have a nice voice . it is not my hobby though . my hobby is cat training .	if i sing badly , my friends drown my voice out , haha !	lol , do you read ? anything specific ?	not really . i spend my free time playing softball . and eating !	wow ! sounds great ! i am rethinking the whole deserted island thing .	it is so fun ! i used to do taekwondo too , since i was very small .	i have always kept to myself . never really was on a team	do you like to go out to eat ?	That is a good question.
dull-1674	hello , how are you today ?	hi , my mother and i own a restaurant . you like pizza ?	hello , how are you today ?	hi , my mother and i own a restaurant . you like pizza ?	i do not like pizza . i work as a bodybuilder and can not eat carbs	hmmm . i see . there are seven siblings in my home .	wow that is a lot ! i only have a brother	older brother or younger ? what foods can you love that are not carbs ?	wow that is a lot ! i only have a brother
dull-1675	hi how are you today	hi how are you doing my friend i am okay thank you .	hi how are you today	hi how are you doing my friend i am okay thank you .	good to hear where do you live	i am employed at pet smart working with pets and selling products .	that is nice i like to hike	i love working as a musician too i live in new jersey .	that is nice i like to hike
dull-1676	hey how is it going	pretty good . just relaxing with one of my cats on my lap .	hey how is it going	pretty good . just relaxing with one of my cats on my lap .	i like to play poker in my leisure time . what do you like to do .	i write spicy romance novels , the research keeps me busy .	i like to run . it is a great stress reliever	i need to start running again . how far do you run each week ?	i run 2 or 3 miles every day	I like that.
dull-1677	hi . how is your day going ?	great , just got home from work . how are you ?	hi . how is your day going ?	great , just got home from work . how are you ?	not bad . the teens at the shelter were great today . what is your profession ?	i work at a help desk . so you work with homeless teens ?	yep . i am a mentor of sorts . thinking of cooking . you had supper ?	i did , i eat dinner while watching the news . what are you cooking ?	italian food . chicken alfredo . sigh .	is that not your favorite food ?	yep . what is your favorite food ?	i like to eat chinese and italian	i met my husband at taekwondo class . he is chinese .	oh how fun ! do you have children or pets ?	no . not yet . do you have family or pets ?	no , no pets or husband . i work a lot	yeah . life is full sometimes . i spend my spare time singing .	no , no pets or husband . i work a lot
dull-1678	hello ! how are you doing ?	hello ! i am well and yourself ? where are you from ?	hello ! how are you doing ?	hello ! i am well and yourself ? where are you from ?	i am from maine , where the colors are beautiful this time of year . and you ?	i am from california , but moving to new york for a job next year	what is your job ?	i work as a model and actress , but i am not a good singer ! you ?	i do not work . i play sports and take care of my turtle .	awesome ! what kind ? i am a surfer and skater .	excellent ! i like ultimate frisbee . you will miss surfing in california when you move .	I am happy for you!
dull-1679	hi how are you doing	very good , how are you today ?	hi how are you doing	very good , how are you today ?	i am good just made breakfast	yummy ! i love to cook , but that makes me unhappy about my weight	oh that is too bad you should find some yummy healthy recipes	yes i should , but my three kids like junk food lol	haha of course they do maybe sneak in healthy things in their dinner	it is hard to eat together , since i work days and my husband works overnights	oh wow that sounds like a busy schedule	do you have any pets ? we have cats , which we love	no but i want to get a dog	that would be nice , i love dogs too .	yeah they are really great but can sometimes be a lot of work	yes they can be , do you have any hobbies ?	i like to listen to classical music	That is good.
dull-1680	hi , did you finish high school ? i never did	i did , how are you doing ?	hi , did you finish high school ? i never did	i did , how are you doing ?	good , i just got done playing frisbee i love playing it .	oh cool , i grew up playing frisbee in north dakota	that is cool ? what did you have for breakfast ? i love sardines	i had some donuts at my advertising job i started last year	i love donuts but i am just recovering from surgery so i can not eat sweets	oh no , you better take it easy	yeah but i am better now , i just miss playing frisbee	oh no , you better take it easy
dull-1681	hello , how are you today ? doing the same thing as yesterday	hi ! i am doing just great ! what do you do ?	hello , how are you today ? doing the same thing as yesterday	hi ! i am doing just great ! what do you do ?	I see.
dull-1682	hey how are you tonight ?	hi , i am good , you ?	hey how are you tonight ?	hi , i am good , you ?	good ! just studying for college classes	That is very interesting.
dull-1683	i love riding horses in this weather . do you have any fun hobbies ?	i enjoy barbecue , and weight lifting .	i love riding horses in this weather . do you have any fun hobbies ?	i enjoy barbecue , and weight lifting .	i used to do some weight lifting before i injured my leg .	i am very tall , it is the only thing i can comfortably do .	i injured it in college and again last year falling off a horse .	i have never ridden a horse , is it difficult ?	now i am old and it hurts every day . i have to keep it propped up	I am very happy to hear that.
dull-1684	hi there how are you	hey , i am doing good . how about you ?	hi there how are you	hey , i am doing good . how about you ?	good just got off work about to watch my favorite one tree hill	cool , never watched that show . i am too busy cooking delicious food !	mmmm do you know how to make pizza its my favorite	i do , but i try not to make it because i am on a diet .	o ok i usually make it for my church fundraisers i am a catholic	everybody loves pizza ! even my lovely cat will nibble at the cheese .	haha yes who does not love it	my husband would eat it , but he is on the nightshift . i just do days .	o that must be hard to make time to be with each other	my husband would eat it , but he is on the nightshift . i just do days .
dull-1685	hi , i am joanna and i like horror movies	hi there . i work on wall street as a stock broker .	hi , i am joanna and i like horror movies	hi there . i work on wall street as a stock broker .	i am a well known local singer , whats your job ?	stock broker . i love to cook especially parmigiana , mostly eggplant .	i graduated from usc , are you in school ?	no . parents moved to australia and live with my sister and brother .	my dad farms and my mother a teacher .	nice . have any pets ? charlie is my labradors name .	if farm animals count as pets sure .	ok . do you have any hobbies ?	I don't know what you mean by that.
dull-1686	hello , do you want to go for a walk with me and my fur babies	hi , what are fur babies ?	hello , do you want to go for a walk with me and my fur babies	hi , what are fur babies ?	hello , do you want to go for a walk with me and my fur babies
dull-1687	hello , do you like tupac ?	i love tupac . he is great to listen to while weightlifting .	Awesome!
dull-1688	hello how are you today	tired from working the night shift . i like nursing , but it is tiring .	hello how are you today	tired from working the night shift . i like nursing , but it is tiring .	nursing is an honorable profession	what do you do for a living ? i been a nurse a long time .	i am heavy into fitness although i am rather large .	any other hobbies ? i like to cook .	i am heavy into fitness although i am rather large .
dull-1689	hello , what music you listen to , i love rap	hello , how are you tonight ? i am in a band , actually	hello , what music you listen to , i love rap	hello , how are you tonight ? i am in a band , actually	no way , tell me more	what do you do for a living ?	i am a competitive food eater , i eat tons of sushi	that sounds interesting , do you not get sick ?	never because i am a vegan	you are a vegan and eat sushi ? how does that work ?	because there is meatless sushi duh	those usually have cream cheese in them , so they are not vegan .	never head or avocado and cream cheese sushi ?	i have never heard of vegan sushi .	well you should google it then	i have never heard of vegan sushi .
dull-1690	hey there , how are you doing ?	i am good just reading about europe and you ?	hey there , how are you doing ?	i am good just reading about europe and you ?	that sounds interesting ! i am just knitting hats right now	i wish i could knit a scarf for my big dog george ! what else do you like ?	i like to cook , what about you ? do you like cooking ?	i do not cook much but i do love to eat , especially italian food	italian food is good . i am vegan , so i cook that	my walking partner friend is vegan and she is so healthy . do you walk ?	yes i enjoy walking but i have a disability so its hard . i cant work , either	Awesome!
dull-1691	hi how are you doing i am okay .	i am doing very good ! i hope you had a very nice , relaxing sunday .	hi how are you doing i am okay .	i am doing very good ! i hope you had a very nice , relaxing sunday .	yes it was okay thank you so much i like walking . do you ?	i do , especially in the woods when i am out hunting . do you hunt ?	no not really but it seems to be a really fun activity .	it is ! i like to go with my father .	my work out is walking it is very good for the body . that is nice .	do you walk in your neighborhood ? i like to walk to my parents house .	how is your dad i have huge garden plant many vegetables .	That is great.
dull-1692	hello , how are you this evening ?	i am great thanks , and you ?	hello , how are you this evening ?	i am great thanks , and you ?	great , just got done doing some long distance running with my dog	that sounds fun ! i exercise my lungs , lol i am a professional singer .	i like music but cannot sing , i could not carry a tune in a bucket	lol , do you have any favorite movies ? i love horror movies !	i am not into movies . i read a lot , mostly about traveling	got ya , where did you go to college ? i attended usc .	last time i was in college was 1999 , for paralegal	cool , where are you from ? i live in south carolina , born and raised .	last time i was in college was 1999 , for paralegal
dull-1693	good evening , how are you doing today	i am doing pretty good . just got back from a nice long walk . you ?	good evening , how are you doing today	That is cool.
dull-1694	hello , how are you doing ?	hello , i am doing great . how are you doing ?	hello , how are you doing ?	hello , i am doing great . how are you doing ?	pretty good , i am playing call of duty .	do you like playing games ?	yeah , it helps me with doing surgery .	ah , are you a doctor ?	i am a vet and have been for 10 years .	ah nice . do you have a lot of customers ? i hope not .	it is busy during the week .	i grew up in wisconsin and we used to have a lot of pets with a cold .	it is nice to be around animals all the time .	what is your favorite animal ?	I don't have a good answer to that.
dull-1695	hey , what do you do for living	i m in a band , i m the lead singer	hey , what do you do for living	i m in a band , i m the lead singer	how long you been singing , i write books	since i was 14 , we are bertha s beautiful butterflies	wow nice , maybe i could do a story on you	what kind of books do you write ?	i write fiction and bios , have alot of successful books , i live on a island	Awesome!
dull-1696	hi , have any plans for this sunday ?	i do i plan to skip school	hi , have any plans for this sunday ?	i do i plan to skip school	do you want to come watch football with me ?	i would love to , do they have any fashion shows on as well	only football . we can eat cheese pizza though .	that is awesome i would love to do that	i could do your hair during commercials .	i love makeovers you are now my best friend	i could do your hair during commercials .
dull-1697	how are you tonight ? did you go to college ?	i am good . i prefer artistic endeavors to scholarly ones . you ?	how are you tonight ? did you go to college ?	i am good . i prefer artistic endeavors to scholarly ones . you ?	That is a great question.
dull-1698	good morning , it is beautiful today . do you swim to school ?	good morning to you ! no , i ice skate to college .	good morning , it is beautiful today . do you swim to school ?	good morning to you ! no , i ice skate to college .	i could not do that , i have a tail and live in a coral reef .	fun ! we must live in totally different climates . i have been out fishing all day .	the fish and other sea creatures are friends of mine .	i mostly use the animals for food . polar bears taste really good and are fun to hunt .	what are polar bears ? i have never heard of them . i swim with the penguins .	a big white bear that eats meat . wow penguins ! we have those around here .	i am in school most of the day , i will ask neptune about them .	a big white bear that eats meat . wow penguins ! we have those around here .
dull-1699	hi how are you today	i am fine what about you ?	hi how are you today	i am fine what about you ?	hi how are you today
dull-1700	hi , how are you today ?	i am good ! do you have any hobbies ?	hi , how are you today ?	i am good ! do you have any hobbies ?	yes ! i love to garden and then cook from what i grow . do you ?	gardening sounds amazing ! i like to listen to metallica in my free time .	really ? john denver is more my style as a musician .	That question does not make sense to me.
dull-1701	hey there whats for dinner for you ? i want pizza	i am cooking s vegan tuscan pasta tonight !	hey there whats for dinner for you ? i want pizza	i am cooking s vegan tuscan pasta tonight !	i love going to my moms restaurant for pizza its soooo good	i love pizza too but i cook it myself since i enjoy cooking . do you work ?	i do not work really i am the youngest of 6 but older then 1	oh cool ! i do not work right now . . i am on disability . . just had a baby !	i am so excited , my mom hates it lol	haha what kind of music do you enjoy ? i like country !	i kind of stutter when i am geeked lol an yes i like it all	whats geeked ? i like everything except gospel	i love to read especially romantic books	I like that.
dull-1702	hi , how has your day been ?	great and how was your day ?	hi , how has your day been ?	great and how was your day ?	long day at work . teaching elementary wears me out .	i can imagine . i thought about having children but i am not ready yet .	it is worth it when the time comes ! what do you do ?	i am in fashion design school . i want to have my own fashion line one day .	oh my wife wanted to do the same thing . cooking is my passion .	what dish do you like to cook the most ?	honey teriyaki glazed salmon on the grill	yum . that sounds absolutely delicious . i would love to try it .	i also really enjoy reading . any other hobbies you have outside of fashion ?	i have been doing community service for stealing .	oh no ! well at least that will take it off of your record	i have been so confused lately . my parents were never there .	i hope you have some people now to reach out too	i have been so confused lately . my parents were never there .
dull-1703	hello ! how are you today ?	i am great ! i just got done with a big biology test . how are you ?	hello ! how are you today ?	i am great ! i just got done with a big biology test . how are you ?	good . just a long day in middle school ! how old are you ?	i am 20 years old and studying in college . and you ?	i am 14 and cannot wait for college ! what are you studying ?	i am studying marine biology . i love marine life and the ocean .	animals do not judge . i am a big fan of dogs ! do not like cats though !	agreed ! i am allergic to cats . what do you want to study in college ?	want to be an actor ! i am a trans boy so i can be whoever in theater !	true . you must have lots of insight into both male and female .	do you like music ? i am a big pink floyd fan !	true . you must have lots of insight into both male and female .
dull-1704	good morning ? do you have any jobs	good afternoon from pennsylvania . i am currently a medical scribe preparing to apply to medical school .	Wow.
dull-1705	hi how are you today ?	hi . i am good , and you ?	hi how are you today ?	Wow.
dull-1706	hello , how are you tonight ?	good , how are you ? i just got home from work so i am quite tired .	hello , how are you tonight ?	good , how are you ? i just got home from work so i am quite tired .	i am doing great , just finished a great book and making dinner .	work was tough . the grocery store where i am employed was busy today .	i would love to be a chef . i am thinking about going to culinary school	oh really ? i wish i could cook or sing like my favorite musical artist taylor swift	Let me think what I have to say about that!
dull-1707	hi , i am a body builder . do you like sports ?	no , i am too busy working two part time jobs .	hi , i am a body builder . do you like sports ?	no , i am too busy working two part time jobs .	i hear ya . i work two jobs as well . do you like country music ?	no , i like to write and read books .	oh really ? me too . what kind of books do you read ?	i love fantasy . i am a huge fan ! what kind of books do you like ?	fantasy also and true crime . i also ran a blog about rabbits .	i wish to write a book someday . a book about dragons .	you can totally do it ! how old are you ?	i am 25 years old . i have an active imagination .	do you also like to draw dragons ?	i am 25 years old . i have an active imagination .
dull-1708	hi , what is up with you today ?	That is a good question.
dull-1709	hey there ! whats your favorite movie ? mine is titanic	mine is captain america , civil war ! my daddy took me to see it before he died .	hey there ! whats your favorite movie ? mine is titanic	mine is captain america , civil war ! my daddy took me to see it before he died .	wow ! i seen titanic like 10 times an i just became a new daddy	i like to dance , i pretend the winter soldier is my boyfriend .	cute , i like to model cars as a past time .	my parents and i lived on edris island , before they died . where are you ?	i am in america , i did study abroad for a few years when i was in college .	i have not been to america yet . i am on the canadian mainland .	gotcha , when you going to come out here ?	i do not know . maybe when i graduate high school .	Wow.
dull-1710	hi do you like animals ? i have a dog and 2 cats	i love animals too ! i have 1 dog . i also love music . who is your favorite band ?	I don't have a good answer to that.
dull-1711	hello . how are you doing today ?	i am good , just got home .	hello . how are you doing today ?	i am good , just got home .
dull-1712	hello , how are you doing ?	pretty good . listening to barry manila now	hello , how are you doing ?	That question does not make sense to me.
dull-1713	i just got done working in my garden , have you been busy today ?	yeah a little i just had a manicure . i like gardens	i just got done working in my garden , have you been busy today ?	yeah a little i just had a manicure . i like gardens	i have never had a manicure . my job is in a factory , hard on the hands .	oh my , what is your name ?	I don't have a good answer to that.
dull-1714	hello . . . how are you today ?	i am great . just cuddling with my two cats . . and you ?	hello . . . how are you today ?	i am great . just cuddling with my two cats . . and you ?	i am doing quite well . . . i am allergic to cats and mangoes .	that sucks . i am writing a romance novel . what are your hobbies ?	i like collecting civil war antiques . i am also a dog groomer .	i reside on an island far away and it has made me an introvert .	oh my . . . . i guess we are both a bit eccentric . are you married ?	no , i just want to focus on being a writer right now . are you ?	married four times and searching for my fifth husband . what do you write ?	That is very interesting.
dull-1715	hello , how are you this evening ?	i am a doing great getting ready to enjoy reading a mystery .	hello , how are you this evening ?	i am a doing great getting ready to enjoy reading a mystery .	you like the arts , huh ? i am a musician . i focus on bluegrass .	bluegrass wow , that is pretty cool . what instrument ?	i sing , but for my profession i am a skater .	I love that.
dull-1716	i am very creative , i love taking on diy projects .	i am not very crafty but i like to write	i am very creative , i love taking on diy projects .	i am not very crafty but i like to write	i like staying active . i walk at least a mile everyday .	wow . i like to work out too . we can be friends	i like staying active . i walk at least a mile everyday .	i have all these yummy healthy recipes . i wrote a cookbook	what do you like to do for fun ?	i like to read . plays mostly	wow , that sounds exciting .	it is a good way to unwind .	do you have any pets ?	That is a good question.
dull-1717	hi , did you finish high school ? i never did	i did , how are you doing ?	hi , did you finish high school ? i never did	That is amazing.
dull-1718	i just became a dad for the first time !	i love some luke bryant how about you ?	i just became a dad for the first time !	i love some luke bryant how about you ?	i am not sure who that is , my favorite media is the movie titanic .	he is a country star , ice tea and chilling on the porch	do you have a family ?	yes still young trying hoping to make my own soon	having a kid is a big step up from having only ginger my golden retriever .	lol i bet , well my baby right now is my computer	will you go to school for computers . i studied abroad .	i do some coding you know , i do web design . awesome	do you have any pets ?	That is a great question.
dull-1719	hello , what are you up to	hello , i am sewing some quilts for my nieces .	hello , what are you up to	hello , i am sewing some quilts for my nieces .	oh i adore my boss	that is amazing , what fo you do . i retired from banking .	i meant i adore the niece of my boss . i clean kennels in a shelter .	oh i love animals ! i have a cat he is siamese .	oh i agree , i much prefer animals to human creatures .	yes , do you have any hobbies . i like to walk everyday at least a mile .	how healthy ! i enjoy listening to a simple plan . do you enjoy music ?	i do like music . much easier to go to concerts now that i am retired .	yes you are lucky . being around people irritates me	you dislike people that much . do you have children ?	That is a great question.
dull-1720	hey , do you want to see a photo of my fur babies ?	are they horses ? i love horses .	hey , do you want to see a photo of my fur babies ?	are they horses ? i love horses .	nah , doggies and kitties . how about some photos of my grandbabies ?	that would be great , how many do you have ?	i have six . they are all old now . they give me money though .	I love that.
dull-1721	hello how are you ?	i am fine shopping for clothes wyd ?	hello how are you ?	Wow, great question!
dull-1722	how are you doing today ?	i am good . what is your occupation ?	how are you doing today ?	i am good . what is your occupation ?	i actually do not have a job right now . i go to school	oh . i always wanted to do fashion , but i had a rough life growing up .	i am into science . i plan on being a marine biologist	cool . stay focus . my parents were never around . i started stealing and got arrested .	i am so sorry . it sounds like you have had a tough life	yeah . when i was in high school , my best friend stole my boyfriend . rough !	oh that is awful ! are you from the us ?	yes , i was born and raise in northern california . you ?	That is cool.
dull-1723	hey there how are you ?	hello , i am doing great today what about you ?	hey there how are you ?	hello , i am doing great today what about you ?	i am well just tired , all the little ones in my class are busy	i am thinking about riding my bike tomorrow after work .	really ? cool have any pets ? i do .	i volunteered today at the homeless shelter . i like helping others .	I am happy for you!
dull-1724	hi , what is up with you today ?	hi there ! the lord of the rings ! i am a huge binge watcher	hi , what is up with you today ?	hi there ! the lord of the rings ! i am a huge binge watcher	that is awesome . i have never seen them though	well that is between my two part time jobs .	wow , what do you do ?	i am a nurse . i work in the er and surgery unit	sick , i bet you have seen some pretty grotty stuff !	yes it is awesome . i must admit i love fantasy . what do you do ?	sick , i bet you have seen some pretty grotty stuff !
dull-1725	to whom do i have the pleasure of accompanying me today ?	my name is carol . how are you today ?	to whom do i have the pleasure of accompanying me today ?	my name is carol . how are you today ?	lonely carol , i sit here with my two cats stumped .	oh ? i have a siamese cat . just me and bob the cat . lonely too .	its ironic . i am a novelist . . . romance . living alone on an island far away from anyone	i sew quilts for relatives that are happier than i will ever be . retired banker .	it seems were one in the same , maybe i can use this mysterious connection	you write the novels , i will sew quilts that expound on the themes you write about .	it sounds like a match made in heaven . ironic is not it ? how lonely a romance writer is ?	That is a good question.
dull-1726	hi how are you today ?	great . and how are you doing	hi how are you today ?	great . and how are you doing	i am well great at multi tasking are you ? i like to use trash for projects	having just one leg , i have to be good at multi tasking	That is amazing.
dull-1727	hey , what do you do for a living ?	Wow, great question!
dull-1728	hi ! how are you doing today ?	i am fantastic ! how are you ?	hi ! how are you doing today ?	i am fantastic ! how are you ?	i am doing very well . thanks !	so what do you do for a living ?	i work in real estate . i have been doing it for about 12 years . what about you ?	That is very interesting.
dull-1729	hi ! do you enjoy walking ? i am going out for a walk in my garden	That is a great question.
dull-1730	hey , how has your day been ?	hello it has been alright how has yours been	hey , how has your day been ?	hello it has been alright how has yours been	great , by the way i am not good at this whole conversation thing , i am quite shy .	so am i i am only 12 year old girl	great , by the way i am not good at this whole conversation thing , i am quite shy .
dull-1731	hello , how are you today ?	hi . not so hot . i got poison ivy hiking last weekend . how are you ?	hello , how are you today ?	hi . not so hot . i got poison ivy hiking last weekend . how are you ?	I don't know what you mean by that.
dull-1732	hello there . where are you from ?	i am from canada . how about you ?	hello there . where are you from ?	i am from canada . how about you ?	interesting . i am from pennsylvania in the us .	wow , how is it there ?	it is okay . nothing special !	That is amazing.
dull-1733	hey i am brianna hows it going	hi i am fine let us get to know each other some .	hey i am brianna hows it going	hi i am fine let us get to know each other some .
dull-1734	how are you tonight ? did you go to college ?	i am good . i prefer artistic endeavors to scholarly ones . you ?	how are you tonight ? did you go to college ?	i am good . i prefer artistic endeavors to scholarly ones . you ?	well , my job is stagnant so i am considering school . what do you do ?	i earn a paycheck at a research facility cleaning cages . what would you study ?	i was thinking about nursing , the golden arches does not pay well .	That is great.
dull-1735	hello ! what do you do for a living ?	i am in school studying law	hello ! what do you do for a living ?	i am in school studying law	really ? so am i ! i want to be a lawyer .	i am the only child of lawyer parents . hopefully i will be successful .	where do you live while in school ? i live with my girlfriend and dog , max .	i live in texas . i have two years left . then off i go	fun ! do you have any hobbies ?	swimming . you ? student life does not leave me much free time .	I am happy for you!
dull-1736	hi how are you today	hi how are you doing my friend i am okay thank you .	hi how are you today	hi how are you doing my friend i am okay thank you .	good to hear where do you live	i am employed at pet smart working with pets and selling products .	that is nice i like to hike	i love working as a musician too i live in new jersey .	nice do you ever go hiking ?	cool hiking is fun . no i do not hike . i am a runner i love to run .	do you have any children then ?	That is a great question.
dull-1737	hi there , how are you ?	i am alright . finished with homeschool . you ?	hi there , how are you ?	i am alright . finished with homeschool . you ?	cool . just got back from my run . had nirvana playing on repeat . was great	i love nirvana , true story . i play bass in a metal band	hey man ! i play music myself . guitar	right on . i play everything in a side project . all metal though . lol	so what do you do for work ?	i tattoo and write for a ghost writing company . you ?	okay , now i feel a bit lame . . pet smart . haha	That is great.
dull-1738	hi , how are you tonight	i am fine . just watching some sports .	hi , how are you tonight	i am fine . just watching some sports .	monday night football ? what teams you like	i actually enjoy the steelers , do you ?	no way ! grew up california , i like the chargers	I love that.
dull-1739	hi how are you today ?	i am okay how are you today ?	hi how are you today ?	i am okay how are you today ?	i am well . i just finished reading frost . i enjoy poetry ! ! !	that is good where are you from ?	i am from ca . i love hiking through nature out here . how about you ?	ca nice i never been hiking before i live in upstate ny	ooh ny must have interesting food . i love trying new types of good at least once .	ca nice i never been hiking before i live in upstate ny
dull-1740	hello how are you ? i mistakenly ate some mango today , it bothered my allergy	i am doing very well , thank you . i am sorry to hear that .	hello how are you ? i mistakenly ate some mango today , it bothered my allergy	i am doing very well , thank you . i am sorry to hear that .	sometimes i use a british accent to become attractive	why would you do that ? i am taking my sister shopping tomorrow .	where are you going shopping ?	i am thinking buckle and macys .	sounds like a lot of fun	i am a nurse , single and no kids . she gets my money , lol	lol , i had 4 husbands , widowed three times	oh wow . that is a lot of husbands .	yes , 3 died , who would have thought i would make it through that	that would be awful . i am never getting married .	marriage can be a great thing . i enjoy being a stylist for dogs	that sounds fun . do you dye their hair crazy colors ?	only when crazy owners request it . there are safe dyes for animals	That is cool.
dull-1741	happy monday . we went to church yesterday	oh nice . i am at work right now . i am a teacher .	happy monday . we went to church yesterday	oh nice . i am at work right now . i am a teacher .	teaching is great . my family lives right around the corner from me .	i live with my husband and kids . what do you do for fun ?	we love to go hunting together . i typically drive my ford truck	cool . i like to cook and read books .	reading is relaxing . we are quite conservative	conservative is good . what else do you like to do ?	and we believe in the right to own guns , i have 3	i own one . a 22 but still learning how to use it .	what else do you enjoy ?	i enjoy teaching . currently a 3rd grade teacher .	I love that.
dull-1742	hello , how are you this evening ? i sell houses , are you looking to buy ?	i am actually quite comfortable with my living situation right now !	hello , how are you this evening ? i sell houses , are you looking to buy ?	i am actually quite comfortable with my living situation right now !	if you know anyone who is looking , let me know ! what do you do ?	i absolutely will , and are you asking about hobbies or my career ?	either or . i have young kids , i am used to running sentences together , lol	freelance work for now . practicing jujitsu to maybe teach one day !	is it jujitsu hard on your joints ?	i am just starting out so it can be . strengthening them is important , though	i would guess . how old are you ? 34 here .	i am 23 years old , and listen to ed sheeran religiously	i am not sure i know who that is .	he is a popular musician , haha ! what hobbies do you have ?	i have kids , lol . my hobbies are napping , wine and baths .	i myself enjoy pokey , long runs , and then wine with a bath ; d	i used to run . ever do the run disney races ?	i myself enjoy pokey , long runs , and then wine with a bath ; d
dull-1743	hello . how are you on this fine day ?	i am wonderful thank you . what do you like ?	hello . how are you on this fine day ?	i am wonderful thank you . what do you like ?	i love to go on trips . and you ?	watching tv , music , anything that involves home lol	i do not have much time . am in law school now .	i like ice cream and married	do you have pets ?	no we are trying for kids tho	my girlfriend wants kids . we live together .	that is nice . you have a busy day planned ?	yes . study , study , study ! how about you ?	housework it is never done and dinner	what do you like to cook ?	housework it is never done and dinner
dull-1744	hello . how are you this evening ?	great ! how are you ?	hello . how are you this evening ?	great ! how are you ?	i am alright , long day of pediatrics . , reading , and running ! all things i love .	oh wow , i just got my degree as a registered nurse !	i am alright , long day of pediatrics . , reading , and running ! all things i love .
dull-1745	hi , did you finish high school ? i never did	i did , how are you doing ?	hi , did you finish high school ? i never did	i did , how are you doing ?	good , i just got done playing frisbee i love playing it .	oh cool , i grew up playing frisbee in north dakota	that is cool ? what did you have for breakfast ? i love sardines	i had some donuts at my advertising job i started last year	i love donuts but i am just recovering from surgery so i can not eat sweets	oh no , you better take it easy	yeah but i am better now , i just miss playing frisbee	oh no , you better take it easy
dull-1746	hi , how are you tonight ?	doing pretty good . spent most the night at church . you ?	hi , how are you tonight ?	doing pretty good . spent most the night at church . you ?	i was home knitting things for kids in the hospital	well that is just too sweet . how did you get involved in that ?	Let me think what I have to say about that!
dull-1747	hi , how are you ? what are your hopes and dreams ?	hi . well , i hope i can do more camping and hiking . you ?	hi , how are you ? what are your hopes and dreams ?	That is amazing.
dull-1748	hi how are you today ?	great . and how are you doing	hi how are you today ?	great . and how are you doing	i am well great at multi tasking are you ? i like to use trash for projects	having just one leg , i have to be good at multi tasking	i do not know but my toes bother me	sorry to hear that . my wheel chair is super fast	since they are webbed an i am 5 foot	i knew someone with webbed feet in the military	how did it go ? like artist ?	i feel just too old some days	are you old ? since you feel it	i feel just too old some days
dull-1749	hello , how are you doing today ?	i am doing great . just having a few slices of bacon for breakfast . you ?	hello , how are you doing today ?	i am doing great . just having a few slices of bacon for breakfast . you ?	That question does not make sense to me.
dull-1750	hi how are you doing	hey there . how is it going ?	hi how are you doing	hey there . how is it going ?	i am good just starting out the day	have you read about pablo escobar ? i love reading biographies .	i have not read a lot about him	Wow.
dull-1751	hi there . how are you	i am good . just got back from a run .	hi there . how are you	i am good . just got back from a run .	sounds fun . i just finished my favorite show one tree hill	do you have any kids ?	sounds fun . i just finished my favorite show one tree hill
dull-1752	hello , how are you tonight ?	ok for living in the sea	hello , how are you tonight ?	ok for living in the sea	seattle ? me too , i have two room mates !	not seattle but ocean . i spend all my days at school .	nice . i graduated about two years ago , now i teach kindergarten	i like checking out the sea creatures .	i am not a fan of sea creatures . i prefer my cat . how about you ?	Let me think what I have to say about that!
dull-1753	hi . how are you tonight ?	i am well focused on fantasy you ?	hi . how are you tonight ?	i am well focused on fantasy you ?	good . binge watching one tree hill , waiting on a pizza delivery after a long day	like lord of the rings ?	i love it . we watch it a lot at the pediatric hospital i work at .	I am very happy to hear that.
dull-1754	hello , who is the creator of heaven and earth ?	hi . wow . that is quite an entrance . i say god .	hello , who is the creator of heaven and earth ?	hi . wow . that is quite an entrance . i say god .	good . do you love reading the bible ?	not as much as i should . i read as much as i can about the arctic .	so how do you see nature ?	we can learn a lot from it . i used to teach but now i explore . you ?	am a preacher of gospel and i view nature for my leisure .	cool . i take a more active role . i study polar bears and how they hunt .	wow , i also enjoy documentaries of animals in parks .	did you know that inuits learned how to ice fish by watching the bears ?	that is interesting and new to my ears .	they believe that the earth is like its own god . what would you say to that ?	that is what most people do and think also other creations .	That is cool.
dull-1755	hi , do you eat plants and meat ? because i eat both	i do , though not the dogs or the cactus i am growing	hi , do you eat plants and meat ? because i eat both	i do , though not the dogs or the cactus i am growing	nice , where do you work ? i do mostly sales	i am a criminal defense lawyer .	nice , well do you have a hobby on the side ? i love graphic design	i do photography and paint a little .	i love painting and i listen to rush my favorite band while painting	do you have any pets ? i have two pups .	no i have a lot of friends though , i was at a friends house the other day	i am in oklahoma , where are you located ?	i am here in new york city	i have visited several times , i prefer hawaii	i am here in new york city
dull-1756	hello how are you this day . just got out of school	i am ok , doing some cooking . a favorite past time . what are you going for ?	hello how are you this day . just got out of school	i am ok , doing some cooking . a favorite past time . what are you going for ?	i teach and travel the southern states	that is where i am from . down to the rebel country music !	i travelled to africa , spain , russia , korea , germany , bahamas ,	ok . that is nice . i knit baby hats for incubated babies . i am better .	i garden and it stretches for 100 feet . what are you better at ?	that is a very big garden you have there .	yes it is my love plus my biology classes .	i do not like biology . it is boring to me .	well i could change that . i make it fun and interesting .	oh you could ? and how would you do that ?	well i could change that . i make it fun and interesting .
dull-1757	hey there ! whats your favorite movie ? mine is titanic	That is a great question.
dull-1758	hi ! how are you tonight ?	I don't have a good answer to that.
dull-1759	hi want to get to know each other	sure . are you male or female ?	hi want to get to know each other	sure . are you male or female ?	i am a girl , are you ?	nope . a man . like a 40 yr old man so . . . . . . .	ha . well age does not bother me we can still be friends	unless you are under 18 , lol .	i got my first tattoo when i turned 18	what is your tattoo of ?	Wow, great question!
dull-1760	hi how are you doing tonight i am fare .	i am wonderful just relaxing ready to begin a long work week .	hi how are you doing tonight i am fare .	i am wonderful just relaxing ready to begin a long work week .	hi how are you doing tonight i am fare .
dull-1761	hi , how are you doing ?	not bad thanks . i just back from the nail salon .	hi , how are you doing ?	not bad thanks . i just back from the nail salon .	that is a fine thing to do for yourself . i like pink nail polish .	oh nice . we should go some time .	are here in southern california ?	nah . ohio . i wish though , so i could go to the beach more	well i am getting too old for the beach but you are quite far from it .	i am old though . fat and old . trying to fix that with exercise	well i am getting too old for the beach but you are quite far from it .
dull-1762	hello there my new friend	hello , what have you been doing ?	hello there my new friend	hello , what have you been doing ?	well lately i have been getting ready for ski season up on the mountain	how exciting , i just got home from walking my dog	well lately i have been getting ready for ski season up on the mountain
dull-1763	hi , how are you tonight ?	doing pretty good . spent most the night at church . you ?	hi , how are you tonight ?	doing pretty good . spent most the night at church . you ?	i was home knitting things for kids in the hospital	well that is just too sweet . how did you get involved in that ?	i am disabled so i can not work but wanted to do something meaningful	that is such a touching story . most people would not be as generous as you .	i like to think it is still good people . what do you do ?	me too ! i help build houses . it is a family business .	That is very interesting.
dull-1764	hi there , how are you tonight ?	great , i just finished a huge steak how are you ?	hi there , how are you tonight ?	great , i just finished a huge steak how are you ?	I am happy for you!
dull-1765	hi , how are you doing ?	not bad thanks . i just back from the nail salon .	hi , how are you doing ?	not bad thanks . i just back from the nail salon .	That is amazing.
dull-1766	hello , are you retired yet ? my horses will not let me anytime soon .	hi . i am not . i am eccentric and a hair stylist for dogs .	hello , are you retired yet ? my horses will not let me anytime soon .	hi . i am not . i am eccentric and a hair stylist for dogs .	Nice!
dull-1767	hello . how are you tonight ? long day of advertising .	Let me think what I have to say about that!
dull-1768	hello , how are you , how is day ?	Let me think what I have to say about that!
dull-1769	hello , how are you tonight ?	i m doing ok how are you	I am happy for you!
dull-1770	hello , how are you tonight .	hi i am doing pretty good . how are you ?	hello , how are you tonight .	hi i am doing pretty good . how are you ?	very well thank you , now that my neighbor rid my yard of the snake .	ew ! one of my three dogs would have been able to catch the snake .	i am terrified of them and spiders .	i do not like them either . what do you do for work ?	i am an engineer , boring stuff .	i am a hair dresser . i love it ! i get to be very creative !	hmm . wonder if i could get away with pink hair at my job ?	haha i am not sure . my hair is purple !	i work in a conservative environment .	haha i am not sure . my hair is purple !
dull-1771	hi how are you today	good just tired . i just got back from a long day of work . how are you ?	hi how are you today	good just tired . i just got back from a long day of work . how are you ?	i just went hiking also tired	that sounds like fun ! i love the outdoors . i especially like gardening	do you ever go camping ?	yes as long as the campsite is not near lakes or rivers ! do you ?	are you afraid of water then ?	yes , ever since i was a kid . what about you ? any crazy phobias ?	That is a great question.
dull-1772	i just finish what i usually enjoy doing mills cooking	that is good . what is mills cooking ?	That is a good question.
dull-1773	hi , how are you ? what are your hopes and dreams ?	hi . well , i hope i can do more camping and hiking . you ?	hi , how are you ? what are your hopes and dreams ?	hi . well , i hope i can do more camping and hiking . you ?	i am a single lady in a new york apartment .	Nice!
dull-1774	hello hope you having a good day ? will you chat with me awhile ?	of course ! do you like watching movies ?	hello hope you having a good day ? will you chat with me awhile ?	of course ! do you like watching movies ?	i like watching movies about the civil war . i have many civil war relics	that is cool . are you married ?	i have had four wives . three of them have passed away . i am married for now	wow , sounds like you are a black widower . . .	i have had four wives . three of them have passed away . i am married for now
dull-1775	hi ! i am a 17 year old hippie , complete with the vw beetle !	hello ! i am 24 . how are you ?	hi ! i am a 17 year old hippie , complete with the vw beetle !	hello ! i am 24 . how are you ?	i am doing very well . i am going to auburn next year , i am so excited	you are going to live there ?	i am going to go to med school there .	wow nice so this is your last year in high school .	yes , it is . are you still a student ?	i finished my bachelor degree .	nice ! how long did it take you ?	it took me 5 years as one year i was part time .	i am hoping i can go full time for all of mine .	it took me 5 years as one year i was part time .
dull-1776	i just ran around when it s about paranormal	whoa ! that is freaky ! how is that done ?	i just ran around when it s about paranormal	whoa ! that is freaky ! how is that done ?	oh it s because of those novels paranormal mall i ve read	you like books huh ? i actually sell paranormal books ?	yeah i might probably visit but i work very busy at my moms restaurant part time	sweet . maybe you can trade food for books . do you cater to omnivores ?	yeah i might probably visit but i work very busy at my moms restaurant part time
dull-1777	hey there how are you ?	not bad its a beautiful night in california and you ?	hey there how are you ?	not bad its a beautiful night in california and you ?	it is pretty cold here , like body builders ?	yes they are pretty cool	yes i try to be	haha do you ever cosplay i got into it lately at school	no i do not i just write a blog on rabbit rescues lol	nice i go to homeschool but they let me do events at public school	really that is cool you like ?	its ok parents pulled me from public saying its too dangerous	i understand i would probably do the same	what color is your hair ? i dyed mine blue and not sure why	i understand i would probably do the same
dull-1778	hello , how are you this evening ?	i am a doing great getting ready to enjoy reading a mystery .	hello , how are you this evening ?	Wow, great question!
dull-1779	hello , how are you . i just finished bathing my horses	hello , i am good . i was drinking my favorite drink ice tea .	hello , how are you . i just finished bathing my horses	hello , i am good . i was drinking my favorite drink ice tea .	i love ice tea , especially green tea . it is very healthy	i have been listening to country music all day .	i prefer the artist taylor swift	where are you from ? i originate from canada .	what do you like to do in your spare time ? and i am from memphis	Let me think what I have to say about that!
dull-1780	hi want to get to know each other ?	yes , i would like that .	hi want to get to know each other ?	yes , i would like that .	what do you do ? i am going to be a nurse	i am studying to be an investment broker .	That is cool.
dull-1781	hi . how is your day going ?	great , just got home from work . how are you ?	hi . how is your day going ?	great , just got home from work . how are you ?	not bad . the teens at the shelter were great today . what is your profession ?	i work at a help desk . so you work with homeless teens ?	yep . i am a mentor of sorts . thinking of cooking . you had supper ?	i did , i eat dinner while watching the news . what are you cooking ?	italian food . chicken alfredo . sigh .	is that not your favorite food ?	italian food . chicken alfredo . sigh .
dull-1782	hey hows your day going sir	hehe , i am actually a miss . it is going well , what about yourself ?	hey hows your day going sir	That is great.
dull-1783	hello there ! tell me about yourself ?	i for sure read an speak english	hello there ! tell me about yourself ?	i for sure read an speak english	that is helpful . i do as well and just graduated college .	i love pork , especially bacon .	bacon is good . i do not eat much meat though . do you have pets ?	really did not know lol , like bugs ? they are nasty .	That is cool.
dull-1784	hello . . . how are you today ?	i am great . just cuddling with my two cats . . and you ?	hello . . . how are you today ?	i am great . just cuddling with my two cats . . and you ?	i am doing quite well . . . i am allergic to cats and mangoes .	that sucks . i am writing a romance novel . what are your hobbies ?	i like collecting civil war antiques . i am also a dog groomer .	i reside on an island far away and it has made me an introvert .	oh my . . . . i guess we are both a bit eccentric . are you married ?	no , i just want to focus on being a writer right now . are you ?	married four times and searching for my fifth husband . what do you write ?	romance novels . do you have any children ?	That question does not make sense to me.
dull-1785	hello , how are you today ?	i am doing very well , just came back from walking my dogs .	hello , how are you today ?	i am doing very well , just came back from walking my dogs .	what kind of dogs ? i have a couple cats .	i have retrievers , they are my companions . i am an attorney .	i write for a newspaper . what kind of law do you do ?	civil , mainly for the people of my tribe in oklahoma ,	i live in hawaii . do you like oklahoma ?	not really , but it is where i am needed at the moment .	i do not have many friends .	do you go to church ? i do not , but maybe you could find some there .	Wow, great question!
dull-1786	hello ! i am getting my girls ready for school . you ?	hi ! i am getting my family ready . takes a while since there is four of us .	Nice!
dull-1787	hello ! i am getting my girls ready for school . you ?	hi ! i am getting my family ready . takes a while since there is four of us .	hello ! i am getting my girls ready for school . you ?	hi ! i am getting my family ready . takes a while since there is four of us .	there are 4 of us too . me and my 3 girls . their dad is my ex	hi ! i am getting my family ready . takes a while since there is four of us .
dull-1788	hello there . where are you from ?	i am from canada . how about you ?	hello there . where are you from ?	That question does not make sense to me.
dull-1789	hi there , how are you ?	i am alright . finished with homeschool . you ?	hi there , how are you ?	i am alright . finished with homeschool . you ?	cool . just got back from my run . had nirvana playing on repeat . was great	i love nirvana , true story . i play bass in a metal band	hey man ! i play music myself . guitar	right on . i play everything in a side project . all metal though . lol	so what do you do for work ?	i tattoo and write for a ghost writing company . you ?	okay , now i feel a bit lame . . pet smart . haha	lol ! who cares , at least you work !	haha . wanna be a police officer some day like my dad	the police around here are not too nice . they got beat up a lot in high school	oh man , where are you located ?	the police around here are not too nice . they got beat up a lot in high school
dull-1790	hi , did you finish high school ? i never did	i did , how are you doing ?	hi , did you finish high school ? i never did	i did , how are you doing ?	I see.
dull-1791	hi how are you tonight	pretty good and you tonight ?	hi how are you tonight
dull-1792	hello , how are you ? do you play poke ?	hi . i am doing great thanks for asking . i do play poker sometimes .	hello , how are you ? do you play poke ?	hi . i am doing great thanks for asking . i do play poker sometimes .	it is so relaxing , i am stressed from college . running does not always help relieve it .	sorry to hear . i walk a lot since i hike in the nature . do you hike ?	i do , i turn up ed sheeran on my ipod and go to my favorite waterfall .	do you know how to draw ? i do not . i want to learn how .	i do not . my niece , 14 , is a great artist already .	that is cool . do you like reading ? i do . mainly a lot of poetry .	i do not . my niece , 14 , is a great artist already .
dull-1793	hello , who is the creator of heaven and earth ?	hi . wow . that is quite an entrance . i say god .	hello , who is the creator of heaven and earth ?	hi . wow . that is quite an entrance . i say god .	good . do you love reading the bible ?	hi . wow . that is quite an entrance . i say god .
dull-1794	hi . just chilling to john denver after my work out . how about you ?	hi , just studying for my college exam . hows it going	I am very happy to hear that.
dull-1795	hello ! good evening . how are you doing ?	2 tired , you ? vets do not sleep	hello ! good evening . how are you doing ?	2 tired , you ? vets do not sleep	That is amazing.
dull-1796	hi . i hale from wisconsin . where are you from ?	i am from upstate newyork how is wisconsin ?	hi . i hale from wisconsin . where are you from ?	i am from upstate newyork how is wisconsin ?	cold and snowy , at least in a few months . i love it .	i like the snow what is your favorite snow activity that you like to do ?	skiing . that and curling with my two brothers .	i never tried skiing maybe one day . how old are your brothers ?	they are both older than me at 29 and 31 . do you have siblings ?	i have one sibling 17 a sister	siblings can be a lot of fun . do you like music ? i enjoy metallica .	yes i love music and metallica is okay do u like korn ?	i have never heard their music .	Wow.
dull-1797	hi , do you have any stickers i can have ?	no stickers . . but i have candy ! i always have candy	hi , do you have any stickers i can have ?	no stickers . . but i have candy ! i always have candy	That is good.
dull-1798	hello , how are you this afternoon ?	good , i just working while chatting , and you ?	hello , how are you this afternoon ?	good , i just working while chatting , and you ?	watching some youtube videos about hiking	That is cool.
dull-1799	hello , how are you doing ?	That question does not make sense to me.
dull-1800	hello how are you doing today ?	not too bad . a little sad , but such is life .	hello how are you doing today ?	not too bad . a little sad , but such is life .	why are you sad today did something happen ?	just need to lose some weight . having 3 kids will do that .	oh i can only imagine i decided long ago that i did not want kids .	smart choice ! do you like to cook ? i would be a great chef lol	no not really . so many good places to eat at in the big apple	i want to go there , but with me on days and hubby nights , it s not feasible .	its amazing my dream is to act but for now i will stick to modeling	sounds great ? do you have any pets ? we have a family cat .	That question does not make sense to me.
dull-1801	hello how are you today	tired from working the night shift . i like nursing , but it is tiring .	hello how are you today	tired from working the night shift . i like nursing , but it is tiring .	nursing is an honorable profession	what do you do for a living ? i been a nurse a long time .	nursing is an honorable profession
dull-1802	hey . how are you ? tell me something about you ?	Wow, great question!
dull-1803	how are you ? where are you from ? i am a male from texas , 28 years old .	okay , is this a speed dating thing ?	how are you ? where are you from ? i am a male from texas , 28 years old .	okay , is this a speed dating thing ?	no . i am just getting to know you . i spend most of my time online , chatting .	gotcha . i had to have a tail removed when i was born .	well , i am what is known as a furry , and i would love to have a tail .	do you like living that life style ?	i just got into it because my friends did . we hang out and play second life .	is that still a thing ? wow .	yeah , it is not as popular as it used to be .	that really brings back memories .	i wish they would come out with a new version . it looks very dated .	i have not been on that in years .	you are not missing too much .	i have not been on that in years .
dull-1804	good evening how are you ?	i am doing good how are you	good evening how are you ?	Wow, great question!
dull-1805	hey , whats going on with you	just on my daily walk . favorite part of my day . you ?	hey , whats going on with you	just on my daily walk . favorite part of my day . you ?	just got my nails done a few minutes ago	how nice ! how do they look ?	long black stiletto shaped with holo glitter	i do not get my nails done often . hard to tend to my garden with them .	i understand , gardening gloves help a lot with it	what a good idea . thank you !	i understand , gardening gloves help a lot with it
dull-1806	i just found out my friend is getting married . i do not know if that is good or bad	that is great ! family is awesome . mine lives down the street from me .	i just found out my friend is getting married . i do not know if that is good or bad	that is great ! family is awesome . mine lives down the street from me .	i was just at my other friends wedding last week but not me , i am single	are you conservative ? i am .	all of my family is an hour away . i moved for a better job in sales	hopefully the pay is worth it ! do you like ford or chevy ? my truck is a ford .	conservative is just one of those words used by the media . its all the same	i disagree . every sunday i am in church . generally the more conservative are there .	both are good but i want one of the new tesla electric cars .	oh , an electric car would be cool . that would be good for the environment .	both are good but i want one of the new tesla electric cars .
dull-1807	hey , tell me about yourself ?	i work out a lot ; i am a bodybuilder . how about you ?	That is cool.
dull-1808	hi there , how are you ?	i am alright . finished with homeschool . you ?	hi there , how are you ?	i am alright . finished with homeschool . you ?	cool . just got back from my run . had nirvana playing on repeat . was great	i love nirvana , true story . i play bass in a metal band	hey man ! i play music myself . guitar	right on . i play everything in a side project . all metal though . lol	so what do you do for work ?	Let me think what I have to say about that!
dull-1809	hi there , what is your favorite band to listen to ?	i like the beatles how about you ?	hi there , what is your favorite band to listen to ?	i like the beatles how about you ?	I love that.
dull-1810	hi , have any plans for this sunday ?	i do i plan to skip school	Wow.
dull-1811	hi , how are you ?	i am doing good . listening to some john denver .	hi , how are you ?	i am doing good . listening to some john denver .	awesome ! i am a huge music fan . taylor swift is my absolute favorite singer	oh . what do you like to do ?	what do you like to do in your spare time ?	i love horses . i grew up on a ranch .	that must have been great .	it was . i also like to garden and cook .	how fun ! i attend a cooking class here in the city .	what is your favorite thing to cook ?	the grocery store i work at sells amazing fresh veggies .	i use a lot of the veggies i grow to cook with .	i like to cook up a nice stir fry	i try to eat healthy . i work out a lot .	i try to stay fit by walking instead of taking the subway .	i try to eat healthy . i work out a lot .
dull-1812	how is this lovely evening treating you ?	it is awesome . how are you ?	how is this lovely evening treating you ?	it is awesome . how are you ?	doing well , feet a little tired after showing 4 houses in the last 2 hours !	I am happy for you!
dull-1813	how is your day going so far ?	good , just gardening in my large garden !	how is your day going so far ?	good , just gardening in my large garden !	that sounds fun ! i am tending to my meat rabbits	meat rabbits ? do you like traveling ? i love it	i hike and camp in the mountains does that count ?	yes , definitely . i have been to 6 countries actually .	i enjoy meat , find it healthier to raise and butcher myself	that sounds so harsh , but i like meat as well . i guess i get it	i blast my stereo in my truck chop chop chop	do you live out in the country ?	yes my daddy is retired from male stripping	i would love to meet him , i am a big fan of strippers .	my mum is not ! she works in the hospital .	bless her soul . i am a biology professor	my mum is not ! she works in the hospital .
dull-1814	hi how are you doing tonight ?	i am alright , just listening to music . you ?	hi how are you doing tonight ?	i am alright , just listening to music . you ?	i am doing a lot of studying for law school	that sounds intense . i am only in my last year of college now	it is intense . i wish i could travel more but i am so busy studying	it will pay off one day !	i hope so . i want to propose to my live in girlfriend	oh my gosh , that is wonderful ! i am sure she will say yes	i hope so ! are you in a relationship ?	i am too busy with sports .	what sports do you play ? i like adventure like zip lining in the rainforest	i play basketball for my university	awesome ! what position do you play ?	i am a point guard	do you travel a lot with your team ? sounds like fun	i am a point guard
dull-1815	hi how are you today ?	i am okay how are you today ?	hi how are you today ?	i am okay how are you today ?	i am well . i just finished reading frost . i enjoy poetry ! ! !	that is good where are you from ?	i am from ca . i love hiking through nature out here . how about you ?	That is good.
dull-1816	i just finish what i usually enjoy doing mills cooking	that is good . what is mills cooking ?	i just finish what i usually enjoy doing mills cooking	That is cool.
dull-1817	hello , how are you this evening ?	i m good i m playing for my next travel and adventure	Wow.
dull-1818	hi . i hale from wisconsin . where are you from ?	i am from upstate newyork how is wisconsin ?	hi . i hale from wisconsin . where are you from ?	I see.
dull-1819	hello how are you this evening ?	hello good i start my first in college next year	hello how are you this evening ?	hello good i start my first in college next year	awesome ! i plan on starting hairdresser school	my parent are forcing me to become a doctor	being a doctor is good but do not like that youre being forced	since they brought me a volkswagen they been acting controlling	too bad . i have a fish aquarium with exotic fish its beautiful	cool . i love the mall and fashion	i also have a very neat vintage 50	what is a vintage 50	i pressed enter by mistake lol a vintage 50s collection of cool stuff	wow i would love to see that it sounds cool	yes . a bit of trivia about me . for breakfast i eat granola almost everyday	hmm . i just turned 17 and in my last year of hs	then you have the whole world ahead of you	hmm . i just turned 17 and in my last year of hs
dull-1820	yo hows it hanging tonight	its going well . just got done with a singing gig . you ?	yo hows it hanging tonight	its going well . just got done with a singing gig . you ?	i am in the hospital with stitches in my cornea	so sorry to hear that . reminds me of a horror movie i just watched	yep . it was pretty much horror flick guy came at me with a broken bottle	wow where did that happen ? things never happen like that in south carolina	feeling no pain but its an army hospital so its not going to last . . . bar fight	are you in trouble ?	oh hells yeah . i will not see daylight for a long time	what caused this ? i seen a sick bar fight before i graduated college	i do not remember . i know the guy was an ugly f with four arms	I see.
dull-1821	hey , how are you today ? i just got home from work .	me too . i am an office secretary . what do you do ? ?	hey , how are you today ? i just got home from work .	me too . i am an office secretary . what do you do ? ?	right now , just at a fast food place , but i am job searching also .	cool ! i am lucy . i want a new job too , but just finished my degree last year .	what degree did you get ? i might want to go to college .	an four year degree in business , but i also played soccer . what would you study ?	i am not sure , i would probably have to talk to my uncle about it .	glad he supports you . what do you enjoy doing ? i like eating candy	i like eating ice cream , and stalking my parents on social media .	why do you stalk your family ? do they not speak to you ?	they gave me to my aunt and uncle . i do not really know them .	so sorry to hear that , but it sounds like your uncle is a good support .	they gave me to my aunt and uncle . i do not really know them .
dull-1822	hello . how are you doing today ?	i am good , just got home .	hello . how are you doing today ?	i am good , just got home .	what kind of work do you do ?	i am a model for a magazine .	small world . i am a model as well .	oh , where do you live ?	right now in ohio . originally from california . and you ?	That is amazing.
dull-1823	hello , how are you . i just finished bathing my horses	hello , i am good . i was drinking my favorite drink ice tea .	hello , how are you . i just finished bathing my horses
dull-1824	hello , how are you tonight ?	how are you doing this late night let us chat .	hello , how are you tonight ?	how are you doing this late night let us chat .	i am doing very well . i have biology homework .	oh i do not think i could do that was never to good in the study .	i do not party , nor do i drink .	wonderful cool but i did get my diploma from school to college .	very nice . do you travel a lot ?	so so i used to travel a lot from new jersey to atlantic city .	is atlantic city nice ? i heard it was kind of trashy now .	it was when i was going but now it probably is not so nice now .	i have always wanted to visit , i still may .	my best kind of hobby i like is entertaining board games and gambling .	i like to gamble as well , planning a trip to vegas soon .	my best kind of hobby i like is entertaining board games and gambling .
dull-1825	hi , merna here . single , 32 and scared of dogs . you ?	dave , 40 . college biology professor	hi , merna here . single , 32 and scared of dogs . you ?	dave , 40 . college biology professor	oh okay . i am a good cook too !	cool , i grow my own vegetables in my garden	great ! hi dave . you own or rent your home ? i rent .	i own one here and one in europe . i travel often	hmmm . any peas in that garden professor dave ?	That is a good question.
dull-1826	hello how are you tonight ?	good evening , i swear i am exhausted	hello how are you tonight ?	good evening , i swear i am exhausted	me too , i just got back from walking . i love walking in the crips air	in the crips ? like books ? my name jordan by the way also	sorry crisp air , helps when i travel	oh i got it now like animals ? or have any ?	several , they love to eat the veggies out of my large garden	cool , i am a vet , i love live music on the weekend	i am a biology teacher , i love music helps me relax between papers	really ? i do also an i read	traveling is something i love to do in the summer time on my down time .	that is cool i stay in florida but from cali	i have been to six countries , we try to hit a different me each year	a different you ? like games ? i like xbox games	good thing i do not teach spelling i can not seem to tonight	Awesome!
dull-1827	hi ! i just got back from a run . what are you doing ?	hello , i am just playing some online poker .	hi ! i just got back from a run . what are you doing ?	hello , i am just playing some online poker .	I love that.
dull-1828	hi ! i love to party and jam to metallica . what are your hobbies ?	i enjoy spending time with my 3 girls not my ex though	hi ! i love to party and jam to metallica . what are your hobbies ?	i enjoy spending time with my 3 girls not my ex though
dull-1829	good morning ? do you have any jobs	good afternoon from pennsylvania . i am currently a medical scribe preparing to apply to medical school .	good morning ? do you have any jobs	I don't have a good answer to that.
dull-1830	hello how are you ?	i am doing well , how are you ?	hello how are you ?	That is a good question.
dull-1831	hello ! how was your day ?	hi i am joanna and i just graduated from usc . how are you ?	hello ! how was your day ?	hi i am joanna and i just graduated from usc . how are you ?	i am doing okay , but it was kind of a rough day at work .	my day was great . i was singing all day . i do it professionally	oh , nice ! what type of music do you enjoy the most ?	what kind of work ? i like it all but mostly jazz and rock .	Wow.
dull-1832	hello . i am eating sausage and bacon for breakfast . what are you having ?	i just finished bacon and pancakes .	I am happy for you!
dull-1833	hi how are you today	hi how are you doing my friend i am okay thank you .	hi how are you today	hi how are you doing my friend i am okay thank you .	good to hear where do you live	i am employed at pet smart working with pets and selling products .	good to hear where do you live
dull-1834	hi how are you today	hi how are you doing my friend i am okay thank you .	hi how are you today	hi how are you doing my friend i am okay thank you .	good to hear where do you live	i am employed at pet smart working with pets and selling products .	that is nice i like to hike	i love working as a musician too i live in new jersey .	nice do you ever go hiking ?	cool hiking is fun . no i do not hike . i am a runner i love to run .	do you have any children then ?	yes my most liked music band is nirvana , what is yours ?	anything when i drive my civic around	That is very interesting.
dull-1835	hi how are you doing tonight i am fare .	i am wonderful just relaxing ready to begin a long work week .	hi how are you doing tonight i am fare .	i am wonderful just relaxing ready to begin a long work week .	i tend to eat fish sardines in the morning for breakfast do you ?	no i like barbecue more than fish .	yes good for you i like playing with the frisbee do you ? barbecue tasty .	i have tried it . i used my free time to lift weights . do you lift ?	no to heavy for me i love animals have two huge dogs .	Nice!
dull-1836	hello , how are you tonight ?	i am hungry how about you ?	hello , how are you tonight ?	I love that.
dull-1837	hey there whats for dinner for you ? i want pizza	i am cooking s vegan tuscan pasta tonight !	hey there whats for dinner for you ? i want pizza	i am cooking s vegan tuscan pasta tonight !	i love going to my moms restaurant for pizza its soooo good	i love pizza too but i cook it myself since i enjoy cooking . do you work ?	i do not work really i am the youngest of 6 but older then 1	oh cool ! i do not work right now . . i am on disability . . just had a baby !	i am so excited , my mom hates it lol	haha what kind of music do you enjoy ? i like country !	i kind of stutter when i am geeked lol an yes i like it all	whats geeked ? i like everything except gospel	That is a good question.
dull-1838	hello , how are you doing tonight ?	i am well an loving this interaction how are you ?	hello , how are you doing tonight ?	i am well an loving this interaction how are you ?	i am great . i just got back from the club .	this is my favorite time of the year season wise	i would rather eat chocolate cake during this season .	what club did you go to ? me an timothy watched tv	i went to club chino . what show are you watching ?	lol oh okay kind of random	do you live in a house or apartment ?	we watched a show about animals like him	That is cool.
dull-1839	hi i am darlene and my family comes from canada .	hello how are you today ?	hi i am darlene and my family comes from canada .	hello how are you today ?	i am good , i love music especially country , how about you ?	i love to wake up before the sun shines .	i am a late sleeper but my favorite drink happens to be iced tea , do you have one ?	i love creating kids pop up books .	sounds like a lot of fun , i enjoy web design , the coding part of it .	my town population is only 2000 people .	wow everyone must know each other , i live in a large city .	i am my daughter teacher at homeschooling .	sounds interesting , although i would not have the patience .	i hate cats they make me sneeze	i like cats and dogs but have no pets or kids .	what are your plans for this evening ?	i hope to get some coding done while relaxing with my iced tea , you ?	I am very happy to hear that.
dull-1840	hello ! good evening . how are you ?	i am doing well . how about yourself ?	hello ! good evening . how are you ?	i am doing well . how about yourself ?	i am doing well a bit tired .	what did you do today ?	i am doing well a bit tired .
dull-1841	hi how are you today	i am great , how are you ?	hi how are you today	i am great , how are you ?	pretty good do you work	i am in publishing , heading to nyc next year for my job	do you get your nails done ?	i do , i keep them short though because i skate	I see.
dull-1842	hi , how are you today ?	doing great , how are you ?	hi , how are you today ?	doing great , how are you ?	I am happy for you!
dull-1843	hello , how are you tonight ?	doing well , just listening to some bach . yourself ?	hello , how are you tonight ?	doing well , just listening to some bach . yourself ?	waiting for my sister to come home so we can go shopping .	i thought about going out tonight , but the insects are bad , and i hate them .	me too . a man had spider bites when i was interning in the er .	are you a doctor , i work as an engineer in the army .	i am a registered nurse . i am so excited for my first job .	that sounds exciting . do you know any languages , i only know english .	same here . only english . my sister speaks russian .	i would like to learn japanese . and visit there someday . anywhere you would like to go ?	anywhere . everywhere . but first , cuba .	are you from cuba ?	anywhere . everywhere . but first , cuba .
dull-1844	good evening , how are you ?	very well , how are you ?	I don't have a good answer to that.
dull-1845	hi . just chilling to john denver after my work out . how about you ?	hi , just studying for my college exam . hows it going	hi . just chilling to john denver after my work out . how about you ?	hi , just studying for my college exam . hows it going	good . what are you taking in college ?	what kind of music do you like to listen to ?	john denver . how about you ?	i love playing sports so i am studying in the field of sports medicine .	interesting . work out each day myself . what sports do you like ?	what do you do on the weekends ?	Awesome!
dull-1846	hi how are you today	hey there i am fine and you ?	Wow, great question!
dull-1847	i sure hope you like hobbits !	i do lol do you like to be cared for ?	i sure hope you like hobbits !	i do lol do you like to be cared for ?	most definitely , especially by hobbits .	like animals ? i have several of them	i do , but i am never home , two jobs . . . so i cannot take care of them	i understand that i have 1 cat 2 dogs	that is a lot of work . when i am home , i mostly try to write	i get that i do , like bikes ?	i am sorry , are you asking if i like bikes ?	Let me think what I have to say about that!
dull-1848	good evening , what are you doing tonight ?	hi . how are you ? i just got in from working on my car .	good evening , what are you doing tonight ?	I don't know what you mean by that.
dull-1849	hello , how are you today ?	i am doing very well , trying to figure out which barbeque restaurant to have dinner .	hello , how are you today ?	i am doing very well , trying to figure out which barbeque restaurant to have dinner .	oh that sounds great ! i have some muffins baking in the oven as a treat for myself .	that sounds lovely . a lady i play racquetball with makes some great muffins .	big into racquetball ? i think the only exercise i get lately is walking my dog pedro .	i am . i am an admin assistant , and have to stay active all i can .	sounds cushy , i run around a lot since i am in the healthcare field .	it is stressful . i listen to fifties music to relax and remain calm .	i like to wind down with films , so i can relate .	i love old films . bogie is one of my favorites .	you are into a lot of classic stuff i take it ?	i am . i was born in the wrong era , lol	That is great.
dull-1850	hi , i am married and have a husband , he is my world , i love him	my collection of stickers and poetry are mine lol	hi , i am married and have a husband , he is my world , i love him	my collection of stickers and poetry are mine lol	nice , do you watch anything on tv for fun ?	i like jane the virgin	nice , i love watching movies and shows and i love tv	me to but i want to learn the art of drawing	what kind of drawing ? who inspired you ?	anything and everything pictures , stickers , beautiful scenes	That is great.
dull-1851	hi ! how are you tonight ?	good ! how are you doing ?	hi ! how are you tonight ?	good ! how are you doing ?	i am great ! just got home from choir practice .	welcome home . i got home awhile ago from my hair stylist job .	choir is just for fun . i am a mentor for troubled teens .	sounds like an important job . what do you do for fun ?	softball and choir take up most of my free time . you ?	i really love to watch football every sunday .	i enjoy watching football when there is a wide array of food involved !	oh i like to eat cheese pizza while i watch as it is a favorite of mine .	italian food is what i would choose !	italian is quite good . anything in particular ?	That is a good question.
dull-1852	hello , how are you tonight ?	eating some yummy eggplant parmigiana . it is so good .	hello , how are you tonight ?	eating some yummy eggplant parmigiana . it is so good .	i grilled a bear steak earlier , it was awesome .	my dad in australia grills good steak .	does he go to church regularly ?	Let me think what I have to say about that!
dull-1853	hi , i am a body builder . do you like sports ?	no , i am too busy working two part time jobs .	hi , i am a body builder . do you like sports ?	no , i am too busy working two part time jobs .	i hear ya . i work two jobs as well . do you like country music ?	no , i like to write and read books .	oh really ? me too . what kind of books do you read ?	i love fantasy . i am a huge fan ! what kind of books do you like ?	fantasy also and true crime . i also ran a blog about rabbits .	i wish to write a book someday . a book about dragons .	you can totally do it ! how old are you ?	i am 25 years old . i have an active imagination .	do you also like to draw dragons ?	yes , one of my jobs is in a comic shop . are you an athlete ?	oh wow , cool ! yes , i body build competitively .	are you a personal trainer ? is that your second job ?	yes , i am . i also work in information technology running a county website .	I am happy for you!
dull-1854	what are you getting into tonight ?	what do you mean by that ?	what are you getting into tonight ?	what do you mean by that ?	nothing really . what are you up to ?	i was at the beach earlier , i live on this small island called edris island	i wish i had time to go to the beach	why are you so busy ?	i am always working . but i have worked there forever	I like that.
dull-1855	hello there , how are you today ? i just got back from a run	hi , i am ok . i play soccer so run a lot	hello there , how are you today ? i just got back from a run	Let me think what I have to say about that!
dull-1856	i am in school to be a nurse .	great , i am also a student for 2 more years	i am in school to be a nurse .	great , i am also a student for 2 more years	that is awesome ! ever since marty went i have been attached to my sister !	oh , i do not have siblings so i am not sure what that is like	it is nice . to help people as a nurse too i understand peoples pain .	are you in a hospital treating folks	not currently . that would be dangerous haha	who is marty relation to you	marty was my husband . i just enjoyed his company so much .	oh i see , well have a great evening	marty was my husband . i just enjoyed his company so much .
dull-1857	hi there , how are you ?	i am alright . finished with homeschool . you ?	hi there , how are you ?	That is amazing.
dull-1858	hello how are you today	i am well how are you	hello how are you today	i am well how are you	i am doing great . its dreary so i am watching tv .	its nice here i am on the porch cross stitching	that sounds very relaxing . is it sunny ?	That is a good question.
dull-1859	hello , how are you tonight ? are you watching the office	hi ! i am well , thanks . i actually just got back from a hike .	Awesome!
dull-1860	hi , how are you today ?	i am good ! do you have any hobbies ?	hi , how are you today ?	i am good ! do you have any hobbies ?	yes ! i love to garden and then cook from what i grow . do you ?	gardening sounds amazing ! i like to listen to metallica in my free time .	really ? john denver is more my style as a musician .	that is cool ! where do you work at ?	I like that.
dull-1861	hello , how are you . i just finished bathing my horses	hello , i am good . i was drinking my favorite drink ice tea .	hello , how are you . i just finished bathing my horses	hello , i am good . i was drinking my favorite drink ice tea .	i love ice tea , especially green tea . it is very healthy	i have been listening to country music all day .	i prefer the artist taylor swift	where are you from ? i originate from canada .	what do you like to do in your spare time ? and i am from memphis	That is good.
dull-1862	hi there how are you tonight ?	oh just hungry an you ?	hi there how are you tonight ?	oh just hungry an you ?	just seing videos of me with the family hunting	cool , where at ? my hair blue	my house i am a typical country redneck as others say	oh why ? i am schooled at home	because i have a ford truck , i go to mass every sunday and enjoy hunting lol	That is good.
dull-1863	hello , how are you , how is day ?	pretty good thanks and you ?	hello , how are you , how is day ?	pretty good thanks and you ?	i fine thanks , my dream is fashion designer , and you ?	i have lots of dreams but work at mcdonalds	what is your hobbies and dreams ?	i run fast that is about it	are you married parson or single ?	i am single . i dropped out of school	oh , i am married person but i want children but nor now	i live in terrible apartment complex	my friend took my boyfriend in my school	they stole them from you ?	yes , my parents wish is i was growing up	yeah i can understand that feeling	ok , how is going your work	yeah i can understand that feeling
dull-1864	hello , how are you tonight ?	ok for living in the sea	I am happy for you!
dull-1865	good morning , how are you ?	i am fine how is your day ?	good morning , how are you ?	That is good.
dull-1866	hi how are you today	good , you ? enjoying a lazy day with my dog , max	hi how are you today	good , you ? enjoying a lazy day with my dog , max	do you have any other pets	no , i am living in the dorms with my girlfriend . one pet limit	i see do you like to write ?	used to , but the homework for my studies burnt me out gonna be a lawyer	what did you use to write	used to , but the homework for my studies burnt me out gonna be a lawyer
dull-1867	how are you today ? i am doing great myself	i am great ! it is hot here in south carolina today .	how are you today ? i am doing great myself	i am great ! it is hot here in south carolina today .	I see.
dull-1868	i sure hope you like hobbits !	i do lol do you like to be cared for ?	i sure hope you like hobbits !	i do lol do you like to be cared for ?	most definitely , especially by hobbits .	like animals ? i have several of them	i do , but i am never home , two jobs . . . so i cannot take care of them	i understand that i have 1 cat 2 dogs	that is a lot of work . when i am home , i mostly try to write	i get that i do , like bikes ?	i am sorry , are you asking if i like bikes ?	yes i am do you ride ? i do	for sure do not . the love of hobbits did not hint to that ?	what are those i am lost	lord of the rings , have you seen it ?	yes i have you must love it	I like that.
dull-1869	hi , what is up with you ?	fine and am just sipping my wine at the moment .	I see.
dull-1870	hey how are you doing today ?	hi there i am great how are you doing ?	hey how are you doing today ?	hi there i am great how are you doing ?	great , what do you like to do for fun ?	right now i am in the military to help me route my anger .	is that a good way to route your anger ?	i would like killing me those who wanna bring harm to my nation	that is interesting . my job is much less exciting . i work a petsmart	oh so you get to see all those annoying animals	yeah but it just pays the bills so i can focus on my band .	what kind of music do you guys play ?	mostly rock , nirvana is a major influence on a lot of what we do .	That is very interesting.
dull-1871	hey , how are you today ? i just got home from work .	Wow, great question!
dull-1872	hello there , how are you ?	hey i am fine how about you	hello there , how are you ?	That question does not make sense to me.
dull-1873	hey are you still there ?	hello , yes i am here	hey are you still there ?	hello , yes i am here	what did you do today ?	just my usual routine , working , coming home . what about you ?	i went to work at the bank ,	i actually help out at my animal shelter today so that is a bonus	i had to pick up my 2 boys from soccer practice	do you like listening to music in your free time ?	usually when i am driving i like to zone out to music	that is not a good thing , i would say	it relaxes me lol	that is not a good thing , i would say
dull-1874	hi , i am married and have a husband , he is my world , i love him	my collection of stickers and poetry are mine lol	hi , i am married and have a husband , he is my world , i love him	my collection of stickers and poetry are mine lol	nice , do you watch anything on tv for fun ?	i like jane the virgin	nice , i love watching movies and shows and i love tv	me to but i want to learn the art of drawing	what kind of drawing ? who inspired you ?	anything and everything pictures , stickers , beautiful scenes	nice , lets go sometime when your free , are you a girl or guy ?	i am a female do you mind	That is amazing.
dull-1875	hello there ! tell me about yourself ?	i for sure read an speak english	hello there ! tell me about yourself ?	i for sure read an speak english	that is helpful . i do as well and just graduated college .	i love pork , especially bacon .	bacon is good . i do not eat much meat though . do you have pets ?	Wow, great question!
dull-1876	hi there how ar you doing	i am doing great , how are you doing ?	hi there how ar you doing	i am doing great , how are you doing ?	excellent . where are you from	That is very interesting.
dull-1877	hi how are you today	i am well , studying for an exam	hi how are you today	i am well , studying for an exam	for college or for what ?	yes college . working on a degree in marine biology	nice i love fish and that stuff	sounds fun , unlike kids my age i do not drink , smoke or party	straight edge is the way to go minor threat says	i guess . what do you do	i just go to the gym all day really	you must be very strong then	i just go to the gym all day really
dull-1878	hey there . i am a 40 year old male . tell me about yourself .	i am female 45 . i love novels about paranormal romances .	hey there . i am a 40 year old male . tell me about yourself .	i am female 45 . i love novels about paranormal romances .	interesting . i do not read much . sitting still makes me uncomfortable .	i feel sad because i stutter whenever i am excited .	one of my kids stutters . i am a single dad .	i am the assistant manager at my mothers restaurant .	that sounds like a fun job . i am a carpenter . i love building with my hands .	i wish it was full time , it is just part time . nice , a carpenter ?	That is a good question.
dull-1879	how are you doing today	i am well and you ? i write science fiction as a hobby	how are you doing today	i am well and you ? i write science fiction as a hobby	what have you written recently	i have a 8 year degree in engineering from mit	what do you do with it	nothing lately , do you have any hobbies ?	dancing is my favorite activity	nothing it just sounds good , my fears of snakes and spiders	that would be an interesting fear if you write sci fi	i have no kids , and i still am unmarried	are you thinking about kids	where are you from ? no on the kids	are you thinking about kids
dull-1880	hello how are you today ?	hi , i am good , i just moved into a new house i bought ! you ?	hello how are you today ?	hi , i am good , i just moved into a new house i bought ! you ?	that is great . my family lives on my road .	cool dude . any plans for tonight ? i am dancing at the club , i love it .	i would go to the club but tomorrow is sunday and i always go to church .	what church do you go to ? do they have candy ? i love candy !	it is a very conservative church because i am conservative .	oh in which ways are you ?	i am conservative also by buying american vehicles such as my ford pickup truck .	that is neat . i have a dog in school because he is so bad .	wow . i have a dog as well because i love hunting .	do you ever take pictures of yourself hunting and post them ?	wow . i have a dog as well because i love hunting .
dull-1881	hey , nice to meet you . what are you hobbies ?	That is a great question.
dull-1882	hi , how are you today ?	good , i am in sales , what do you do for your work ?	hi , how are you today ?	good , i am in sales , what do you do for your work ?	i am enjoying a glass of wine , and you ?	i am listening to rush , i love them	i work from home as a skater	cool beans , do you have any other hobbies then sales ?	i like bluegrass , have you heard of that music ?	yeah but i do not like it	well , i like to read and watch youtube videos and you ?	i like to eat meat and plants , i eat both	Awesome!
dull-1883	i am just sitting here making a dress . how are you ?	i am fine , just left the hospital	i am just sitting here making a dress . how are you ?	i am fine , just left the hospital
dull-1884	hi , what is up with you ?	fine and am just sipping my wine at the moment .	hi , what is up with you ?	fine and am just sipping my wine at the moment .	sounds good . where are you from ?	am from georgia usa and you ?	That is a good question.
dull-1885	hello , how are you tonight ? do you like horses ?	hello i am good , and yes i do would rather have them than kids tho	hello , how are you tonight ? do you like horses ?	hello i am good , and yes i do would rather have them than kids tho	i live on a horse farm . the cowboys expect fresh veggies for dinner .	lol wow can they not cook for themselves ?	they work hard , we have over 5000 acres .	oh ok well than good thing that have you .	at times , yes . do you like john denver ?	who is that ? i am a city girl with no life	a country singer . an old one	That is amazing.
dull-1886	yo hows it hanging tonight	its going well . just got done with a singing gig . you ?	yo hows it hanging tonight	its going well . just got done with a singing gig . you ?	i am in the hospital with stitches in my cornea	so sorry to hear that . reminds me of a horror movie i just watched	yep . it was pretty much horror flick guy came at me with a broken bottle	wow where did that happen ? things never happen like that in south carolina	feeling no pain but its an army hospital so its not going to last . . . bar fight	are you in trouble ?	Wow, great question!
dull-1887	hey there how are you today ?	i am doing good . so tell me where you are from ?	hey there how are you today ?	i am doing good . so tell me where you are from ?	i am from new york . i am in college soon .	i love new york . i stay in texas . what are your hobbies ?	my hobbies are fashion an clothes !	fashion is cool . i am an avid gamer playing second life .	awesome ! what is second life ? never heard of it	it is an online game where i portray a furry .	really ? cool , what kind of car do you drive ?	That is a good question.
dull-1888	its fall ! finally time for the snow to come ! !	i am from australia so i lobe a good snowfall	its fall ! finally time for the snow to come ! !	i am from australia so i lobe a good snowfall	i love australia . i went there to see metallica once ! !	cool but i live in the usa . what city are you in ?	i am was born in wisconsin but moved at 17 to oklahoma	i am in miami , i love america	its incredible right ? i am a manger consultant so growing this country is awesome	your job sound s interesting	I like that.
dull-1889	hello , how are you tonight ? are you a gamer like me ?	That question does not make sense to me.
dull-1890	hi there how are you tonight ?	oh just hungry an you ?	hi there how are you tonight ?	oh just hungry an you ?	just seing videos of me with the family hunting	cool , where at ? my hair blue	my house i am a typical country redneck as others say	oh why ? i am schooled at home	because i have a ford truck , i go to mass every sunday and enjoy hunting lol	really ? i am to young i am a teen	well what do you do for fun ?	where you live me an my bff robot live in cali	in wisconsin but i might be moving to chicago for work	this is not any good mr hunter	well the wind will be one thing to adjust and the big city	this is not any good mr hunter
dull-1891	good evening how are you ?	i am doing good how are you	good evening how are you ?	i am doing good how are you	i am fine . just playing basketball at the moment	how are you doing that and working on a hit	i am fine . just getting off work	nice where do you work	in nyc for a program that mentors troubled teens	nice where do you work
dull-1892	hi there , how are you ?	hey ! i am great , thanks for asking . how are you ?	hi there , how are you ?	hey ! i am great , thanks for asking . how are you ?	doing good . just got in from work . sales can be rough	oh that does sound rough , i want to do fashion .	that sounds cool . i sometimes do graphic design for fashion .	that sounds awesome ! that is what i want to do . fashion design .	its just a hobby of mine really . you like the band , rush ?	i have never listened to them . i prefered pop growing up .	that is all they played last week at my friends wedding .	i have never listened to them . i prefered pop growing up .
dull-1893	hey there . i am a student who needs money	i am a nurse , caring for people is what i love to do	hey there . i am a student who needs money	i am a nurse , caring for people is what i love to do	oh that is sounds exciting . i am studying to be a marine biologist	i enjoy riding my bike with my 2 dogs	oh that is cool . wanna go to a party ?	I don't know what you mean by that.
dull-1894	hello . what are you up to ?	just bought a house ! figuring out where to put everything	hello . what are you up to ?	just bought a house ! figuring out where to put everything	cool . where did you buy a house at	san francisco ! what are you up to ?	oh . i live in a small pennsylvania town . i am making crafts	that is great ! is that what you do for a living ?	i sell crafts . it actually brings in a lot of money . what do you do ?	i train dogs and run an obedience school	i love dogs . but sadly i am allergic to them and cats	the ones i train are so cute ! i take a lot of pics with them	i bet . i get up early every morning to watch my neighbors walk their dogs	nice ! what do you do in your free time ?	there is not much to do in my town . so i just read mostly	that is nice . i love sweets so i bake a lot . then i dance it off !	sounds great . you can bake for me as well lol	that is nice . i love sweets so i bake a lot . then i dance it off !
dull-1895	hi want to be friends with me	hello , are you a musician ?	hi want to be friends with me	hello , are you a musician ?	i am how did you know	i am as well , small world .	my father was a cop . he was not thrilled when i started a band	mine was too . i love nirvana .	i bet we could go for a morning jog together	that would be wonderful , have you ever done run disney ?	Wow, great question!
dull-1896	hi there how is everything going	everything is going great . how is it with you ?	hi there how is everything going	everything is going great . how is it with you ?	things are okay , but could be better	is something the matter ? i would like to help .	That is a great question.
dull-1897	hi . i hale from wisconsin . where are you from ?	i am from upstate newyork how is wisconsin ?	hi . i hale from wisconsin . where are you from ?	i am from upstate newyork how is wisconsin ?	cold and snowy , at least in a few months . i love it .	i like the snow what is your favorite snow activity that you like to do ?	skiing . that and curling with my two brothers .	i never tried skiing maybe one day . how old are your brothers ?	skiing . that and curling with my two brothers .
dull-1898	hi here i am in sunny california . where do you live ?	i live in florida but my family is from toronto	hi here i am in sunny california . where do you live ?	i live in florida but my family is from toronto	oh i see . moving to the east coast next year to the big apple .	cool . how old are you ?	now i am 23 and acting is my profession . also do a little runway modeling .	nice . i am 16 and i would like to be in the army	what do you do for fun ? in california most do surfing .	i like making websites and i drink a lot of lipton	you are too young for the army better look elsewhere .	what type of job should i look at ?	you are too young for the army better look elsewhere .
dull-1899	hello , how are you today ?	hi , my mother and i own a restaurant . you like pizza ?	hello , how are you today ?	hi , my mother and i own a restaurant . you like pizza ?	That is a great question.
dull-1900	hi , i have a cat , dog , bird and fish . no children . no soda just water .	you have a lot of pets	hi , i have a cat , dog , bird and fish . no children . no soda just water .	you have a lot of pets	yes ! you ? i like being by myself .	i have two kids . that keeps me busy enough . lol	great ! i work for ups part time .	that is a busy job especially around the holidays	true ! single life is great . married ?	actually not anymore . it is a long story	i see . i live by myself and love bottled water . you ?	i like bottled water too	good for you ! i do clerical work for ups . you work ?	Wow, great question!
dull-1901	hello , how are you tonight ? do you know where edris island is ?	i do not . i work in an animal shelter tho . i am the cleaner there .	hello , how are you tonight ? do you know where edris island is ?	i do not . i work in an animal shelter tho . i am the cleaner there .	that is okay , i have a dog , ralph .	i love dogs . i like them better than humans at times .	same here . my parents passed and it is only my sister and i .	you like music ? simple plan is my fav . band .	my favorite is oomph . have you heard of them ?	no i have not . what genre are they ?	I love that.
dull-1902	hey ! do you like music ? i like metallica .	i like country music mostly	hey ! do you like music ? i like metallica .	I don't know what you mean by that.
dull-1903	hello , how are you this evening ?	hi , animal lover here , two hound dogs and a trio of cats .	hello , how are you this evening ?	hi , animal lover here , two hound dogs and a trio of cats .
dull-1904	hi there . how are you	i am good . just got back from a run .	hi there . how are you	i am good . just got back from a run .	sounds fun . i just finished my favorite show one tree hill	do you have any kids ?	I don't know what you mean by that.
dull-1905	hi how are you today	good just tired . i just got back from a long day of work . how are you ?	hi how are you today	good just tired . i just got back from a long day of work . how are you ?	i just went hiking also tired	that sounds like fun ! i love the outdoors . i especially like gardening	do you ever go camping ?	yes as long as the campsite is not near lakes or rivers ! do you ?	are you afraid of water then ?	yes , ever since i was a kid . what about you ? any crazy phobias ?	nothing really sorry to let you down	that is good ! what are you doing right now ? i am watching the game	what is the score to it ? listening to music	14 10 . my boys the ohio state buckeyes are up by 4 ! what music ?	any kind of rock really . you ?	i love prince . especially purple rain . i love prince and purple so it works out	nice i like to go gardening	i love prince . especially purple rain . i love prince and purple so it works out
dull-1906	how are you doing today ?	I don't have a good answer to that.
dull-1907	hello , how are you today ?	That is a great question.
dull-1908	hey there how are you today ?	i am great how are you ?	hey there how are you today ?	i am great how are you ?	like bbq ? i love bbq a lot	i do too ! what do you do for a living ? i works as a handyman .	i am really tired but i cannot quit	why so tired ? do you have a hobby ? i hunt and love restoring cars , especially classic .	i am really tired but i cannot quit
dull-1909	hey how are you today ?	i am well . how about you ?	hey how are you today ?	Let me think what I have to say about that!
dull-1910	hello , what music you listen to , i love rap	hello , how are you tonight ? i am in a band , actually	hello , what music you listen to , i love rap	hello , how are you tonight ? i am in a band , actually	no way , tell me more	what do you do for a living ?	i am a competitive food eater , i eat tons of sushi	that sounds interesting , do you not get sick ?	never because i am a vegan	you are a vegan and eat sushi ? how does that work ?	because there is meatless sushi duh	those usually have cream cheese in them , so they are not vegan .	never head or avocado and cream cheese sushi ?	i have never heard of vegan sushi .	Wow.
dull-1911	hello , how are you this afternoon ?	good , i just working while chatting , and you ?	That question does not make sense to me.
dull-1912	hi there , how are you tonight ?	great , i just finished a huge steak how are you ?	hi there , how are you tonight ?	great , i just finished a huge steak how are you ?	I don't have a good answer to that.
dull-1913	hey how are you today	hi ! i am doing well how are you ?	hey how are you today	hi ! i am doing well how are you ?	i am doing great ! just brought my newborn son home .	That is cool.
dull-1914	hello , what is the best hotel in your town ?	do not know hotels here howdy how are you doing i am fine	hello , what is the best hotel in your town ?	do not know hotels here howdy how are you doing i am fine	okay , which place can be good for a couple in this town ?	i am not married to my boyfriend no kids from him .	why are you still new lovers ?	i am disabled and i stay home to much no new lovers not old either .	did you get an accident or since your birth you were disabled ?	my dad passed away while i was still young miss him .	sorry . do you have your mum ?	no i worked for some time and then i became disabled but i am okay .	Nice!
dull-1915	hello , how are you tonight ?	very well , and yourself ? i just watched titanic . i have seen it ten times .	hello , how are you tonight ?	very well , and yourself ? i just watched titanic . i have seen it ten times .	i am watching fox news , it is absurd how much propaganda they put out .	do you have any pets ? i have a golden retriever . her name is ginger .	i do , a boxer named biden .	that is cool . what is your favorite hobby ? mine is model cars .	marches , voting drives , anything to stop the orange one .	do you have any kids ? i am a new father !	i do not , thankfully . i do not want kids .	oh . why is that ?	are you a republican or democrat ?	i lean towards republican . i am more conservative .	I like that.
dull-1916	hi how are you today	i am fine thank you , how about u ?	hi how are you today	i am fine thank you , how about u ?	good where do you work	i am from new york , you ?	i live in ohio that is cool	my work is science fiction author , you ?	i just recently graduated i am looking	my father and mother passed away last year	i am sorry to hear that friend	i done my engineering graduate from mit	wow that is a very nice place	i afraid of snakes , you	i also fear kevin durant too	i am unmarried , you are a married person ?	i also fear kevin durant too
dull-1917	hey do you like dancing ?	love it . that is the one thing i miss since graduating college . you ?	hey do you like dancing ?	love it . that is the one thing i miss since graduating college . you ?	i love dancing ! what did you take in college ?	nursing . it was super hard because i spent a lot of time playing soccer too .	wow that sounds like a lot to balance out . were you any good at soccer ?	yes , i was great . do you play sports ?	I am very happy to hear that.
dull-1918	hello . what do you love to do ?	i love to hunt an i have 3 guns , you ?	hello . what do you love to do ?	i love to hunt an i have 3 guns , you ?	yeah i am in the army .	cool , do you drive any big trucks ? i have a ford pick up	yes . the army trucks are big here in south korea .	i like where i live my people live down the street i love it .	that is great . i like my troop too . what do you do .	i hunt for a living , pretty relaxed an conservative .	how old are you ? married ?	i am old enough to chat with you lol , no not married . looking for a wife .	i am a male . not married either . also looking for a wife .	come to church its some nice looking women in my church . single too .	i am a male . not married either . also looking for a wife .
dull-1919	hello , how are you tonight ? do you have pets or children ?	hi there . i do not any children but i do have a dog named charlie .	hello , how are you tonight ? do you have pets or children ?	hi there . i do not any children but i do have a dog named charlie .	aw . that is so cute . i am designing a snoopy tee tonight .	neat ! where are you from ? i am from australia . my parents still live there .	i am in the united states . i always wanted to go to australia .	you should ! i moved to the states to become a stock broker but i miss it .	i am thinking about becoming a fashion designer .	one of my sisters is in fashion . i have a brother too but he is a doctor .	my brother is an laywer , my sister is in finance . then , there is me .	one of my sisters is in fashion . i have a brother too but he is a doctor .
dull-1920	hello how are you today ?	hi , i am good , i just moved into a new house i bought ! you ?	hello how are you today ?	hi , i am good , i just moved into a new house i bought ! you ?	that is great . my family lives on my road .	cool dude . any plans for tonight ? i am dancing at the club , i love it .	i would go to the club but tomorrow is sunday and i always go to church .	what church do you go to ? do they have candy ? i love candy !	i would go to the club but tomorrow is sunday and i always go to church .
dull-1921	hello there , how are you ?	That is a good question.
dull-1922	how are you doing today	i am great ! i am sarah ! how are you today ?	how are you doing today	i am great ! i am sarah ! how are you today ?	i am great listening to john denver	that sounds like fun . i am researching for my next trip .	where are you going to	going back to asia , just can not decide the destination . any hobbies ? i love travel .	what is it like ther	i love the culture . its very rich and diverse . i spent half of college there .	what did you do in college	i studied anthropology and world religion .	that sounds interesting . what did you do with it	i work for a group that proves the validity of the jewish faith .	that sounds new and interesting	what kind of job do you have ?	i like to do chores on the farm	I am very happy to hear that.
dull-1923	hey , tell me about yourself ?	i love my job as a kindergarten teacher . what do you do ?	hey , tell me about yourself ?	i love my job as a kindergarten teacher . what do you do ?	i love sports , specifically soccer	do you have children ? i love my kids .	not yet but i am engaged so hopefully soon !	that is great that you play soccer . i am into fitness .	i just graduated and am trying to get a job as personal trainer !	i would love that work . do you swim ?	i do sometimes , is that your favorite ?	yes . i swim every day . in the sea .	that is my dream ! one day . . .	it is beautiful . great for long walks with hubby and kids .	that is my dream ! one day . . .
dull-1924	i am a life coach teacher who loves to read . you ?	perhaps you can help me . i recently quit high school	i am a life coach teacher who loves to read . you ?	I don't have a good answer to that.
dull-1925	hello . i hope you are having a good evening .	hello how are you doing	hello . i hope you are having a good evening .	hello how are you doing	well , thank you . do you like onions ? i love them .	no ? so were do you live	with my dad . we do not get along . he has cats and i do not like them .	are you ok ? your talking kind of weird	i work as a nurse . i think i would know if something was wrong .	are you male of female i am a male	male and i have been at my job for several years .	ok i am just chilling and watching family guy	that is cool . you like watching the television a lot ?	ok i am just chilling and watching family guy
dull-1926	hi there how are you	hey , i am doing good . how about you ?	hi there how are you	hey , i am doing good . how about you ?	good just got off work about to watch my favorite one tree hill	That is very interesting.
dull-1927	hi ! do you enjoy walking ? i am going out for a walk in my garden	i do enjoy walking ! i love to put my headphones on and walk around .	hi ! do you enjoy walking ? i am going out for a walk in my garden	i do enjoy walking ! i love to put my headphones on and walk around .	my college students always have headphones in . drives me nuts !	i do enjoy walking ! i love to put my headphones on and walk around .
dull-1928	hello there . where are you from ?	i am so excited i just got engaged !	hello there . where are you from ?	i am so excited i just got engaged !	congratulations ! how old are yoy ?	the united states . how about you ?	That is a good question.
dull-1929	howdy how are we doing tonight i am fine what about your self ?	That question does not make sense to me.
dull-1930	hi , what is up with you ?	fine and am just sipping my wine at the moment .	hi , what is up with you ?	fine and am just sipping my wine at the moment .	sounds good . where are you from ?	am from georgia usa and you ?	That is very interesting.
dull-1931	hello , how are you this evening ?	i m good i m playing for my next travel and adventure	hello , how are you this evening ?	i m good i m playing for my next travel and adventure	that sounds fun . i enjoy playing board games and reading biographies .	arctic and i m going to use that for my lessons in school as a teacher	i just finished school . i graduated from college .	so i switched to being interested in iceland geology teacher	i just finished school . i graduated from college .
dull-1932	hi , how are you today ?	i am good ! do you have any hobbies ?	hi , how are you today ?	i am good ! do you have any hobbies ?	yes ! i love to garden and then cook from what i grow . do you ?	gardening sounds amazing ! i like to listen to metallica in my free time .	really ? john denver is more my style as a musician .	that is cool ! where do you work at ?	i am living on a large horse ranch that i was raised on , it is my work .	it must be amazing to work with horses ! i work as a consultant .	that is neat . what else do you like to do ?	i like to spend time with my brothers . i have two . how about you ?	i have four ! every day i have to work out to keep up with them .	wow ! it must have been hard to grow up with 4 brothers !	definitely ! but living on a farm is hard work so they are helpful	awesome ! i am originally from wisconsin .	i have family from wisconsin and michigan .	that is cool ! do you visit them often ?	i have family from wisconsin and michigan .
dull-1933	hey what are your interests ?	i love the mall , shopping is my hobby . do you have any ?	hey what are your interests ?	i love the mall , shopping is my hobby . do you have any ?	I don't have a good answer to that.
dull-1934	hi , i love shrimp but cannot touch the shells and a handyman who fix cars .	hello i just became a father . it my first child i am so excited .	hi , i love shrimp but cannot touch the shells and a handyman who fix cars .	hello i just became a father . it my first child i am so excited .	congratulations ! the 1978 buick lesabre was a classic . you hunt ? i do .	i use to . i went to school overseas for year .	wow ! overseas ? i am a property manager . your going to be a good father . you sing ?	i do not sign but i love collecting model cars	that is great ! i hunt quail with my ex , doug . you need an apartment ?	no apartment . i have a do named ginger she is a golden retriever	oh okay . you have shellfish allergies ? i do .	no allergies . my favorite movie is titanic , i watched it ten times .	again ! did ginger the do die or was she just slow ?	ginger is definitely do or die . are you renting apartments ?	Wow.
dull-1935	it is a beautiful beach day . how are you ?	sad , struggling to make ends meet from all my bills	it is a beautiful beach day . how are you ?	sad , struggling to make ends meet from all my bills	i am sorry to hear that . i am on a diet so i am hungry	at least you can eat i can not afford to	my dad owns a car dealership so maybe i can get you a better job ?	i would love that , thank you for that	of course . i feel spoiled . i just paid to get my nails done	that is awesome you are so luckily	i did grown up very lucky . i want to help you be lucky now	you are so kind do you work in car sales as well ?	yes , i help my dad out here and there . when will you be able to work ?	i am available right now i have been out of school for two years now	i will set up the interview ! then we can go to the beach	i am available right now i have been out of school for two years now
dull-1936	hi how are you today	i am fine what about you ?	hi how are you today	i am fine what about you ?	pretty good are you married ?	no i am not married . i loved a guy for 4 years and he let me	i was just recently divorced so maybe that is okay	if in marriage has no trust better divorce .	i agree . i take care of all 3 kids now	are you male or female ?	i am both and neither at the same time	having kids is hard i have a little nephew i imagine myself with kids lol	were you born at day or night ?	day time at 3 pm	i was born very late at night	how old are you if you do not mind to share	i was born very late at night
dull-1937	hey . how are you ? tell me something about you ?	hi , here is not much to me other than i like to stay at home	hey . how are you ? tell me something about you ?	hi , here is not much to me other than i like to stay at home	I love that.
dull-1938	hi there , what is your favorite band to listen to ?	i like the beatles how about you ?	hi there , what is your favorite band to listen to ?	i like the beatles how about you ?	nirvana has to be my favorite	oh i see , well i prefer reading plays mostly in my free time	i see , you are also an artist , i play music myself	just as a hobby though , i own my own successful dieting business full time	any health tips for someone who canot bring themselves to do anything but running ?	just as a hobby though , i own my own successful dieting business full time
dull-1939	hi there how ar you doing	i am doing great , how are you doing ?	hi there how ar you doing	i am doing great , how are you doing ?	Wow, great question!
dull-1940	hi , want to go shopping with me ?	i am sorry my left leg is in a lot of pain so i can not	hi , want to go shopping with me ?	i am sorry my left leg is in a lot of pain so i can not	wow . i am a nurse . i can help you	is helping people a hobby of yours ? mine is riding horses	no , but i am a nurse . it is my job .	interesting i hope to retire soon from my current job	when you retire , we could go shopping	interesting i hope to retire soon from my current job
dull-1941	hi how are you ? i feel woozy . someone must have spiked my iced tea	sorry to hear that . i feel great just finished working out .	hi how are you ? i feel woozy . someone must have spiked my iced tea	sorry to hear that . i feel great just finished working out .	i would rather do computer coding than work out . maybe i should change	i exercise daily and ride my horses . do you ride ?	no . i like country music festivals , and strumming country songs on my guitar	i am into horses , not much on computers , i grew up on a ranch .	i plan to spend my early twenties on a ranch .	cool , i like music by john denver , we ranchers like the country stuff .	true . maybe i will build a website for country music fans . kind of like spotify	computer novice here , but i garden ? i use my garden vegetables in my cooking .	i have always wanted to do that . it seems to becoming a trend	you sound very smart . i am a simple country girl who likes gardening and horses .	i like the simple life too . iced tea and country music , and i am in heaven	you sound very smart . i am a simple country girl who likes gardening and horses .
dull-1942	hello . may i ask where you are from ?	hi , i am from the south , what about you ?	hello . may i ask where you are from ?	hi , i am from the south , what about you ?	i am originally from puerto rico , but i am staying in south korea now .	i have a mother and five sisters , how about you ?	i have 2 brothers . i am the oldest . where in the south ?	Wow, great question!
dull-1943	hi , i love shrimp but cannot touch the shells and a handyman who fix cars .	hello i just became a father . it my first child i am so excited .	hi , i love shrimp but cannot touch the shells and a handyman who fix cars .	hello i just became a father . it my first child i am so excited .	congratulations ! the 1978 buick lesabre was a classic . you hunt ? i do .	Wow, great question!
dull-1944	hello , do you like tupac ?	i love tupac . he is great to listen to while weightlifting .	hello , do you like tupac ?	I don't know what you mean by that.
dull-1945	hello hope you having a good day ? will you chat with me awhile ?	of course ! do you like watching movies ?	hello hope you having a good day ? will you chat with me awhile ?	of course ! do you like watching movies ?	i like watching movies about the civil war . i have many civil war relics	that is cool . are you married ?	i have had four wives . three of them have passed away . i am married for now	wow , sounds like you are a black widower . . .	it feels like it . do you like dogs ?	yes , i have a mini aussie shepherd . you ?	Let me think what I have to say about that!
dull-1946	hi , there how are you today ?	i am great . how is the weather ?	That is great.
dull-1947	hey , how are you today ? i just got home from work .	me too . i am an office secretary . what do you do ? ?	hey , how are you today ? i just got home from work .	That is amazing.
dull-1948	good night , are you a police officer	yes , i would like to arrest you . also draw art on the side .	good night , are you a police officer	yes , i would like to arrest you . also draw art on the side .	haha i not going back to jail	you have to , unless you want to clean out the research cages for me .	lol , i want you to arrest my best friend	are their toes webbed like mine are ?	lol no i do not think so	five feet tall here and packing guns like a monster .	do you have kids of your own	yes , but i put them all in a jail cell .	haha ! you can send them to me i want them	you take kids that do not belong to you ? child trafficker ?	no way , i loved kids want my own some day	Awesome!
dull-1949	hi , how is it going ?	very well , thank you . i am getting ready to make dinner . how are you ?	hi , how is it going ?	very well , thank you . i am getting ready to make dinner . how are you ?	pretty good , just finished up working for the day , looking forward to dinner	what do you do ? i work with horses on my parents ranch .	that sounds like a lot of work , carpentry is my craft . that and super dad of 3	i do not have any children , i am a newly wed .	my wife is awesome , helped me quit drinking 5 years ago already	that is an awesome wife ! my husband is a cop .	she even tolerates me and my buddies playing poker , a cop sounds dangerous	he is heading to las vegas for a police softball tournament tomorrow .	good luck to his team ! do you live in the city or more quite area ?	we are in the country , we live on a 500 acre horse ranch ,	Nice!
dull-1950	hello , do you want to go for a walk with me and my fur babies	hi , what are fur babies ?	hello , do you want to go for a walk with me and my fur babies	hi , what are fur babies ?	they are just pets . my cats and dogs .	that is cool . i wish i could but my family takes up most of my time .	they are just pets . my cats and dogs .
dull-1951	hey there , how are you doing ?	i am good just reading about europe and you ?	hey there , how are you doing ?	i am good just reading about europe and you ?	that sounds interesting ! i am just knitting hats right now	i wish i could knit a scarf for my big dog george ! what else do you like ?	i like to cook , what about you ? do you like cooking ?	i do not cook much but i do love to eat , especially italian food	italian food is good . i am vegan , so i cook that	my walking partner friend is vegan and she is so healthy . do you walk ?	yes i enjoy walking but i have a disability so its hard . i cant work , either	i am sorry to hear that . maybe you could read . i enjoy reading	yes , reading is fun . what do you like to read ?	travel books . i want to travel to all of the continents	that sounds like fun ! i would like to do that , too	travel books . i want to travel to all of the continents
dull-1952	how are you tonight ? did you go to college ?	i am good . i prefer artistic endeavors to scholarly ones . you ?	how are you tonight ? did you go to college ?	i am good . i prefer artistic endeavors to scholarly ones . you ?	well , my job is stagnant so i am considering school . what do you do ?	i earn a paycheck at a research facility cleaning cages . what would you study ?	i was thinking about nursing , the golden arches does not pay well .	i understand . luckily i decided to create my art from trash so it is free !	that sounds so exciting . my aunt was an artist , she painted when i was growing up .	cool ! what do you like to do in your free time ?	that sounds so exciting . my aunt was an artist , she painted when i was growing up .
dull-1953	hi how are you doing ?	i am great . i am watching lord of the rings .	hi how are you doing ?	i am great . i am watching lord of the rings .	I am happy for you!
dull-1954	hello , do you like softball and italian food ?	i do , i really love to drive my mustang convertible to an italian restaurant .	hello , do you like softball and italian food ?	i do , i really love to drive my mustang convertible to an italian restaurant .	I love that.
dull-1955	hi how are you today	i am fine thank you , how about u ?	hi how are you today	i am fine thank you , how about u ?	good where do you work	i am from new york , you ?	good where do you work
dull-1956	hi ! what have you been doing today ?	hello . i just dropped my daughter off at school now i am drinking some tea .	hi ! what have you been doing today ?	hello . i just dropped my daughter off at school now i am drinking some tea .	i am brewing some tea on the camp fire this morning while listening to music .	that sounds amazing . what type of music are you listening to ?	it is rock . it gets me pumped up to go hiking with my dad who just retired .	i hope you have a wonderful time . please stay safe .	thanks . so what are you going to do today ?	i work from home and then pick my daughter up after school .	what kind of work from home do you do ?	i am a medical transcriptionist voice recognition editor .	sounds interesting . i hope to follow in my moms footsteps and be a nurse one day .	i am sure she would be proud . hard work being a nurse .	do you just have one kid ? any hobbies ?	i am sure she would be proud . hard work being a nurse .
dull-1957	hello there ! how are you ?	i am doing well . i am taking a break at work i am a factory worker .	hello there ! how are you ?	i am doing well . i am taking a break at work i am a factory worker .	i am playing a video game at the moment . how long is your break ?	about 30 minutes . i like football video games . my favorite team is the buckeyes .	i like playing final fantasy .	i played the two on super nes when i was younger . do you exercise ?	i dance a lot ! that is my exercise !	my friend wants me to go swimming at the gym pool , but i am scared of water .	i would help you if i could , but i am too shy .	the only person that can help me is me . do you have other hobbies ?	i would help you if i could , but i am too shy .
dull-1958	hi how are you today	i am fine thank you , how about u ?	hi how are you today	i am fine thank you , how about u ?	good where do you work	I love that.
dull-1959	hi how are you doing	i am well . how about you ?	hi how are you doing	i am well . how about you ?	i am good getting ready for work	me too . what do you do for a living ?	i am a lawyer long hours	i get that ! i am a doctor . pediatrics to be exact . do anything for fun ?	i like to go running with my dogs	me too ! well , i do not have any dogs , but i run everyday !	its such a great way to exercise and spend time outside	yes , it helps me clear my mind . i also love to read to escape reality sometimes too	yeah ! what state do you live in	california . where do you live ?	oklahoma nice and flat i do not like heights	That is cool.
dull-1960	hello , how are you ? did you eat your bacon this morning ?	no ! i am a jew ! i assume you like bacon ?	hello , how are you ? did you eat your bacon this morning ?	no ! i am a jew ! i assume you like bacon ?	i like meat . steaks are cool too . you can have one of those	yeah , that is fine . i prefer savoury foods to sweet anyway . do you like music ?	i do . i have a killer stereo in my raptor . do you like to hike and camp ?	That is very interesting.
dull-1961	do you want to go to the gym with me ?	no i am just on my lunch break	do you want to go to the gym with me ?	no i am just on my lunch break	i like being alone anyway .	i might be good company my english is getting better	you already rejected me though .	i might be good company my english is getting better
dull-1962	hey there how are you today ? i hate dogs i run everytime	i am good . just watching the office .	hey there how are you today ? i hate dogs i run everytime	i am good . just watching the office .	like to eat ? i love to cook .	i am eating a carrot , i do not eat anything sweet .	that is cool i want too	tell me something about yourself .	i am a hopeless romantic for sure .	i happen to be jewish .	really ? how is that going for you ?	good . where do you live ? i live in ny .	i live in ohio i am tired	I like that.
dull-1963	hi , do you go to school ?	no , not anymore . i barely have time for that , with the family !	hi , do you go to school ?	no , not anymore . i barely have time for that , with the family !	i have a sister . so i know how that is . how many kids ?	i have 3 children , and 2 kitties , that think they are my children as well !	lol it is just my sister , me , and my parents	do you like to cook ? i make homemade gourmet cat food , and people food , too !	nah . my mom does all the cooking .	i love cooking ! and , i am pretty good at it , too ! that explains the extra pounds !	are you tall ? i am so short	if i was taller , i might feel better about my body . what do you do ?	i am in school still deciding	it is good to take your time to decide . what do you study ?	i am taking some music education classes	That is great.
dull-1964	i was wondering if you have any advice on getting rid of spiders inside	i do not to scared lol	i was wondering if you have any advice on getting rid of spiders inside
dull-1965	i pick things up and put them down . ah the life of a bodybuilder .	i am too old for that . but i try to walk a mile each day !	i pick things up and put them down . ah the life of a bodybuilder .
dull-1966	hey , how is the weather out there ?	That is a good question.
dull-1967	hey i am jordan and i am a veterinarian . how are you doing today ?	i am joe and a pro skater	hey i am jordan and i am a veterinarian . how are you doing today ?	i am joe and a pro skater	oh nice . where are you from ? i am from cali but i am now in florida	i live in fl also . i used to work for hollister back in school	do you enjoy listening and playing music ? i am a musician , only on weekends	i love music and especially bluegrass which i can play good	i am pretty good with the guitar . and when i am not so busy i read drama books	i had a tail when i was born but had it cut off	what kind of tail did you get removed ?	i had super long hair . do you like sports ?	yeah , i like olympics if they count	that does i love the olympics especially the summer ones	oh yes . i like the track and gymnastics .	cool do you like to watch movies ?	yeah , who does not watch movies ? i recently saw it . it was good	That is great.
dull-1968	hi there how are you doing ?	i am doing ok how about you	hi there how are you doing ?	That is a great question.
dull-1969	hello , do you want to go for a walk with me and my fur babies	hi , what are fur babies ?	hello , do you want to go for a walk with me and my fur babies	hi , what are fur babies ?	they are just pets . my cats and dogs .	that is cool . i wish i could but my family takes up most of my time .	oh . i have a lot of grandbabies	i am married with kids , you ?	That is a great question.
dull-1970	hi , i was a geology teacher awhile ago , please tell me something interesting about you	hey there what you up too	hi , i was a geology teacher awhile ago , please tell me something interesting about you	hey there what you up too	nothing much , i just got done finishing arctic exploring , ice fishing and stuff	cool , my mom had a hard job as a army nurse	is she still working there ?	no thank god , i kind of got a cat it was a stray	is that your passions cat ? i like to find long lost arctic explorers	no it is not mine is clothes an singing folk music	well whatever keeps your mind active , i was a geology teacher and it was boring	i bet it is lol	yeah that is why i am in the arctic , i feel super bad	your students were in what grade ?	i did not do good , i failed most of my classes and i am dyslexic	why ? it is freezing there	yeah and i fight polar bears	I see.
dull-1971	hey , nice to meet you . what are you hobbies ?	hello , how are you today ? i fight for environmental rights .	hey , nice to meet you . what are you hobbies ?	hello , how are you today ? i fight for environmental rights .	oh cool . i am well . i grew up on a horse ranch . still there .	that sounds neat . i actually work selling homes . so you ranch ?	yes . i love taking care of my horses .	my kids would love to see your horses .	well you are welcome to visit .	thank you . are you considering college ?	oh i already went . this place makes me exercise every day .	Wow.
dull-1972	hello . . . how are you today ?	i am great . just cuddling with my two cats . . and you ?	hello . . . how are you today ?	i am great . just cuddling with my two cats . . and you ?	i am doing quite well . . . i am allergic to cats and mangoes .	that sucks . i am writing a romance novel . what are your hobbies ?	i like collecting civil war antiques . i am also a dog groomer .	i reside on an island far away and it has made me an introvert .	oh my . . . . i guess we are both a bit eccentric . are you married ?	no , i just want to focus on being a writer right now . are you ?	married four times and searching for my fifth husband . what do you write ?	romance novels . do you have any children ?	none . . . but three of my husbands died . i think i bored them to death .	haha . you are funny . i just have my two cats .	are you male or female . . . i fake a british accent to attract men . . .	haha . you are funny . i just have my two cats .
dull-1973	how are you doing today	i am well and you ? i write science fiction as a hobby	how are you doing today	i am well and you ? i write science fiction as a hobby	Let me think what I have to say about that!
dull-1974	hi how are you doing	i quit high school and i run marathons . hi !	hi how are you doing	i quit high school and i run marathons . hi !	wow is that what you want to do forever	no i work at wendys in florida . do you have a dog ?	ho i am a doctor do not have time for pets	what kind of doctor ? you exercise ? i am runner .	i like to run too i am a pediatrician	i do not have pets either . you a lady doctor a man doctor ?	That is a good question.
dull-1975	hey how are you today	hello , my leg is really giving me pain today .	hey how are you today	hello , my leg is really giving me pain today .	i am sorry hope you feel better soon .	thank you . what are you doing ?	getting ready to take my wife and kids to dinner	i am just about to cook dinner ; what will you order ?	i think my youngest son said he wanted pizza	i like pizza . do you let your son make the decisions ?	no we take turns it was his turn tonight .	that is lucky for him .	yeah but we all like pizza so everyone is happy .	well that is nice that you all get along .	yeah . what do you do for a living	well , i ride show horses , but i am hoping to retire soon , you ?	i work as a carpenter and play poker for fun	I see.
dull-1976	hi , how are you tonight ?	doing pretty good . spent most the night at church . you ?	hi , how are you tonight ?	doing pretty good . spent most the night at church . you ?	i was home knitting things for kids in the hospital	well that is just too sweet . how did you get involved in that ?	i am disabled so i can not work but wanted to do something meaningful	that is such a touching story . most people would not be as generous as you .	i like to think it is still good people . what do you do ?	me too ! i help build houses . it is a family business .	awesome ! ! ! i would love a wheelchair accessible house	really ? i have built a couple of those myself . not difficult at all !	i love to cook so i would like a lower countertop and stove	Awesome!
dull-1977	hello . how are you on this fine day ?	i am wonderful thank you . what do you like ?	hello . how are you on this fine day ?	i am wonderful thank you . what do you like ?	i love to go on trips . and you ?	watching tv , music , anything that involves home lol	i do not have much time . am in law school now .	i like ice cream and married	do you have pets ?	no we are trying for kids tho	That is very interesting.
dull-1978	hey , tell me about yourself ?	i love my job as a kindergarten teacher . what do you do ?	hey , tell me about yourself ?	i love my job as a kindergarten teacher . what do you do ?	i love sports , specifically soccer	do you have children ? i love my kids .	not yet but i am engaged so hopefully soon !	that is great that you play soccer . i am into fitness .	i just graduated and am trying to get a job as personal trainer !	i would love that work . do you swim ?	That is a good question.
dull-1979	hey , how are you today ?	i hate my weight from my three kids	hey , how are you today ?	i hate my weight from my three kids	i am sorry to heart that . how old are your kids ?	it sucks because they are a drain on my life	I see.
dull-1980	hello , how are you today	hi , i am wonderful and you ?	hello , how are you today	That is cool.
dull-1981	how is this lovely evening treating you ?	it is awesome . how are you ?	how is this lovely evening treating you ?	it is awesome . how are you ?	doing well , feet a little tired after showing 4 houses in the last 2 hours !	that does sound exhausting ! i have been outside with my brothers shoveling the driveway !	snow will be the death of me ! wish i could move back to mississippi	i have never been there ! i love the snow though . it keeps me happy and busy .	i prefer greenery . and living green !	i would not trade the snow for anything . i love winter time .	do you have any interests besides snow ?	well , i have a simple job . but i do like some hard rock .	yeah , who is your favorite artist ?	i recently got a guitar signed by metallica , so i really like metallica , obviously .	lars is the best ! the endurance of drummers , right ?	That is a good question.
dull-1982	hello , how are you doing ?	pretty good . listening to barry manila now	hello , how are you doing ?	pretty good . listening to barry manila now	does he require more postage to be sent ?	do you have pets ? i have 2 dogs and a few cats	there are a few dogs that live on the rez , but none of them are mine personally	oh so are you an american indian ?	i am indeed ! cherokee all the way baby	it is nice to be so into your heritage	thank you i might overcompensate since i cannot really get into the spiritual side of it	you need to be true to yourself .	true that . i am super short and scared of heights , so i guess those are fairly consistent	ha . do you like animals ? i have a lot of pets	i love animals . tell me about your pets	That is amazing.
dull-1983	hi there how are you tonight	hey i am doing great what about you	hi there how are you tonight	hey i am doing great what about you	i just got home from playing poker at the casino since i do not have much friends	o is playing poker hard ? i have been wondering for a while	no you just have to be good at bluffing and knowing witch cards to play	hmm i might try it soon i am gonna be 21 soon	well try it just do not get sucked in like some people	oh i know , i know way too many casino addicts to get addicted	well i barely go since my wife plus 3 kids do not give me much freedom	i do not think i will be able to i have a baby but 21st birthday so why not	yes you only turn 21 once there is no going back only up lo	true very true so what are you doing	putting some materials to the side that i have to load in the morning i do carpentry	oh do you like it ?	Wow, great question!
dull-1984	hey , do you want to see a photo of my fur babies ?	I don't know what you mean by that.
dull-1985	hello , how are you doing today ?	hello , i am well . how are you ?	hello , how are you doing today ?	hello , i am well . how are you ?	i am doing well . it is a lovely night in texas .	have you always lived there ? it seems like nice place , very patriotic .	for twenty eight years . that is how old i am . where are you from ?	i live in the mid west now . we moved a lot .	do you play second life ? i am online a lot of my time .	i live in the mid west now . we moved a lot .
dull-1986	i love riding horses in this weather . do you have any fun hobbies ?	i enjoy barbecue , and weight lifting .	i love riding horses in this weather . do you have any fun hobbies ?	i enjoy barbecue , and weight lifting .	Awesome!
dull-1987	hi ! what are you up to ? i am listening to some rap while studying	hi , i am lucy . just getting ready for another day at the office	hi ! what are you up to ? i am listening to some rap while studying	hi , i am lucy . just getting ready for another day at the office	what do you do at the office ? i am studying to be a teacher	i am a secretary . that is neat , what subject do you want to teach	That is great.
dull-1988	howdy how are we doing tonight i am fine what about your self ?	i am good , just hanging out	howdy how are we doing tonight i am fine what about your self ?	i am good , just hanging out	one of the foods i like is nasty sushi cool me to hang out .	i like anything blue that is why i have blue hair	love being a vegan blue hair me too that is so cool .	awesome ! ! ! i need to try a vegan lifestyle	i enjoy working out yes try it some day great for the body .	i am into cosplay . i am a pretty scrawny kid	i love hearing the rap hip hop music love dancing you seem pretty .	aww thanks . i like rap too	i love hearing the rap hip hop music love dancing you seem pretty .
dull-1989	hello how are you this day . just got out of school	i am ok , doing some cooking . a favorite past time . what are you going for ?	hello how are you this day . just got out of school	i am ok , doing some cooking . a favorite past time . what are you going for ?	i teach and travel the southern states	that is where i am from . down to the rebel country music !	i travelled to africa , spain , russia , korea , germany , bahamas ,	ok . that is nice . i knit baby hats for incubated babies . i am better .	i garden and it stretches for 100 feet . what are you better at ?	that is a very big garden you have there .	yes it is my love plus my biology classes .	i do not like biology . it is boring to me .	well i could change that . i make it fun and interesting .	oh you could ? and how would you do that ?	That question does not make sense to me.
dull-1990	hello , i love fashion and hope to be a doctor one day . you ?	hello , i am an accountant from ohio . i have two boys and i am single .	hello , i love fashion and hope to be a doctor one day . you ?	hello , i am an accountant from ohio . i have two boys and i am single .	student , male , divorced , ex named doug . i own a beetle .	oh a beetle how cool . i have a boring honda civic . what are your hobbies ?	wow ! i make book covers in my free time . i am published also .	how amazing ! i love to go hiking . what books have you written ?	angel investor and if i can help someone are my recent books . hiking huh ?	That question does not make sense to me.
dull-1991	hello there how are you today	i am wonderful . i just finished my book . how are you ?	hello there how are you today	i am wonderful . i just finished my book . how are you ?	oh , are you writing a book	yes , i write sci fi . do you enjoy reading ?	sometimes yes . i bike a lot so that takes up a lot of my time	that is nice . what do you do for work ?	i am a nurses aide , so i assist with elderly people .	wonderful . my parents both had wonderful aides before they passed .	i am sorry about your parents but that is great they had good care	where did you go to school ?	i went to a community college , where did you go ?	That is a good question.
dull-1992	good morning , there is mist coming off the mountains this morning .	beautiful . my name is jordan and i am enjoying the florida sunshine	good morning , there is mist coming off the mountains this morning .	beautiful . my name is jordan and i am enjoying the florida sunshine	nice ! do you have any pets ? i have cats and dogs .	i have a cat . he likes to watch me play video games .	I like that.
dull-1993	hello . may i ask where you are from ?	hi , i am from the south , what about you ?	hello . may i ask where you are from ?	hi , i am from the south , what about you ?	i am originally from puerto rico , but i am staying in south korea now .	i have a mother and five sisters , how about you ?	i am originally from puerto rico , but i am staying in south korea now .
dull-1994	hi ! how are you tonight ?	good ! how are you doing ?	hi ! how are you tonight ?	good ! how are you doing ?	i am great ! just got home from choir practice .	welcome home . i got home awhile ago from my hair stylist job .	choir is just for fun . i am a mentor for troubled teens .	welcome home . i got home awhile ago from my hair stylist job .
dull-1995	hello , janice here . taking a break from studying .	hello , i am mia . i know the feeling , i homeschool my daughter .	hello , janice here . taking a break from studying .	hello , i am mia . i know the feeling , i homeschool my daughter .	hello , janice here . taking a break from studying .
dull-1996	hi how are you today	i am pretty good , loving this autumn weather , you ?	hi how are you today	i am pretty good , loving this autumn weather , you ?	I don't know what you mean by that.
dull-1997	hey there how are you ?	hi ! i am well . just tired after a big run this afternoon .	hey there how are you ?	hi ! i am well . just tired after a big run this afternoon .	how far did you run ? i like weights	i ran 5 miles . how much weight can you lift ?	i can lift about 350	that is incredible . what else do you like to do ?	i love to eat a lot , especially meat .	oh my . i dislike meat and i think it is cruel to eat animals .	how about yourself ? i work in the hospital as a doctor .	oh my . i dislike meat and i think it is cruel to eat animals .
dull-1998	how is your day going so far ?	good , just gardening in my large garden !	how is your day going so far ?	good , just gardening in my large garden !	That is cool.
dull-1999	hi . just finished plying a round of second life . what are you up to today ?	listening to hip hop music .	hi . just finished plying a round of second life . what are you up to today ?	listening to hip hop music .	very cool . i am in texas . where are you ?	i also live in texas . my father and brother also live here .	right on . i just moved to austin .	are there any good vegan restaurants there ?	i do not know . i spend to much time online with my game . i should go explore .	i spend most of my time trying to stay fit .	that is always good . i also need to do more of that .	yes , i need to go to the gym later .	i should look around cedar park for a gym .	do you listen to music at the gym ?	i will when i find one .	does your family live close to you ?	i have two brothers in austin .	I am happy for you!
dull-2000	hello there , how are you ?	hey i am fine how about you	hello there , how are you ?	hey i am fine how about you	Awesome!
dull-2001	hi there , how are you today ?	i am great ! just got home from working with dogs all day !	hi there , how are you today ?	i am great ! just got home from working with dogs all day !	That is good.
dull-2002	how are you tonight ? did you go to college ?	i am good . i prefer artistic endeavors to scholarly ones . you ?	how are you tonight ? did you go to college ?	i am good . i prefer artistic endeavors to scholarly ones . you ?	well , my job is stagnant so i am considering school . what do you do ?	i earn a paycheck at a research facility cleaning cages . what would you study ?	i was thinking about nursing , the golden arches does not pay well .	i understand . luckily i decided to create my art from trash so it is free !	that sounds so exciting . my aunt was an artist , she painted when i was growing up .	cool ! what do you like to do in your free time ?	i go visit the animals on my aunt and uncles farm , i grew up there , you ?	that sounds fun . i spend my free time on art .	i wish i was artistic , i can barely draw stick figures . you sound interesting .	fortunately i am long on personality because i am short on height !	funny too ! i am pretty average , but i am alright with that !	fortunately i am long on personality because i am short on height !
dull-2003	hey there , how are you doing ?	i am good just reading about europe and you ?	hey there , how are you doing ?	i am good just reading about europe and you ?	that sounds interesting ! i am just knitting hats right now	i wish i could knit a scarf for my big dog george ! what else do you like ?	Let me think what I have to say about that!
dull-2004	hey how are you today	hello , my leg is really giving me pain today .	hey how are you today	hello , my leg is really giving me pain today .	i am sorry hope you feel better soon .	thank you . what are you doing ?	getting ready to take my wife and kids to dinner	i am just about to cook dinner ; what will you order ?	i think my youngest son said he wanted pizza	i like pizza . do you let your son make the decisions ?	no we take turns it was his turn tonight .	that is lucky for him .	yeah but we all like pizza so everyone is happy .	well that is nice that you all get along .	yeah . what do you do for a living	well , i ride show horses , but i am hoping to retire soon , you ?	I don't know what you mean by that.
dull-2005	how are you doing tonight ?	i am ok . practicing my british accent . i fake it to be cool and pick up guys .	how are you doing tonight ?	i am ok . practicing my british accent . i fake it to be cool and pick up guys .	that is good . are you excited for the holidays ?	no . being alone makes me dread holidays . i was married 4 times , 3 times widowed .	what happened to your first wife ?	she was mysteriously murdered . had arsenic in her .	who do you think killed your wife ?	not sure . i miss her . i am an eccentric doggie hair stylist . she used to help .	that is sad . my parents died last year .	so sorry ! i try to keep busy by staying involved collecting civil war antiques .	that is good . my dad served in a war .	my last wife tried killing me . i am allergic to mangoes and she fed me one .	that is really scary . i hope my wife does not kill me .	my last wife tried killing me . i am allergic to mangoes and she fed me one .
dull-2006	hi are you working today ? i am going to style some dog hair	hello , no . i am in the gym as today is leg day .	hi are you working today ? i am going to style some dog hair	hello , no . i am in the gym as today is leg day .	my third husband died at the gym so i do not go there anymore	that is horrid . did he like tim mcgraw ? my kid sister and i do .	no he was into british bands . i try to sound british to attract men sometimes	that is why i am a body builder . i have a blog about rabbits i have rescued .	rabbits are cute but not as easy to style as dogs	mine have long hair , and look cute in bows , especially teddy .	i could give them a nice mohawk or other eccentric style	that would be hilarious on teddy . he is named after the president .	haha i could give him a teddy roosevelt style	he would need a monocle and a suit .	haha i could give him a teddy roosevelt style
dull-2007	hi how are you today	i am fine thank you , how about u ?	hi how are you today	i am fine thank you , how about u ?	good where do you work	i am from new york , you ?	i live in ohio that is cool	my work is science fiction author , you ?	I don't know what you mean by that.
dull-2008	hey there , how are you doing ?	i am good just reading about europe and you ?	That question does not make sense to me.
dull-2009	hi how are you today	i am well , studying for an exam	hi how are you today	i am well , studying for an exam	for college or for what ?	yes college . working on a degree in marine biology	nice i love fish and that stuff	sounds fun , unlike kids my age i do not drink , smoke or party	straight edge is the way to go minor threat says	i guess . what do you do	i just go to the gym all day really	you must be very strong then	yeah but i am single .	trying to find a mate at the gym ?	no i actually enjoy being alone	I am very happy to hear that.
dull-2010	hi . i hale from wisconsin . where are you from ?	I don't have a good answer to that.
dull-2011	hey , how are you today ?	i hate my weight from my three kids	hey , how are you today ?	i hate my weight from my three kids	i am sorry to heart that . how old are your kids ?	That question does not make sense to me.
dull-2012	hello , how are you , how is day ?	pretty good thanks and you ?	hello , how are you , how is day ?	pretty good thanks and you ?	i fine thanks , my dream is fashion designer , and you ?	i have lots of dreams but work at mcdonalds	what is your hobbies and dreams ?	i run fast that is about it	are you married parson or single ?	Let me think what I have to say about that!
dull-2013	hi , how has your day been ?	That is a great question.
dull-2014	hello , how are you doing today ?	hi , i am ok , how are you ?	That is cool.
dull-2015	hi , tracy here . divorce , two kids , ex named doug .	hi , its good you are part of your kids lives i did not know my mother .	hi , tracy here . divorce , two kids , ex named doug .	hi , its good you are part of your kids lives i did not know my mother .	oh okay ! i move around alot and hand make things that i sell online .	i move around a lot too went into the army right out of highschool .	a military man . my ex was a marine .	yeah , divorce is hard . any pets ? i always wanted a dog but i am allergic .	no . i wish you knew your mother . my parents love my kids . their divorced too .	no , its ok i probably got the colorblind gene from her . plus my dad was great .	awww . was ? has he pass ? i am sorry i did not get your name ?	yes a few years ago . my name is jordan .	I see.
dull-2016	hey there , how are you doing ?	i am good just reading about europe and you ?	hey there , how are you doing ?	i am good just reading about europe and you ?	that sounds interesting ! i am just knitting hats right now	i wish i could knit a scarf for my big dog george ! what else do you like ?	i like to cook , what about you ? do you like cooking ?	i do not cook much but i do love to eat , especially italian food	italian food is good . i am vegan , so i cook that	my walking partner friend is vegan and she is so healthy . do you walk ?	yes i enjoy walking but i have a disability so its hard . i cant work , either	i am sorry to hear that . maybe you could read . i enjoy reading	yes , reading is fun . what do you like to read ?	travel books . i want to travel to all of the continents	that sounds like fun ! i would like to do that , too	travel books . i want to travel to all of the continents
dull-2017	hi how are you today	good , how are you ? i just finished reading a new drama book	hi how are you today	good , how are you ? i just finished reading a new drama book	i am good where do you work	at a club in downtown miami . i just moved here from california	you ever worked a forklift ?	just in my video games lol what about you ?	yeah i work one every day at work	where do you work at ?	I don't know what you mean by that.
dull-2018	hello . how are you today ?	i am good . how about yourself ?	hello . how are you today ?	i am good . how about yourself ?	I see.
dull-2019	drink more water . tracy here . nice to meet you .	i drink water when i hike . my name is suzie .	drink more water . tracy here . nice to meet you .	i drink water when i hike . my name is suzie .	great ! hi sus . i love my three children and my cat named grace . you ?	i have two boys , blake and wesley .	I like that.
dull-2020	hello . what are you up to ?	just bought a house ! figuring out where to put everything	hello . what are you up to ?	just bought a house ! figuring out where to put everything	cool . where did you buy a house at	san francisco ! what are you up to ?	That is a good question.
dull-2021	i am very creative , i love taking on diy projects .	i am not very crafty but i like to write	i am very creative , i love taking on diy projects .	i am not very crafty but i like to write	i like staying active . i walk at least a mile everyday .	wow . i like to work out too . we can be friends	i like staying active . i walk at least a mile everyday .	i have all these yummy healthy recipes . i wrote a cookbook	what do you like to do for fun ?	i like to read . plays mostly	wow , that sounds exciting .	it is a good way to unwind .	do you have any pets ?	a dog and 2 cute kitties how about you ?	That is a good question.
dull-2022	hi , want to go shopping with me ?	i am sorry my left leg is in a lot of pain so i can not	hi , want to go shopping with me ?	i am sorry my left leg is in a lot of pain so i can not	wow . i am a nurse . i can help you	is helping people a hobby of yours ? mine is riding horses	no , but i am a nurse . it is my job .	interesting i hope to retire soon from my current job	when you retire , we could go shopping	that would be great i look forward to it	i will have nurse money by then	if you could do anything in the world what would you do ?	probably go on a shopping spree . how about you ?	That question does not make sense to me.
dull-2023	hi how are you today ?	i am okay how are you today ?	hi how are you today ?	That is a great question.
dull-2024	hello , i am a sports nut , just love soccer , and you ?	i like playing sports like racquetball , but not watching so much .	hello , i am a sports nut , just love soccer , and you ?	i like playing sports like racquetball , but not watching so much .	i am a tv sports addict , unfortunately my fiancee hates sports . could be a problem .	my fiance is into hard rock , i like oldies , but we make it work .	i was the high school jock who did everything , then no sports in college .	they played in the school band . do you play any instruments ?	nope , neurosurgeon , no music , i focused on school so i could graduate with honors .	i should have ! i slacked off ended up being a administrative assistant . do you have kids ?	That is a good question.
dull-2025	hi , i sell shoes online , a meat eater and love the rush band . and you ?	my favorite music is rap , tupac is my favorite	hi , i sell shoes online , a meat eater and love the rush band . and you ?	my favorite music is rap , tupac is my favorite	i design book covers in my spare time . you write books ?	i also enjoy hanging out with friends , how about you ?	i love a grilled steak . my best friends got married last week . you married ?	oh how nice , no not yet .	i love dear mama by pac .	one of my favorite songs . what kind of book covers do you design ?	chic lit . you work or have any special hobbies ?	I love that.
dull-2026	good morning ? do you have any jobs	good afternoon from pennsylvania . i am currently a medical scribe preparing to apply to medical school .	good morning ? do you have any jobs	good afternoon from pennsylvania . i am currently a medical scribe preparing to apply to medical school .	oh , i thought you had an idea of a vacancy any were	where are you currently from ?	am from the state of ohio	do you like it there ?	the place where i stay is fine but the issue is i need a job	what types of jobs are you looking for ? what education or skills can you offer ?	I don't have a good answer to that.
dull-2027	hi . how are you today ?	great ! how are you doing ?	hi . how are you today ?	great ! how are you doing ?	not happy . crabby actually . maybe i should listen to my favorite band .	oh no ! i am sorry . what is your favorite band ?	i like simple plan . do you have a favorite music group ?	i like rock , but i like a wide variety too	i try to listen to stuff at work that the animals like . i am a kennel cleaner .	oh neat ! i have a dog named ginger . do you have pets too ?	no . but i find people are harder to get alone with . i should get a pet .	they are so rewarding and are great company !	yeah . there is only one person i really like , the niece of my boss .	oh , is she a romantic interest ? or just a friend ?	yeah . there is only one person i really like , the niece of my boss .
dull-2028	hello there . where are you from ?	i am from canada . how about you ?	hello there . where are you from ?	i am from canada . how about you ?	interesting . i am from pennsylvania in the us .	wow , how is it there ?	it is okay . nothing special !	do you get into politics ?	sometime . i try to be well rounded in discussion .	i love to listen to debates .	which presidential candidate from the past did you enjoy listening to most ?	i like listening to hilary clinton	yes , her debates last year were very interesting .	do you like computers or anything like that ?	yes , her debates last year were very interesting .
dull-2029	hi , what is up with you today ?	hi there ! the lord of the rings ! i am a huge binge watcher	hi , what is up with you today ?	hi there ! the lord of the rings ! i am a huge binge watcher	that is awesome . i have never seen them though	well that is between my two part time jobs .	wow , what do you do ?	i am a nurse . i work in the er and surgery unit	sick , i bet you have seen some pretty grotty stuff !	yes it is awesome . i must admit i love fantasy . what do you do ?	you probably know who i am . i am a lead singer of your favorite band .	That is very interesting.
dull-2030	hey do you like dancing ?	love it . that is the one thing i miss since graduating college . you ?	hey do you like dancing ?	love it . that is the one thing i miss since graduating college . you ?	i love dancing ! what did you take in college ?	nursing . it was super hard because i spent a lot of time playing soccer too .	wow that sounds like a lot to balance out . were you any good at soccer ?	That is a good question.
dull-2031	hello , how are you doing today ?	i am doing great . just having a few slices of bacon for breakfast . you ?	hello , how are you doing today ?	i am doing great . just having a few slices of bacon for breakfast . you ?	Nice!
dull-2032	hello , praise god friend for all the good works	hi . i really do not want to talk	hello , praise god friend for all the good works	hi . i really do not want to talk	why are you moody now at this time ?	my cats are acting weird and i am having writers block	Awesome!
dull-2033	hi how are you today	good , how are you ? i just finished reading a new drama book	hi how are you today	good , how are you ? i just finished reading a new drama book	i am good where do you work	at a club in downtown miami . i just moved here from california	you ever worked a forklift ?	just in my video games lol what about you ?	Awesome!
dull-2034	hey there . i am a 40 year old male . tell me about yourself .	i am female 45 . i love novels about paranormal romances .	hey there . i am a 40 year old male . tell me about yourself .	i am female 45 . i love novels about paranormal romances .	interesting . i do not read much . sitting still makes me uncomfortable .	i feel sad because i stutter whenever i am excited .	one of my kids stutters . i am a single dad .	i am the assistant manager at my mothers restaurant .	that sounds like a fun job . i am a carpenter . i love building with my hands .	i wish it was full time , it is just part time . nice , a carpenter ?	yes . i build custom furniture .	you are quite talented ? does your child stutter all the time ?	i think i am pretty capable . he only stutters when he is nervous or excited .	what is your favorite comfort food ? i love pizza .	i love anything with chicken in it .	Nice!
dull-2035	hi how are you today ?	great , getting ready for midterms . you ?	hi how are you today ?	That question does not make sense to me.
dull-2036	hello ! i am getting my girls ready for school . you ?	hi ! i am getting my family ready . takes a while since there is four of us .	hello ! i am getting my girls ready for school . you ?	hi ! i am getting my family ready . takes a while since there is four of us .	there are 4 of us too . me and my 3 girls . their dad is my ex	i also attend school . what are you going to school for ?	i am a teacher just like my mother was	awesome ! music is what i am studying since i like it so much .	i enjoy music too . heart is my favorite band	i saw them in concert . could not see much since i am only five feet .	haha my firefighter dad would have been able to hold you on his shoulders	did you come from a big family ? it is just me , parents and a sibling .	just me and my parents . they had me in the late was	how late ? my parents were also older . in their 50s !	Wow, great question!
dull-2037	hello , how are you today ?	i am doing very well , just came back from walking my dogs .	hello , how are you today ?	i am doing very well , just came back from walking my dogs .	what kind of dogs ? i have a couple cats .	i have retrievers , they are my companions . i am an attorney .	i write for a newspaper . what kind of law do you do ?	civil , mainly for the people of my tribe in oklahoma ,	i live in hawaii . do you like oklahoma ?	not really , but it is where i am needed at the moment .	That is very interesting.
dull-2038	hello , how are you today ?	good . i am just painting a picture of my horses .	hello , how are you today ?	good . i am just painting a picture of my horses .	i love horses ! do you have a farm ?	no , just two horses which i love .	i live in seattle in an apartment . i do not have room for an apartment .	you mean room for a horse , right ?	oops , yes . also , i could not afford to take care of a horse .	i live in a city too but board them nearby .	that is cool . i just got out of college . i do have a cat though .	i live in a city too but board them nearby .
dull-2039	hi , how are you today ?	doing great , how are you ?	hi , how are you today ?	doing great , how are you ?	it has been rough for me and my sister since our parents dies last year .	i am sorry to hear that , how are you dealing with it ?	it is hard here on edris island , so many memories .	consider going on long walks , it would help clear the mind	i like to take our dog ralph for walks .	same , i have a large dog i take for walks	so what have you been up to lately ?	i have been planning a trip to europe	that sounds exciting , i would love to visit europe one day .	yeah it is my dream vacation so i have been reading about it	that sounds exciting , i would love to visit europe one day .
dull-2040	hey . tg 14 year old here .	how are you doing tonight , i am missing my tail it was removed	hey . tg 14 year old here .	how are you doing tonight , i am missing my tail it was removed	that happened to my cat . my dog found it and ate it .	oh no do you like hollister i worked there back in high school ?	yes its my fav . i stopped by there after school today to look for clothes .	yeah very cool , i quit to become a skater , i get paid to skate	i want to be an actor . is ice skating hard ? lol	not to me but other people say yes , what kind of actor ?	I don't know what you mean by that.
dull-2041	how are you doing today ?	i am good . what is your occupation ?	how are you doing today ?	i am good . what is your occupation ?	i actually do not have a job right now . i go to school	oh . i always wanted to do fashion , but i had a rough life growing up .	i am into science . i plan on being a marine biologist	cool . stay focus . my parents were never around . i started stealing and got arrested .	i am so sorry . it sounds like you have had a tough life	yeah . when i was in high school , my best friend stole my boyfriend . rough !	oh that is awful ! are you from the us ?	That is a good question.
dull-2042	hey there . i am a 40 year old male . tell me about yourself .	i am female 45 . i love novels about paranormal romances .	hey there . i am a 40 year old male . tell me about yourself .	i am female 45 . i love novels about paranormal romances .	interesting . i do not read much . sitting still makes me uncomfortable .	i feel sad because i stutter whenever i am excited .	one of my kids stutters . i am a single dad .	i am the assistant manager at my mothers restaurant .	that sounds like a fun job . i am a carpenter . i love building with my hands .	i wish it was full time , it is just part time . nice , a carpenter ?	yes . i build custom furniture .	you are quite talented ? does your child stutter all the time ?	i think i am pretty capable . he only stutters when he is nervous or excited .	what is your favorite comfort food ? i love pizza .	i love anything with chicken in it .	chicken is healthier than pizza . i love to cook	i love anything with chicken in it .
dull-2043	how are you tonight ? did you go to college ?	i am good . i prefer artistic endeavors to scholarly ones . you ?	how are you tonight ? did you go to college ?	i am good . i prefer artistic endeavors to scholarly ones . you ?	well , my job is stagnant so i am considering school . what do you do ?	i earn a paycheck at a research facility cleaning cages . what would you study ?	i was thinking about nursing , the golden arches does not pay well .	i understand . luckily i decided to create my art from trash so it is free !	that sounds so exciting . my aunt was an artist , she painted when i was growing up .	cool ! what do you like to do in your free time ?	i go visit the animals on my aunt and uncles farm , i grew up there , you ?	that sounds fun . i spend my free time on art .	i wish i was artistic , i can barely draw stick figures . you sound interesting .	fortunately i am long on personality because i am short on height !	i wish i was artistic , i can barely draw stick figures . you sound interesting .
dull-2044	hello . what do you love to do ?	I don't know what you mean by that.
dull-2045	hello , what animals do you have ? i have a couple of horses , 2	just 1 little maltese so easy to deal with over people	hello , what animals do you have ? i have a couple of horses , 2	just 1 little maltese so easy to deal with over people	do you live in a large or small city ? i am in large	i live in a big city i work for the shelter for animals as a cleaner	do you need a painter there because i paint when i have free time	no i do not like music ?	well i certainly do , taylor swift is my favorite	cool , i am normally irritating or irritable	nice , i work with a lot of irritating people at the grocery store	i bet an customers , i like the boss niece smh	yeah diffidently , so tell me more interesting things about yourself	i do not have much to say well do you like bands ?	no i hate music and you are boring me	so ? you been boring to me based of how slow you type anyway	That is a great question.
dull-2046	what are you getting into tonight ?	what do you mean by that ?	what are you getting into tonight ?	what do you mean by that ?	nothing really . what are you up to ?	i was at the beach earlier , i live on this small island called edris island	i wish i had time to go to the beach	why are you so busy ?	i am always working . but i have worked there forever	my parents died a few months ago and i have been taking things easy	i am so sorry . i work as a nurse so i deal with people dying often	my parents died a few months ago and i have been taking things easy
dull-2047	hello ! ! i like to make clothes ! !	greetings ! i enjoy camping and hiking in the wilderness	hello ! ! i like to make clothes ! !	greetings ! i enjoy camping and hiking in the wilderness	i love the outdoors ! the weather is crazy this year !	the best part , is the feast of a wild boar .	do you know how to cook ?	yea , amongst other things , i installed a loud stereo in my truck .	i love animals ! i adopted a cat .	at my moms healthcare job , they as well have an adopted cat .	my mother was a nurse in the army	did she like the healthcare field ?	pharmaceuticals are a problem . the environment worries me as well .	I love that.
dull-2048	how are you doing today ?	i am good . this is great , i love making new friends !	how are you doing today ?	i am good . this is great , i love making new friends !
dull-2049	hi ! i just got back from a run . what are you doing ?	hello , i am just playing some online poker .	hi ! i just got back from a run . what are you doing ?	hello , i am just playing some online poker .	i can not afford to gamble . i work at a fast food restaurant .	oh okay , that is too bad , i work as a carpenter .	i would love to work with wood . i could fix up this cheap apartment !	that would be nice . i do not have very many friends who can help me .	i am trying to earn my ged because i quit high school .	oh good for you ! my wife and three kids also quit high school when they were younger .	wow ! all of them ? do you have any pets ?	yes i have a dog and a cat , what about you ?	i am allergic to animals so i do not like them .	That is cool.
dull-2050	hello how are you today	i am well how are you	hello how are you today	i am well how are you	i am doing great . its dreary so i am watching tv .	its nice here i am on the porch cross stitching	that sounds very relaxing . is it sunny ?	yes quite beautiful today . i love doing my crafts outside	what other crafts do you like	i enjoy quilting	that sounds nice . do you go to craft shows ?	i enjoy quilting
dull-2051	what kind of music do you like to listen to ?	Wow, great question!
dull-2052	good morning , how are you ?	i am fine how is your day ?	good morning , how are you ?	i am fine how is your day ?	great just left the gym	nice i am brainstorming today . . do you fear anything	nothing but bugs . i hate them lol	i was attacked by a strange dog as a child . .	sorry . i have a dog and a few cats	i am sure i will grow out of it . do you like comic books ?	yes . i actually write cookbooks for people on diets	i write for a living as well . whats your favorite way to unwind	i like to drink red wine after exercising , you ?	i watch superhero movies with a scotch on the rocks	strong drink . . . who is your favorite superhero ?	That question does not make sense to me.
dull-2053	hello ! good evening . how are you doing ?	2 tired , you ? vets do not sleep	hello ! good evening . how are you doing ?	2 tired , you ? vets do not sleep	i am very tired as i was clean home all the day .	that is not fun . what is your name ?	Wow, great question!
dull-2054	hi ! i just got back from a run . what are you doing ?	I don't know what you mean by that.
dull-2055	hi how are you doing	very good , how are you today ?	hi how are you doing	very good , how are you today ?	I don't know what you mean by that.
dull-2056	hi how are you doing	i am well . how about you ?	That question does not make sense to me.
dull-2057	hi there , how are you ?	i am alright . finished with homeschool . you ?	hi there , how are you ?	i am alright . finished with homeschool . you ?	Awesome!
dull-2058	hey whats up ? i just got home from the gym .	right now i am attending school . i like msic .	hey whats up ? i just got home from the gym .	right now i am attending school . i like msic .	awesome bro . i quite school to work and earn money .	my family consists of 4 , myself , one sibling , and 2 parents .	i hate families . i prefer to be alone .	i am short at 5 ft tall . how about you ?	i am 5 ft and 6 in tall . i weigh 220 pounds and its all muscle .	that sounds very nice , yes .	what is your favorite drink ? mine has to be water . i love water	i love pepsi , it is the best .	That is cool.
dull-2059	hello hope you having a good day ? will you chat with me awhile ?	of course ! do you like watching movies ?	hello hope you having a good day ? will you chat with me awhile ?	of course ! do you like watching movies ?	i like watching movies about the civil war . i have many civil war relics	that is cool . are you married ?	i have had four wives . three of them have passed away . i am married for now	Awesome!
dull-2060	hey there how are you ? i love to eat meat .	hello , i am a sports fan .	hey there how are you ? i love to eat meat .	hello , i am a sports fan .	awesome , of what sports ? i am a doc .	i especially like watching soccer games . how about you ?	i do not like sports at all	i am sure you went to college i did also .	yes i did . especially being a doctor .	i thought so , i will be getting married soon . how about you ?	yes i did . especially being a doctor .
dull-2061	hello how are you doing i am doing okay .	my dog ginger watches the titantic movie with me every time its on .	hello how are you doing i am doing okay .	my dog ginger watches the titantic movie with me every time its on .	i love listening to music very relaxing .	cool ! i was an exchanged student .	i am kind of huge for 8 feet tall . i do not like my weight .	hmmm . wow ! i met my son for the first time today .	wonderful that is a happy moment i have to attend school soon .	yes it is ! i love putting together model cars .	great sounds like a cool activity i have a small family and one parent .	hmmm . ginger is my golden retriever .	oh i love animals i bet she is beautiful . i have to hear some music .	hmmm . titanic is something to see for the eleven times .	yes i have that movie and watched it more then 11 times .	hmmm . really ? i met alot of foreign exchanged student studying abroad .	oh really hope they were nice people that is what counts .	I am happy for you!
dull-2062	hi do you like animals ? i have a dog and 2 cats	i love animals too ! i have 1 dog . i also love music . who is your favorite band ?	hi do you like animals ? i have a dog and 2 cats	i love animals too ! i have 1 dog . i also love music . who is your favorite band ?	i really prefer to read plays rather than listen to music . do you read ?	not so much . . i am still in school so i have to read for grades	i listen to a little music while i am exercising for hours .	not so much . . i am still in school so i have to read for grades
dull-2063	hello i am a real estate agent in canada where are you ?	hi there i teach biology college	hello i am a real estate agent in canada where are you ?	hi there i teach biology college
dull-2064	hi , do you go to school ?	no , not anymore . i barely have time for that , with the family !	hi , do you go to school ?	no , not anymore . i barely have time for that , with the family !	i have a sister . so i know how that is . how many kids ?	i have 3 children , and 2 kitties , that think they are my children as well !	lol it is just my sister , me , and my parents	do you like to cook ? i make homemade gourmet cat food , and people food , too !	nah . my mom does all the cooking .	i love cooking ! and , i am pretty good at it , too ! that explains the extra pounds !	are you tall ? i am so short	if i was taller , i might feel better about my body . what do you do ?	I don't know what you mean by that.
dull-2065	hi how are you ? i feel woozy . someone must have spiked my iced tea	sorry to hear that . i feel great just finished working out .	hi how are you ? i feel woozy . someone must have spiked my iced tea	sorry to hear that . i feel great just finished working out .	i would rather do computer coding than work out . maybe i should change	i exercise daily and ride my horses . do you ride ?	no . i like country music festivals , and strumming country songs on my guitar	i am into horses , not much on computers , i grew up on a ranch .	i plan to spend my early twenties on a ranch .	cool , i like music by john denver , we ranchers like the country stuff .	true . maybe i will build a website for country music fans . kind of like spotify	computer novice here , but i garden ? i use my garden vegetables in my cooking .	Let me think what I have to say about that!
dull-2066	hi , how are you ? studying for a test tomorrow .	hey ! me too , and i just got back from the arctic . studying what ?	hi , how are you ? studying for a test tomorrow .	hey ! me too , and i just got back from the arctic . studying what ?	have a test in childhood education tomorrow . wow about the arctic .	cool . i study international law . met my girlfriend abroad .	no boyfriend here , but playing tennis with a new guy tomorrow .	yeah ? active , huh . me too . i am flying out again after my exam .	yes , active . love sports and dancing to rap music .	I love that.
dull-2067	hi there ! just finished shopping ! love it !	hello how are you today	hi there ! just finished shopping ! love it !	hello how are you today	i love clothes and models ! cant wait to get to auburn to study it !	why are you taking so long to answer ?	why are others ? sorry . i love to drive beetles .	I am very happy to hear that.
dull-2068	hello there how are you today	i am wonderful . i just finished my book . how are you ?	hello there how are you today
dull-2069	hi . just chilling to john denver after my work out . how about you ?	hi , just studying for my college exam . hows it going	hi . just chilling to john denver after my work out . how about you ?	hi , just studying for my college exam . hows it going	good . what are you taking in college ?	hi , just studying for my college exam . hows it going
dull-2070	hey there how are you today ? i hate dogs i run everytime	i am good . just watching the office .	hey there how are you today ? i hate dogs i run everytime	i am good . just watching the office .	like to eat ? i love to cook .	i am eating a carrot , i do not eat anything sweet .	that is cool i want too	tell me something about yourself .	that is cool i want too
dull-2071	hi , do you eat plants and meat ? because i eat both	i do , though not the dogs or the cactus i am growing	hi , do you eat plants and meat ? because i eat both	i do , though not the dogs or the cactus i am growing	nice , where do you work ? i do mostly sales	i am a criminal defense lawyer .	I am very happy to hear that.
dull-2072	hi how are you doing tonight i am fare .	i am wonderful just relaxing ready to begin a long work week .	hi how are you doing tonight i am fare .	i am wonderful just relaxing ready to begin a long work week .	i tend to eat fish sardines in the morning for breakfast do you ?	no i like barbecue more than fish .	yes good for you i like playing with the frisbee do you ? barbecue tasty .	i have tried it . i used my free time to lift weights . do you lift ?	no to heavy for me i love animals have two huge dogs .	dogs are awesome . i am a huge man that loves watching horror movies .	you seem to be a fun person to be around . i did not finish high school .	me either i drive a forklift in a warehouse where i work .	oh god do not look at our mistakes i guess nice person you are .	thank you and you are so kind .	thank you so much i had an operation on my underarm	wow what happened to it ?	god bless you stay sweet baby . good night hope to chat again .	That is very interesting.
dull-2073	hello , how are you today	hi , i am wonderful and you ?	Let me think what I have to say about that!
dull-2074	hi do you like college sports ? i am a fan of ohio state	i am not really into sports . i like robots though !	hi do you like college sports ? i am a fan of ohio state	i am not really into sports . i like robots though !	robots are cool . they use them in the factory where i work	that is cool , where do you live ?	in ohio . home of the buckeyes	i live out here in california	do you like it ? i would be afraid of all the water along the coast	i love the water , it so much fun to go swimming in the ocean	no so scary ! i would rather be gardening	that is kind of boring , but to each their own !	boring is working in a factory . gardening is awesome	i was homeschooled , that is pretty boring too	boring is working in a factory . gardening is awesome
dull-2075	how are you today ? i am doing great myself	i am great ! it is hot here in south carolina today .	how are you today ? i am doing great myself	I don't know what you mean by that.
dull-2076	hello how are you doing today ?	not too bad . a little sad , but such is life .	hello how are you doing today ?	not too bad . a little sad , but such is life .	why are you sad today did something happen ?	just need to lose some weight . having 3 kids will do that .	I love that.
dull-2077	hi , i am married and have a husband , he is my world , i love him	my collection of stickers and poetry are mine lol	hi , i am married and have a husband , he is my world , i love him	my collection of stickers and poetry are mine lol	nice , do you watch anything on tv for fun ?	my collection of stickers and poetry are mine lol
dull-2078	he ; ; o . how are you this day	dogs really scares me , i live in an apartment that i rent	he ; ; o . how are you this day	dogs really scares me , i live in an apartment that i rent	they mess with my allergies . plus i have a military disability .	i am doing good and you ? i am a woman at age 32	I don't have a good answer to that.
dull-2079	hello how are you doing today ?	not too bad . a little sad , but such is life .	hello how are you doing today ?	not too bad . a little sad , but such is life .	why are you sad today did something happen ?	just need to lose some weight . having 3 kids will do that .	oh i can only imagine i decided long ago that i did not want kids .	smart choice ! do you like to cook ? i would be a great chef lol	oh i can only imagine i decided long ago that i did not want kids .
dull-2080	hi ! how are you doing today ?	i am fantastic ! how are you ?	hi ! how are you doing today ?	i am fantastic ! how are you ?	i am doing very well . thanks !	so what do you do for a living ?	i work in real estate . i have been doing it for about 12 years . what about you ?	i am a kindergarten teacher . i really love kids .	wow , i have two kids in kindergarten right now .	two in the same grade ! that must be a handful !	wow , i have two kids in kindergarten right now .
dull-2081	hello . what do you love to do ?	i love to hunt an i have 3 guns , you ?	hello . what do you love to do ?	i love to hunt an i have 3 guns , you ?	yeah i am in the army .	cool , do you drive any big trucks ? i have a ford pick up	yes . the army trucks are big here in south korea .	i like where i live my people live down the street i love it .	that is great . i like my troop too . what do you do .	i hunt for a living , pretty relaxed an conservative .	how old are you ? married ?	That is a good question.
dull-2082	hello there . where are you from ?	i am from canada . how about you ?	hello there . where are you from ?	i am from canada . how about you ?	interesting . i am from pennsylvania in the us .	That is very interesting.
dull-2083	hello , do you want to go for a walk with me and my fur babies	hi , what are fur babies ?	hello , do you want to go for a walk with me and my fur babies	hi , what are fur babies ?	they are just pets . my cats and dogs .	that is cool . i wish i could but my family takes up most of my time .	oh . i have a lot of grandbabies	i am married with kids , you ?	I don't have a good answer to that.
dull-2084	hello , how are you , how is day ?	pretty good thanks and you ?	hello , how are you , how is day ?	pretty good thanks and you ?	i fine thanks , my dream is fashion designer , and you ?	i have lots of dreams but work at mcdonalds	That is very interesting.
dull-2085	hi there , how are you ?	i am alright . finished with homeschool . you ?	hi there , how are you ?	i am alright . finished with homeschool . you ?	cool . just got back from my run . had nirvana playing on repeat . was great	i love nirvana , true story . i play bass in a metal band	hey man ! i play music myself . guitar	right on . i play everything in a side project . all metal though . lol	so what do you do for work ?	i tattoo and write for a ghost writing company . you ?	okay , now i feel a bit lame . . pet smart . haha	lol ! who cares , at least you work !	haha . wanna be a police officer some day like my dad	the police around here are not too nice . they got beat up a lot in high school	oh man , where are you located ?	in wisconsin . it is cold . they will come around eventually , but for now they are dicks	hope so , please are legit around here .	in wisconsin . it is cold . they will come around eventually , but for now they are dicks
dull-2086	i collect teddy bears . do you collect anything ?	not really . i like to study , usually biology at the university .	i collect teddy bears . do you collect anything ?	I don't have a good answer to that.
dull-2087	i am very creative , i love taking on diy projects .	i am not very crafty but i like to write	i am very creative , i love taking on diy projects .	i am not very crafty but i like to write	i like staying active . i walk at least a mile everyday .	wow . i like to work out too . we can be friends	i like staying active . i walk at least a mile everyday .
dull-2088	i am getting hungry , how about you ?	i just ate with my two boys . i am a single mom .	i am getting hungry , how about you ?	i just ate with my two boys . i am a single mom .	tell me it was vegan food please , that is all i eat .	nope , i am a meat eater . do you drive ? my car is a honda civic .	i drive a truck so i can play my country music everywhere i go .	that is awesome ! i am an accountant . do you like to hike ? i love it .	i cannot hike because i have a disability . i cannot even work much either	sorry to hear that . where are you from ? i am from ohio .	i live in california currently . spend my days knitting for children	that is awesome ! california is very beautiful .	the babes i knit the hats for are the real beauties	it sounds like you really care for them !	i do ! my disability makes it hard to type , i meant to say babies not babes	i understand . well you seem like a very caring person .	i care about animals . please stop eating them , try veggies instead	i understand . well you seem like a very caring person .
dull-2089	hey there . i am a student who needs money	i am a nurse , caring for people is what i love to do	hey there . i am a student who needs money	i am a nurse , caring for people is what i love to do	oh that is sounds exciting . i am studying to be a marine biologist	i enjoy riding my bike with my 2 dogs	oh that is cool . wanna go to a party ?	that is great , all 3 of my grandchildren are adults now	oh damn you must be super old	i would love to go to a party , what time we leaving	sike i am a student i do not party . plus you old	no i am 24 , i had kids at 5 years old	what the hell . i am gonna call somebody to take care of you	lol , my 2 grown grandkids can help	that is weird sir . you gotta stop coming to these college student scenes	lol , my 2 grown grandkids can help
dull-2090	hi how are you today	good , how are you ? i just finished reading a new drama book	hi how are you today
dull-2091	how are you tonight ? did you go to college ?	i am good . i prefer artistic endeavors to scholarly ones . you ?	how are you tonight ? did you go to college ?	i am good . i prefer artistic endeavors to scholarly ones . you ?	well , my job is stagnant so i am considering school . what do you do ?	i earn a paycheck at a research facility cleaning cages . what would you study ?	i was thinking about nursing , the golden arches does not pay well .	i understand . luckily i decided to create my art from trash so it is free !	that sounds so exciting . my aunt was an artist , she painted when i was growing up .	cool ! what do you like to do in your free time ?	i go visit the animals on my aunt and uncles farm , i grew up there , you ?	that sounds fun . i spend my free time on art .	Awesome!
dull-2092	hi ! i love to party and jam to metallica . what are your hobbies ?	i enjoy spending time with my 3 girls not my ex though	hi ! i love to party and jam to metallica . what are your hobbies ?	i enjoy spending time with my 3 girls not my ex though	exes are bummers . i hang with my two brothers mostly . where did you grow up ?	i grew up in the last was . not sure what that means but it is true	sounds interesting , ha ! i come from wisconsin , lots of snow and cold for me ! i love it .	brr ! what do your parents do ? my dad was a firefighter and mom was a teacher	cool ! my mom was also a teacher , for 20 years ! did you follow suit ?	I don't know what you mean by that.
dull-2093	howdy how are we doing tonight i am fine what about your self ?	i am good , just hanging out	I like that.
dull-2094	hi how are you ? i feel woozy . someone must have spiked my iced tea	sorry to hear that . i feel great just finished working out .	hi how are you ? i feel woozy . someone must have spiked my iced tea	sorry to hear that . i feel great just finished working out .	i would rather do computer coding than work out . maybe i should change	i exercise daily and ride my horses . do you ride ?	no . i like country music festivals , and strumming country songs on my guitar	i am into horses , not much on computers , i grew up on a ranch .	i plan to spend my early twenties on a ranch .	cool , i like music by john denver , we ranchers like the country stuff .	true . maybe i will build a website for country music fans . kind of like spotify	computer novice here , but i garden ? i use my garden vegetables in my cooking .	That is a good question.
dull-2095	hey i am jordan and i am a veterinarian . how are you doing today ?	i am joe and a pro skater	hey i am jordan and i am a veterinarian . how are you doing today ?	i am joe and a pro skater	oh nice . where are you from ? i am from cali but i am now in florida	i live in fl also . i used to work for hollister back in school	do you enjoy listening and playing music ? i am a musician , only on weekends	i love music and especially bluegrass which i can play good	i am pretty good with the guitar . and when i am not so busy i read drama books	i had a tail when i was born but had it cut off	what kind of tail did you get removed ?	i had a tail when i was born but had it cut off
dull-2096	hi ! how are you doing today ?	i am sad . my parents were never around when i was young .	hi ! how are you doing today ?	i am sad . my parents were never around when i was young .	i am sorry . sometimes it is better . did you have foster kids	no . i want kids though . just not yet .	are you in college ? that is a good plan	yes but i am mad . becky stole my boyfriend .	I am happy for you!
dull-2097	hello , how are you today	hi , i am wonderful and you ?	hello , how are you today	hi , i am wonderful and you ?	i am good , a little bored . my best friend is broken	really . . . i am sorry he or she is broken .	yes she is a robot . what are you up to	lol , funny . i am listening to my favorite music , jazz . and you ?	i just got done with school , about to touch up my blue roots	cool , blue roots . i have clients that color their pets hair blue .	oh do you work with pets ? ?	I don't have a good answer to that.
dull-2098	hello i love living in new york	hello , do they have great italian restaurants like they do in italy there ?	hello i love living in new york	hello , do they have great italian restaurants like they do in italy there ?	yes and i love to eat	i love to travel , i am hoping to take my dog with me to europe .	i love music and dislike sweets	i love tiramisu . it is one of lifes greatest pleasures .	yes it is . being a jew i enjoy it	have you made a pilgrimage to israel ? i went and it was lovely .	no i have not . i do not have much times these days	you really should go . there is so much to see .	i will have to make a date to go soon	you should . you are supposed to at least one , right ?	That is a good question.
dull-2099	hello , how are you this evening ?	i m good i m playing for my next travel and adventure	hello , how are you this evening ?	i m good i m playing for my next travel and adventure	that sounds fun . i enjoy playing board games and reading biographies .	arctic and i m going to use that for my lessons in school as a teacher	i just finished school . i graduated from college .	so i switched to being interested in iceland geology teacher	i just finished school . i graduated from college .
dull-2100	hi ! do you have any hobbies ?	mostly playing poker . what about you ?	hi ! do you have any hobbies ?	mostly playing poker . what about you ?	Let me think what I have to say about that!
dull-2101	hi how are you today	i am pretty good , loving this autumn weather , you ?	hi how are you today	i am pretty good , loving this autumn weather , you ?	what is your favorite color ?	That is amazing.
dull-2102	hello , how are you doing ?	so tired . just got off job 1 and off to job 2 soon . you ?	I don't know what you mean by that.
dull-2103	hi how are you today	i am pretty good , loving this autumn weather , you ?	hi how are you today	i am pretty good , loving this autumn weather , you ?	what is your favorite color ?	purple . i have a turtle , do you like any animals ?	i do not but purple is mine too !	that is pretty cool , any favorite sports ?	i do not but purple is mine too !
dull-2104	hello , how are you today ?	hi , my mother and i own a restaurant . you like pizza ?	hello , how are you today ?	hi , my mother and i own a restaurant . you like pizza ?	i do not like pizza . i work as a bodybuilder and can not eat carbs	hmmm . i see . there are seven siblings in my home .	wow that is a lot ! i only have a brother	hmmm . i see . there are seven siblings in my home .
dull-2105	hello , praise god friend for all the good works	hi . i really do not want to talk	hello , praise god friend for all the good works	hi . i really do not want to talk	why are you moody now at this time ?	my cats are acting weird and i am having writers block	did you take them to their clinic for a check up ?	no i think they are just hungry	so do you have any thing to feed them on ?	yes i do . what do you do for a living	i do bake cakes and cookies that i distribute to shops for my earnings .	yes i do . what do you do for a living
dull-2106	hi , do you have sons ? i have two .	a younger brother and no children is all . besides dad	Wow.
dull-2107	hey , what do you do for living	i m in a band , i m the lead singer	hey , what do you do for living	i m in a band , i m the lead singer	how long you been singing , i write books	since i was 14 , we are bertha s beautiful butterflies	wow nice , maybe i could do a story on you	what kind of books do you write ?	That is a good question.
dull-2108	hello , praise god friend for all the good works	hi . i really do not want to talk	hello , praise god friend for all the good works	hi . i really do not want to talk	why are you moody now at this time ?	my cats are acting weird and i am having writers block	did you take them to their clinic for a check up ?	no i think they are just hungry	so do you have any thing to feed them on ?	That question does not make sense to me.
dull-2109	hello , how are you tonight ?	i am well . and yourself ?	hello , how are you tonight ?	i am well . and yourself ?	very well , almost finished with my homework .	nice . i just finished a huge glass of iced tea	sounds good . do you like rap ?	i do . i love country also	i do not care for it .	i grew up on it , or i probably would not either	my parents did not care for music , our house was very quiet .	i cant imagine a world that does not have music in it	now , i cannot . it was weird .	i believe it . do you like doing stuff on the computer ?	at times , when i am watching tv	That is amazing.
dull-2110	hi , did you finish high school ? i never did	That is a great question.
dull-2111	howdy how are you doing tonight i am doing fine .	i am doing fine too .	howdy how are you doing tonight i am doing fine .	i am doing fine too .	that is good i like watching sports on television . do you ?	i do not like sports . i love watching series .	that is okay we all like different things . another sport i like is soccer .	i love watching soccer when i world cup or euro cup .	that sounds really good and fun too .	yes it is . do you study ?	i am a graduate from college . but now disabled .	Nice!
dull-2112	i sure hope you like hobbits !	i do lol do you like to be cared for ?	i sure hope you like hobbits !	i do lol do you like to be cared for ?	i sure hope you like hobbits !
dull-2113	hello . how are you today ?	i am good . how about yourself ?	hello . how are you today ?	i am good . how about yourself ?	slow . reading a book at the moment , romance of the paranormal persuasion	sounds interesting . i like reading but do not do it enough .	i work at my mas restaurant part of the time , i have too much time .	there is never enough time ! i am watching tv and catching up on old shows .	i have american greed playing in the background . lol	is it really good ? i have heard of it , but , never watched it .	yeah , a lot of episodes . people can be really greedy !	i think we all can . maybe watching that will make me feel better about myself !	yeah , a lot of episodes . people can be really greedy !
dull-2114	hey , how are you today ?	i hate my weight from my three kids	hey , how are you today ?	i hate my weight from my three kids	i am sorry to heart that . how old are your kids ?	it sucks because they are a drain on my life	i will have to pass this info along to my brother . he just got married	you should it very hard to handle them	thanks for the warning . what do you do for enjoyment ? to relax ?	i enjoy cooking a lot its very relaxing	That is good.
dull-2115	hi , do you like bbq ?	hello yes i love bbq	hi , do you like bbq ?	I don't know what you mean by that.
dull-2116	hi how are you today	i am fine what about you ?	hi how are you today	That is amazing.
dull-2117	hi ! what is your name ?	amanda . what do they call you ?	hi ! what is your name ?	amanda . what do they call you ?	hi amanda . i am lucy . what are you up to ?	enjoying a much needed night off with my pup . you ?	Wow.
dull-2118	hi there how are you doing ?	i am doing ok how about you	hi there how are you doing ?	i am doing ok how about you	i am good just got home from work .	you been to the arctic region	no can not say that i have . tho i work out like crazy .	well are they cleaning is all been crazy and i plan to go there explore	that i think will be hard work . do you want kids ?	not married and i m teaching geology before but i switched to hunting	Nice!
dull-2119	hi , what is up with you ?	fine and am just sipping my wine at the moment .	hi , what is up with you ?	Wow, great question!
dull-2120	hello there , how are you ?	hi there ! i am well , and you ?	hello there , how are you ?	hi there ! i am well , and you ?	i am doing just fine . studying for a test i have coming up .	ooh what sort of test ? i want to go to school to be a chef	for intro to law . i want to be a lawyer when i graduate .	very cool . do you like books ? i love romance ones . . . movies too	That question does not make sense to me.
dull-2121	hello , what are some of your hobbies ?	hi i am really into crafting	hello , what are some of your hobbies ?	That is a good question.
dull-2122	hello how are you ?	i am doing well , how are you ?	hello how are you ?	i am doing well , how are you ?	doing well just playing with my pedro who is my dog	i also have a dog named juan . he is my hunting dog . we like to hunt .	what do you like to hunt ? what kind of job do you have ?	anything but shellfish . i am allergic . mostly we hunt ducks .	very cool i want to get into hunting but i am only five foot tall	anything but shellfish . i am allergic . mostly we hunt ducks .
dull-2123	hello there , how are you ?	hey i am fine how about you	hello there , how are you ?	hey i am fine how about you	i am amazing about to start college	hey i am fine how about you
dull-2124	hi , want to go shopping with me ?	i am sorry my left leg is in a lot of pain so i can not	That is cool.
dull-2125	hello , do you want to go for a walk with me and my fur babies	hi , what are fur babies ?	hello , do you want to go for a walk with me and my fur babies	hi , what are fur babies ?	they are just pets . my cats and dogs .	I love that.
dull-2126	i love riding horses in this weather . do you have any fun hobbies ?	i enjoy barbecue , and weight lifting .	i love riding horses in this weather . do you have any fun hobbies ?	i enjoy barbecue , and weight lifting .	i used to do some weight lifting before i injured my leg .	i am very tall , it is the only thing i can comfortably do .	i injured it in college and again last year falling off a horse .	i have never ridden a horse , is it difficult ?	now i am old and it hurts every day . i have to keep it propped up	i drive a forklift and i have to prop mine up as well .	its easy to ride . i love riding them as long as i do not fall off again .	what else do you do for fun ?	Wow, great question!
dull-2127	hi how are you today ?	hi . i am good , and you ?	hi how are you today ?	hi . i am good , and you ?	i am hungry how are you ?	i just ate . i have traveled overseas . i have studied in england .	what do you like to do ?	travel when i can . my best friend goes with me . we met in kindergarten .	that is cool , like jazz ? i love it	it is ok . where did you grow up ? i did in north dakota .	i like to read an run	that is fun ! are you jewish ? i am .	no i am not an you ?	yes i am . i have been my whole life .	that is cool i am a doctor .	yes i am . i have been my whole life .
dull-2128	hey . tg 14 year old here .	how are you doing tonight , i am missing my tail it was removed	hey . tg 14 year old here .	how are you doing tonight , i am missing my tail it was removed	that happened to my cat . my dog found it and ate it .	oh no do you like hollister i worked there back in high school ?	yes its my fav . i stopped by there after school today to look for clothes .	yeah very cool , i quit to become a skater , i get paid to skate	i want to be an actor . is ice skating hard ? lol	not to me but other people say yes , what kind of actor ?	i would love to be on that show trans parent . you know ? because i am transgender	Awesome!
dull-2129	hi . how are you tonight ?	i am well focused on fantasy you ?	hi . how are you tonight ?	i am well focused on fantasy you ?	good . binge watching one tree hill , waiting on a pizza delivery after a long day	like lord of the rings ?	i love it . we watch it a lot at the pediatric hospital i work at .	cool , i binge watch it	that earns you a gold sticker on your chart for the day	what does lol i have 2 jobs like this , you ?	i work at a pediatric hospital as an rn . i give out stickers for good behaviour .	i want to write books myself	what is your favourite book ? i really liked the colour purple .	I don't have a good answer to that.
dull-2130	to whom do i have the pleasure of accompanying me today ?	my name is carol . how are you today ?	to whom do i have the pleasure of accompanying me today ?	my name is carol . how are you today ?	lonely carol , i sit here with my two cats stumped .	oh ? i have a siamese cat . just me and bob the cat . lonely too .	its ironic . i am a novelist . . . romance . living alone on an island far away from anyone	i sew quilts for relatives that are happier than i will ever be . retired banker .	it seems were one in the same , maybe i can use this mysterious connection	you write the novels , i will sew quilts that expound on the themes you write about .	it sounds like a match made in heaven . ironic is not it ? how lonely a romance writer is ?	it is ironic . like something from an alanis song .	Wow.
dull-2131	hi there how are you doing ?	i am doing good . just enjoying eating my muffin , you ?	hi there how are you doing ?	i am doing good . just enjoying eating my muffin , you ?	i am well thank you just waiting for my kiddos to get home from school . than dinner	i wish i had kids . just me and my dog , pedro , here	give it time dear . they are a lot of work and well worth the wait	i work with a lot of kids in the healthcare industry	that is a noble profession how did you get into that	i originally wanted to have a career in film as i love it	what exactly do you want to do in that field ?	produce . i decided to go down the healthcare route because its hard to get into	i can see that do you have a starting place ?	i am not sure yet . so , what do you like ?	reading is a passion , as well as cooking for my family . pretty simple here	sounds like a nice life you got	reading is a passion , as well as cooking for my family . pretty simple here
dull-2132	hi , i am married and have a husband , he is my world , i love him	my collection of stickers and poetry are mine lol	hi , i am married and have a husband , he is my world , i love him	my collection of stickers and poetry are mine lol	nice , do you watch anything on tv for fun ?	i like jane the virgin	nice , i love watching movies and shows and i love tv	me to but i want to learn the art of drawing	what kind of drawing ? who inspired you ?	anything and everything pictures , stickers , beautiful scenes	nice , lets go sometime when your free , are you a girl or guy ?	i am a female do you mind	i am a female and i have a husband that is the world to me	i am a female do you mind
dull-2133	hi there how are you doing today ?	i am good , just got back to my apartment from culinary school . how are you ?	hi there how are you doing today ?	i am good , just got back to my apartment from culinary school . how are you ?	i am good what do you like cook most . i love my bacon	i really like italian food . what do you do for a living ?	engineering , good job . ready for retirement . do you like camping ?	i do , as long as there are no dogs there . they terrify me .	Nice!
dull-2134	hi ! it is nice to meet you .	nice to meet you too ! what is your name ?	hi ! it is nice to meet you .	nice to meet you too ! what is your name ?	you will have to guess ! do you attend university ? i soon will go to auburn .	full time veterinarian . what will you be majoring in ?	i will be studying medical sciences . i want to go to medical school and become a doctor .	a very honorable profession . what do you do for fun ?	i work on my car ! i own the coolest vw beetle .	i love beetles ! is it a convertible ?	unfortunately not , but it is a standard shift transmission . i love having a clutch !	i am looking forward to a day of xbox tomorrow on my day off .	i have similar plans . i might also do some laundry .	do you like to read ?	sometimes . i listen to a lot of music . do you read a lot ?	oh ? i actually play in a band on the weekends .	I love that.
dull-2135	hi ! do you enjoy walking ? i am going out for a walk in my garden	i do enjoy walking ! i love to put my headphones on and walk around .	hi ! do you enjoy walking ? i am going out for a walk in my garden	i do enjoy walking ! i love to put my headphones on and walk around .	my college students always have headphones in . drives me nuts !	music is my bread and butter , i like surrounding myself with music . what do you teach ?	biology is my subject . it is fascinating	wow , that is cool , you must be very smart . i work at petsmart right now	i gained a lot of knowledge during my travels through europe	what is your favorite place to visit in europe ?	italy , austria , switzerland , france , germany , poland , so many !	I am happy for you!
dull-2136	hello ! good evening . how are you ?	i am doing well . how about yourself ?	hello ! good evening . how are you ?	i am doing well . how about yourself ?	i am doing well a bit tired .	what did you do today ?	i cleaned my home . what about you ?	i took my dogs to the dog park .	how many dogs do you have ?	I don't have a good answer to that.
dull-2137	hello there . where are you from ?	i am so excited i just got engaged !	hello there . where are you from ?	i am so excited i just got engaged !	congratulations ! how old are yoy ?	the united states . how about you ?	usa also . i live in pennsylvania	That is very interesting.
dull-2138	hello , how are you tonight ? do you have pets or children ?	hi there . i do not any children but i do have a dog named charlie .	hello , how are you tonight ? do you have pets or children ?	hi there . i do not any children but i do have a dog named charlie .	I like that.
dull-2139	hello , how are you doing today ?	doing well . i live in ohio and my job is in a factory . you ?	hello , how are you doing today ?	doing well . i live in ohio and my job is in a factory . you ?	i am working in an animal shelter . cleaning kennels is no fun .	i hear ya . i get dirty working in my garden .	the animals can actually be better company then most people i know though	true . i love my cat . she has a purple litter box .	does she make you happy ? i am crabby a lot of the time .	Wow, great question!
dull-2140	hi there how are you	. . . just got home from work in nursing . i helped deliver triplets tonight ! first time !	hi there how are you	. . . just got home from work in nursing . i helped deliver triplets tonight ! first time !	wow and i thought i was tired from my walk you must be exhausted	i only helped deliver them . am okay . . . a gym goer 3 times a week . you ?	wow and i thought i was tired from my walk you must be exhausted
dull-2141	hey how is it going	i am pretty good . just got the kids to bed	hey how is it going	i am pretty good . just got the kids to bed	i still need to do that , i am a single dad	how many kids do you have ? i have 2	3 2 boys and girl	both of mine are girls . how old are you ? i am 34	40 years old , what you do for living , single ?	i work in real estate . i have been there for awhile	nice ! i work on airplanes , love working with my hands	nice . that is really impressive .	how old are your girls ?	they are both five years old . twins	I love that.
dull-2142	hi this is josh . just got out of class . i am a law student .	hi josh , i am frank . i am on leave from the army .	hi this is josh . just got out of class . i am a law student .	hi josh , i am frank . i am on leave from the army .	oh . thank you for serving our country . do you have siblings . i am only child .	no siblings , my mother was not in my life . what do you like to do ?	i am so driven to be successful . i study hard and work hard .	that is a good approach . what do you do for fun ? i love karaoke !	i have never tried karaoke . i like to hike actually .	hiking is good for you ! its tough for me though cause i am colorblind .	oh is it your browns , reds and greens ?	yeah everything . i just see black and white . it has benefits though .	wow . that is a unique colorblindness . is not it ? what benefits ?	it is unique . i can see camouflaged movement better than other people can though !	oh i see . that is good then . definitely .	yeah its helped me become a specialist in the army . what law do you study ?	criminal law . i had experienced some situations which influenced the decision .	I am happy for you!
dull-2143	hello , how are you tonight ? do you have pets or children ?	hi there . i do not any children but i do have a dog named charlie .	hello , how are you tonight ? do you have pets or children ?	That question does not make sense to me.
dull-2144	hi how are you today	hi how are you doing my friend i am okay thank you .	hi how are you today	hi how are you doing my friend i am okay thank you .	good to hear where do you live	i am employed at pet smart working with pets and selling products .	that is nice i like to hike	i love working as a musician too i live in new jersey .	nice do you ever go hiking ?	cool hiking is fun . no i do not hike . i am a runner i love to run .	I am happy for you!
dull-2145	hey there how are you today ?	i am doing good . so tell me where you are from ?	hey there how are you today ?	i am doing good . so tell me where you are from ?	i am from new york . i am in college soon .	i love new york . i stay in texas . what are your hobbies ?	my hobbies are fashion an clothes !	fashion is cool . i am an avid gamer playing second life .	awesome ! what is second life ? never heard of it	it is an online game where i portray a furry .	Wow.
dull-2146	hey , tell me about yourself ?	i love my job as a kindergarten teacher . what do you do ?	hey , tell me about yourself ?	Nice!
dull-2147	hey ! how are you doing ?	I don't have a good answer to that.
dull-2148	hi there , what is your favorite band to listen to ?	i like the beatles how about you ?	hi there , what is your favorite band to listen to ?	i like the beatles how about you ?	nirvana has to be my favorite	oh i see , well i prefer reading plays mostly in my free time	i see , you are also an artist , i play music myself	just as a hobby though , i own my own successful dieting business full time	any health tips for someone who canot bring themselves to do anything but running ?	oh yeah i love exercising for long hours . finding motivation is most important	i try to stay motivated , my father was a cop , physical fitness was important	eating is also important , i like writing diet cookbooks	that is interesting , eating healthy is a good place to start	i love walking my dog and two cats as well	really ? i really love animals !	I don't have a good answer to that.
dull-2149	hi , i am an rn and my dog is pedro .	hi i blog about rabbit rescues and compete as a body builder .	hi , i am an rn and my dog is pedro .	hi i blog about rabbit rescues and compete as a body builder .	you have any pets ? i can make , cook and eat muffins all day . you sing ?	no cooking i live with my little sister , also i do not sing but love tim mcgraw .	Wow.
dull-2150	its fall ! finally time for the snow to come ! !	i am from australia so i lobe a good snowfall	its fall ! finally time for the snow to come ! !	i am from australia so i lobe a good snowfall	i love australia . i went there to see metallica once ! !	cool but i live in the usa . what city are you in ?	That is a good question.
dull-2151	hi there , how are you tonight ?	great , i just finished a huge steak how are you ?	hi there , how are you tonight ?	That is amazing.
dull-2152	hi , how are you ? studying for a test tomorrow .	hey ! me too , and i just got back from the arctic . studying what ?	hi , how are you ? studying for a test tomorrow .	hey ! me too , and i just got back from the arctic . studying what ?	have a test in childhood education tomorrow . wow about the arctic .	cool . i study international law . met my girlfriend abroad .	no boyfriend here , but playing tennis with a new guy tomorrow .	yeah ? active , huh . me too . i am flying out again after my exam .	That is a great question.
dull-2153	hello how are you ? i mistakenly ate some mango today , it bothered my allergy	i am doing very well , thank you . i am sorry to hear that .	hello how are you ? i mistakenly ate some mango today , it bothered my allergy	i am doing very well , thank you . i am sorry to hear that .	sometimes i use a british accent to become attractive	why would you do that ? i am taking my sister shopping tomorrow .	where are you going shopping ?	i am thinking buckle and macys .	sounds like a lot of fun	i am a nurse , single and no kids . she gets my money , lol	lol , i had 4 husbands , widowed three times	i am a nurse , single and no kids . she gets my money , lol
dull-2154	hi ! what have you been doing today ?	hello . i just dropped my daughter off at school now i am drinking some tea .	hi ! what have you been doing today ?	hello . i just dropped my daughter off at school now i am drinking some tea .	i am brewing some tea on the camp fire this morning while listening to music .	that sounds amazing . what type of music are you listening to ?	it is rock . it gets me pumped up to go hiking with my dad who just retired .	i hope you have a wonderful time . please stay safe .	thanks . so what are you going to do today ?	That question does not make sense to me.
dull-2155	howdy how are we doing tonight i am fine what about your self ?	i am good , just hanging out	howdy how are we doing tonight i am fine what about your self ?	i am good , just hanging out	one of the foods i like is nasty sushi cool me to hang out .	i like anything blue that is why i have blue hair	love being a vegan blue hair me too that is so cool .	awesome ! ! ! i need to try a vegan lifestyle	i enjoy working out yes try it some day great for the body .	awesome ! ! ! i need to try a vegan lifestyle
dull-2156	i was wondering if you have any advice on getting rid of spiders inside	i do not to scared lol	i was wondering if you have any advice on getting rid of spiders inside	i do not to scared lol	me too . i can make up scarier characters , but not squish a spider	lol why not ? what is your fav color ?	navy blue , black , grey , white . where did you go to college ?	i went to u of i	oh mit alum . . . . how do you like those apples ?	my fav is blue an my truck i drive is blue	that is fascinating . what are the odds ?	i like that for you , got kids ? i have 7	I am very happy to hear that.
dull-2157	howdy how are you doing tonight i am doing fine .	i am doing fine too .	howdy how are you doing tonight i am doing fine .	i am doing fine too .	that is good i like watching sports on television . do you ?	i do not like sports . i love watching series .	that is okay we all like different things . another sport i like is soccer .	i love watching soccer when i world cup or euro cup .	that sounds really good and fun too .	yes it is . do you study ?	That is a great question.
dull-2158	hello , what are some of your hobbies ?	hi i am really into crafting	hello , what are some of your hobbies ?	hi i am really into crafting	Awesome!
dull-2159	hi how are you today	hi how are you doing my friend i am okay thank you .	hi how are you today	hi how are you doing my friend i am okay thank you .	good to hear where do you live	i am employed at pet smart working with pets and selling products .	that is nice i like to hike	i love working as a musician too i live in new jersey .	nice do you ever go hiking ?	cool hiking is fun . no i do not hike . i am a runner i love to run .	do you have any children then ?	yes my most liked music band is nirvana , what is yours ?	I don't have a good answer to that.
dull-2160	hello how are you ?	i am doing well , how are you ?	hello how are you ?	Let me think what I have to say about that!
dull-2161	hey , how are you today ? i just got home from work .	me too . i am an office secretary . what do you do ? ?	hey , how are you today ? i just got home from work .	me too . i am an office secretary . what do you do ? ?	right now , just at a fast food place , but i am job searching also .	cool ! i am lucy . i want a new job too , but just finished my degree last year .	what degree did you get ? i might want to go to college .	cool ! i am lucy . i want a new job too , but just finished my degree last year .
dull-2162	hello , how are you tonight ?	Wow, great question!
dull-2163	i just got back from a bike ride with my grandchildren .	that sounds lovely ! have you ever taken them to the zoo ? i love zoos !	i just got back from a bike ride with my grandchildren .	that sounds lovely ! have you ever taken them to the zoo ? i love zoos !	zoos are awesome ! i adopted my cat from the zoo	what kind of cat ? i do not have any pets .	you have to promise not to tell , having tigers is illegal	no need to worry , i am a nurse not a cop !	that is so cool . i am a nurses aide at the old folks home	how nice . sometimes i donate teddy bears to old folks homes i have a large collection	that is a nice thing to do . my grandchildren like teddy bears too	i have extras i can give them ! not the green ones that is my favorite color !	thank you ! i will have six happy grandkids ! can fido have one too ?	absolutely ! the collection is pretty large . what is your favorite color ?	Wow.
dull-2164	hi what are you up to ? i am relaxing with pedro my puppy	hello , i am reading a novel .	hi what are you up to ? i am relaxing with pedro my puppy	hello , i am reading a novel .	what about ? wish i had more time to read but as a nurse i do not	Wow, great question!
dull-2165	hi , do you have any stickers i can have ?	no stickers . . but i have candy ! i always have candy	hi , do you have any stickers i can have ?	no stickers . . but i have candy ! i always have candy	i will try whatever candy you have	i love candy ! ! ! it is the best ! and brownies .	i am a health nut . i hike on the regular .	i take my obedience dogs hiking ! i have mountains behind my new house .	we could hike and eat candy and brownies .	sorry ! was taking pictures of myself in my new club dress ! yes ! ! lets do it .	can i draw you ? i am trying to learn	Wow, great question!
dull-2166	good morning ? do you have any jobs	good afternoon from pennsylvania . i am currently a medical scribe preparing to apply to medical school .	good morning ? do you have any jobs	good afternoon from pennsylvania . i am currently a medical scribe preparing to apply to medical school .	oh , i thought you had an idea of a vacancy any were	where are you currently from ?	am from the state of ohio	do you like it there ?	am from the state of ohio
dull-2167	hi , how are you tonight	i am fine . just watching some sports .	hi , how are you tonight	i am fine . just watching some sports .	monday night football ? what teams you like	i actually enjoy the steelers , do you ?	I don't know what you mean by that.
dull-2168	hi ! how are you ? what are you doing right now ?	hey , i am great . other than recovering from surgery . how are you ?	hi ! how are you ? what are you doing right now ?	hey , i am great . other than recovering from surgery . how are you ?	oh no ! what happened ? i am taking a break from driving .	i tore up my knee playing frisbee with my 2 dogs . where are you driving to ?	i am driving a load to chicago . sorry about your knee . how is your recovery ?	its going well so far . an excuse to lay around . you drive truck ?	yes , i do . do you work for a living ?	i am currently looking . i did not finish high school so its not easy finding something worth it .	do you have children to support ? i must work to support my 7 children .	i am currently looking . i did not finish high school so its not easy finding something worth it .
dull-2169	today i am painting a self portrait , since my career is an artist .	what style do you paint ?	today i am painting a self portrait , since my career is an artist .	what style do you paint ?	oil paint , usually . sometimes i use garbage from others to create statues .	sorry . i have to leave . my sister and ralph is here to go fishing .	have fun . i am short , only five feet , so it is hard to fish .	there are always ways to fish , even if you are short .	well i do have webbed feet , so easy to swim . do you swim ?	i love swimming almost as much as dancing .	me too ! dancing is a great way to express yourself .	art is a great way as well . how often do you paint ?	nearly everyday . what do your hobbies include ?	I love that.
dull-2170	hi , do you have sons ? i have two .	a younger brother and no children is all . besides dad	hi , do you have sons ? i have two .	a younger brother and no children is all . besides dad	i will be in a school of hairdresser , i also own a fish aquarium	really . fish raw is my meal . what kind of fish ?	i love exotic fish , you have a nice family .	my family is nice . we spend time at the weight room a lot	i love the 1950 era and the decorations of that era	my family is nice . we spend time at the weight room a lot
dull-2171	hi there how is everything going	everything is going great . how is it with you ?	hi there how is everything going	everything is going great . how is it with you ?	things are okay , but could be better	is something the matter ? i would like to help .	struggling trying to figure out how i am going to afford college	oh , i still have that issue with student loans and i am married .	struggling trying to figure out how i am going to afford college
dull-2172	hi , how are you this morning ?	i am fine . i am getting off my job just now .	hi , how are you this morning ?	i am fine . i am getting off my job just now .	what do you do for a living ?	i am a lifeguard . and i also sell insurance .	that is interesting . i am still in college but i hope to become a teacher	good luck . i also like to write fantasy books . are you a reader ?	yes , i love to read ! fantasy is actually my favorite genre	that is cool . do you get your books at the bookstore or online ?	yes , i love to read ! fantasy is actually my favorite genre
dull-2173	hi ! what have you been doing today ?	hello . i just dropped my daughter off at school now i am drinking some tea .	hi ! what have you been doing today ?	hello . i just dropped my daughter off at school now i am drinking some tea .	i am brewing some tea on the camp fire this morning while listening to music .	that sounds amazing . what type of music are you listening to ?	it is rock . it gets me pumped up to go hiking with my dad who just retired .	Nice!
dull-2174	hi , tracy here . divorce , two kids , ex named doug .	hi , its good you are part of your kids lives i did not know my mother .	hi , tracy here . divorce , two kids , ex named doug .	hi , its good you are part of your kids lives i did not know my mother .	oh okay ! i move around alot and hand make things that i sell online .	i move around a lot too went into the army right out of highschool .	a military man . my ex was a marine .	yeah , divorce is hard . any pets ? i always wanted a dog but i am allergic .	no . i wish you knew your mother . my parents love my kids . their divorced too .	no , its ok i probably got the colorblind gene from her . plus my dad was great .	awww . was ? has he pass ? i am sorry i did not get your name ?	yes a few years ago . my name is jordan .	okay . nice to meet you jordan . kid ? married or just happy ?	That is a great question.
dull-2175	hello . how are you doing ?	i am pretty good just got home	hello . how are you doing ?	i am pretty good just got home	very cool . do you have any pets ? i have 3 2 cats and 1 dog .	no i work at a groomers tho they are like my pets .	I like that.
dull-2176	hey are you still there ?	hello , yes i am here	hey are you still there ?	hello , yes i am here	what did you do today ?	just my usual routine , working , coming home . what about you ?	I don't know what you mean by that.
dull-2177	to whom do i have the pleasure of accompanying me today ?	my name is carol . how are you today ?	to whom do i have the pleasure of accompanying me today ?	my name is carol . how are you today ?	lonely carol , i sit here with my two cats stumped .	oh ? i have a siamese cat . just me and bob the cat . lonely too .	its ironic . i am a novelist . . . romance . living alone on an island far away from anyone	i sew quilts for relatives that are happier than i will ever be . retired banker .	it seems were one in the same , maybe i can use this mysterious connection	you write the novels , i will sew quilts that expound on the themes you write about .	it seems were one in the same , maybe i can use this mysterious connection
dull-2178	hi there . how are you ?	i am great . what are you doing up so late ?	hi there . how are you ?	i am great . what are you doing up so late ?	i don not know . i should be asleep . i am more of an early bird . you ?	i am definitely a night owl . you know chatting will nott help you sleep .	i know i have been working on s quilt and i do not wanna put it down	i know how that is . i love to craft but being colorblind makes it hard	oh really that sucks . what do you usually like to do then ?	i love to sing . sometimes i go sing karaoke .	oh fun . i have not done karaoke in a long time lol	you should , it is great fun !	i do not have much time . i homeschool my son so all my energy goes into that .	that must be a lot of work but very rewarding i bet	i do not have much time . i homeschool my son so all my energy goes into that .
dull-2179	hello , how are you tonight ?	That question does not make sense to me.
dull-2180	hey , how are you doing today ?	i am doing well . how are you ?	hey , how are you doing today ?	i am doing well . how are you ?	doing pretty good , played a gig last night so a little tired .	oh , yeah ? are you in a band ?	yes , i am actually the lead singer .	wow ! you probably would think i am boring . i am an accountant .	i would not want to wear a suit everyday , haha !	yes , it is hard . but i like to hike in my free time so that helps .	i would not want to wear a suit everyday , haha !
dull-2181	hi , want to get to know each other	ure . what is your name ? and what do you do for a living ?	hi , want to get to know each other	ure . what is your name ? and what do you do for a living ?	my name is tammi . but i do not work	oh okay . well , what do you like to do for fun ?	i like music a lot . especially country	awesome ! i am into music , too . it is my job !	so do you know anyone famous ?	quite a few people , actually . i am sort of famous myself .	I see.
dull-2182	hi how are you today	i am fine what about you ?	hi how are you today	i am fine what about you ?	I don't know what you mean by that.
dull-2183	hi ! what have you been doing today ?	hello . i just dropped my daughter off at school now i am drinking some tea .	hi ! what have you been doing today ?	hello . i just dropped my daughter off at school now i am drinking some tea .	i am brewing some tea on the camp fire this morning while listening to music .	that sounds amazing . what type of music are you listening to ?	it is rock . it gets me pumped up to go hiking with my dad who just retired .	i hope you have a wonderful time . please stay safe .	thanks . so what are you going to do today ?	i work from home and then pick my daughter up after school .	what kind of work from home do you do ?	I don't know what you mean by that.
dull-2184	hello there , how are you ?	hi there ! i am well , and you ?	hello there , how are you ?	hi there ! i am well , and you ?	i am doing just fine . studying for a test i have coming up .	ooh what sort of test ? i want to go to school to be a chef	for intro to law . i want to be a lawyer when i graduate .	very cool . do you like books ? i love romance ones . . . movies too	for intro to law . i want to be a lawyer when i graduate .
dull-2185	hi , how are you ? i am really thirsty , but water scares me .	That is a good question.
dull-2186	hello how are you today ?	i am doing well . glad that monday is done and over with . how are you ?	hello how are you today ?	i am doing well . glad that monday is done and over with . how are you ?	That is great.
dull-2187	hi ! it is nice to meet you .	nice to meet you too ! what is your name ?	That question does not make sense to me.
dull-2188	hi , i sell shoes online , a meat eater and love the rush band . and you ?	my favorite music is rap , tupac is my favorite	hi , i sell shoes online , a meat eater and love the rush band . and you ?	my favorite music is rap , tupac is my favorite
dull-2189	i am a life coach teacher who loves to read . you ?	perhaps you can help me . i recently quit high school	i am a life coach teacher who loves to read . you ?	perhaps you can help me . i recently quit high school	are you a republican ? i was .	no i am an independent	good . i am married two children .	that is great . i live alone in a low income apartment .	my cookbook will be out in time for christmas . you sing or write ?	you are a cook ? are you famous ?	not yet ! give me a minute okay . i read fifty books a year .	i am not much of a reader but i do love to run	not yet ! give me a minute okay . i read fifty books a year .
dull-2190	hiya , nice to chat do you like reading ? or movies ?	i really enjoy to read personally	hiya , nice to chat do you like reading ? or movies ?	i really enjoy to read personally	so do i romance is my favourite what about you ?	I don't know what you mean by that.
dull-2191	hi , i am jack . how are you doing today ?	hi jack ! i am dave and i am doing good today . how are you doing ?	hi , i am jack . how are you doing today ?	hi jack ! i am dave and i am doing good today . how are you doing ?	very good , just finished a book . i read most nights before bed .	what book did you finish reading ?	american assassin . they actually just made a movie based on it . you like to read ?	i read sometimes not often enough . i have heard of the movie though .	you like to cook . i am actually a bit of an amatuer chef .	i do enjoy cooking . i like cooking italian food the most .	very nice . my kids really enjoy when i make lasagna . you have kids ?	no . i do work with a lot of kids at my job though .	That is great.
dull-2192	hey how is it going	i am pretty good . just got the kids to bed	hey how is it going	i am pretty good . just got the kids to bed	i still need to do that , i am a single dad	how many kids do you have ? i have 2	3 2 boys and girl	both of mine are girls . how old are you ? i am 34	40 years old , what you do for living , single ?	i work in real estate . i have been there for awhile	nice ! i work on airplanes , love working with my hands	nice . that is really impressive .	how old are your girls ?	I don't have a good answer to that.
dull-2193	hi , what is up with you ?	fine and am just sipping my wine at the moment .	hi , what is up with you ?	fine and am just sipping my wine at the moment .
dull-2194	hi , there how are you today ?	i am great . how is the weather ?	hi , there how are you today ?	That is a good question.
dull-2195	i collect teddy bears . do you collect anything ?	not really . i like to study , usually biology at the university .	i collect teddy bears . do you collect anything ?	not really . i like to study , usually biology at the university .	i am a nurse . i spend a lot of time in classes .	so you understand ! i love to study ! i am not much of a drinker .	i study if i have to but it is not a favorite activity of mine .	so you understand ! i love to study ! i am not much of a drinker .
dull-2196	hi , how are you ? studying for a test tomorrow .	hey ! me too , and i just got back from the arctic . studying what ?	hi , how are you ? studying for a test tomorrow .	hey ! me too , and i just got back from the arctic . studying what ?	have a test in childhood education tomorrow . wow about the arctic .	cool . i study international law . met my girlfriend abroad .	no boyfriend here , but playing tennis with a new guy tomorrow .	yeah ? active , huh . me too . i am flying out again after my exam .	yes , active . love sports and dancing to rap music .	my dog is better at dancing than i am !	i love dogs , but do not have one . i hang with several friends who do .	the great thing about them is , you can travel with them .	how much extra does it cost if they fly with you ?	the great thing about them is , you can travel with them .
dull-2197	hey there how are you ?	i write books , cookbooks about diet	hey there how are you ?	i write books , cookbooks about diet	i am always tired but i am a old man	i am fine , i also have a dieting business that is growing .	what is the name of it ? i got 1 leg only	try to have pets , i have a dog and 2 cats it gives me energy	oh man , i use to serve the military	you are a very brave person , i love to exercise for long hours	really ? i got a wheel chair it goes fast	i respect you ! do you like plays ? i do .	goodnight there see ya later	you like to race on a wheel chair ?	i would lol would you ?	That question does not make sense to me.
dull-2198	hey , do you want to see a photo of my fur babies ?	are they horses ? i love horses .	hey , do you want to see a photo of my fur babies ?	are they horses ? i love horses .	nah , doggies and kitties . how about some photos of my grandbabies ?	that would be great , how many do you have ?	i have six . they are all old now . they give me money though .	that is wonderful , what do you like to do in your spare time ?	Wow, great question!
dull-2199	hi . i hale from wisconsin . where are you from ?	i am from upstate newyork how is wisconsin ?	hi . i hale from wisconsin . where are you from ?	i am from upstate newyork how is wisconsin ?	I don't have a good answer to that.
dull-2200	hello how are you ?	i am doing well , how are you ?	hello how are you ?	i am doing well , how are you ?	doing well just playing with my pedro who is my dog	i also have a dog named juan . he is my hunting dog . we like to hunt .	what do you like to hunt ? what kind of job do you have ?	anything but shellfish . i am allergic . mostly we hunt ducks .	Awesome!
dull-2201	hello , how are you today ?	hi . not so hot . i got poison ivy hiking last weekend . how are you ?	hello , how are you today ?	hi . not so hot . i got poison ivy hiking last weekend . how are you ?	oh no ! i am tired , but doing okay	yeah . i should have stuck to writing nature poems like usual .	sounds like it ! are you a writer ?	more of a reader , but i write a bit . what is your profession ?	i am a retired veteran , so i am more focused on hobbies now	i have lots of hobbies like collecting weird stickers . what are yours ?	i like to ride my custom wheelchair on hiking trails	nature is so beautiful . do you know how to draw ? i would like to learn .	i can draw a bit , but nothing special . do you like nature ?	I see.
dull-2202	hey there , how are you doing ?	i am good just reading about europe and you ?	hey there , how are you doing ?	i am good just reading about europe and you ?	That is great.
dull-2203	hi how are you today	i am pretty good , loving this autumn weather , you ?	hi how are you today	i am pretty good , loving this autumn weather , you ?	what is your favorite color ?	purple . i have a turtle , do you like any animals ?	i do not but purple is mine too !	that is pretty cool , any favorite sports ?	nothing really are you religious ?	no , not at all . spiritual maybe , but not much else . what about you ?	i am a very strict catholic	what is your favorite thing to do ?	my work as a nurse i think	do you enjoy it ? my mother was a cna , emotionally painful for her .	That question does not make sense to me.
dull-2204	hi , i am a jew and in new york city , who are you and where you from ?	i am a teacher , but also incidentally i am jewish	hi , i am a jew and in new york city , who are you and where you from ?	i am a teacher , but also incidentally i am jewish	whoa , do you go to the synagogue ? i ride my bike there , i do not drive	i do , i especially enjoyed yom kippur recently , i jog to temple actually	do you stop by somewhere to eat ? i hate sweet stuff but in philly cheesesteak ?	sometimes i take my kids to the pool , we all love to swim	cool , please tell me more	the pool is called the princeton club , it a big pool with a hot tub	i watch a lot of tv , the office is a great show	i agree , i love the office , dwight is so funny	yeah , he is great , i love hot tubs better ;	same , had many fun times in them when i was younger	yeah , he is great , i love hot tubs better ;
dull-2205	howdy how are we doing tonight i am fine what about your self ?	Wow, great question!
dull-2206	hello how are you this morning	i am good . going to the gym in a few minutes	hello how are you this morning	i am good . going to the gym in a few minutes
dull-2207	hi there , how are you ?	i am well . how are you	hi there , how are you ?	That is a good question.
dull-2208	hi , have any plans for this sunday ?	i do i plan to skip school	hi , have any plans for this sunday ?	That question does not make sense to me.
dull-2209	hi how are you today	i am fine thank you , how about u ?	hi how are you today	Awesome!
dull-2210	hi here i am in sunny california . where do you live ?	i live in florida but my family is from toronto	hi here i am in sunny california . where do you live ?	i live in florida but my family is from toronto	oh i see . moving to the east coast next year to the big apple .	cool . how old are you ?	now i am 23 and acting is my profession . also do a little runway modeling .	nice . i am 16 and i would like to be in the army	what do you do for fun ? in california most do surfing .	i like making websites and i drink a lot of lipton	you are too young for the army better look elsewhere .	what type of job should i look at ?	websites are good for income , too . do you skate ?	I don't know what you mean by that.
dull-2211	hi , i am joanna and i like horror movies	hi there . i work on wall street as a stock broker .	hi , i am joanna and i like horror movies	hi there . i work on wall street as a stock broker .	i am a well known local singer , whats your job ?	stock broker . i love to cook especially parmigiana , mostly eggplant .	i graduated from usc , are you in school ?	no . parents moved to australia and live with my sister and brother .	my dad farms and my mother a teacher .	nice . have any pets ? charlie is my labradors name .	if farm animals count as pets sure .	ok . do you have any hobbies ?	i sing professionally at a local bar .	That is cool.
dull-2212	hi how are you do you need me ?	hi , i am doing great . how are you ?	hi how are you do you need me ?	hi , i am doing great . how are you ?	i am a nurse aid at a nursing home local	that is cool . i am a student attending auburn university .	what you studying ? i have a big family	i am studying to become a doctor .	cool , love riding my bike	i broke my bike . i love my volkswagen beetle .	what color is it ? i got 3 kids	it is green . i want kids when i grow up .	an now i have 6 grand kids	that is a lot of gran kids . how old are you ?	have any pets i do	That is good.
dull-2213	hi , i am an rn and my dog is pedro .	hi i blog about rabbit rescues and compete as a body builder .	hi , i am an rn and my dog is pedro .	hi i blog about rabbit rescues and compete as a body builder .
dull-2214	hi , how are you ?	i am doing good . listening to some john denver .	hi , how are you ?	i am doing good . listening to some john denver .	awesome ! i am a huge music fan . taylor swift is my absolute favorite singer	oh . what do you like to do ?	what do you like to do in your spare time ?	i love horses . i grew up on a ranch .	that must have been great .	it was . i also like to garden and cook .	how fun ! i attend a cooking class here in the city .	what is your favorite thing to cook ?	That is a great question.
dull-2215	hi how are you today	i am fine i am worry as next month i have to pay loan .	hi how are you today	i am fine i am worry as next month i have to pay loan .	you just have to work it off bit by bit	i do not have a job	sorry to hear that , steal stuff then	what do you mean by this ?	steal things and sell them for money	lol no i will not do this . it is illegal	i suppose . i am just a kid though so i have bad ideas	haha yes you do have bad ideas	do you think being trans is weird ?	i hate this thing and i am against this . do you want to be ?	That is great.
dull-2216	hey there how are you ?	i am doing great ! just eating dinner .	hey there how are you ?	i am doing great ! just eating dinner .	just got my nails done in my fav color	wow , i bet they look nice .	like sports ? love the buckeyes	i love sports too ! i enjoy camping .	yes they actually do look nice , the girls all ask at work	that is good . i have to drive my mom to work tomorrow .	i hate the ocean , swimming or anything with water	i like the ocean . i like camping and hiking better .	i hate the ocean , swimming or anything with water
dull-2217	hey ! do you like music ? i like metallica .	i like country music mostly	hey ! do you like music ? i like metallica .	i like country music mostly	oh i see . tell me more about yourself .	i like the color green and teddy bears . work for red cross	nice . i was raised in wisconsin and have two male siblings .	are you the baby of the family	nice . i was raised in wisconsin and have two male siblings .
dull-2218	hello , i am a sports nut , just love soccer , and you ?	i like playing sports like racquetball , but not watching so much .	hello , i am a sports nut , just love soccer , and you ?	i like playing sports like racquetball , but not watching so much .	i am a tv sports addict , unfortunately my fiancee hates sports . could be a problem .	my fiance is into hard rock , i like oldies , but we make it work .	i was the high school jock who did everything , then no sports in college .	they played in the school band . do you play any instruments ?	nope , neurosurgeon , no music , i focused on school so i could graduate with honors .	I am happy for you!
dull-2219	hi ! how are you ? what are you doing right now ?	hey , i am great . other than recovering from surgery . how are you ?	hi ! how are you ? what are you doing right now ?	hey , i am great . other than recovering from surgery . how are you ?	oh no ! what happened ? i am taking a break from driving .	i tore up my knee playing frisbee with my 2 dogs . where are you driving to ?	i am driving a load to chicago . sorry about your knee . how is your recovery ?	its going well so far . an excuse to lay around . you drive truck ?	yes , i do . do you work for a living ?	i am currently looking . i did not finish high school so its not easy finding something worth it .	do you have children to support ? i must work to support my 7 children .	wow that is a lot . i do not have any kids . how old are yours ?	Awesome!
dull-2220	hello how are you doing i am doing okay .	my dog ginger watches the titantic movie with me every time its on .	hello how are you doing i am doing okay .	my dog ginger watches the titantic movie with me every time its on .	i love listening to music very relaxing .	cool ! i was an exchanged student .	i am kind of huge for 8 feet tall . i do not like my weight .	hmmm . wow ! i met my son for the first time today .	wonderful that is a happy moment i have to attend school soon .	yes it is ! i love putting together model cars .	great sounds like a cool activity i have a small family and one parent .	hmmm . ginger is my golden retriever .	oh i love animals i bet she is beautiful . i have to hear some music .	hmmm . titanic is something to see for the eleven times .	yes i have that movie and watched it more then 11 times .	hmmm . really ? i met alot of foreign exchanged student studying abroad .	I don't have a good answer to that.
dull-2221	how are you today ? i am doing great myself	i am great ! it is hot here in south carolina today .	how are you today ? i am doing great myself	i am great ! it is hot here in south carolina today .	i love south carolina what part are you in ?	charleston . i moved here after graduation from usc .	that is a long move . all the way from california ?	yes . i love it here . i belong to a horror film group .	i was a teacher than ice became more interesting	yes . i love it here . i belong to a horror film group .
dull-2222	how are you tonight , i just got back from hiking .	i am great ! that is cool , i just got home from hunting .	how are you tonight , i just got back from hiking .	i am great ! that is cool , i just got home from hunting .	so we both like outdoors , i am in ohio .	i do like the outdoors . . . as well as restoring classic cars . i am in missouri .	when i am not in my office doing accounting , i am with my 2 boys .	that is good . i work as a handyman for a company that rents properties .	i wish i was handy , being a single mom and all .	i am a single parent as well . just me and my baby girl .	i would love a baby girl , it must be fun to go shopping ?	it is fun to go shopping for her	That is amazing.
dull-2223	hello . how are you ? where are you from ?	hello . i am from the midwest . tell me about you ?	That is cool.
dull-2224	hi there . how are you	i am good . just got back from a run .	hi there . how are you	i am good . just got back from a run .	sounds fun . i just finished my favorite show one tree hill	do you have any kids ?	i have two . boy and a girl	I love that.
dull-2225	i am so short	really ? how short are you ?	i am so short	really ? how short are you ?	five foot and it stinks . i cannot reach anything !	do you have something there to help you ?	well i guess my dog pedro could help me	my girlfriend is pretty short also	i used to think my muffin intake would make me grow	muffins are good travel food , i eat them on adventures	where do you work ? is traveling your job ?	i am actually a student . i travel for fun .	that sounds very expensive . i am a healthcare adviser	how do you help your patients if your so short ?	that sounds very expensive . i am a healthcare adviser
dull-2226	hello ! what do you do for a living ?	i am in school studying law	hello ! what do you do for a living ?	i am in school studying law	really ? so am i ! i want to be a lawyer .	i am the only child of lawyer parents . hopefully i will be successful .	where do you live while in school ? i live with my girlfriend and dog , max .	i live in texas . i have two years left . then off i go	fun ! do you have any hobbies ?	swimming . you ? student life does not leave me much free time .	my free time is also very limited i try to travel as much as possible , though .	That is amazing.
dull-2227	hello hope you are having a great day ?	hello there . it is okay , one of the horses kicked me .	hello hope you are having a great day ?	hello there . it is okay , one of the horses kicked me .	hope you are alright . my siamese cat bites me sometimes	it always hurts , lol . i need to retire .	are you a farmer . i am retired myself . from banking .	it always hurts , lol . i need to retire .
dull-2228	hi ! you read books ? i love reading mysteries .	yes ! i do art so i love all forms of expression	hi ! you read books ? i love reading mysteries .	yes ! i do art so i love all forms of expression	lovely ! my kids love reading too . i have seven of them !	wow that is a handful	lovely ! my kids love reading too . i have seven of them !
dull-2229	i am just sitting here making a dress . how are you ?	i am fine , just left the hospital	i am just sitting here making a dress . how are you ?	i am fine , just left the hospital	is everything okay with your health ?	oh yes . . . i work there as a nurse	I am happy for you!
dull-2230	hello , how are you tonight	i am fine and you	hello , how are you tonight	i am fine and you	very well , thank you for asking . planning my garden for next year .	amazing fresh foods and veggies sounds yummy	they are , i will use my garden as a teaching environment too	awesome . tell me more about yourself	what do you do for a living ?	Wow, great question!
dull-2231	hello how are you today ?	i am doing well . glad that monday is done and over with . how are you ?	hello how are you today ?	I don't have a good answer to that.
dull-2232	what kind of music do you like to listen to ?	i play all of the music i listen to on the guitar	what kind of music do you like to listen to ?	i play all of the music i listen to on the guitar
dull-2233	hello , how are you doing ?	doing great watching a little sports on tv	I like that.
dull-2234	how is this lovely evening treating you ?	it is awesome . how are you ?	how is this lovely evening treating you ?	it is awesome . how are you ?	doing well , feet a little tired after showing 4 houses in the last 2 hours !	that does sound exhausting ! i have been outside with my brothers shoveling the driveway !	snow will be the death of me ! wish i could move back to mississippi	i have never been there ! i love the snow though . it keeps me happy and busy .	i prefer greenery . and living green !	i would not trade the snow for anything . i love winter time .	do you have any interests besides snow ?	well , i have a simple job . but i do like some hard rock .	yeah , who is your favorite artist ?	i recently got a guitar signed by metallica , so i really like metallica , obviously .	lars is the best ! the endurance of drummers , right ?	i recently got a guitar signed by metallica , so i really like metallica , obviously .
dull-2235	hello . . . how are you today ?	i am great . just cuddling with my two cats . . and you ?	hello . . . how are you today ?	i am great . just cuddling with my two cats . . and you ?	i am doing quite well . . . i am allergic to cats and mangoes .	that sucks . i am writing a romance novel . what are your hobbies ?	i like collecting civil war antiques . i am also a dog groomer .	i reside on an island far away and it has made me an introvert .	oh my . . . . i guess we are both a bit eccentric . are you married ?	no , i just want to focus on being a writer right now . are you ?	married four times and searching for my fifth husband . what do you write ?	Let me think what I have to say about that!
dull-2236	hello . how are you this evening ?	great ! how are you ?	hello . how are you this evening ?	great ! how are you ?	i am alright , long day of pediatrics . , reading , and running ! all things i love .	oh wow , i just got my degree as a registered nurse !	that is really awesome ! my wife is a nurse , and my two children want to be doctors !	you are lucky to have a smart family . my sister keeps bugging me to settle down .	thank you . why do you not ? what else do you do ? i collect vintage cars .	vintage cars ? i spend my time at the mall . i love to buy clothes .	yes . old cars with historical significance . i love to wear cloths ! true story there .	i rather buy clothes than do anything else . i do not even have time to date .	that kind of sucks . but whatever makes you happy .	meh , marriage is overrated . i have a job and a great relationship with my sister .	like i said as long as that makes you happy . so what is your favorite color ?	green . do you and your wife wear the same color scrubs ?	true story , that is my favorite color too . and no . she has a uniform color .	Awesome!
dull-2237	hello there . where are you from ?	I don't know what you mean by that.
dull-2238	hello , how are you tonight ?	very well , and yourself ? i just watched titanic . i have seen it ten times .	hello , how are you tonight ?	very well , and yourself ? i just watched titanic . i have seen it ten times .	i am watching fox news , it is absurd how much propaganda they put out .	do you have any pets ? i have a golden retriever . her name is ginger .	i do , a boxer named biden .	that is cool . what is your favorite hobby ? mine is model cars .	marches , voting drives , anything to stop the orange one .	do you have any kids ? i am a new father !	I don't know what you mean by that.
dull-2239	hello , how are you doing ?	doing great watching a little sports on tv	hello , how are you doing ?	doing great watching a little sports on tv	very cool , i used to watch soccer when i traveled abroad	i enjoy watching soccer a lot . i played some sports in high school .	i used to play in kindergarten , i met my best friend in kindergarten	what do you like to do in your spare moments ?	i enjoy advertising , i got a job working in it last year	i am getting married soon , hope she starts to enjoy sports like i do	i just got married , my jewish wife , i am in jewish faith	where did the jews come from ?	That question does not make sense to me.
dull-2240	hey there , how are you doing ?	i am good just reading about europe and you ?	hey there , how are you doing ?	i am good just reading about europe and you ?	That is cool.
dull-2241	hello ! how are you doing ?	hello ! i am well and yourself ? where are you from ?	hello ! how are you doing ?	That is a good question.
dull-2242	hello how are you ?	i am doing well , how are you ?	hello how are you ?	i am doing well , how are you ?	doing well just playing with my pedro who is my dog	i also have a dog named juan . he is my hunting dog . we like to hunt .	what do you like to hunt ? what kind of job do you have ?	That is a good question.
dull-2243	to whom do i have the pleasure of accompanying me today ?	my name is carol . how are you today ?	to whom do i have the pleasure of accompanying me today ?	my name is carol . how are you today ?	lonely carol , i sit here with my two cats stumped .	oh ? i have a siamese cat . just me and bob the cat . lonely too .	lonely carol , i sit here with my two cats stumped .
dull-2244	hello , how are you this evening ?	i am great thanks , and you ?	hello , how are you this evening ?	That is great.
dull-2245	hello , how are you today ?	hi . not so hot . i got poison ivy hiking last weekend . how are you ?	hello , how are you today ?	hi . not so hot . i got poison ivy hiking last weekend . how are you ?	oh no ! i am tired , but doing okay	yeah . i should have stuck to writing nature poems like usual .	sounds like it ! are you a writer ?	more of a reader , but i write a bit . what is your profession ?	i am a retired veteran , so i am more focused on hobbies now	i have lots of hobbies like collecting weird stickers . what are yours ?	i like to ride my custom wheelchair on hiking trails	nature is so beautiful . do you know how to draw ? i would like to learn .	i can draw a bit , but nothing special . do you like nature ?	yep . but i have learned my lesson . next week i will try cooking instead .	i bet ! what is your favorite food ?	yep . but i have learned my lesson . next week i will try cooking instead .
dull-2246	hi , tracy here . divorce , two kids , ex named doug .	hi , its good you are part of your kids lives i did not know my mother .	hi , tracy here . divorce , two kids , ex named doug .	hi , its good you are part of your kids lives i did not know my mother .	oh okay ! i move around alot and hand make things that i sell online .	i move around a lot too went into the army right out of highschool .	a military man . my ex was a marine .	yeah , divorce is hard . any pets ? i always wanted a dog but i am allergic .	no . i wish you knew your mother . my parents love my kids . their divorced too .	I love that.
dull-2247	hi want to be friends with me	hello , are you a musician ?	hi want to be friends with me	hello , are you a musician ?	i am how did you know	i am as well , small world .	my father was a cop . he was not thrilled when i started a band	mine was too . i love nirvana .	i bet we could go for a morning jog together	that would be wonderful , have you ever done run disney ?	i am planning a trip soon	where are you going ? i would love to go to ireland .	ha i meant to disney . but yeah ireland would be cool	i want to go everywhere , but do not have that kind of money .	me either . pet smart does not pay well	i have never been in there , do they make pets smart ?	me either . pet smart does not pay well
dull-2248	hi there , how are you ?	i am alright . finished with homeschool . you ?	I don't know what you mean by that.
dull-2249	hello how are you today	tired from working the night shift . i like nursing , but it is tiring .	hello how are you today	tired from working the night shift . i like nursing , but it is tiring .	nursing is an honorable profession	what do you do for a living ? i been a nurse a long time .	i am heavy into fitness although i am rather large .	any other hobbies ? i like to cook .	what is your favorite dish to cook	i adore anything with onions . do you eat healthy ?	yes , i attempt to eat healthy but i have my moments	do you have family ? i do not get along with dad .	i swim everyday because i am located by the sea .	where do you live ? i work in the city .	i live in california . i work in the city as well	Wow.
dull-2250	hello , how are you tonight ?	very well , and yourself ? i just watched titanic . i have seen it ten times .	hello , how are you tonight ?	very well , and yourself ? i just watched titanic . i have seen it ten times .	i am watching fox news , it is absurd how much propaganda they put out .	do you have any pets ? i have a golden retriever . her name is ginger .	i am watching fox news , it is absurd how much propaganda they put out .
dull-2251	hi how are you doing	i quit high school and i run marathons . hi !	hi how are you doing	i quit high school and i run marathons . hi !	wow is that what you want to do forever	no i work at wendys in florida . do you have a dog ?	ho i am a doctor do not have time for pets	what kind of doctor ? you exercise ? i am runner .	i like to run too i am a pediatrician	i do not have pets either . you a lady doctor a man doctor ?	i am a lady doctor	I see.
dull-2252	hey , how are you doing today ?	i am doing well . how are you ?	hey , how are you doing today ?	I see.
dull-2253	hello . how are you doing ?	i am pretty good just got home	hello . how are you doing ?	i am pretty good just got home	very cool . do you have any pets ? i have 3 2 cats and 1 dog .	no i work at a groomers tho they are like my pets .	ah , fun ! are you into fitness ?	not really more into civil war things . too many wives in the past	oh . i own a dieting business that is very successful .	that is very nice . what kind of diets ?	to keep the pounds away ! i exercise for long hours and enjoy it .	do you eat anything special for it ?	Let me think what I have to say about that!
dull-2254	i am loading up my rifle to get me a deer today	oh really ? what kind of rifle are you going to go hunt with ?	i am loading up my rifle to get me a deer today	oh really ? what kind of rifle are you going to go hunt with ?	good question . i am just taking my shotgun in case i run into my brother in law	that sounds good , i am going to be gardening this weekend , i love it !	that is great , the company i work for just put in keyhole gardens for the tenants	oh that is really awesome ! do you watch or play any sports ?	no . i bow hunt and fix up my tin lizzie on the weekends	oh , you sound handy ! i love watching the ohio state buckeyes play football ! they rock !	sounds like a dang waste of time . what else do you like to do ?	That is a good question.
dull-2255	he ; ; o . how are you this day	dogs really scares me , i live in an apartment that i rent	he ; ; o . how are you this day	dogs really scares me , i live in an apartment that i rent	they mess with my allergies . plus i have a military disability .	i am doing good and you ? i am a woman at age 32	I don't have a good answer to that.
dull-2256	barbecue is my favorite food to cook .	oh no , i do not like barbecue because i do not like to eat animals .	barbecue is my favorite food to cook .	oh no , i do not like barbecue because i do not like to eat animals .	what do you like to eat ? maybe i need to do the same .	ice cream is one of my favourite foods .	i need to workout . i usually try to on the weekends .	i should work out more , i walk my dogs every day .	i work a lot . what do you do for work ? i drive a forklift .	That question does not make sense to me.
dull-2257	how is your day going ? i am just an old tired man	it is okay . thankfully , i did not have court today .	how is your day going ? i am just an old tired man	it is okay . thankfully , i did not have court today .	I like that.
dull-2258	hey . tg 14 year old here .	how are you doing tonight , i am missing my tail it was removed	hey . tg 14 year old here .	how are you doing tonight , i am missing my tail it was removed	that happened to my cat . my dog found it and ate it .	oh no do you like hollister i worked there back in high school ?	yes its my fav . i stopped by there after school today to look for clothes .	yeah very cool , i quit to become a skater , i get paid to skate	i want to be an actor . is ice skating hard ? lol	yeah very cool , i quit to become a skater , i get paid to skate
dull-2259	hi , there how are you today ?	i am great . how is the weather ?	hi , there how are you today ?	i am great . how is the weather ?	not bad at all good day for an adventure , do you travel ?	i love to travel . i like all of the art .	love seeing differences in the world , being law student limits my time though	i love to travel . i like all of the art .
dull-2260	hello , janice here . taking a break from studying .	hello , i am mia . i know the feeling , i homeschool my daughter .	hello , janice here . taking a break from studying .	hello , i am mia . i know the feeling , i homeschool my daughter .	i am in my last year of high school and ready for college !	good luck ! what are you going to go for ?	the medical field , probably a doctor .	I like that.
dull-2261	hello , how are you tonight .	hi i am doing pretty good . how are you ?	hello , how are you tonight .	hi i am doing pretty good . how are you ?	very well thank you , now that my neighbor rid my yard of the snake .	That is great.
dull-2262	how is your day going so far ?	good , just gardening in my large garden !	how is your day going so far ?	I don't have a good answer to that.
dull-2263	hi there ! how are you today ?	i am very good thank you , tell me about yourself ?	hi there ! how are you today ?	i am very good thank you , tell me about yourself ?	i just completed my rn . what do you do ?	thanks cool , i am park ranger i hike in nature for my job	oh wow that is amazing . i cannot wait to get a full time nursing job !	i bet what are some of your hobbies ?	i love to go clothes shopping . what about you ?	i do too , one of my hobbies is to collect odd stickers	fun ! what about your family ? i am super close with my sister we are best friends .	same here ! my sister and i read each other our poetry	That is good.
dull-2264	hey ! how are you doing ?	you know , busy with 3 daughters . you ?	hey ! how are you doing ?	you know , busy with 3 daughters . you ?	i do not have any kids but my dogs keep me busy	what kind of dog do you have ? we might get one	i have a german shephard and a black lab . you totally should	i would enjoy a dalmatian . my ex kept the poodle in the divorce	oh that is horrible . i am so sorry about that	it s okay , my dad was a firefighter that s why i want a dalmatian	that is so sweet . what do you do for fun ?	i like to listen to music , what about you ?	i play frisbee with my dogs every day	that sounds like fun , i wish our goldfish was more fun	i play frisbee with my dogs every day
dull-2265	hello , how are you tonight ?	doing well , just listening to some bach . yourself ?	That question does not make sense to me.
dull-2266	hello ! how are you today ?	i am great ! i just got done with a big biology test . how are you ?	hello ! how are you today ?	i am great ! i just got done with a big biology test . how are you ?	good . just a long day in middle school ! how old are you ?	i am 20 years old and studying in college . and you ?	i am 14 and cannot wait for college ! what are you studying ?	i am studying marine biology . i love marine life and the ocean .	animals do not judge . i am a big fan of dogs ! do not like cats though !	agreed ! i am allergic to cats . what do you want to study in college ?	want to be an actor ! i am a trans boy so i can be whoever in theater !	true . you must have lots of insight into both male and female .	do you like music ? i am a big pink floyd fan !	That is a great question.
dull-2267	hello , how are you tonight ? i am looking at the fishing maps .	well the weather definitely is good for fishing .	I see.
dull-2268	hi there how are you	. . . just got home from work in nursing . i helped deliver triplets tonight ! first time !	hi there how are you	. . . just got home from work in nursing . i helped deliver triplets tonight ! first time !	wow and i thought i was tired from my walk you must be exhausted	i only helped deliver them . am okay . . . a gym goer 3 times a week . you ?	i just take walks nothing big	that is really good exercise moderation is best . like me i just drink water . . no alcohol	i have a good size garden to try and eat healthy	that is healthy . live by yourself or do you have a family ?	That question does not make sense to me.
dull-2269	hi ! what are you up to ? i am listening to some rap while studying	That is a great question.
dull-2270	hi how are you doing	i quit high school and i run marathons . hi !	hi how are you doing	i quit high school and i run marathons . hi !	wow is that what you want to do forever	no i work at wendys in florida . do you have a dog ?	ho i am a doctor do not have time for pets	what kind of doctor ? you exercise ? i am runner .	i like to run too i am a pediatrician	i do not have pets either . you a lady doctor a man doctor ?	i am a lady doctor	you ever eat at wendys ? i went to washington school before i quit .	i like wendys they have good burgers	i am the one who make them burgers good . i bet you know lots of stuff .	i like wendys they have good burgers
dull-2271	hello how are you doing today ?	not too bad . a little sad , but such is life .	hello how are you doing today ?	not too bad . a little sad , but such is life .	why are you sad today did something happen ?	just need to lose some weight . having 3 kids will do that .	oh i can only imagine i decided long ago that i did not want kids .	smart choice ! do you like to cook ? i would be a great chef lol	no not really . so many good places to eat at in the big apple	i want to go there , but with me on days and hubby nights , it s not feasible .	its amazing my dream is to act but for now i will stick to modeling	sounds great ? do you have any pets ? we have a family cat .	no . i am always traveling for work so hard to keep an animal .	very true . what else do you like to do ?	no . i am always traveling for work so hard to keep an animal .
dull-2272	hey , nice to meet you . what are you hobbies ?	hello , how are you today ? i fight for environmental rights .	hey , nice to meet you . what are you hobbies ?	hello , how are you today ? i fight for environmental rights .	oh cool . i am well . i grew up on a horse ranch . still there .	that sounds neat . i actually work selling homes . so you ranch ?	yes . i love taking care of my horses .	my kids would love to see your horses .	yes . i love taking care of my horses .
dull-2273	i am a life coach teacher who loves to read . you ?	perhaps you can help me . i recently quit high school	Wow.
dull-2274	hey there how are you ?	i am doing great ! just eating dinner .	hey there how are you ?	i am doing great ! just eating dinner .	just got my nails done in my fav color	wow , i bet they look nice .	like sports ? love the buckeyes	i love sports too ! i enjoy camping .	yes they actually do look nice , the girls all ask at work	that is good . i have to drive my mom to work tomorrow .	i hate the ocean , swimming or anything with water	i like the ocean . i like camping and hiking better .	i do not too scared to do that i like gardening	my mom loves gardening . i help her sometimes .	what is she growing now ?	Wow, great question!
dull-2275	hello . how are you doing ?	i am good . do you have any hobbies ?	That question does not make sense to me.
dull-2276	hello , how are you ? hold old are you ? i am 34 .	oh hey , i am a 5 foot , 35 year old woman who has a dog , pedro .	hello , how are you ? hold old are you ? i am 34 .	oh hey , i am a 5 foot , 35 year old woman who has a dog , pedro .	awesome . what do you do for a living ? i work as an environmentalist .	i work in healthcare . it is boring .	i am sorry . where did you go to school ? i attended the university of mississippi .	in new york . it is in a great town with film festivals .	awesome ! do you have any kids ? i have two . they are in kindergarten .	i have a two year old daughter . . she inherited my love of muffins .	that is adorable . i have worked in real estate for 12 years . i see lots of kids !	i tried getting a real estate licence but it seemed too tedious .	it can be . it is worth it once you are done though .	i believe it . it seemed like something i would like .	i would recommend it . it can be very rewarding if you put in the hard work .	maybe i will revisit the idea in the future !	i would recommend it . it can be very rewarding if you put in the hard work .
dull-2277	hello , how are you doing ?	so tired . just got off job 1 and off to job 2 soon . you ?	hello , how are you doing ?	so tired . just got off job 1 and off to job 2 soon . you ?	i am reading fashion magazines .	oh , do you like that kind of stuff ? models , shoes , fashion ?	i am reading fashion magazines .
dull-2278	good evening . my name is elisa how are you ?	i am well ! my name is karen . what are you up to this evening ?	good evening . my name is elisa how are you ?	i am well ! my name is karen . what are you up to this evening ?	Wow, great question!
dull-2279	hello . how are you ? where are you from ?	hello . i am from the midwest . tell me about you ?	hello . how are you ? where are you from ?	hello . i am from the midwest . tell me about you ?	from ny , where i do not drive . also , i am from a jewish family .	i work as a forklift driver . and i barbecue in my spare time	i love barbecue , unless it is sweet . i do not like sweet .	likewise , i like spicy barbecue . i eat it to bulk up since i weight lift	do you go out at night ? i like going to bar to listen to jazz .	no i work a lot of the time	i see . are you able to do anything when you have spare time ?	i just workout and barbecue	on my spare time , i like to watch the office . it is my favorite	sorry to say but that show is nauseating	it is not your cup of tea , i see . hehe ! !	sorry to say but that show is nauseating
dull-2280	hey there , how are you doing ?	i am good just reading about europe and you ?	hey there , how are you doing ?	i am good just reading about europe and you ?	that sounds interesting ! i am just knitting hats right now	i wish i could knit a scarf for my big dog george ! what else do you like ?	i like to cook , what about you ? do you like cooking ?	i do not cook much but i do love to eat , especially italian food	italian food is good . i am vegan , so i cook that	my walking partner friend is vegan and she is so healthy . do you walk ?	yes i enjoy walking but i have a disability so its hard . i cant work , either	i am sorry to hear that . maybe you could read . i enjoy reading	yes i enjoy walking but i have a disability so its hard . i cant work , either
dull-2281	hello , how are you tonight ? are you a buckeyes fan ?	hello , doing good thanks ! no i am a wildcats fan lol	hello , how are you tonight ? are you a buckeyes fan ?	hello , doing good thanks ! no i am a wildcats fan lol	hmm . lol . as long as you are not a fan of that team up north .	no i ma not . go figure i am cats fan and allergic to cats lol .	i do not like cats , i am afraid of their saliva getting on me .	agree . i live in a small town in kentucky .	i live in a small town in ohio .	so we are semi close neighbors .	seems like it . have you been to the rock hall ?	no . i enjoy crafts and this new game that i am trying to learn .	i am a gamer as well , i love fallout .	no . i enjoy crafts and this new game that i am trying to learn .
dull-2282	hello . i am eating sausage and bacon for breakfast . what are you having ?	i just finished bacon and pancakes .	hello . i am eating sausage and bacon for breakfast . what are you having ?	i just finished bacon and pancakes .	as a doctor i should know to eat less bacon but it is just so god	that is true . i am studying to become a fashion designer .	as a doctor i should know to eat less bacon but it is just so god
dull-2283	hi , how are you doing today ?	doing good . just got in from playing basketball love sports	hi , how are you doing today ?	doing good . just got in from playing basketball love sports	how nice ! i am too short to play basketball .	aww i am also studying education in college	education is a great industry . i work in healthcare .	my mother is a nurse great vocation	what year are you in college ?	i am a senior being 22 i am almost done !	That is great.
dull-2284	do you want to go to the gym with me ?	no i am just on my lunch break	do you want to go to the gym with me ?	no i am just on my lunch break	i like being alone anyway .	i might be good company my english is getting better	you already rejected me though .	just for the gym whats going on latter ?	drinking some water alone probably .	do you like classical music ?	i have no opinion .	i am going to a concert for bach want to come ?	yes , after the gym maybe	That is amazing.
dull-2285	hey there how are you i seen a spider an cried i hate snakes too	i am good . yikes i hate spiders too	hey there how are you i seen a spider an cried i hate snakes too	i am good . yikes i hate spiders too	yes i hate them , married ? i am not with no kids	nope and no kids either . i love my horses like kids	really ? my parents died 2 years ago	sorry to hear that ! must be hard	yes it is they died in accident , i also am a writer	i am hoping retire soon maybe i can write then	oh what are you retiring from ?	construction , my left leg hurts every day	I see.
dull-2286	hi , do you eat plants and meat ? because i eat both	i do , though not the dogs or the cactus i am growing	hi , do you eat plants and meat ? because i eat both	i do , though not the dogs or the cactus i am growing	nice , where do you work ? i do mostly sales	Let me think what I have to say about that!
dull-2287	hello , how are you today ?	hi , my mother and i own a restaurant . you like pizza ?	hello , how are you today ?	hi , my mother and i own a restaurant . you like pizza ?	i do not like pizza . i work as a bodybuilder and can not eat carbs	I love that.
dull-2288	hey there how are you i seen a spider an cried i hate snakes too	i am good . yikes i hate spiders too	hey there how are you i seen a spider an cried i hate snakes too	i am good . yikes i hate spiders too	yes i hate them , married ? i am not with no kids	nope and no kids either . i love my horses like kids	really ? my parents died 2 years ago	Let me think what I have to say about that!
dull-2289	hi . how are you today ?	great ! how are you doing ?	hi . how are you today ?	great ! how are you doing ?	That is cool.
dull-2290	hi there how are you doing ?	Wow, great question!
dull-2291	hello , do you like tupac ?	i love tupac . he is great to listen to while weightlifting .	hello , do you like tupac ?	i love tupac . he is great to listen to while weightlifting .	i listen to him while playing tennis and running .	that sounds bold . you remind me of theodore roosevelt . who do you look up to ?	indiana jones . i want to be just like him .	i used to act out his movies at home with my sister .	my friends and i do that as well . it is so fun .	we should get together and act . we could pretend to rescue rabbits for my blog .	i have a blog as well , a photography one .	maybe i have seen it . my sister helps me distinguish red from green .	oh , you are color blind . my cousin is as well .	oh , coincidence ! it is weird looking at a picture of tim mcgraw differently than others .	who is tim mcgraw ? is he a writer ?	he is a country singer , but i bet he would write a great blog .	I see.
dull-2292	hi there , how are you ?	i am alright . finished with homeschool . you ?	hi there , how are you ?	i am alright . finished with homeschool . you ?	cool . just got back from my run . had nirvana playing on repeat . was great	i love nirvana , true story . i play bass in a metal band	hey man ! i play music myself . guitar	right on . i play everything in a side project . all metal though . lol	so what do you do for work ?	i tattoo and write for a ghost writing company . you ?	okay , now i feel a bit lame . . pet smart . haha	lol ! who cares , at least you work !	okay , now i feel a bit lame . . pet smart . haha
dull-2293	hi there how are you tonight	hey i am doing great what about you	hi there how are you tonight	hey i am doing great what about you	i just got home from playing poker at the casino since i do not have much friends	o is playing poker hard ? i have been wondering for a while	no you just have to be good at bluffing and knowing witch cards to play	I love that.
dull-2294	he ; ; o . how are you this day	dogs really scares me , i live in an apartment that i rent	he ; ; o . how are you this day	dogs really scares me , i live in an apartment that i rent	they mess with my allergies . plus i have a military disability .	i am doing good and you ? i am a woman at age 32	i am a motherless lonesome fella . i am 46	I love that.
dull-2295	hello , how are you ? hold old are you ? i am 34 .	I don't have a good answer to that.
dull-2296	how are things going with you ?	hard day on the job today . and you ?	how are things going with you ?	hard day on the job today . and you ?	just got in from the karaoke bar . it was necessary to de stress .	that is a good way to de stress . i usually just grade papers	are you sure you aren t taking it out on the students when you do that ?	hard to be bias when grading multiple choice with a definitive answer	true . what are you teaching these days ?	i teach a kindergarten class in seattle	that must be fun , but also a lot .	i teach a kindergarten class in seattle
dull-2297	hey ! lucy here , what is your name ?	my name is sam short for sammie	hey ! lucy here , what is your name ?	my name is sam short for sammie	nice to meet you ! oh no my boss is coming !	oh you have a boss , i can not work due to disability	so sorry ! yes , my old soccer coach wife , i am her secretary	that must make work fun	not really ! i graduated last year with honors so she makes me do everything !	well at least you have a job , i wish i could get out of bed	have you tried physical therapy ? i do it after a soccer injury .	Wow, great question!
dull-2298	hi how are you today	i am fine i am worry as next month i have to pay loan .	hi how are you today	i am fine i am worry as next month i have to pay loan .	you just have to work it off bit by bit	i do not have a job	you just have to work it off bit by bit
dull-2299	hi how are you today	i am pretty good , loving this autumn weather , you ?	hi how are you today	i am pretty good , loving this autumn weather , you ?	what is your favorite color ?	purple . i have a turtle , do you like any animals ?	i do not but purple is mine too !	that is pretty cool , any favorite sports ?	i do not but purple is mine too !
dull-2300	hi there , what is your favorite band to listen to ?	i like the beatles how about you ?	I love that.
dull-2301	i have the world record for the most tattoos	that is awesome ! i am retiring in five years .	i have the world record for the most tattoos	that is awesome ! i am retiring in five years .	you should get a tattoo to celebrate ! !	i have them , my favorite is of a barbecue pit .	oh i like that . my favorite is the one in my right nostril .	i play racquetball , maybe i should get one of that .	that would look awesome on your shoulder ! my roommate in chicago has one there .	i have an oldies jukebox on my back !	i play my tattoo guitar on my abdomen . totally beats the air guitar .	that it does . i am an admin assistant .	do they know about your tattoos ? that could get interesting	no they are all in places that can be covered up .	I am very happy to hear that.
dull-2302	hey there how are you ? it was beautiful saturday my friend got married !	i am doing great ! i am just currently exploring with my sea creature friends !	hey there how are you ? it was beautiful saturday my friend got married !	i am doing great ! i am just currently exploring with my sea creature friends !	i love bands especially rush	i like rush as well , i have to see them whenever i can above the sea .	what kind of sea creatures ? i like to draw online its a hobby	well starfish , jellyfish , squids , fish , they are all my friends !	really ? i like to do anything in sales , that is my field	that sounds awesome , i have a tail as feet , so i can not work .	are you a fish ? i am also a omnivore	no , i am not , i do have long wavy hair though !	you are a mermaid ! wow ! cool let me see you	i wish i could let you see me , i have to eat dinner with my family though .	really ? oh what do you eat ?	i wish i could let you see me , i have to eat dinner with my family though .
dull-2303	hi ! you read books ? i love reading mysteries .	yes ! i do art so i love all forms of expression	hi ! you read books ? i love reading mysteries .	yes ! i do art so i love all forms of expression	lovely ! my kids love reading too . i have seven of them !	wow that is a handful	haha . i also grew up in a large family on a large farm .	i am scared my kids will get my webbed toes	i hope not ! i am a truck driver . what do you do for a living ?	I don't know what you mean by that.
dull-2304	hello , how are you doing today ?	doing well . i live in ohio and my job is in a factory . you ?	hello , how are you doing today ?	doing well . i live in ohio and my job is in a factory . you ?	i am working in an animal shelter . cleaning kennels is no fun .	That is very interesting.
dull-2305	hey there how are you ?	i am doing great ! just eating dinner .	hey there how are you ?	i am doing great ! just eating dinner .	just got my nails done in my fav color	wow , i bet they look nice .	like sports ? love the buckeyes	I don't have a good answer to that.
dull-2306	hello , how are you tonight	i am fine and you	hello , how are you tonight	i am fine and you	very well , thank you for asking . planning my garden for next year .	amazing fresh foods and veggies sounds yummy	they are , i will use my garden as a teaching environment too	awesome . tell me more about yourself	what do you do for a living ?	i work at the hospital in labor and delivery	That is cool.
dull-2307	hey there how are you today ?	i am great how are you ?	hey there how are you today ?	i am great how are you ?	like bbq ? i love bbq a lot	i do too ! what do you do for a living ? i works as a handyman .	i am really tired but i cannot quit	why so tired ? do you have a hobby ? i hunt and love restoring cars , especially classic .	i am tired from work , forklift does it to me	i understand . do you like seafood ? i do except shellfish , i break out in hives .	like scary movies ? i love them	no ! i hate them !	lol well why is that ?	well because they scare me i guess .	oh i understand that i really do	do you have any pets ?	no i do not have any	That is great.
dull-2308	good evening , what are you doing tonight ?	hi . how are you ? i just got in from working on my car .	good evening , what are you doing tonight ?	hi . how are you ? i just got in from working on my car .	a real man , just like the ones i read and watch in my romance books and movies	haha . thanks . working on classic cars is my passion !	i do not own a car , just an appartment in the big city	big city sounds exciting . what do you do for work ?	still in culinary school . i should be done soon	i work for an apartment complex . i am in charge of handling all the issues .	you can come work on my appartment , i am 32 and single , you have a partner ?	nothing too serious . do you like to cook ?	i am in culinary school , so i hope so	the only thing i cannot eat is shellfish . i am allergic .	do you have any pets ? dogs scare me	the only thing i cannot eat is shellfish . i am allergic .
dull-2309	hi , how are you ? i am really thirsty , but water scares me .	hey . that is a terrible conundrum !	hi , how are you ? i am really thirsty , but water scares me .	hey . that is a terrible conundrum !	the plants in my garden are dying from lack of water . please help .	wish i could . i keep a large garden as well .	will you help me ?	i am a little busy . i teach a college class in biology .	I am very happy to hear that.
dull-2310	hello how are you ?	i am doing well , how are you ?	hello how are you ?	i am doing well , how are you ?	doing well just playing with my pedro who is my dog	i also have a dog named juan . he is my hunting dog . we like to hunt .	what do you like to hunt ? what kind of job do you have ?	anything but shellfish . i am allergic . mostly we hunt ducks .	very cool i want to get into hunting but i am only five foot tall	that is a good height for bow hunting . where do you work ?	i work in healthcare how about yourself ?	I am very happy to hear that.
dull-2311	good morning , how are you today ?	i am fine thank you how is your day going ?	good morning , how are you today ?	i am fine thank you how is your day going ?	very well . just got my kid sister to school , now on to the gym .	that is nice of you do you work out often or in your spare time ?	very well . just got my kid sister to school , now on to the gym .
dull-2312	hey are you still there ?	hello , yes i am here	hey are you still there ?	hello , yes i am here	what did you do today ?	just my usual routine , working , coming home . what about you ?	That is great.
dull-2313	hello , how are you doing ?	you mean good and i m planning for my next travel	hello , how are you doing ?	you mean good and i m planning for my next travel	That is very interesting.
dull-2314	hi how are you ? i am still recovering from my friends wedding	i am good . weddings are so fun . did they have good music ?	hi how are you ? i am still recovering from my friends wedding	i am good . weddings are so fun . did they have good music ?	they did . played some rush which is my favorite	i have heard them a few times . i love music . sing choir at church .	so cool ! my sales partner is in a choir and has a great voice	oh . so you are in sales . i mentored troubled teens at my job .	so rewarding . what do you do in your spare time ?	taekwondo , softball , and definitely eat italian food . how about you ?	i work on some graphic design stuff and enjoy all sorts of meat and veggies	we definitely have some similar interests .	i do not know how someone can be vegan . omnivore all the way here	i hear you . i love spaghetti and meatballs .	i do not know how someone can be vegan . omnivore all the way here
dull-2315	hello how are you today	tired from working the night shift . i like nursing , but it is tiring .	hello how are you today	tired from working the night shift . i like nursing , but it is tiring .	nursing is an honorable profession	what do you do for a living ? i been a nurse a long time .	i am heavy into fitness although i am rather large .	any other hobbies ? i like to cook .	what is your favorite dish to cook	i adore anything with onions . do you eat healthy ?	That is a great question.
dull-2316	hi , do you like bbq ?	hello yes i love bbq	hi , do you like bbq ?	hello yes i love bbq	That is cool.
dull-2317	hello there my new friend	hello , what have you been doing ?	hello there my new friend	hello , what have you been doing ?	well lately i have been getting ready for ski season up on the mountain	how exciting , i just got home from walking my dog	that is awesome ! i have two dogs and some cats , how do you feel about cats	i like them , but i only have a dog , because my sister is allergic to cats .	that kinda sucks , cats can be a handful but i still love them	i have been practicing my dance	hmmmm tell me more , is it dancing to barry manila	no , mostly hip hop , it is my passion	what are the names of a few artists that you dance to ?	drake , jay z and my favorite beyonce	I see.
dull-2318	hi , how are you ? i am really thirsty , but water scares me .	hey . that is a terrible conundrum !	hi , how are you ? i am really thirsty , but water scares me .	hey . that is a terrible conundrum !	the plants in my garden are dying from lack of water . please help .	wish i could . i keep a large garden as well .	will you help me ?	i am a little busy . i teach a college class in biology .	that makes me so sad .	maybe when i am free . i like walking in my spare time .	if we do not walk by water i would walk with you	sure . i also love travelling . been to six countries already !	if we do not walk by water i would walk with you
dull-2319	hi how are you today	good , you ? enjoying a lazy day with my dog , max	hi how are you today	good , you ? enjoying a lazy day with my dog , max	Wow, great question!
dull-2320	hi how are you doing tonight ?	i am alright , just listening to music . you ?	hi how are you doing tonight ?	i am alright , just listening to music . you ?	i am doing a lot of studying for law school	that sounds intense . i am only in my last year of college now	it is intense . i wish i could travel more but i am so busy studying	it will pay off one day !	i hope so . i want to propose to my live in girlfriend	oh my gosh , that is wonderful ! i am sure she will say yes	i hope so ! are you in a relationship ?	i am too busy with sports .	That is great.
dull-2321	hello , how are you today ? doing the same thing as yesterday	hi ! i am doing just great ! what do you do ?	hello , how are you today ? doing the same thing as yesterday	hi ! i am doing just great ! what do you do ?	i am a tattoo artist , been doing that forever and a day . haha	That is good.
dull-2322	hi how are you ? i feel woozy . someone must have spiked my iced tea	sorry to hear that . i feel great just finished working out .	Nice!
dull-2323	hello ! how are you doing ?	i am cool just relaxed	hello ! how are you doing ?	i am cool just relaxed	nice , you do much today ?	no just watch the clock an run	cool , you run too ? i love running ! kind of annoying when the dogs chase you though	lol you are right i work in a pet store	really ? i am not an animal lover .	it just pays the bills lol i do like to run also	i quit high school a few years back . but thankfully live in cheap apartments .	got any favorite bands ? i like nirvana	cool ! not much a music listener here . i just run listening to my footfalls	who is that ? my dad the cops	not a band , i just listen to what is around me when i run .	Nice!
dull-2324	hello hope you are having a great day ?	hello there . it is okay , one of the horses kicked me .	hello hope you are having a great day ?	hello there . it is okay , one of the horses kicked me .	hope you are alright . my siamese cat bites me sometimes	it always hurts , lol . i need to retire .	are you a farmer . i am retired myself . from banking .	i have a horse ranch , it was my fathers .	i used to have horses but i just sew and make quilts	that sounds very nice , i need to find a hobby like that .	it is relaxing . i make gifts for family members . what do you do for fun ?	I don't know what you mean by that.
dull-2325	howdy how are you doing tonight i am doing fine .	i am doing fine too .	howdy how are you doing tonight i am doing fine .	i am doing fine too .	that is good i like watching sports on television . do you ?	i am doing fine too .
dull-2326	hi how are you do you need me ?	hi , i am doing great . how are you ?	hi how are you do you need me ?	hi , i am doing great . how are you ?	i am a nurse aid at a nursing home local	that is cool . i am a student attending auburn university .	what you studying ? i have a big family	i am studying to become a doctor .	cool , love riding my bike	i broke my bike . i love my volkswagen beetle .	cool , love riding my bike
dull-2327	it is a beautiful beach day . how are you ?	sad , struggling to make ends meet from all my bills	it is a beautiful beach day . how are you ?	sad , struggling to make ends meet from all my bills	i am sorry to hear that . i am on a diet so i am hungry	at least you can eat i can not afford to	my dad owns a car dealership so maybe i can get you a better job ?	i would love that , thank you for that	of course . i feel spoiled . i just paid to get my nails done	that is awesome you are so luckily	i did grown up very lucky . i want to help you be lucky now	you are so kind do you work in car sales as well ?	yes , i help my dad out here and there . when will you be able to work ?	i am available right now i have been out of school for two years now	That is amazing.
dull-2328	hi . i hale from wisconsin . where are you from ?	i am from upstate newyork how is wisconsin ?	hi . i hale from wisconsin . where are you from ?	i am from upstate newyork how is wisconsin ?	cold and snowy , at least in a few months . i love it .	i like the snow what is your favorite snow activity that you like to do ?	cold and snowy , at least in a few months . i love it .
dull-2329	hi how are you today ?	great , getting ready for midterms . you ?	hi how are you today ?	great , getting ready for midterms . you ?	just playing some ultimate it is the best	sounds fun , is it a video game ? i like playing poker .	ultimate frisbee you big silly	oh ! that makes more sense haha . i have never played	it is fun you get to run and throw things	i love running , so i may have to check that out	yeah it is a great way to meet new people too	i just started jujitsu , i may have to start ultimate too	where do you live at ?	i just started jujitsu , i may have to start ultimate too
dull-2330	hello , i love fashion and hope to be a doctor one day . you ?	hello , i am an accountant from ohio . i have two boys and i am single .	I am very happy to hear that.
dull-2331	hey how are you doing today ?	hi there i am great how are you doing ?	hey how are you doing today ?	That is a great question.
dull-2332	hello . how are you on this fine day ?	I don't have a good answer to that.
dull-2333	hey how are you ?	i just got home from a nice nature hike . do you like the outdoors ?	hey how are you ?	i just got home from a nice nature hike . do you like the outdoors ?	yes i love the outdoors since i am usually stuck inside for work	hiking gives me inspiration for my drawing class . do you like art ?	i like music my favorite is rush , music is like art right ?	yes ! what kind of work do you do indoors ?	i sell space in data centers so i do not have any windows	i would put wierd stickers all over the walls ! do you have any hobbies ?	i like to go to different music concerts , what about you ?	i collect stickers , i try all kinds of strange food . can you recommend any strange food ?	I don't know what you mean by that.
dull-2334	hey ! how are you doing ?	you know , busy with 3 daughters . you ?	hey ! how are you doing ?	you know , busy with 3 daughters . you ?	i do not have any kids but my dogs keep me busy	That is very interesting.
dull-2335	hi how are you doing ?	i am great . i am watching lord of the rings .	hi how are you doing ?	i am great . i am watching lord of the rings .	i live in the mountains that look like the ones in the films	awesome . i like movies , especially fantasy .	me too , my favourites are ones on animals . do you have pets ?	I don't have a good answer to that.
dull-2336	hello how are you today ?	hi , i am good , i just moved into a new house i bought ! you ?	hello how are you today ?	hi , i am good , i just moved into a new house i bought ! you ?	that is great . my family lives on my road .	That is amazing.
dull-2337	hi i work at a pet place , where do you work at ?	hi , i am an accountant . i have got two kids . do you have kids ?	hi i work at a pet place , where do you work at ?	hi , i am an accountant . i have got two kids . do you have kids ?	no , i am into music , a musician and i work at a pet place	cool ! what instrument do you play ?	the piano , i am a pianist like the movie . whats your favorite band ?	wow , i love piano . i do not listen to music these days though . i hike !	me too i love running	how long have you been a runner ?	for about 3 years , what do you listen to while hiking ?	the birds singing and the wind whistling . so what state are you in ?	i am in new york city , i love listening to nirvana while i run	yeah , i love nirvana ! where does one run in new york city ? i am in ohio .	i am in new york city , i love listening to nirvana while i run
dull-2338	hi , how are you doing ?	not bad thanks . i just back from the nail salon .	hi , how are you doing ?	not bad thanks . i just back from the nail salon .	that is a fine thing to do for yourself . i like pink nail polish .	oh nice . we should go some time .	are here in southern california ?	I don't know what you mean by that.
dull-2339	hi , how has your day been ?	great and how was your day ?	hi , how has your day been ?	great and how was your day ?	long day at work . teaching elementary wears me out .	i can imagine . i thought about having children but i am not ready yet .	it is worth it when the time comes ! what do you do ?	i am in fashion design school . i want to have my own fashion line one day .	oh my wife wanted to do the same thing . cooking is my passion .	what dish do you like to cook the most ?	honey teriyaki glazed salmon on the grill	yum . that sounds absolutely delicious . i would love to try it .	honey teriyaki glazed salmon on the grill
dull-2340	hi , want to go shopping with me ?	i am sorry my left leg is in a lot of pain so i can not	I am very happy to hear that.
dull-2341	good morning how are you	tired after driving my truck for delivery . on the road for 19 hours .	good morning how are you	tired after driving my truck for delivery . on the road for 19 hours .
dull-2342	hi , how are you this morning ?	i am fine . i am getting off my job just now .	hi , how are you this morning ?	i am fine . i am getting off my job just now .	what do you do for a living ?	i am a lifeguard . and i also sell insurance .	that is interesting . i am still in college but i hope to become a teacher	good luck . i also like to write fantasy books . are you a reader ?	yes , i love to read ! fantasy is actually my favorite genre	that is cool . do you get your books at the bookstore or online ?	Wow, great question!
dull-2343	hi ! how are you ? what are you doing right now ?	hey , i am great . other than recovering from surgery . how are you ?	hi ! how are you ? what are you doing right now ?	hey , i am great . other than recovering from surgery . how are you ?	oh no ! what happened ? i am taking a break from driving .	i tore up my knee playing frisbee with my 2 dogs . where are you driving to ?	i am driving a load to chicago . sorry about your knee . how is your recovery ?	its going well so far . an excuse to lay around . you drive truck ?	yes , i do . do you work for a living ?	i am currently looking . i did not finish high school so its not easy finding something worth it .	do you have children to support ? i must work to support my 7 children .	Let me think what I have to say about that!
dull-2344	hello how are you tonight ?	good evening , i swear i am exhausted	hello how are you tonight ?	good evening , i swear i am exhausted	me too , i just got back from walking . i love walking in the crips air	in the crips ? like books ? my name jordan by the way also	sorry crisp air , helps when i travel	oh i got it now like animals ? or have any ?	several , they love to eat the veggies out of my large garden	cool , i am a vet , i love live music on the weekend	i am a biology teacher , i love music helps me relax between papers	really ? i do also an i read	i am a biology teacher , i love music helps me relax between papers
dull-2345	hello , have you had dinner yet ?	i did , salad and water .	hello , have you had dinner yet ?	i did , salad and water .	i live in water , at the bottom of the sea .	are you on a submarine ? i work labor and delivery at the hospital .	no , i am not . i have a tail for feet and long hair .	oh , your a mermaid , that would be nice . you live in water and i only drink it .	yes , i am ! i spend most of my day studying .	i spend all my time at work or the gym . do you have kids ?	no , i do not . maybe one day , i am still in school .	i do not want any , i like living alone .	i like animals and sea creatures . i would like a human friend as well .	i would like to try living in the ocean , so beautiful .	it is . you really should try it .	i would like to try living in the ocean , so beautiful .
dull-2346	hey there w are you ?	Let me think what I have to say about that!
dull-2347	hello , how are you tonight ?	how are you doing this late night let us chat .	hello , how are you tonight ?	how are you doing this late night let us chat .	i am doing very well . i have biology homework .	oh i do not think i could do that was never to good in the study .	i do not party , nor do i drink .	wonderful cool but i did get my diploma from school to college .	very nice . do you travel a lot ?	so so i used to travel a lot from new jersey to atlantic city .	is atlantic city nice ? i heard it was kind of trashy now .	it was when i was going but now it probably is not so nice now .	I am happy for you!
dull-2348	what music do you like , i enjoy bluegrass .	i prefer pop music . i try to stay up with the trends .	what music do you like , i enjoy bluegrass .	i prefer pop music . i try to stay up with the trends .	skateboarding is my job at times and i am still pretty good	you skateboard professionally ? wow , how exciting ! lots of travel ?	on weekends and i gave up eating potato chips to try to stay slim	what do you do for a living ?	I don't have a good answer to that.
dull-2349	hi do you have any hobbies ? i am a guitarist .	That question does not make sense to me.
dull-2350	hey how are you tonight ?	Let me think what I have to say about that!
dull-2351	hi how are you doing tonight i am fare .	i am wonderful just relaxing ready to begin a long work week .	hi how are you doing tonight i am fare .	i am wonderful just relaxing ready to begin a long work week .	i tend to eat fish sardines in the morning for breakfast do you ?	no i like barbecue more than fish .	yes good for you i like playing with the frisbee do you ? barbecue tasty .	I don't know what you mean by that.
dull-2352	i am just sitting here making a dress . how are you ?	i am fine , just left the hospital	i am just sitting here making a dress . how are you ?	i am fine , just left the hospital	is everything okay with your health ?	oh yes . . . i work there as a nurse	my mom was a nurse in the army	cool . . . what do you do for a living	i sell clothing that i make . i also manage a program for environmental care	it takes special talent to make clothes	yes , i love creating my own designs . do you have any pets ?	That is a good question.
dull-2353	hey there . how are you ?	hey there . i am fine . what about you ?	hey there . how are you ?	hey there . i am fine . what about you ?	been better . stressful day at work .	do you work on sundays ?	That is a great question.
dull-2354	hello , i love fashion and hope to be a doctor one day . you ?	hello , i am an accountant from ohio . i have two boys and i am single .	hello , i love fashion and hope to be a doctor one day . you ?	hello , i am an accountant from ohio . i have two boys and i am single .	student , male , divorced , ex named doug . i own a beetle .	oh a beetle how cool . i have a boring honda civic . what are your hobbies ?	wow ! i make book covers in my free time . i am published also .	how amazing ! i love to go hiking . what books have you written ?	Wow, great question!
dull-2355	hello . . . how are you today ?	i am great . just cuddling with my two cats . . and you ?	hello . . . how are you today ?	i am great . just cuddling with my two cats . . and you ?	i am doing quite well . . . i am allergic to cats and mangoes .	that sucks . i am writing a romance novel . what are your hobbies ?	That is a great question.
dull-2356	hello , how are you this evening ?	i m good i m playing for my next travel and adventure	hello , how are you this evening ?	i m good i m playing for my next travel and adventure	that sounds fun . i enjoy playing board games and reading biographies .	arctic and i m going to use that for my lessons in school as a teacher	i just finished school . i graduated from college .	so i switched to being interested in iceland geology teacher	oh , cool . do you have any pets ? my cat is named arizona .	Let me think what I have to say about that!
dull-2357	hey , how are you today ? i just got home from work .	me too . i am an office secretary . what do you do ? ?	hey , how are you today ? i just got home from work .	me too . i am an office secretary . what do you do ? ?	right now , just at a fast food place , but i am job searching also .	cool ! i am lucy . i want a new job too , but just finished my degree last year .	what degree did you get ? i might want to go to college .	an four year degree in business , but i also played soccer . what would you study ?	i am not sure , i would probably have to talk to my uncle about it .	glad he supports you . what do you enjoy doing ? i like eating candy	i like eating ice cream , and stalking my parents on social media .	why do you stalk your family ? do they not speak to you ?	they gave me to my aunt and uncle . i do not really know them .	so sorry to hear that , but it sounds like your uncle is a good support .	my uncle as well as my auntie too .	that is wonderful . do you need help looking for a job ?	That is a great question.
dull-2358	hello ! how are you doing ?	i am cool just relaxed	hello ! how are you doing ?	i am cool just relaxed	nice , you do much today ?	no just watch the clock an run	cool , you run too ? i love running ! kind of annoying when the dogs chase you though	lol you are right i work in a pet store	really ? i am not an animal lover .	it just pays the bills lol i do like to run also	i quit high school a few years back . but thankfully live in cheap apartments .	got any favorite bands ? i like nirvana	cool ! not much a music listener here . i just run listening to my footfalls	who is that ? my dad the cops	I don't know what you mean by that.
dull-2359	hey i am jordan and i am a veterinarian . how are you doing today ?	i am joe and a pro skater	hey i am jordan and i am a veterinarian . how are you doing today ?	i am joe and a pro skater	oh nice . where are you from ? i am from cali but i am now in florida	i live in fl also . i used to work for hollister back in school	do you enjoy listening and playing music ? i am a musician , only on weekends	Wow, great question!
dull-2360	hi , want to get to know each other	ure . what is your name ? and what do you do for a living ?	hi , want to get to know each other	ure . what is your name ? and what do you do for a living ?	my name is tammi . but i do not work	oh okay . well , what do you like to do for fun ?	i like music a lot . especially country	awesome ! i am into music , too . it is my job !	so do you know anyone famous ?	quite a few people , actually . i am sort of famous myself .	wow . can i have your autograph ?	sure ! you like to party ? i sure do !	I don't know what you mean by that.
dull-2361	hi how are you today	hi how are you doing my friend i am okay thank you .	hi how are you today	hi how are you doing my friend i am okay thank you .	good to hear where do you live	i am employed at pet smart working with pets and selling products .	that is nice i like to hike	i love working as a musician too i live in new jersey .	nice do you ever go hiking ?	cool hiking is fun . no i do not hike . i am a runner i love to run .	do you have any children then ?	yes my most liked music band is nirvana , what is yours ?	I love that.
dull-2362	hey there , how are you doing ?	i am good just reading about europe and you ?	hey there , how are you doing ?	i am good just reading about europe and you ?	That is a good question.
dull-2363	hi there , how are you today ?	hey i am good how about yourself	hi there , how are you today ?	hey i am good how about yourself	good , just tired from my classes .	i know the feeling i am to	what are you taking classes for ?	well i am in high school so all the basics	ah . i see , i am taking classes to become a teacher myself .	o cool which type of school	just basic college currently , something that still gives me plenty of free time to go running	oo so you are trying to be a professor	yes , hoping to at least . what do you like to use your free time for ?	i mostly be at school , the little free time i spend at home	That is very interesting.
dull-2364	hello ! tell me about yourself ?	i really like to stay at home at watch a movie with my darling hubby . you ?	hello ! tell me about yourself ?	i really like to stay at home at watch a movie with my darling hubby . you ?	that sounds nice ! i am a nurse who loves zoos and teddy bears .	aww do you collect teddy bears ? my sweet sweet husband buys me them	i do ! i bring them to my patients at the childrens hospital .	so nice ! do they also like ice cream ? i love it !	I don't have a good answer to that.
dull-2365	hello , how are you ? did you eat your bacon this morning ?	no ! i am a jew ! i assume you like bacon ?	hello , how are you ? did you eat your bacon this morning ?	no ! i am a jew ! i assume you like bacon ?	i like meat . steaks are cool too . you can have one of those	yeah , that is fine . i prefer savoury foods to sweet anyway . do you like music ?	i do . i have a killer stereo in my raptor . do you like to hike and camp ?	i would , but i live in new york so do not drive , which is difficult	that would be difficult . what about central park ?	could hike there , but camping might be tricky ? do you watch much tv	no , i do not . mom is a nurse and sleeps during the day .	tricky what about in the evening ? the office is my fave at the moment	no , i do not . mom is a nurse and sleeps during the day .
dull-2366	hello there how are you today	i am wonderful . i just finished my book . how are you ?	hello there how are you today	Awesome!
dull-2367	hello . hope you are doing great today	i was doing fine until i saw a spider in the corner !	hello . hope you are doing great today	i was doing fine until i saw a spider in the corner !	you let it go or kill it ?	i ran away . i wish i had a husband or kids to kill it for me	i once found a black widow in my yard	do you like spiders ? how old are you ?	i am 30 . you sound lonely . what do u do for living ?	i am pretty lonely that is true . lost parents 2 years ago .	sorry to hear that . i have a father only , wish i have a spouse	i work as a science fiction writer . what do you do ?	Let me think what I have to say about that!
dull-2368	hi ! how are you ? what are you doing right now ?	hey , i am great . other than recovering from surgery . how are you ?	hi ! how are you ? what are you doing right now ?	hey , i am great . other than recovering from surgery . how are you ?	oh no ! what happened ? i am taking a break from driving .	i tore up my knee playing frisbee with my 2 dogs . where are you driving to ?	i am driving a load to chicago . sorry about your knee . how is your recovery ?	its going well so far . an excuse to lay around . you drive truck ?	I don't have a good answer to that.
dull-2369	hi there , how are you doing today ?	hey there ! i am freaking out about nature and the environment !	hi there , how are you doing today ?	hey there ! i am freaking out about nature and the environment !	i go running for a hours a day so global warming is a concern too	nice ! i also make my own clothes , it helps as well .	do you diet ? i ask because dieting is part of my livelihood .	well i did just adopt a cat from the street . . . i could eat it for my diet	lol , i have a couple cats and a pup myself , but i meant diet	well i did just adopt a cat from the street . . . i could eat it for my diet
dull-2370	hello . . . how are you today ?	i am great . just cuddling with my two cats . . and you ?	I like that.
dull-2371	hey what are your interests ?	i love the mall , shopping is my hobby . do you have any ?	hey what are your interests ?	i love the mall , shopping is my hobby . do you have any ?	yes i love concerts and singing	really ? me too , are you in a relationship ? i am not as of yet .	what did you pick up at the mall ? my life left years ago	i got me some nice blue jean thigh high boots . any siblings ?	I see.
dull-2372	hi , did you finish high school ? i never did	i did , how are you doing ?	I am happy for you!
dull-2373	hey , how are you today ?	i hate my weight from my three kids	hey , how are you today ?	i hate my weight from my three kids	i am sorry to heart that . how old are your kids ?	That is a great question.
dull-2374	hi how are you today	i am pretty good , loving this autumn weather , you ?	hi how are you today	i am pretty good , loving this autumn weather , you ?	what is your favorite color ?	purple . i have a turtle , do you like any animals ?	i do not but purple is mine too !	that is pretty cool , any favorite sports ?	nothing really are you religious ?	That is great.
dull-2375	hi there , how are you ?	i am alright . finished with homeschool . you ?	hi there , how are you ?	i am alright . finished with homeschool . you ?	cool . just got back from my run . had nirvana playing on repeat . was great	i love nirvana , true story . i play bass in a metal band	hey man ! i play music myself . guitar	right on . i play everything in a side project . all metal though . lol	so what do you do for work ?	i tattoo and write for a ghost writing company . you ?	Let me think what I have to say about that!
dull-2376	hi there how are you doing today ?	i am good , just got back to my apartment from culinary school . how are you ?	hi there how are you doing today ?	i am good , just got back to my apartment from culinary school . how are you ?	i am good what do you like cook most . i love my bacon	i really like italian food . what do you do for a living ?	engineering , good job . ready for retirement . do you like camping ?	i do , as long as there are no dogs there . they terrify me .	i do too just not the bugs so much . why is that ?	i do , as long as there are no dogs there . they terrify me .
dull-2377	hi . how is your day going ?	great , just got home from work . how are you ?	hi . how is your day going ?	great , just got home from work . how are you ?	not bad . the teens at the shelter were great today . what is your profession ?	i work at a help desk . so you work with homeless teens ?	yep . i am a mentor of sorts . thinking of cooking . you had supper ?	i did , i eat dinner while watching the news . what are you cooking ?	italian food . chicken alfredo . sigh .	is that not your favorite food ?	yep . what is your favorite food ?	That is a good question.
dull-2378	hello , how are you doing ?	hello , i am doing great . how are you doing ?	hello , how are you doing ?	Nice!
dull-2379	hello i love living in new york	hello , do they have great italian restaurants like they do in italy there ?	hello i love living in new york	hello , do they have great italian restaurants like they do in italy there ?	yes and i love to eat	I love that.
dull-2380	hello , who is the creator of heaven and earth ?	hi . wow . that is quite an entrance . i say god .	hello , who is the creator of heaven and earth ?	hi . wow . that is quite an entrance . i say god .	good . do you love reading the bible ?	not as much as i should . i read as much as i can about the arctic .	so how do you see nature ?	That question does not make sense to me.
dull-2381	how are you doing today	i am great ! i am sarah ! how are you today ?	how are you doing today	i am great ! i am sarah ! how are you today ?	how are you doing today
dull-2382	hello , how are you this evening ?	i m good i m playing for my next travel and adventure	hello , how are you this evening ?	i m good i m playing for my next travel and adventure	that sounds fun . i enjoy playing board games and reading biographies .	arctic and i m going to use that for my lessons in school as a teacher	i just finished school . i graduated from college .	so i switched to being interested in iceland geology teacher	oh , cool . do you have any pets ? my cat is named arizona .	nope but i do like polar beers i hunt them as food	I like that.
dull-2383	hello ! what do you do for a living ?	i am in school studying law	hello ! what do you do for a living ?	i am in school studying law	really ? so am i ! i want to be a lawyer .	i am the only child of lawyer parents . hopefully i will be successful .	where do you live while in school ? i live with my girlfriend and dog , max .	i live in texas . i have two years left . then off i go	fun ! do you have any hobbies ?	That is a great question.
dull-2384	hey hows your day going sir	hehe , i am actually a miss . it is going well , what about yourself ?	That question does not make sense to me.
dull-2385	hi , i am joanna and i like horror movies	hi there . i work on wall street as a stock broker .	hi , i am joanna and i like horror movies
dull-2386	hi . just finished plying a round of second life . what are you up to today ?	listening to hip hop music .	hi . just finished plying a round of second life . what are you up to today ?	listening to hip hop music .	very cool . i am in texas . where are you ?	i also live in texas . my father and brother also live here .	right on . i just moved to austin .	are there any good vegan restaurants there ?	i do not know . i spend to much time online with my game . i should go explore .	i spend most of my time trying to stay fit .	that is always good . i also need to do more of that .	yes , i need to go to the gym later .	i should look around cedar park for a gym .	do you listen to music at the gym ?	i will when i find one .	does your family live close to you ?	i will when i find one .
dull-2387	hello , how are you today ?	i am doing very well , trying to figure out which barbeque restaurant to have dinner .	Wow.
dull-2388	good evening , how are you doing today	i am doing pretty good . just got back from a nice long walk . you ?	good evening , how are you doing today	i am doing pretty good . just got back from a nice long walk . you ?	just got back from work at my dead end job at mcdonalds	ugh i am sorry to hear that . what do you want to do for work ?	just got back from work at my dead end job at mcdonalds
dull-2389	hello , how are you today	hi , i am wonderful and you ?	hello , how are you today	That is cool.
dull-2390	hi ! how are you tonight ?	good ! how are you doing ?	hi ! how are you tonight ?	good ! how are you doing ?	i am great ! just got home from choir practice .	welcome home . i got home awhile ago from my hair stylist job .	choir is just for fun . i am a mentor for troubled teens .	sounds like an important job . what do you do for fun ?	softball and choir take up most of my free time . you ?	That is very interesting.
dull-2391	hi , how are you today ?	That is a great question.
dull-2392	hello , how are you tonight ?	i m doing ok how are you	hello , how are you tonight ?	i m doing ok how are you	very well , thank you . watching one tree hill	how do you like that so	it is my favorite . what is yours ?	how do you like that so
dull-2393	hey there how are you ?	i am doing great ! just eating dinner .	hey there how are you ?	i am doing great ! just eating dinner .	just got my nails done in my fav color	wow , i bet they look nice .	like sports ? love the buckeyes	i love sports too ! i enjoy camping .	That is good.
dull-2394	hello how are you this day . just got out of school	i am ok , doing some cooking . a favorite past time . what are you going for ?	hello how are you this day . just got out of school	i am ok , doing some cooking . a favorite past time . what are you going for ?	i teach and travel the southern states	that is where i am from . down to the rebel country music !	i travelled to africa , spain , russia , korea , germany , bahamas ,	ok . that is nice . i knit baby hats for incubated babies . i am better .	i garden and it stretches for 100 feet . what are you better at ?	that is a very big garden you have there .	That is very interesting.
dull-2395	i love riding horses in this weather . do you have any fun hobbies ?	i enjoy barbecue , and weight lifting .	i love riding horses in this weather . do you have any fun hobbies ?	i enjoy barbecue , and weight lifting .	i used to do some weight lifting before i injured my leg .	i am very tall , it is the only thing i can comfortably do .	i injured it in college and again last year falling off a horse .	i have never ridden a horse , is it difficult ?	i injured it in college and again last year falling off a horse .
dull-2396	hi how are you today	good , how are you ? i just finished reading a new drama book	hi how are you today	good , how are you ? i just finished reading a new drama book	i am good where do you work	at a club in downtown miami . i just moved here from california	you ever worked a forklift ?	just in my video games lol what about you ?	yeah i work one every day at work	where do you work at ?	a warehouse i am large indeed	I am happy for you!
dull-2397	hey guess what ? i am a jewish boy and still enjoy jazz music .	cool ! i am jewish too ! i play pop music , i am the lead singer of bb2	hey guess what ? i am a jewish boy and still enjoy jazz music .	Let me think what I have to say about that!
dull-2398	hello . how are you tonight ? long day of advertising .	advertising ? that sounds easy . i am a social worker dealing with at risk youth .	hello . how are you tonight ? long day of advertising .	advertising ? that sounds easy . i am a social worker dealing with at risk youth .	so you do something good . i travel abroad a lot and advertise the underground city night life .	that sounds cool . these kids drive me nuts .	it is an odd job for a jewish north dakota boy to do , but yes cool .	wow ! jewish people live in north dakota ! what else do you do ?	right ? haha . i play bass in a metal band . how about you ? hobbies ?	oh cool ! i sing in a choir ! i also play softball	at least you are active ! what position ? i played outfield in high school	it helps with the work stress . i played second base . do you like to cook ?	i love to cook . i make a mean baked chicken ! haha	ooh , i love italian food , especially lasagna . do you have a favorite ?	i really like tacos but not a mexican food fan . i love chinese food	odd . you need a singer in your metal band ? the church choir bores me .	i really like tacos but not a mexican food fan . i love chinese food
dull-2399	hi there ! how are you today ?	i am very good thank you , tell me about yourself ?	hi there ! how are you today ?	i am very good thank you , tell me about yourself ?	i just completed my rn . what do you do ?	thanks cool , i am park ranger i hike in nature for my job	oh wow that is amazing . i cannot wait to get a full time nursing job !	thanks cool , i am park ranger i hike in nature for my job
dull-2400	how are you ? where are you from ? i am a male from texas , 28 years old .	okay , is this a speed dating thing ?	how are you ? where are you from ? i am a male from texas , 28 years old .	okay , is this a speed dating thing ?	no . i am just getting to know you . i spend most of my time online , chatting .	gotcha . i had to have a tail removed when i was born .	well , i am what is known as a furry , and i would love to have a tail .	do you like living that life style ?	i just got into it because my friends did . we hang out and play second life .	is that still a thing ? wow .	yeah , it is not as popular as it used to be .	that really brings back memories .	i wish they would come out with a new version . it looks very dated .	i have not been on that in years .	you are not missing too much .	is it still the same old costumes and skins ?	pretty much . but some people have gotten really creative with it .	That is great.
dull-2401	hi there how are you	hey , i am doing good . how about you ?	hi there how are you	hey , i am doing good . how about you ?	That is a good question.
dull-2402	hey there how are you today ?	i am great how are you ?	hey there how are you today ?	i am great how are you ?	like bbq ? i love bbq a lot	i do too ! what do you do for a living ? i works as a handyman .	i am really tired but i cannot quit	why so tired ? do you have a hobby ? i hunt and love restoring cars , especially classic .	i am tired from work , forklift does it to me	i understand . do you like seafood ? i do except shellfish , i break out in hives .	like scary movies ? i love them	no ! i hate them !	lol well why is that ?	well because they scare me i guess .	oh i understand that i really do	do you have any pets ?	That is a good question.
dull-2403	did you know that working at whole foods means you can ride a horse to work ? !	not really , i am studying at the university up state learning biology .	did you know that working at whole foods means you can ride a horse to work ? !	not really , i am studying at the university up state learning biology .	that is cool . hoping to go to med school ?	I don't know what you mean by that.
dull-2404	hi , what did you do today ?	hey ! a bunch of consulting for a large food service provider you ?	hi , what did you do today ?	hey ! a bunch of consulting for a large food service provider you ?	i am a nurse , my mom is also a nurse , an army nurse	oh wow i bet that is exciting .	not really , the only exciting thing about my life recently is i got a stray cat	my brother is in the army one of them anyway . you like cats ?	i love cats , i love dressing cats , i made a cat sweater , i love knitting	well that is an interesting hobby . do you listen to music ?	yes of course , i love folk music , what about you ?	I like that.
dull-2405	hey ! how are you tonight ?	i am good and you ?	hey ! how are you tonight ?	i am good and you ?	tired . just got back from my job at the research facility .	wow that is nice ! do you like old generation music ?	i do . i listen to it when i do my other gig as an artist .	when are you planning to retired ? i try to retired in the next 5 years	oh i got a way to go . being only 5 feet tall i have to work harder .	i am sorry to hear that	it is ok , i am use to it .	do you like to eat barbeque food ?	i do . i like bbq very much .	i like to bbq while i play racquetball with my kids	i do . i like bbq very much .
dull-2406	i am so short	really ? how short are you ?	i am so short	really ? how short are you ?	five foot and it stinks . i cannot reach anything !	do you have something there to help you ?	well i guess my dog pedro could help me	my girlfriend is pretty short also	i used to think my muffin intake would make me grow	muffins are good travel food , i eat them on adventures	where do you work ? is traveling your job ?	i am actually a student . i travel for fun .	that sounds very expensive . i am a healthcare adviser	how do you help your patients if your so short ?	everything is done online now	That is amazing.
dull-2407	hi do you have any hobbies ? i am a guitarist .	no , i can barely pay my monthly bills .	That is great.
dull-2408	hello , how are you today ?	i am doing very well , trying to figure out which barbeque restaurant to have dinner .	hello , how are you today ?	i am doing very well , trying to figure out which barbeque restaurant to have dinner .	oh that sounds great ! i have some muffins baking in the oven as a treat for myself .	that sounds lovely . a lady i play racquetball with makes some great muffins .	big into racquetball ? i think the only exercise i get lately is walking my dog pedro .	that sounds lovely . a lady i play racquetball with makes some great muffins .
dull-2409	hey , how are you today ?	i hate my weight from my three kids	hey , how are you today ?	i hate my weight from my three kids	i am sorry to heart that . how old are your kids ?	it sucks because they are a drain on my life	i will have to pass this info along to my brother . he just got married	you should it very hard to handle them	thanks for the warning . what do you do for enjoyment ? to relax ?	i enjoy cooking a lot its very relaxing	that is cool . i do not care much for cooking .	it is very nice you should try it	that is cool . i do not care much for cooking .
dull-2410	hello how are you today	i am well how are you	hello how are you today	i am well how are you	i am doing great . its dreary so i am watching tv .	its nice here i am on the porch cross stitching	that sounds very relaxing . is it sunny ?	yes quite beautiful today . i love doing my crafts outside	what other crafts do you like	i enjoy quilting	that sounds nice . do you go to craft shows ?	i sure do since i retired and what do you do ?	i like to write . i used to read .	That is great.
dull-2411	good afternoon , how are you today ?	i am great . i am watching one tree hill . that is my favorite show	good afternoon , how are you today ?	i am great . i am watching one tree hill . that is my favorite show
dull-2412	hello , how are you doing today ?	hi , i am ok , how are you ?	hello , how are you doing today ?	hi , i am ok , how are you ?	i am well , thank you . do you like politics ? i am republican and proud of it .	i like politics . i am conservative	you sound like my kind of person then ! what are your hobbies ? i love cooking and reading .	i like to read classics . i also like to travel to europe .	i wish i could travel . i cannot because i am a teacher .	what subject do you teach ?	i teach history . it has always fascinated me . do you have a family ?	yes , i have two children . how about you ?	i have a child and a loving spouse .	that is very good . i think families are very important !	i have a child and a loving spouse .
dull-2413	how is your day going ? i am just an old tired man	it is okay . thankfully , i did not have court today .	how is your day going ? i am just an old tired man	it is okay . thankfully , i did not have court today .	well that is good news	it is . columbus day is still celebrated here in oklahoma , even us natives must observe .	that is great , i was in the military for a long time	i was not , i raise dogs and horses	i lost one of my legs in war but i have a cool modded wheelchair	i am so sorry that happened . need an attorney ?	That is a good question.
dull-2414	good afternoon , how are you today ?	i am great . i am watching one tree hill . that is my favorite show	good afternoon , how are you today ?	i am great . i am watching one tree hill . that is my favorite show	very cool . i am watching a video of my favorite band , simple plan .	is it the video where they are wearing purple ? best color ever	i was watching the other one actually .	the one at the hospital ? i am a nurse at a pediatric one	i work at the animal shelter downtown .	i do not believe in sheltering animals . i am a catholic	sadly they need a home . we work hard to find them one .	you could make them into a pizza . i love to eat pizza so i would buy	i doubt that would go over well .	why not ? it sounds like a good plan	normally i am a crabby person but i have a soft spot for animals .	Wow.
dull-2415	i just got done working in my garden , have you been busy today ?	yeah a little i just had a manicure . i like gardens	i just got done working in my garden , have you been busy today ?	yeah a little i just had a manicure . i like gardens	i have never had a manicure . my job is in a factory , hard on the hands .	oh my , what is your name ?	emily , age 27 , one dog , 2 cats , favorite is light purple .	i like those animal , but i love horses	horses scare me . i am also afraid of bees and the water , as in swimming .	oh can you swim or are you afraid of it ?	i can barely swim because of the fear . do you like swimming ?	i do like it , but i am dieting now so i am not strong enough	should dieting make a person weak ? maybe you should see a doctor .	my diet is extreme , i want to be healthy though eventually	i hope you are careful . i love eating healthy foods from my garden .	what is your favorite one ?	tomatoes , but i also love cucumbers and melons . do you like veggies and fruit ?	Wow.
dull-2416	good morning , there is mist coming off the mountains this morning .	beautiful . my name is jordan and i am enjoying the florida sunshine	good morning , there is mist coming off the mountains this morning .	beautiful . my name is jordan and i am enjoying the florida sunshine	nice ! do you have any pets ? i have cats and dogs .	i have a cat . he likes to watch me play video games .	does he like barry manila ? my dogs love him .	I don't know what you mean by that.
dull-2417	hi this is josh . just got out of class . i am a law student .	hi josh , i am frank . i am on leave from the army .	hi this is josh . just got out of class . i am a law student .	hi josh , i am frank . i am on leave from the army .	oh . thank you for serving our country . do you have siblings . i am only child .	no siblings , my mother was not in my life . what do you like to do ?	i am so driven to be successful . i study hard and work hard .	that is a good approach . what do you do for fun ? i love karaoke !	i have never tried karaoke . i like to hike actually .	hiking is good for you ! its tough for me though cause i am colorblind .	oh is it your browns , reds and greens ?	yeah everything . i just see black and white . it has benefits though .	wow . that is a unique colorblindness . is not it ? what benefits ?	Wow, great question!
dull-2418	i collect teddy bears . do you collect anything ?	not really . i like to study , usually biology at the university .	i collect teddy bears . do you collect anything ?	not really . i like to study , usually biology at the university .	i am a nurse . i spend a lot of time in classes .	so you understand ! i love to study ! i am not much of a drinker .	i study if i have to but it is not a favorite activity of mine .	so you want to be a nurse ? i would like to be a marine biologist .	i already am a nurse .	oh ok . are you from the usa ?	yes , i live in michigan .	i am also , i live in california .	i visited there once and loved it .	it is really nice . do you like michigan ? i guess it gets cold there ?	it does but i love the summers , and fall is beautiful .	I love that.
dull-2419	hi , do you have any stickers i can have ?	no stickers . . but i have candy ! i always have candy	hi , do you have any stickers i can have ?	no stickers . . but i have candy ! i always have candy
dull-2420	hello , how are you tonight ? are you a buckeyes fan ?	hello , doing good thanks ! no i am a wildcats fan lol	hello , how are you tonight ? are you a buckeyes fan ?	hello , doing good thanks ! no i am a wildcats fan lol	hmm . lol . as long as you are not a fan of that team up north .	no i ma not . go figure i am cats fan and allergic to cats lol .	i do not like cats , i am afraid of their saliva getting on me .	agree . i live in a small town in kentucky .	i live in a small town in ohio .	so we are semi close neighbors .	seems like it . have you been to the rock hall ?	no . i enjoy crafts and this new game that i am trying to learn .	I am happy for you!
dull-2421	hello , how are you tonight ? do you like horses ?	hello i am good , and yes i do would rather have them than kids tho	hello , how are you tonight ? do you like horses ?	hello i am good , and yes i do would rather have them than kids tho	i live on a horse farm . the cowboys expect fresh veggies for dinner .	lol wow can they not cook for themselves ?	they work hard , we have over 5000 acres .	oh ok well than good thing that have you .	at times , yes . do you like john denver ?	who is that ? i am a city girl with no life	a country singer . an old one	aw i see . i model and was to act someday	that sounds interesting , are you famous ?	not really still pretty new to the scene	what have you recently done ? i watch a lot of tv at night .	not really still pretty new to the scene
dull-2422	hi , i was a geology teacher awhile ago , please tell me something interesting about you	hey there what you up too	hi , i was a geology teacher awhile ago , please tell me something interesting about you	hey there what you up too	nothing much , i just got done finishing arctic exploring , ice fishing and stuff	cool , my mom had a hard job as a army nurse	is she still working there ?	cool , my mom had a hard job as a army nurse
dull-2423	hi , do you like bbq ?	hello yes i love bbq	hi , do you like bbq ?	hello yes i love bbq	i love restaurants with bbq , they are a lot of fun .	my poor toes are so webbed	really ? afterwards , i go and play racquetball to loose some calories .	cool i like to paint	what do you do as a profession ? i work as administrative assistant	i dig in people trash for things to build	sounds unique but that is more of a hobby instead of a profession	true . i paint for a living	good thing i am going to retire in 5 years , no more working for this guy !	awesome i have about thirty more years	good thing i am going to retire in 5 years , no more working for this guy !
dull-2424	howdy how are we doing tonight i am fine what about your self ?	i am good , just hanging out	howdy how are we doing tonight i am fine what about your self ?	i am good , just hanging out	one of the foods i like is nasty sushi cool me to hang out .	i like anything blue that is why i have blue hair	love being a vegan blue hair me too that is so cool .	awesome ! ! ! i need to try a vegan lifestyle	i enjoy working out yes try it some day great for the body .	i am into cosplay . i am a pretty scrawny kid	i enjoy working out yes try it some day great for the body .
dull-2425	hello hope you are enjoying your autumn so far	hello how are you ? i currently go to college what about you ?	hello hope you are enjoying your autumn so far	hello how are you ? i currently go to college what about you ?	i went to college long ago in bora bora	that is so cool . are you single ? my girl resides with me .	i am single but live my girl and pet turtle	that is awesome . any other pets ? my pups name is max .	i have a dog and we play frisbee together	how nice . what did you go to school for ? i am going for law .	i have a dog and we play frisbee together
dull-2426	i just got back from a bike ride with my grandchildren .	that sounds lovely ! have you ever taken them to the zoo ? i love zoos !	i just got back from a bike ride with my grandchildren .	that sounds lovely ! have you ever taken them to the zoo ? i love zoos !	zoos are awesome ! i adopted my cat from the zoo	what kind of cat ? i do not have any pets .	you have to promise not to tell , having tigers is illegal	no need to worry , i am a nurse not a cop !	that is so cool . i am a nurses aide at the old folks home	no need to worry , i am a nurse not a cop !
dull-2427	hello there , how are you ?	hey i am fine how about you	Awesome!
dull-2428	hello , what animals do you have ? i have a couple of horses , 2	just 1 little maltese so easy to deal with over people	hello , what animals do you have ? i have a couple of horses , 2	just 1 little maltese so easy to deal with over people	do you live in a large or small city ? i am in large	just 1 little maltese so easy to deal with over people
dull-2429	good morning , how are you ?	i am fine how is your day ?	good morning , how are you ?	i am fine how is your day ?	great just left the gym	nice i am brainstorming today . . do you fear anything	great just left the gym
dull-2430	hey , how has your day been ?	hello it has been alright how has yours been	hey , how has your day been ?	hello it has been alright how has yours been	I see.
dull-2431	hi want to get to know each other	lets do it lets go	hi want to get to know each other	lets do it lets go	i like to sing , do you ?	i do even tho i can not at all	folk songs are my favorite . what do you do for a living ?	sew an i use to be a banker	you sew too ? i sew	what you got ? let me see	Let me think what I have to say about that!
dull-2432	hi , how are you ? what are your hopes and dreams ?	hi . well , i hope i can do more camping and hiking . you ?	hi , how are you ? what are your hopes and dreams ?	hi . well , i hope i can do more camping and hiking . you ?	i am a single lady in a new york apartment .	i am a single guy in florida .	i am more into books , movies and cooking . i would love to be a chef .	my father , who is retired and i grill steaks and burgers on the weekends .	yum ! i love any food off of the grill !	me too . my mother is in healthcare so she does not wnt to cook on the weekends .	how old are you ? i am 32 .	i am 49 at the end of this month .	i am a hopeless romantic and i want to change careers .	that sounds good . what career do you want to get into ?	i am a hopeless romantic and i want to change careers .
dull-2433	hello there , how are you ?	hey i am fine how about you	hello there , how are you ?	hey i am fine how about you	i am amazing about to start college	oh what major are you going for	anything different , maybe english history	oh i would do history its great learning new things	my parents were not around	i like barbecue and sushi	my parents were not around
dull-2434	hey there how are you ?	hi ! i am well . just tired after a big run this afternoon .	hey there how are you ?	hi ! i am well . just tired after a big run this afternoon .	how far did you run ? i like weights	i ran 5 miles . how much weight can you lift ?	i can lift about 350	that is incredible . what else do you like to do ?	i love to eat a lot , especially meat .	I love that.
dull-2435	how are things going with you ?	hard day on the job today . and you ?	how are things going with you ?	Wow, great question!
dull-2436	boy am i tired ! just got done hunting . how are you ?	hey , not bad . hunting , that is cool . do you hunt for sport or meat ?	boy am i tired ! just got done hunting . how are you ?	hey , not bad . hunting , that is cool . do you hunt for sport or meat ?	meat , not sport . i take old classic cars and make them new again for a hobby .	awesome . i love meat . i eat a high protein meat based diet .	nice ! looking to rent a property any time soon ?	not me , but maybe for my brother . are you a realtor ?	no , but i work for a company and could hook you up with a good deal .	sweet . i do not work for a company , i do bodybuilding for a living .	no wonder you eat so much meat !	indeed ! so do you have any family ?	i have a husband and 2 kids . fun fact we are all allergic to shellfish .	i see ! so besides my brother i have my mom . she is a secretary .	are you close with your family ?	I don't have a good answer to that.
dull-2437	hello , how are you tonight ?	hi i am good . how are you	hello , how are you tonight ?	hi i am good . how are you	very well , thank you . waiting to go do a little hunting in a few .	hunting would be fun , but i only have the one leg after my accident .	i am sorry to hear that . i hunt for food , my sister lives a few houses over .	gotta live , right ? ! i get way too tired way too fast	That question does not make sense to me.
dull-2438	hello ! tell me about yourself ?	i really like to stay at home at watch a movie with my darling hubby . you ?	hello ! tell me about yourself ?	i really like to stay at home at watch a movie with my darling hubby . you ?	that sounds nice ! i am a nurse who loves zoos and teddy bears .	aww do you collect teddy bears ? my sweet sweet husband buys me them	i do ! i bring them to my patients at the childrens hospital .	so nice ! do they also like ice cream ? i love it !	most of them do , yes !	cool ! so what do you do for fun ?	i go to zoos a lot and hike . i love anything green .	i hate hiking . exercise in general is not my thing	i go to zoos a lot and hike . i love anything green .
dull-2439	hello how are you today ?	hi , i am good , i just moved into a new house i bought ! you ?	hello how are you today ?	hi , i am good , i just moved into a new house i bought ! you ?	that is great . my family lives on my road .	cool dude . any plans for tonight ? i am dancing at the club , i love it .	i would go to the club but tomorrow is sunday and i always go to church .	what church do you go to ? do they have candy ? i love candy !	That is a good question.
dull-2440	hey , how are you today ? i just got home from work .	me too . i am an office secretary . what do you do ? ?	hey , how are you today ? i just got home from work .	That is very interesting.
dull-2441	hello , how are you tonight ?	how are you doing this late night let us chat .	hello , how are you tonight ?	That is a great question.
dull-2442	i pick things up and put them down . ah the life of a bodybuilder .	i am too old for that . but i try to walk a mile each day !	i pick things up and put them down . ah the life of a bodybuilder .	i am too old for that . but i try to walk a mile each day !	i have a brother bill . we go for walks sometimes .	that sounds lovely . i have a cat .	i love cats but as a doctor i am too busy for one .	i could not have one when i worked in banking . but now i have retired .	my mom is my secretary at my doctors office , we are super close .	that is so sweet ! i knit things for my children all the time	i wish i knew how to knit .	it is pretty simple , i took a class and now i am a pro !	i am making a ribeye right now . being a bodybuilder i eat alot of red meat .	you have to get that protein	yes i do . i tire out too easily if i do not .	have you always been into body building ?	That question does not make sense to me.
dull-2443	hello , how are you this evening ?	That question does not make sense to me.
dull-2444	hello . hold on , my dogs are begging for attention . how are you ?	hello , well , and you ? i love dogs ! cats i am allergic to .	hello . hold on , my dogs are begging for attention . how are you ?	hello , well , and you ? i love dogs ! cats i am allergic to .	i am allergic to everything i own . i am well , but handling a difficult client .	sorry to hear that . making crafts takes my stress away . i enjoy it .	can you craft me a client who is both rich and innocent ?	unfortunately , i cannot . i am too busy homeschooling my child .	i went to school on a reservation part time , and the rest was my mother .	very neat ! do you like to get up early ? i love it . the earlier the better !	yes . my mother used to say the sun only rose because i woke it up .	that is too cute ! mothers always know the best things to say .	yes . my mother used to say the sun only rose because i woke it up .
dull-2445	hey there how are you ? i love to eat meat .	hello , i am a sports fan .	hey there how are you ? i love to eat meat .	hello , i am a sports fan .	Awesome!
dull-2446	hi , have any plans for this sunday ?	i do i plan to skip school	hi , have any plans for this sunday ?	i do i plan to skip school	do you want to come watch football with me ?	i would love to , do they have any fashion shows on as well	only football . we can eat cheese pizza though .	that is awesome i would love to do that	i could do your hair during commercials .	i love makeovers you are now my best friend	i have some puppies also	i love makeovers you are now my best friend
dull-2447	hi there ! just finished shopping ! love it !	hello how are you today	hi there ! just finished shopping ! love it !	hello how are you today	i love clothes and models ! cant wait to get to auburn to study it !	why are you taking so long to answer ?	why are others ? sorry . i love to drive beetles .	i like to get to know new people	i know plenty in high school i am 17 .	autumn is my favorite time of the year	nice ! this is my senior year in school , so i am enjoying fall .	autumn is my favorite time of the year
dull-2448	hello i am sam how are you ?	i am scared of heights	hello i am sam how are you ?	i am scared of heights	do not blame you they are scary	you like religion ? i do not	no not at all . do you workout ?	I don't know what you mean by that.
dull-2449	hi ! do you like dogs ? i have a great dane	hey there how are you today ? yes i like dogs	hi ! do you like dogs ? i have a great dane	hey there how are you today ? yes i like dogs	awesome ! i am good . what do you like to eat ?	That is great.
dull-2450	hi , merna jean here , single and i love buying clothes . you ?	i am a middle schooler who absolutely loves pink floyd !	hi , merna jean here , single and i love buying clothes . you ?	i am a middle schooler who absolutely loves pink floyd !
dull-2451	hi how are you doing tonight i am fare .	i am wonderful just relaxing ready to begin a long work week .	hi how are you doing tonight i am fare .	i am wonderful just relaxing ready to begin a long work week .	i tend to eat fish sardines in the morning for breakfast do you ?	no i like barbecue more than fish .	yes good for you i like playing with the frisbee do you ? barbecue tasty .	i have tried it . i used my free time to lift weights . do you lift ?	That question does not make sense to me.
dull-2452	drink more water . tracy here . nice to meet you .	i drink water when i hike . my name is suzie .	drink more water . tracy here . nice to meet you .	i drink water when i hike . my name is suzie .	great ! hi sus . i love my three children and my cat named grace . you ?	i have two boys , blake and wesley .	get out ! my huband name is wesley blake . he work nights .	what a coincidence ! i am an accountant during the day .	get out ! i work during the day too ! i hate my weight .	you should take up hiking . it is beautiful in the country in ohio .	no not the kid ! i am scared of heights . cats are my friends though .	yeah , walking is pretty easy though . i like being in nature .	oh okay . you have children ? a spouse ? a dog ?	Wow, great question!
dull-2453	hello how are you ?	i am fine shopping for clothes wyd ?	hello how are you ?	i am fine shopping for clothes wyd ?	what kind of clothes ? i am just playing with ginger my golden retriever	i like jeans an boots	what is your favorite store ? i did not shop at all when i studied abroad	amazon is my favorite store , you cannot go wrong .	do you not worry about trying on clothes first ? i buy model cards from there	amazon is my favorite store , you cannot go wrong .
dull-2454	hello ! tell me about yourself ?	i really like to stay at home at watch a movie with my darling hubby . you ?	That is good.
dull-2455	good evening , how are you ?	very well , how are you ?	good evening , how are you ?	very well , how are you ?	pretty tired . teaching all day will do that to you .	i bet ! my children are grown . i have 3 and 6 grandchildren .	wow ! my wife and i still have a couple kids in the nest	ah . how about pets ? i have 3 one cat and two dogs .	wow ! my wife and i still have a couple kids in the nest
dull-2456	hi there , how are you doing today ?	Let me think what I have to say about that!
dull-2457	good evening , how are you	i great just got a gig to play this weekend	good evening , how are you	i great just got a gig to play this weekend	good evening , how are you
dull-2458	hi how are you today	i am fine i am worry as next month i have to pay loan .	hi how are you today	i am fine i am worry as next month i have to pay loan .	you just have to work it off bit by bit	i do not have a job	sorry to hear that , steal stuff then	what do you mean by this ?	steal things and sell them for money	lol no i will not do this . it is illegal	i suppose . i am just a kid though so i have bad ideas	haha yes you do have bad ideas	do you think being trans is weird ?	i hate this thing and i am against this . do you want to be ?	I don't have a good answer to that.
dull-2459	happy monday . we went to church yesterday	oh nice . i am at work right now . i am a teacher .	happy monday . we went to church yesterday	oh nice . i am at work right now . i am a teacher .
dull-2460	hi , i love shrimp but cannot touch the shells and a handyman who fix cars .	hello i just became a father . it my first child i am so excited .	hi , i love shrimp but cannot touch the shells and a handyman who fix cars .	hello i just became a father . it my first child i am so excited .	congratulations ! the 1978 buick lesabre was a classic . you hunt ? i do .	i use to . i went to school overseas for year .	wow ! overseas ? i am a property manager . your going to be a good father . you sing ?	i do not sign but i love collecting model cars	that is great ! i hunt quail with my ex , doug . you need an apartment ?	no apartment . i have a do named ginger she is a golden retriever	oh okay . you have shellfish allergies ? i do .	no allergies . my favorite movie is titanic , i watched it ten times .	again ! did ginger the do die or was she just slow ?	no allergies . my favorite movie is titanic , i watched it ten times .
dull-2461	how are things going with you ?	hard day on the job today . and you ?	how are things going with you ?	hard day on the job today . and you ?	just got in from the karaoke bar . it was necessary to de stress .	That is very interesting.
dull-2462	hello , how are you today ?	great ! how are you ?	That is great.
dull-2463	hi how are you today ?	great , getting ready for midterms . you ?	hi how are you today ?	Awesome!
dull-2464	hello , how are you tonight ?	doing well , just listening to some bach . yourself ?	hello , how are you tonight ?	I am very happy to hear that.
dull-2465	hi , how are you ?	That is a great question.
dull-2466	hello there , what is up ?	not too much . i just got done working out at the gym .	hello there , what is up ?	not too much . i just got done working out at the gym .	oh neat ! how motivating . i just got back from a wedding	that is fun ! whose wedding did you go to ?	it was my brother ! crazy . so what hobbies do you enjoy	not much . i work at a hospital so i do not have much time .	it was my brother ! crazy . so what hobbies do you enjoy
dull-2467	hi there . i am a hair dresser . want to chat ?	hi , sure if you stop cutting womens hair so short	hi there . i am a hair dresser . want to chat ?	hi , sure if you stop cutting womens hair so short	but i am so used to cutting hair short , i give my three dogs buzz cuts .	i am a chef and i can cook good but i am not happy about my weight .	oh a chef can you make me a cheese pizza ? i am starving !	That is a good question.
dull-2468	hi , merna jean here , single and i love buying clothes . you ?	i am a middle schooler who absolutely loves pink floyd !	hi , merna jean here , single and i love buying clothes . you ?	i am a middle schooler who absolutely loves pink floyd !	I am very happy to hear that.
dull-2469	hi there , how are you tonight ?	great , i just finished a huge steak how are you ?	hi there , how are you tonight ?	great , i just finished a huge steak how are you ?	i am good , drinking some scotch .	i am major meat eater to build muscles	oh , i like meat ok .	scotch goes good with meat	scotch goes good with anything lol .	i have a brother who likes scotch	i am an only child .	i have a brother who likes scotch
dull-2470	hi how are you doing	i am well . how about you ?	hi how are you doing
dull-2471	how are you doing today ?	i am good . this is great , i love making new friends !	how are you doing today ?	i am good . this is great , i love making new friends !	well its a pleasure to meet you , i enjoy playing video games , you ?	actually i love ultimate frisbee ! it is my favorite . do you have pets ?	yes , i am a veterinarian , i have dog and cat	my turtle is my best friend . his name is timothy . how about your family ?	its just me and my cat and dog , you should bring timothy to see me	i love autumn being here . i love fall . my parents moved because of the seasons !	this is my fav time of the year , i read drama books , what you do for fun	just frisbee . when i can i travel to bora bora . that is where they moved	o okay cool cool , how old are you	not old enough to meet new friends !	you sound young , that is why i was asking	not old enough to meet new friends !
dull-2472	its fall ! finally time for the snow to come ! !	i am from australia so i lobe a good snowfall	its fall ! finally time for the snow to come ! !	i am from australia so i lobe a good snowfall	i love australia . i went there to see metallica once ! !	cool but i live in the usa . what city are you in ?	i am was born in wisconsin but moved at 17 to oklahoma	i am in miami , i love america	its incredible right ? i am a manger consultant so growing this country is awesome	your job sound s interesting	it is interesting . new people want to run their business better and i help	your job sound s interesting
dull-2473	good morning , how are you today ?	i am fine thank you how is your day going ?	Awesome!
dull-2474	hey there . how are you ?	hey there . i am fine . what about you ?	hey there . how are you ?	That is amazing.
dull-2475	hi how are you doing tonight i am fare .	i am wonderful just relaxing ready to begin a long work week .	hi how are you doing tonight i am fare .	i am wonderful just relaxing ready to begin a long work week .	i tend to eat fish sardines in the morning for breakfast do you ?	i am wonderful just relaxing ready to begin a long work week .
dull-2476	hello , how are you today ? doing the same thing as yesterday	hi ! i am doing just great ! what do you do ?	hello , how are you today ? doing the same thing as yesterday	hi ! i am doing just great ! what do you do ?	i am a tattoo artist , been doing that forever and a day . haha	that is awesome i am an aspiring actress . where do you live ?	i live in wisconsin . an actress huh ? that is pretty cool	yes mum ws mad when i told her i wanted to move to new york lol	me and my pops do not get a long , you still talk to her ?	that is a shame . we still talk i am her baby girl	at least you have that then . i tour a lot so we fell apart	have you ever tatooed a famous person ?	Let me think what I have to say about that!
dull-2477	good morning how are you	tired after driving my truck for delivery . on the road for 19 hours .	good morning how are you	tired after driving my truck for delivery . on the road for 19 hours .	you know what would make your day feel shorter ? some good oldies music	i like music but love mystery books more . have any children ?	i have no children , that is why i am able to retire so soon	we are a family of 9 . husband , me and the children .	that is great . i like to play racquetball , do you play ?	never played . sounds fun . i like the ocean and anything blue .	and i love to try barbecue restaurants	me too . i really like farms . my family had a really big one .	wow that is amazing , i will be retiring in five years	good for you . i will be driving for years to pay for those 7 kids .	but the kids are worth it ?	Let me think what I have to say about that!
dull-2478	hello , how are you today ? doing the same thing as yesterday	hi ! i am doing just great ! what do you do ?	hello , how are you today ? doing the same thing as yesterday	hi ! i am doing just great ! what do you do ?	i am a tattoo artist , been doing that forever and a day . haha	that is awesome i am an aspiring actress . where do you live ?	i am a tattoo artist , been doing that forever and a day . haha
dull-2479	hi how are you today	hi how are you doing my friend i am okay thank you .	hi how are you today	hi how are you doing my friend i am okay thank you .	good to hear where do you live	i am employed at pet smart working with pets and selling products .	that is nice i like to hike	i love working as a musician too i live in new jersey .	nice do you ever go hiking ?	cool hiking is fun . no i do not hike . i am a runner i love to run .	do you have any children then ?	yes my most liked music band is nirvana , what is yours ?	That is a good question.
dull-2480	hi how are you ? i feel woozy . someone must have spiked my iced tea	sorry to hear that . i feel great just finished working out .	hi how are you ? i feel woozy . someone must have spiked my iced tea	sorry to hear that . i feel great just finished working out .	i would rather do computer coding than work out . maybe i should change	i exercise daily and ride my horses . do you ride ?	no . i like country music festivals , and strumming country songs on my guitar	i am into horses , not much on computers , i grew up on a ranch .	i plan to spend my early twenties on a ranch .	i am into horses , not much on computers , i grew up on a ranch .
dull-2481	good evening , what are you doing tonight ?	hi . how are you ? i just got in from working on my car .	good evening , what are you doing tonight ?	hi . how are you ? i just got in from working on my car .	a real man , just like the ones i read and watch in my romance books and movies	I like that.
dull-2482	hi there . i am lucy . what is your name ?	my name is jason . how are you ?	hi there . i am lucy . what is your name ?	my name is jason . how are you ?	i am doing well . i just got off work i am a secretary at my office .	oh i see . i am a single female , 32 , i do the same job .	i am single too . i graduated college a year ago . i played soccer there .	what position ? i played soccer in high school , i want to cook for a living	i was a goalie . they were strict about our diet . it sucked because i love candy .	ah . i like candy too . a lot .	that is why i love halloween so much .	halloween is the best . only holiday relatives do not fight . .	very true . unless they are fighting over candy .	haha . yeah , that is true . do you read ? i like romance books	i like romance books if they have fantasy elements like outlander .	I love that.
dull-2483	hey , how are you today ?	That is a good question.
dull-2484	hello . how are you tonight ? long day of advertising .	advertising ? that sounds easy . i am a social worker dealing with at risk youth .	hello . how are you tonight ? long day of advertising .	advertising ? that sounds easy . i am a social worker dealing with at risk youth .	so you do something good . i travel abroad a lot and advertise the underground city night life .	that sounds cool . these kids drive me nuts .	it is an odd job for a jewish north dakota boy to do , but yes cool .	wow ! jewish people live in north dakota ! what else do you do ?	right ? haha . i play bass in a metal band . how about you ? hobbies ?	oh cool ! i sing in a choir ! i also play softball	at least you are active ! what position ? i played outfield in high school	it helps with the work stress . i played second base . do you like to cook ?	i love to cook . i make a mean baked chicken ! haha	ooh , i love italian food , especially lasagna . do you have a favorite ?	i really like tacos but not a mexican food fan . i love chinese food	Nice!
dull-2485	i just became a dad for the first time !	i love some luke bryant how about you ?	i just became a dad for the first time !	i love some luke bryant how about you ?	i am not sure who that is , my favorite media is the movie titanic .	he is a country star , ice tea and chilling on the porch	do you have a family ?	yes still young trying hoping to make my own soon	having a kid is a big step up from having only ginger my golden retriever .	lol i bet , well my baby right now is my computer	will you go to school for computers . i studied abroad .	i do some coding you know , i do web design . awesome	do you have any pets ?	where abroad ? i am from canada	That is great.
dull-2486	hello , how are you today ?	i am pretty good ! glad work is over . how are you ?	hello , how are you today ?	i am pretty good ! glad work is over . how are you ?	i am ok . what do you do for work ?	my company rents out properties . what do you do ?	well i have a degree in computer science . so that takes me different places .	that is a great degree to have nowadays .	my mother , a doctor , pushed me into it .	are you glad you went for it , or would have rather pursued something else ?	i can work alone , which is great because i am incredibly shy . works out	i am glad . do you have any hobbies ?	I don't have a good answer to that.
dull-2487	hello , how are you today ?	I don't have a good answer to that.
dull-2488	hey i am jordan and i am a veterinarian . how are you doing today ?	i am joe and a pro skater	hey i am jordan and i am a veterinarian . how are you doing today ?	i am joe and a pro skater	oh nice . where are you from ? i am from cali but i am now in florida	i live in fl also . i used to work for hollister back in school	That is good.
dull-2489	hi , i am jack . how are you doing today ?	hi jack ! i am dave and i am doing good today . how are you doing ?	hi , i am jack . how are you doing today ?	hi jack ! i am dave and i am doing good today . how are you doing ?	very good , just finished a book . i read most nights before bed .	what book did you finish reading ?	american assassin . they actually just made a movie based on it . you like to read ?	i read sometimes not often enough . i have heard of the movie though .	you like to cook . i am actually a bit of an amatuer chef .	i read sometimes not often enough . i have heard of the movie though .
dull-2490	hi , how are you tonight ?	doing pretty good . spent most the night at church . you ?	hi , how are you tonight ?	doing pretty good . spent most the night at church . you ?	i was home knitting things for kids in the hospital	well that is just too sweet . how did you get involved in that ?	i am disabled so i can not work but wanted to do something meaningful	that is such a touching story . most people would not be as generous as you .	i like to think it is still good people . what do you do ?	me too ! i help build houses . it is a family business .	awesome ! ! ! i would love a wheelchair accessible house	really ? i have built a couple of those myself . not difficult at all !	i love to cook so i would like a lower countertop and stove	those actually are not too hard to accommodate for and can be cost effective sometimes .	you make it sound so simple lol	it is what i do every day . except sundays . that day is for the lord .	absolutely . the lord deserves his time .	i agree . things would be a lot better in this country if people put god first .	yes . god is able to do great things for people who have faith .	i agree . things would be a lot better in this country if people put god first .
dull-2491	hey , whats going on with you	just on my daily walk . favorite part of my day . you ?	hey , whats going on with you	just on my daily walk . favorite part of my day . you ?	just got my nails done a few minutes ago	how nice ! how do they look ?	long black stiletto shaped with holo glitter	i do not get my nails done often . hard to tend to my garden with them .	i understand , gardening gloves help a lot with it	what a good idea . thank you !	no problem , what do you grow in your garden ?	That question does not make sense to me.
dull-2492	hello , how are you today ?	great ! how are you ?	hello , how are you today ?	great ! how are you ?	Let me think what I have to say about that!
dull-2493	good evening , what are you doing tonight ?	hi . how are you ? i just got in from working on my car .	good evening , what are you doing tonight ?	hi . how are you ? i just got in from working on my car .	a real man , just like the ones i read and watch in my romance books and movies	I am very happy to hear that.
dull-2494	hi there , how are you today ?	hey i am good how about yourself	hi there , how are you today ?	hey i am good how about yourself	good , just tired from my classes .	i know the feeling i am to	what are you taking classes for ?	Let me think what I have to say about that!
dull-2495	hey whats up ? i just got home from the gym .	That is a great question.
dull-2496	hi how are you today	i am great , how are you ?	hi how are you today	i am great , how are you ?	pretty good do you work	i am in publishing , heading to nyc next year for my job	do you get your nails done ?	i do , i keep them short though because i skate	are you a pro skater then	i do , i keep them short though because i skate
dull-2497	hello i love living in new york	hello , do they have great italian restaurants like they do in italy there ?	hello i love living in new york	hello , do they have great italian restaurants like they do in italy there ?	yes and i love to eat	i love to travel , i am hoping to take my dog with me to europe .	i love music and dislike sweets	i love tiramisu . it is one of lifes greatest pleasures .	yes it is . being a jew i enjoy it	have you made a pilgrimage to israel ? i went and it was lovely .	no i have not . i do not have much times these days	you really should go . there is so much to see .	i will have to make a date to go soon	you should . you are supposed to at least one , right ?	yes and i will . i just watch so much tv	That is great.
dull-2498	hello , i love fashion and hope to be a doctor one day . you ?	hello , i am an accountant from ohio . i have two boys and i am single .	hello , i love fashion and hope to be a doctor one day . you ?	hello , i am an accountant from ohio . i have two boys and i am single .	student , male , divorced , ex named doug . i own a beetle .	oh a beetle how cool . i have a boring honda civic . what are your hobbies ?	wow ! i make book covers in my free time . i am published also .	how amazing ! i love to go hiking . what books have you written ?	angel investor and if i can help someone are my recent books . hiking huh ?	very cool ! yes , i love to hike you get some beautiful views !	you are right ! if you take pictures you can sell them online . i love clothes .	i never thought of that . i love clothes as well .	i will attend au next year . i continue to write while studying medicine .	i never thought of that . i love clothes as well .
dull-2499	hello how are you ?	i am fine shopping for clothes wyd ?	hello how are you ?	i am fine shopping for clothes wyd ?	what kind of clothes ? i am just playing with ginger my golden retriever	i like jeans an boots	what is your favorite store ? i did not shop at all when i studied abroad	amazon is my favorite store , you cannot go wrong .	do you not worry about trying on clothes first ? i buy model cards from there	no i pick pretty well trust me	do you have any kids ? i just had my first daughter	no i pick pretty well trust me
dull-2500	hello there ! how are you ?	i am doing well . i am taking a break at work i am a factory worker .	hello there ! how are you ?	i am doing well . i am taking a break at work i am a factory worker .	i am playing a video game at the moment . how long is your break ?	about 30 minutes . i like football video games . my favorite team is the buckeyes .	i like playing final fantasy .	i played the two on super nes when i was younger . do you exercise ?	i dance a lot ! that is my exercise !	my friend wants me to go swimming at the gym pool , but i am scared of water .	i would help you if i could , but i am too shy .	the only person that can help me is me . do you have other hobbies ?	you are right . i like programming . i have a degree in computer science . you ?	i am passionate about gardening . i am growing a bunch of vegetables .	That is great.
dull-2501	hello , how are you today ? doing the same thing as yesterday	hi ! i am doing just great ! what do you do ?	hello , how are you today ? doing the same thing as yesterday	hi ! i am doing just great ! what do you do ?	i am a tattoo artist , been doing that forever and a day . haha	that is awesome i am an aspiring actress . where do you live ?	i live in wisconsin . an actress huh ? that is pretty cool	yes mum ws mad when i told her i wanted to move to new york lol	me and my pops do not get a long , you still talk to her ?	that is a shame . we still talk i am her baby girl	at least you have that then . i tour a lot so we fell apart	have you ever tatooed a famous person ?	i tattooed jesse james once , and a few nba stars	that is so cool . right now i am model	oh yeah ? i do not think i look good enough to be a model	haha you are funny comedian	lol ! i would probably get paid more if so !	haha you are funny comedian
dull-2502	hey , how are you today ?	i hate my weight from my three kids	hey , how are you today ?	i hate my weight from my three kids	i am sorry to heart that . how old are your kids ?	it sucks because they are a drain on my life	i will have to pass this info along to my brother . he just got married	you should it very hard to handle them	thanks for the warning . what do you do for enjoyment ? to relax ?	you should it very hard to handle them
dull-2503	hi how are you today	i am fine what about you ?	Wow, great question!
dull-2504	hello i am a real estate agent in canada where are you ?	hi there i teach biology college	hello i am a real estate agent in canada where are you ?	hi there i teach biology college	Awesome!
dull-2505	hello , how are you tonight ?	hi i am good . how are you	hello , how are you tonight ?	hi i am good . how are you	very well , thank you . waiting to go do a little hunting in a few .	hunting would be fun , but i only have the one leg after my accident .	i am sorry to hear that . i hunt for food , my sister lives a few houses over .	gotta live , right ? ! i get way too tired way too fast	we hike a lot , and then go to church on sunday . do you attend ?	i do . being an older guy , i keep my faith in god strong	that is how my daddy raised me as well .	good to hear others still have faith .	that is how my daddy raised me as well .
dull-2506	hello , how are you this afternoon ?	good , i just working while chatting , and you ?	hello , how are you this afternoon ?	That is a good question.
dull-2507	yo hows it hanging tonight	its going well . just got done with a singing gig . you ?	yo hows it hanging tonight	its going well . just got done with a singing gig . you ?	yo hows it hanging tonight
dull-2508	hello , i am a sports nut , just love soccer , and you ?	i like playing sports like racquetball , but not watching so much .	hello , i am a sports nut , just love soccer , and you ?	i like playing sports like racquetball , but not watching so much .	i am a tv sports addict , unfortunately my fiancee hates sports . could be a problem .	my fiance is into hard rock , i like oldies , but we make it work .	i was the high school jock who did everything , then no sports in college .	they played in the school band . do you play any instruments ?	nope , neurosurgeon , no music , i focused on school so i could graduate with honors .	i should have ! i slacked off ended up being a administrative assistant . do you have kids ?	i like to polka , its fun and my fiancee and i get lots of exercise .	i am going to have a polka band play when i retire in 5 years !	sounds like fun , i will come dance when you play music .	tell me more about yourself so i can recognize you there !	red hair , glasses . my fiancee is a beauty , she is with me for my money .	lol . . . you are a interesting person , it has been nice to meet you !	red hair , glasses . my fiancee is a beauty , she is with me for my money .
dull-2509	how are you tonight ? did you go to college ?	i am good . i prefer artistic endeavors to scholarly ones . you ?	how are you tonight ? did you go to college ?	i am good . i prefer artistic endeavors to scholarly ones . you ?	well , my job is stagnant so i am considering school . what do you do ?	Wow.
dull-2510	hi ! do you like dogs ? i have a great dane	hey there how are you today ? yes i like dogs	hi ! do you like dogs ? i have a great dane	hey there how are you today ? yes i like dogs	awesome ! i am good . what do you like to eat ?	i like to eat vegetables an beans	i really enjoy italian food . i hope to visit italy someday	i like to eat vegetables an beans
dull-2511	did you know that working at whole foods means you can ride a horse to work ? !	not really , i am studying at the university up state learning biology .	did you know that working at whole foods means you can ride a horse to work ? !	not really , i am studying at the university up state learning biology .	that is cool . hoping to go to med school ?	marine biology actually , still a student but i do not party .	neither do i . instead i paint in my spare time . often times it is a city landscape	marine biology actually , still a student but i do not party .
dull-2512	hello , how are you ? do you play poke ?	hi . i am doing great thanks for asking . i do play poker sometimes .	hello , how are you ? do you play poke ?	hi . i am doing great thanks for asking . i do play poker sometimes .	it is so relaxing , i am stressed from college . running does not always help relieve it .	sorry to hear . i walk a lot since i hike in the nature . do you hike ?	i do , i turn up ed sheeran on my ipod and go to my favorite waterfall .	do you know how to draw ? i do not . i want to learn how .	i do not . my niece , 14 , is a great artist already .	that is cool . do you like reading ? i do . mainly a lot of poetry .	i do , i read a lot as i am going to school for teaching .	how about collections do you have one ? mine is weird stickers .	seashells and beach glass . also , driftwood .	nice ! do you like to try different foods ? i will try at least once .	i do ! i recently tried lobster and squid . i loved both .	that is great , i love seafood myself . what is your favorite drink ?	i love coke . i do not drink alcohol	I am very happy to hear that.
dull-2513	hello , how are you today ?	i am pretty good ! glad work is over . how are you ?	hello , how are you today ?	i am pretty good ! glad work is over . how are you ?	i am ok . what do you do for work ?	my company rents out properties . what do you do ?	well i have a degree in computer science . so that takes me different places .	that is a great degree to have nowadays .	my mother , a doctor , pushed me into it .	are you glad you went for it , or would have rather pursued something else ?	my mother , a doctor , pushed me into it .
dull-2514	hello , how are you , how is day ?	pretty good thanks and you ?	I don't know what you mean by that.
dull-2515	hello , what is the best hotel in your town ?	do not know hotels here howdy how are you doing i am fine	hello , what is the best hotel in your town ?	do not know hotels here howdy how are you doing i am fine	okay , which place can be good for a couple in this town ?	i am not married to my boyfriend no kids from him .	why are you still new lovers ?	i am disabled and i stay home to much no new lovers not old either .	did you get an accident or since your birth you were disabled ?	my dad passed away while i was still young miss him .	sorry . do you have your mum ?	no i worked for some time and then i became disabled but i am okay .	you mean you lost both parents ?	yes she lives in florida and i am in new jersey .	good and do you know about jesus ?	no my mom is living i am scared of spiders including snakes are you ?	Wow, great question!
dull-2516	hello , how are you feeling today ?	hello i am feeling alright how about yourself ?	Let me think what I have to say about that!
dull-2517	good evening ! how are you	i am good i am eating pizza which is the best food	good evening ! how are you	i am good i am eating pizza which is the best food	that sounds yummy . i am getting ready for bed	i am also i have a big family 6 sisters and one brother	i do not have any family . just my new cat	i work for my moms restaurant part time what do you do ?	i make clothing , i make all my own clothes and also sell some	cool i wish i could do that . i stutter when i get excited with things	you should try singing . i sing folk music .	good idea . i like to read romances about paranormal things	that is a very specific interest	do you like to watch movies ?	not really . i like listening to music more	Awesome!
dull-2518	hello there my new friend	hello , what have you been doing ?	hello there my new friend	hello , what have you been doing ?	That is a great question.
dull-2519	how are you tonight ? did you go to college ?	i am good . i prefer artistic endeavors to scholarly ones . you ?	I don't have a good answer to that.
dull-2520	hi , what is up with you today ?	hi there ! the lord of the rings ! i am a huge binge watcher	hi , what is up with you today ?	That question does not make sense to me.
dull-2521	hello , how are you today ?	hi , my mother and i own a restaurant . you like pizza ?	hello , how are you today ?	hi , my mother and i own a restaurant . you like pizza ?	That is great.
dull-2522	hello , how are you feeling today ?	hello i am feeling alright how about yourself ?	hello , how are you feeling today ?	hello i am feeling alright how about yourself ?	good , i am just coding web designs , something i very much enjoy .	hello i am feeling alright how about yourself ?	my family and i are originally from canada . where are you from ?	wow that sounds interesting i just got done closing on my new home .	i am in my young adult years , i am not ready to buy a home .	this is my first one it was an interesting process	well congrats on your home ! what are your hobbies ?	well i run my a dog obedience school so that is where most of time is spent	sounds cool . i am thirsty . i wish i had some iced tea , my favorite drink .	i love sweet tea but then again i like anything with sugar	sounds cool . i am thirsty . i wish i had some iced tea , my favorite drink .
dull-2523	hey how are you tonight ?	hi , i am good , you ?	hey how are you tonight ?	hi , i am good , you ?	good ! just studying for college classes	awesome , i did a lot of those classes , now i am a nurse	wow ! inspiring ! i am 22 so i am not sure what i want to be yet .	22 ? i started volunteering at the red cross at that age , still do	yes ! i should , but i spend most of my time hanging out with friends	oh fun , i just added another teddy bear to my collection !	aw how cute ! what genre is your favorite music ? mine is rap .	i like the band radiohead a lot , green is my favorite color	that is awesome , do you play sports ? i love them !	i like the band radiohead a lot , green is my favorite color
dull-2524	hi there ! just finished shopping ! love it !	hello how are you today	hi there ! just finished shopping ! love it !	hello how are you today	i love clothes and models ! cant wait to get to auburn to study it !	why are you taking so long to answer ?	why are others ? sorry . i love to drive beetles .	i like to get to know new people	i know plenty in high school i am 17 .	autumn is my favorite time of the year	nice ! this is my senior year in school , so i am enjoying fall .	that is great . i like to play ultimate frisbee	that took a while . i was going through my new clothes .	my parents do not live with me and i am sad .	taking you a while . do you play frisbee with your dog ?	Wow, great question!
dull-2525	hello . do you like animals ?	i love all cute things ! babies are on the top of my list now	hello . do you like animals ?	i love all cute things ! babies are on the top of my list now	Awesome!
dull-2526	hello how are you today	tired from working the night shift . i like nursing , but it is tiring .	hello how are you today	tired from working the night shift . i like nursing , but it is tiring .	nursing is an honorable profession	what do you do for a living ? i been a nurse a long time .	i am heavy into fitness although i am rather large .	any other hobbies ? i like to cook .	what is your favorite dish to cook	i adore anything with onions . do you eat healthy ?	yes , i attempt to eat healthy but i have my moments	do you have family ? i do not get along with dad .	i swim everyday because i am located by the sea .	where do you live ? i work in the city .	I don't have a good answer to that.
dull-2527	hi , how are you doing today ?	i am tired . i went for a run . how are you ?	hi , how are you doing today ?	i am tired . i went for a run . how are you ?	i remember running . used to be great exercise .	yeah . as a musician i try to stay in shape for my image	i used to play the guitar back in my day . what do you play ?	i also play the guitar . i sing as well	what kind of music ? good old country western ?	actually yes . who is your favorite band ?	little big town . who do you like ?	i love nirvana a lot	great choice . they make great music videos .	yeah . what do you do for a living ?	lost my leg in the army a few years back . i just collect a check these days .	my dad wants me to be a police officer like him , but i like pet smart .	pets are awesome . which animal do you like best ?	my dad wants me to be a police officer like him , but i like pet smart .
dull-2528	hello ! ! i like to make clothes ! !	greetings ! i enjoy camping and hiking in the wilderness	hello ! ! i like to make clothes ! !	greetings ! i enjoy camping and hiking in the wilderness	i love the outdoors ! the weather is crazy this year !	the best part , is the feast of a wild boar .	do you know how to cook ?	yea , amongst other things , i installed a loud stereo in my truck .	i love animals ! i adopted a cat .	at my moms healthcare job , they as well have an adopted cat .	my mother was a nurse in the army	did she like the healthcare field ?	my mother was a nurse in the army
dull-2529	hi here i am in sunny california . where do you live ?	i live in florida but my family is from toronto	hi here i am in sunny california . where do you live ?	i live in florida but my family is from toronto	oh i see . moving to the east coast next year to the big apple .	cool . how old are you ?	now i am 23 and acting is my profession . also do a little runway modeling .	nice . i am 16 and i would like to be in the army	what do you do for fun ? in california most do surfing .	nice . i am 16 and i would like to be in the army
dull-2530	hello how are you today ?	i am doing well . glad that monday is done and over with . how are you ?	hello how are you today ?	i am doing well . glad that monday is done and over with . how are you ?	good what kind of music do you like ? i am really into music myself !	i really like pop and rock music . how about you ?	i like pink floyd but other kids my age not not into them .	i am sure there are kids your age who likes pink floyd	i like pink floyd but other kids my age not not into them .
dull-2531	hey ! how are you ? i am so excited that i just graduated from rn school .	hello . congratulations ! do you have any pets ?	hey ! how are you ? i am so excited that i just graduated from rn school .	hello . congratulations ! do you have any pets ?	no . i do not have any pets but i have a sister .	my cats are named sam and max . my dog is named sue	oh that cool you have 2 pets . do you have any siblings ?	no siblings . i spend my spare time exercising and writing diet cookbooks .	oh ! well , i am really close with my sister .	that is a good thing . since i do not have close family i like to read plays .	in my spare time when i am not with her , i like to shop for clothes .	that is a good thing . since i do not have close family i like to read plays .
dull-2532	happy monday . we went to church yesterday	oh nice . i am at work right now . i am a teacher .	happy monday . we went to church yesterday	oh nice . i am at work right now . i am a teacher .	teaching is great . my family lives right around the corner from me .	i live with my husband and kids . what do you do for fun ?	we love to go hunting together . i typically drive my ford truck	cool . i like to cook and read books .	reading is relaxing . we are quite conservative	conservative is good . what else do you like to do ?	That question does not make sense to me.
dull-2533	hello , how are you today ?	great ! how are you ?	hello , how are you today ?	great ! how are you ?	i am doing well ! listening to tim mcgraw . he is my favorite singer .	heart is my favorite band , but i like some country too .	what do you do for a living ?	i am a mom to three kids so whatever i need to . you	i am an olympic medal bodybuilder and i blog about rabbit rescues .	my girls want a pet rabbit soon , any advice ?	have a sturdy cage and always make sure they have food and water .	how did you start body building ? that is quite impressive too	teddy roosevelt did it , and he is my idol . who is your idol ?	anne or nancy wilson . strong women all the way !	my sister likes them . i live with her . she helps me with my disability .	anne or nancy wilson . strong women all the way !
dull-2534	i just ran around when it s about paranormal	whoa ! that is freaky ! how is that done ?	i just ran around when it s about paranormal	whoa ! that is freaky ! how is that done ?	oh it s because of those novels paranormal mall i ve read	you like books huh ? i actually sell paranormal books ?	yeah i might probably visit but i work very busy at my moms restaurant part time	sweet . maybe you can trade food for books . do you cater to omnivores ?	this makes me excited and i m a musically stuttering only pizza	you sound very interesting ! do you need a graphic designer ? its my hobby .	i just need pizza on my favorites	That is good.
dull-2535	hey how are you today	hi ! i am doing well how are you ?	hey how are you today	hi ! i am doing well how are you ?	i am doing great ! just brought my newborn son home .	congratulations ! have you had to take time off work ?	yeah he is our first child so i took off to help adjust with him and our puppy	that is great that you have a job that you can do that !	yeah he is our first child so i took off to help adjust with him and our puppy
dull-2536	good evening . my name is elisa how are you ?	i am well ! my name is karen . what are you up to this evening ?	good evening . my name is elisa how are you ?	i am well ! my name is karen . what are you up to this evening ?	I am very happy to hear that.
dull-2537	hi ! i love to party and jam to metallica . what are your hobbies ?	i enjoy spending time with my 3 girls not my ex though	hi ! i love to party and jam to metallica . what are your hobbies ?	i enjoy spending time with my 3 girls not my ex though	Awesome!
dull-2538	hi , what did you do today ?	hey ! a bunch of consulting for a large food service provider you ?	hi , what did you do today ?	That is a good question.
dull-2539	hi . how is your day going ?	great , just got home from work . how are you ?	hi . how is your day going ?	great , just got home from work . how are you ?	not bad . the teens at the shelter were great today . what is your profession ?	i work at a help desk . so you work with homeless teens ?	yep . i am a mentor of sorts . thinking of cooking . you had supper ?	i did , i eat dinner while watching the news . what are you cooking ?	italian food . chicken alfredo . sigh .	is that not your favorite food ?	yep . what is your favorite food ?	i like to eat chinese and italian	i met my husband at taekwondo class . he is chinese .	oh how fun ! do you have children or pets ?	no . not yet . do you have family or pets ?	I don't have a good answer to that.
dull-2540	hey there . i am a student who needs money	i am a nurse , caring for people is what i love to do	hey there . i am a student who needs money	i am a nurse , caring for people is what i love to do	oh that is sounds exciting . i am studying to be a marine biologist	i enjoy riding my bike with my 2 dogs	oh that is cool . wanna go to a party ?	that is great , all 3 of my grandchildren are adults now	oh damn you must be super old	i would love to go to a party , what time we leaving	sike i am a student i do not party . plus you old	no i am 24 , i had kids at 5 years old	what the hell . i am gonna call somebody to take care of you	lol , my 2 grown grandkids can help	that is weird sir . you gotta stop coming to these college student scenes	why ? but you guys are so much fun	you might get hurt with all the booty shaking going on	That is cool.
dull-2541	hi how are you ? i feel woozy . someone must have spiked my iced tea	sorry to hear that . i feel great just finished working out .	hi how are you ? i feel woozy . someone must have spiked my iced tea	sorry to hear that . i feel great just finished working out .	i would rather do computer coding than work out . maybe i should change	i exercise daily and ride my horses . do you ride ?	no . i like country music festivals , and strumming country songs on my guitar	i am into horses , not much on computers , i grew up on a ranch .	i plan to spend my early twenties on a ranch .	cool , i like music by john denver , we ranchers like the country stuff .	true . maybe i will build a website for country music fans . kind of like spotify	computer novice here , but i garden ? i use my garden vegetables in my cooking .	i have always wanted to do that . it seems to becoming a trend	you sound very smart . i am a simple country girl who likes gardening and horses .	i like the simple life too . iced tea and country music , and i am in heaven	i like to grow organic and fix meals for my family . do you cook ?	yes . i am just learning . i have set off my smoke alarm trying to do wok cooking	That is cool.
dull-2542	hi how are you ? i feel woozy . someone must have spiked my iced tea	sorry to hear that . i feel great just finished working out .	I see.
dull-2543	hey there how are you ?	i write books , cookbooks about diet	hey there how are you ?	i write books , cookbooks about diet	i am always tired but i am a old man	i am fine , i also have a dieting business that is growing .	what is the name of it ? i got 1 leg only	try to have pets , i have a dog and 2 cats it gives me energy	oh man , i use to serve the military	you are a very brave person , i love to exercise for long hours	oh man , i use to serve the military
dull-2544	hi there how are you doing ?	i am doing good . just enjoying eating my muffin , you ?	hi there how are you doing ?	i am doing good . just enjoying eating my muffin , you ?	i am well thank you just waiting for my kiddos to get home from school . than dinner	i wish i had kids . just me and my dog , pedro , here	give it time dear . they are a lot of work and well worth the wait	i work with a lot of kids in the healthcare industry	that is a noble profession how did you get into that	i originally wanted to have a career in film as i love it	what exactly do you want to do in that field ?	produce . i decided to go down the healthcare route because its hard to get into	i can see that do you have a starting place ?	i am not sure yet . so , what do you like ?	I love that.
dull-2545	hello there my new friend	hello , what have you been doing ?	I don't know what you mean by that.
dull-2546	hey there how are you ?	i write books , cookbooks about diet	hey there how are you ?	i write books , cookbooks about diet
dull-2547	hi there , how are you ?	hey ! i am great , thanks for asking . how are you ?	hi there , how are you ?	hey ! i am great , thanks for asking . how are you ?	doing good . just got in from work . sales can be rough	That is very interesting.
dull-2548	hello , how are you ? do you play poke ?	hi . i am doing great thanks for asking . i do play poker sometimes .	hello , how are you ? do you play poke ?	hi . i am doing great thanks for asking . i do play poker sometimes .	it is so relaxing , i am stressed from college . running does not always help relieve it .	sorry to hear . i walk a lot since i hike in the nature . do you hike ?	i do , i turn up ed sheeran on my ipod and go to my favorite waterfall .	do you know how to draw ? i do not . i want to learn how .	i do not . my niece , 14 , is a great artist already .	that is cool . do you like reading ? i do . mainly a lot of poetry .	i do , i read a lot as i am going to school for teaching .	how about collections do you have one ? mine is weird stickers .	seashells and beach glass . also , driftwood .	I see.
dull-2549	hi , i am a body builder . do you like sports ?	no , i am too busy working two part time jobs .	hi , i am a body builder . do you like sports ?	no , i am too busy working two part time jobs .	i hear ya . i work two jobs as well . do you like country music ?	no , i like to write and read books .	oh really ? me too . what kind of books do you read ?	I don't know what you mean by that.
dull-2550	hello , how are you doing today ?	hello , i am well . how are you ?	hello , how are you doing today ?	hello , i am well . how are you ?	i am doing well . it is a lovely night in texas .	have you always lived there ? it seems like nice place , very patriotic .	for twenty eight years . that is how old i am . where are you from ?	i live in the mid west now . we moved a lot .	do you play second life ? i am online a lot of my time .	no , i mostly enjoy needle crafts . do you play other online games ?	not really . is it cold in the midwest ? my fur does not bode well here .	its not too cold , yet . fur ?	That is a great question.
dull-2551	hello , how are you today ?	great ! how are you ?	hello , how are you today ?	great ! how are you ?	i am doing well ! listening to tim mcgraw . he is my favorite singer .	heart is my favorite band , but i like some country too .	what do you do for a living ?	i am a mom to three kids so whatever i need to . you	i am an olympic medal bodybuilder and i blog about rabbit rescues .	my girls want a pet rabbit soon , any advice ?	i am an olympic medal bodybuilder and i blog about rabbit rescues .
dull-2552	hi . whew just took the bus back from work . new york traffic is crazy .	hello , so i hear ! i am retiring in five years and will see for myself .	hi . whew just took the bus back from work . new york traffic is crazy .	hello , so i hear ! i am retiring in five years and will see for myself .	yeah . planning to visit the big apple , eh ?	among other places . then , international travel .	traveling sounds fun . as for me , i have to relax with jazz .	i like oldies and the hot tub .	oldies are okay . the office is starting soon on tv . cant wait !	i like oldies and the hot tub .
dull-2553	hello ! i hope you have heard of the band rush	yes . i listen to them as i recover from surgery .	hello ! i hope you have heard of the band rush	yes . i listen to them as i recover from surgery .	neil peart is an incredible drummer . i listen to them while i do graphic design	cool . he is . like me , he eats sardines for breakfast daily .	that is a tough item to swallow first thing in the morning .	yeah , i have to because i never finished hogh school .	well that is something to learn from . maybe get a job in sales like me	maybe , only if i can play frisbee with my two large dogs .	are their names bruce and willis	that is amazing . how did you guess ?	I don't know what you mean by that.
dull-2554	hi , i am married and have a husband , he is my world , i love him	my collection of stickers and poetry are mine lol	hi , i am married and have a husband , he is my world , i love him	my collection of stickers and poetry are mine lol	nice , do you watch anything on tv for fun ?	i like jane the virgin	nice , i love watching movies and shows and i love tv	me to but i want to learn the art of drawing	what kind of drawing ? who inspired you ?	That is a great question.
dull-2555	hi my name is lauren . i like to gamble and play games . what about you	hi i am david . i love to play poker and run .	hi my name is lauren . i like to gamble and play games . what about you	hi i am david . i love to play poker and run .	hi my name is lauren . i like to gamble and play games . what about you
dull-2556	hi how are you today ?	I don't know what you mean by that.
dull-2557	hello . may i ask where you are from ?	hi , i am from the south , what about you ?	hello . may i ask where you are from ?	hi , i am from the south , what about you ?	i am originally from puerto rico , but i am staying in south korea now .	i have a mother and five sisters , how about you ?	i have 2 brothers . i am the oldest . where in the south ?	you never heard of south carolina	i have . i was briefly stationed at fort jackson .	o yes that in columbia i live a bout 80 miles	i did not know where in the south you meant originally . i apologize .	that ok , i really under that	thank you . from your five sisters , where are you in age ?	i am number two next to brothers also	did you enjoy being in a big family ?	yes , it a lots of fun , what music do you like .	That is great.
dull-2558	hello , how are you this evening ?	i am a doing great getting ready to enjoy reading a mystery .	hello , how are you this evening ?	i am a doing great getting ready to enjoy reading a mystery .	you like the arts , huh ? i am a musician . i focus on bluegrass .	bluegrass wow , that is pretty cool . what instrument ?	i sing , but for my profession i am a skater .	i drive trucks across the u . s . for a living .	ah , fun ! i used to work at hollister . that was back in high school , though .	cool , i love traveling although it can be lonely sometimes	sorry to hear that . i am eating right now . thankfully there are no chips !	my truck is blue like my favorite color .	awesome ! want to hear something really cool ?	sure , go ahead then i care share with my seven children	i used to have a tail . i was born with it . i had it removed .	sure , go ahead then i care share with my seven children
dull-2559	hi how are you doing	i quit high school and i run marathons . hi !	hi how are you doing	i quit high school and i run marathons . hi !	wow is that what you want to do forever	no i work at wendys in florida . do you have a dog ?	ho i am a doctor do not have time for pets	what kind of doctor ? you exercise ? i am runner .	i like to run too i am a pediatrician	i do not have pets either . you a lady doctor a man doctor ?	i am a lady doctor	you ever eat at wendys ? i went to washington school before i quit .	i like wendys they have good burgers	i am the one who make them burgers good . i bet you know lots of stuff .	is it fun to make burgers	i am the one who make them burgers good . i bet you know lots of stuff .
dull-2560	hi , how are you doing today ?	doing good . just got in from playing basketball love sports	hi , how are you doing today ?	doing good . just got in from playing basketball love sports	how nice ! i am too short to play basketball .	aww i am also studying education in college	education is a great industry . i work in healthcare .	my mother is a nurse great vocation	what year are you in college ?	i am a senior being 22 i am almost done !	congratulations . do you have nay pets ?	That is a great question.
dull-2561	i am just sitting here making a dress . how are you ?	i am fine , just left the hospital	i am just sitting here making a dress . how are you ?	Let me think what I have to say about that!
dull-2562	hello , how are you tonight	i am fine and you	hello , how are you tonight	i am fine and you	very well , thank you for asking . planning my garden for next year .	amazing fresh foods and veggies sounds yummy	they are , i will use my garden as a teaching environment too	awesome . tell me more about yourself	what do you do for a living ?	awesome . tell me more about yourself
dull-2563	hello hope you are enjoying your autumn so far	hello how are you ? i currently go to college what about you ?	hello hope you are enjoying your autumn so far	hello how are you ? i currently go to college what about you ?	i went to college long ago in bora bora	that is so cool . are you single ? my girl resides with me .	i am single but live my girl and pet turtle	that is awesome . any other pets ? my pups name is max .	i have a dog and we play frisbee together	how nice . what did you go to school for ? i am going for law .	i studied history and political science . law is very interesting .	wow are you democratic ? tell me about bora bora i love sightseeing and trying fun things .	i am democratic . bora bora is a beautiful place my parents live there . do you travel much ?	That question does not make sense to me.
dull-2564	hello . do you like animals ?	i love all cute things ! babies are on the top of my list now	hello . do you like animals ?	i love all cute things ! babies are on the top of my list now	i love babies too ! right now i have 2 dogs . no cats . i hate them .	i love all cute things ! babies are on the top of my list now
dull-2565	hello ! how was your day ?	hi i am joanna and i just graduated from usc . how are you ?	hello ! how was your day ?	That is a good question.
dull-2566	it is a beautiful beach day . how are you ?	sad , struggling to make ends meet from all my bills	it is a beautiful beach day . how are you ?	sad , struggling to make ends meet from all my bills	i am sorry to hear that . i am on a diet so i am hungry	at least you can eat i can not afford to	my dad owns a car dealership so maybe i can get you a better job ?	i would love that , thank you for that	of course . i feel spoiled . i just paid to get my nails done	that is awesome you are so luckily	i did grown up very lucky . i want to help you be lucky now	you are so kind do you work in car sales as well ?	yes , i help my dad out here and there . when will you be able to work ?	i am available right now i have been out of school for two years now	i will set up the interview ! then we can go to the beach	that sounds like a plan glad i met you	you too ! your life will turn around here soon	that sounds like a plan glad i met you
dull-2567	do you want to go to the gym with me ?	Let me think what I have to say about that!
dull-2568	i am very creative , i love taking on diy projects .	i am not very crafty but i like to write	i am very creative , i love taking on diy projects .	i am not very crafty but i like to write	i am very creative , i love taking on diy projects .
dull-2569	hey there . how are you ?	good , do you like animals ?	hey there . how are you ?	good , do you like animals ?	yeah , i like cats . i have one .	i have 2 dogs , they are great , where do you work ?	i stay at home with the kids .	are you afraid of heights ? i certainly am	I don't have a good answer to that.
dull-2570	how is your day going so far ?	That is a great question.
dull-2571	hello , how are you feeling today ?	hello i am feeling alright how about yourself ?	hello , how are you feeling today ?	hello i am feeling alright how about yourself ?	good , i am just coding web designs , something i very much enjoy .	hello i am feeling alright how about yourself ?	my family and i are originally from canada . where are you from ?	That is great.
dull-2572	hello , how are you , how is day ?	pretty good thanks and you ?	hello , how are you , how is day ?	pretty good thanks and you ?	i fine thanks , my dream is fashion designer , and you ?	i have lots of dreams but work at mcdonalds	what is your hobbies and dreams ?	i run fast that is about it	are you married parson or single ?	i am single . i dropped out of school	oh , i am married person but i want children but nor now	i live in terrible apartment complex	my friend took my boyfriend in my school	they stole them from you ?	yes , my parents wish is i was growing up	That is great.
dull-2573	hello . how are you doing ?	i am good . do you have any hobbies ?	hello . how are you doing ?	i am good . do you have any hobbies ?	yes i do . i like singing . how about you ?	i love the out doors like hiking and camping .	that is cool . are you single ? have any kids ?	nope , but my dad is retired .	ah , well single is my status . i do not want to have any kids .	i am more about myself as well . i love eating red meat .	yeah , i have a dream . it is to become an actress .	do you like car stereos ?	yes i do . i love music .	i have one in my truck .	that is really cool . i wish i had some !	i wish i could cook out and camp .	that is really cool . i wish i had some !
dull-2574	hello , how are you today ?	great ! how are you ?	hello , how are you today ?	great ! how are you ?	i am doing well ! listening to tim mcgraw . he is my favorite singer .	heart is my favorite band , but i like some country too .	what do you do for a living ?	i am a mom to three kids so whatever i need to . you	i am an olympic medal bodybuilder and i blog about rabbit rescues .	my girls want a pet rabbit soon , any advice ?	I don't know what you mean by that.
dull-2575	hello , how are you this evening ? i sell houses , are you looking to buy ?	i am actually quite comfortable with my living situation right now !	hello , how are you this evening ? i sell houses , are you looking to buy ?	i am actually quite comfortable with my living situation right now !	if you know anyone who is looking , let me know ! what do you do ?	i absolutely will , and are you asking about hobbies or my career ?	either or . i have young kids , i am used to running sentences together , lol	freelance work for now . practicing jujitsu to maybe teach one day !	is it jujitsu hard on your joints ?	i am just starting out so it can be . strengthening them is important , though	i would guess . how old are you ? 34 here .	i am 23 years old , and listen to ed sheeran religiously	I am happy for you!
dull-2576	hi there , how are you tonight ?	great , i just finished a huge steak how are you ?	hi there , how are you tonight ?	I don't know what you mean by that.
dull-2577	hello ! how are you doing ?	hello ! i am well and yourself ? where are you from ?	hello ! how are you doing ?	hello ! i am well and yourself ? where are you from ?	i am from maine , where the colors are beautiful this time of year . and you ?	i am from california , but moving to new york for a job next year	what is your job ?	i work as a model and actress , but i am not a good singer ! you ?	i do not work . i play sports and take care of my turtle .	awesome ! what kind ? i am a surfer and skater .	i do not work . i play sports and take care of my turtle .
dull-2578	hey there how is it going	pretty good , how are you ?	hey there how is it going	pretty good , how are you ?	great studying law , 2 more years left	oh nice , how is law school ?	i love it , lots of info , wanting to be very successful	awesome . i am a dancer actually .	that is awesome , what style dance ?	ballet mainly . i also work with animals .	that is so cool , you seem like a nice person	ballet mainly . i also work with animals .
dull-2579	what music do you like , i enjoy bluegrass .	i prefer pop music . i try to stay up with the trends .	what music do you like , i enjoy bluegrass .	i prefer pop music . i try to stay up with the trends .	skateboarding is my job at times and i am still pretty good	you skateboard professionally ? wow , how exciting ! lots of travel ?	on weekends and i gave up eating potato chips to try to stay slim	what do you do for a living ?	retired now after my tailbone was removed due to a birth defect .	oh my , and i thought my life was dramatic ! do you have a family ?	retired now after my tailbone was removed due to a birth defect .
dull-2580	hello , how are you tonight ?	how are you doing this late night let us chat .	hello , how are you tonight ?	how are you doing this late night let us chat .	I am very happy to hear that.
dull-2581	hello , how are you tonight ?	good , how are you ? i just got home from work so i am quite tired .	hello , how are you tonight ?	good , how are you ? i just got home from work so i am quite tired .	i am doing great , just finished a great book and making dinner .	work was tough . the grocery store where i am employed was busy today .	i would love to be a chef . i am thinking about going to culinary school	oh really ? i wish i could cook or sing like my favorite musical artist taylor swift	who is that ? i only listen to classical .	I love that.
dull-2582	hi , i am 20 years old and i am a guy , who are you ?	i am a 19 year old girl studying fashion design	hi , i am 20 years old and i am a guy , who are you ?	i am a 19 year old girl studying fashion design	nice i am in the army and i am in south korea now	my parents are army , and were never home , how long have you been there ?	fir years , i am naturally a violent person , i hope we have a nuclear war	i have been arrested for theft , but no violence	i was violent in puerto rico , that where i was born	so pro nuke but from puerto rico , any thoughts on potus ?	i do not know , i only have one thing in mind and that is north korea .	north korea it makes wonder if it is smart to have children , i want to	do not worry i will protect you , i am bad to the bone	awesome , i have an ex that ran off with my best friend , start with him	whoa , are you mad at your best friend ?	yeah they deserve each other , i want kids , but not yet , he would not wait	I am very happy to hear that.
dull-2583	hey , how are you today ? i just got home from work .	me too . i am an office secretary . what do you do ? ?	hey , how are you today ? i just got home from work .	me too . i am an office secretary . what do you do ? ?	I don't have a good answer to that.
dull-2584	hello . do you like animals ?	i love all cute things ! babies are on the top of my list now	hello . do you like animals ?	Wow, great question!
dull-2585	hi there ! just finished shopping ! love it !	hello how are you today	hi there ! just finished shopping ! love it !	hello how are you today	i love clothes and models ! cant wait to get to auburn to study it !	why are you taking so long to answer ?	why are others ? sorry . i love to drive beetles .	That is very interesting.
dull-2586	hello . is anybody out there ?	lol i am here ! in seattle in my apartment with my two roomies .	hello . is anybody out there ?	lol i am here ! in seattle in my apartment with my two roomies .	Nice!
dull-2587	hey , do you want to marry me ? i go to college .	sorry , i am in college myself and want to finish my education first .	hey , do you want to marry me ? i go to college .	sorry , i am in college myself and want to finish my education first .	oh , i guess that is fine . where are you from ?	i am in ohio , i play lacrosse for ohio state .	what are you studying ? i am trying to go for marine biology	music theory . i love tupac , so i want to incorporate it into therapy sessions .	he was hot . rip . that is really cool	music theory . i love tupac , so i want to incorporate it into therapy sessions .
dull-2588	barbecue is my favorite food to cook .	oh no , i do not like barbecue because i do not like to eat animals .	barbecue is my favorite food to cook .	oh no , i do not like barbecue because i do not like to eat animals .	what do you like to eat ? maybe i need to do the same .	ice cream is one of my favourite foods .	i need to workout . i usually try to on the weekends .	i should work out more , i walk my dogs every day .	i work a lot . what do you do for work ? i drive a forklift .	that is cool , i work on the mountains . do you have pets ?	yes i do have pets . i have 8 dogs , 7 cats and 17 birds .	Awesome!
dull-2589	how is your day going ? i am just an old tired man	it is okay . thankfully , i did not have court today .	how is your day going ? i am just an old tired man	it is okay . thankfully , i did not have court today .	well that is good news	it is . columbus day is still celebrated here in oklahoma , even us natives must observe .	that is great , i was in the military for a long time	i was not , i raise dogs and horses	i lost one of my legs in war but i have a cool modded wheelchair	i am so sorry that happened . need an attorney ?	my wheelchair is really fast and can go over many terrains .	cool ! i am an atheist .	no thank you , i am good . va has helped tremendously	cool ! i am an atheist .
dull-2590	hello . how are you ? where are you from ?	hello . i am from the midwest . tell me about you ?	hello . how are you ? where are you from ?	Wow, great question!
dull-2591	hello how are you ?	i am fine shopping for clothes wyd ?	hello how are you ?	i am fine shopping for clothes wyd ?	what kind of clothes ? i am just playing with ginger my golden retriever	i like jeans an boots	what is your favorite store ? i did not shop at all when i studied abroad	amazon is my favorite store , you cannot go wrong .	do you not worry about trying on clothes first ? i buy model cards from there	no i pick pretty well trust me	do you have any kids ? i just had my first daughter	no i do not an have a good 12	do you want any kids ? what is your favorite movie ?	That is a great question.
dull-2592	hi there how is everything going	everything is going great . how is it with you ?	hi there how is everything going	everything is going great . how is it with you ?	things are okay , but could be better	is something the matter ? i would like to help .	struggling trying to figure out how i am going to afford college	oh , i still have that issue with student loans and i am married .	i did not want to get the loans so i only have a grant	i suggest getting a job , maybe tutoring ?	i work at mcdonalds but am looking for better	That is great.
dull-2593	hello , how are you doing ?	you mean good and i m planning for my next travel	hello , how are you doing ?	you mean good and i m planning for my next travel	that is cool . i like to read when i have spare time .	so six country is the total of them	i have always wanted my family to be big . i am a mother of several kids .	the family the happier just like my garden is this you	i cook meals at home every day . do you with the stuff you get from your garden ?	yes that s why i love i love the passion of teaching biology in college	i see . my husband owns his own business .	kind of business does your husband have i like walking	he has a web development company .	oh that is so cool	thank you . he really enjoys it .	how do you usually support him	by taking care of the kids and cooking .	how do you usually support him
dull-2594	hello hope you are enjoying your autumn so far	hello how are you ? i currently go to college what about you ?	hello hope you are enjoying your autumn so far	hello how are you ? i currently go to college what about you ?	i went to college long ago in bora bora	that is so cool . are you single ? my girl resides with me .	i am single but live my girl and pet turtle	that is awesome . any other pets ? my pups name is max .	i have a dog and we play frisbee together	how nice . what did you go to school for ? i am going for law .	i studied history and political science . law is very interesting .	Nice!
dull-2595	hi how are you doing	hey there . how is it going ?	hi how are you doing	hey there . how is it going ?	i am good just starting out the day	have you read about pablo escobar ? i love reading biographies .	That is a great question.
dull-2596	hi do you like college sports ? i am a fan of ohio state	i am not really into sports . i like robots though !	hi do you like college sports ? i am a fan of ohio state	i am not really into sports . i like robots though !	robots are cool . they use them in the factory where i work	that is cool , where do you live ?	in ohio . home of the buckeyes	i live out here in california	do you like it ? i would be afraid of all the water along the coast	i love the water , it so much fun to go swimming in the ocean	Nice!
dull-2597	what music do you like , i enjoy bluegrass .	i prefer pop music . i try to stay up with the trends .	what music do you like , i enjoy bluegrass .	i prefer pop music . i try to stay up with the trends .	skateboarding is my job at times and i am still pretty good	you skateboard professionally ? wow , how exciting ! lots of travel ?	on weekends and i gave up eating potato chips to try to stay slim	I am happy for you!
dull-2598	hello , how are you this morning ? did you get your walk in yet ?	hello i am fine i cannot walk i am disabled	hello , how are you this morning ? did you get your walk in yet ?	Let me think what I have to say about that!
dull-2599	hi . how is your day going ?	great , just got home from work . how are you ?	hi . how is your day going ?	great , just got home from work . how are you ?	not bad . the teens at the shelter were great today . what is your profession ?	i work at a help desk . so you work with homeless teens ?	yep . i am a mentor of sorts . thinking of cooking . you had supper ?	i did , i eat dinner while watching the news . what are you cooking ?	That is amazing.
dull-2600	hello . how are you today ?	i am good . how about yourself ?	hello . how are you today ?	i am good . how about yourself ?	slow . reading a book at the moment , romance of the paranormal persuasion	sounds interesting . i like reading but do not do it enough .	i work at my mas restaurant part of the time , i have too much time .	there is never enough time ! i am watching tv and catching up on old shows .	i have american greed playing in the background . lol	is it really good ? i have heard of it , but , never watched it .	Wow, great question!
dull-2601	hi how are you today	good , how are you ? i just finished reading a new drama book	hi how are you today	good , how are you ? i just finished reading a new drama book	i am good where do you work	at a club in downtown miami . i just moved here from california	you ever worked a forklift ?	just in my video games lol what about you ?	yeah i work one every day at work	where do you work at ?	a warehouse i am large indeed	haha ! do you cook at all ?	a warehouse i am large indeed
dull-2602	hi , did you finish high school ? i never did	i did , how are you doing ?	hi , did you finish high school ? i never did	i did , how are you doing ?	good , i just got done playing frisbee i love playing it .	oh cool , i grew up playing frisbee in north dakota	that is cool ? what did you have for breakfast ? i love sardines	i had some donuts at my advertising job i started last year	i love donuts but i am just recovering from surgery so i can not eat sweets	oh no , you better take it easy	yeah but i am better now , i just miss playing frisbee	yeah good thing you played recently	yeah , i will be back on my feet and playing again in no time !	cool . you just said you got done playing ?	yeah but i got my surgery afterwards	wow medical marvel ! fastest surgery ever	yeah but i got my surgery afterwards
dull-2603	hi there , what is your favorite band to listen to ?	i like the beatles how about you ?	hi there , what is your favorite band to listen to ?	i like the beatles how about you ?	nirvana has to be my favorite	oh i see , well i prefer reading plays mostly in my free time	i see , you are also an artist , i play music myself	just as a hobby though , i own my own successful dieting business full time	any health tips for someone who canot bring themselves to do anything but running ?	oh yeah i love exercising for long hours . finding motivation is most important	i try to stay motivated , my father was a cop , physical fitness was important	eating is also important , i like writing diet cookbooks	that is interesting , eating healthy is a good place to start	i love walking my dog and two cats as well	really ? i really love animals !	That question does not make sense to me.
dull-2604	hey , nice to meet you . how are you doing today ? anything fun ?	nice to meet you . i am doing well , i just went shopping .	hey , nice to meet you . how are you doing today ? anything fun ?	nice to meet you . i am doing well , i just went shopping .	that is good , how was shopping , buy anything ?	i bought some nice clothes , a new pair of jeans . what about you ?	going on a walk soon with my dogs on the mountain near my house .	i do not have any pets but sometimes i go on walks with my sister .	i just love animals . 3 cats 2 dogs . how old are you ?	i am 23 . how about you ?	i am 34 years old . what else do you like to do for fun ?	That question does not make sense to me.
dull-2605	i just finish what i usually enjoy doing mills cooking	that is good . what is mills cooking ?	i just finish what i usually enjoy doing mills cooking	Wow.
dull-2606	hello . hold on , my dogs are begging for attention . how are you ?	hello , well , and you ? i love dogs ! cats i am allergic to .	hello . hold on , my dogs are begging for attention . how are you ?	That is cool.
dull-2607	how is this lovely evening treating you ?	it is awesome . how are you ?	how is this lovely evening treating you ?	it is awesome . how are you ?	doing well , feet a little tired after showing 4 houses in the last 2 hours !	that does sound exhausting ! i have been outside with my brothers shoveling the driveway !	snow will be the death of me ! wish i could move back to mississippi	i have never been there ! i love the snow though . it keeps me happy and busy .	i prefer greenery . and living green !	i have never been there ! i love the snow though . it keeps me happy and busy .
dull-2608	hello , i love fashion and hope to be a doctor one day . you ?	hello , i am an accountant from ohio . i have two boys and i am single .	hello , i love fashion and hope to be a doctor one day . you ?	hello , i am an accountant from ohio . i have two boys and i am single .
dull-2609	hi , want to get to know each other ?	are you interested with diet supplement	hi , want to get to know each other ?	are you interested with diet supplement	i do okay just eating healthy . are you selling something ?	i run my business it is my own business dieting business	is that very lucrative ? i like to travel so i could never be poor	Wow, great question!
dull-2610	hey there how is it going	pretty good , how are you ?	hey there how is it going	pretty good , how are you ?	great studying law , 2 more years left	oh nice , how is law school ?	i love it , lots of info , wanting to be very successful	awesome . i am a dancer actually .	that is awesome , what style dance ?	ballet mainly . i also work with animals .	that is so cool , you seem like a nice person	so do you ! what are your plans for the week ?	i am studying all week , you ?	Awesome!
dull-2611	hello , how are you ? i am so bored !	hi . you should try building models . it is what i do to pass time	hello , how are you ? i am so bored !	hi . you should try building models . it is what i do to pass time	my girls do not like models . what else do you do to pass time ?	i play video games . i like games like destiny . traveling space . fighting aliens	my ex husband used to play video games . he left me with my three girls .	i am sorry . my mother raised me too . she was a doctor . put me thru school .	thanks . your mom sounds great ! mine was a teacher and my dad was a firefighter .	my mother showed me how to build model spaceships . it is what got me interested in computers	wow , you seem really into technology and computers . i am not good with computers .	i went to school for a computer science degree . i delve into my work by myself .	i hope my girls are good with computers like you . maybe you could teach them ?	i went to school for a computer science degree . i delve into my work by myself .
dull-2612	hello . . . how are you today ?	i am great . just cuddling with my two cats . . and you ?	hello . . . how are you today ?	i am great . just cuddling with my two cats . . and you ?	i am doing quite well . . . i am allergic to cats and mangoes .	that sucks . i am writing a romance novel . what are your hobbies ?	i like collecting civil war antiques . i am also a dog groomer .	i reside on an island far away and it has made me an introvert .	oh my . . . . i guess we are both a bit eccentric . are you married ?	no , i just want to focus on being a writer right now . are you ?	married four times and searching for my fifth husband . what do you write ?	romance novels . do you have any children ?	none . . . but three of my husbands died . i think i bored them to death .	haha . you are funny . i just have my two cats .	are you male or female . . . i fake a british accent to attract men . . .	haha . you are funny . i just have my two cats .
dull-2613	hello ! how was your day ?	hi i am joanna and i just graduated from usc . how are you ?	hello ! how was your day ?	hi i am joanna and i just graduated from usc . how are you ?	i am doing okay , but it was kind of a rough day at work .	my day was great . i was singing all day . i do it professionally	oh , nice ! what type of music do you enjoy the most ?	what kind of work ? i like it all but mostly jazz and rock .	nursing . i have worked on the pediatric ward for many years .	i was born and raised in south carolina but hope to get away soon	where would you like to go ?	anywhere but here . i am stuck on my parents farm	sounds awful . i would have a hard time living with my parents , especially my father .	my mom used to work in the pediatric ward but now she is a teacher .	who and what does she teach ?	its not bad , just boring . she is an english teacher	what would make it more exciting for you ?	its not bad , just boring . she is an english teacher
dull-2614	hello ! ! i like to make clothes ! !	greetings ! i enjoy camping and hiking in the wilderness	hello ! ! i like to make clothes ! !	greetings ! i enjoy camping and hiking in the wilderness	i love the outdoors ! the weather is crazy this year !	the best part , is the feast of a wild boar .	do you know how to cook ?	I don't know what you mean by that.
dull-2615	hello , how are you tonight ?	i am hungry how about you ?	hello , how are you tonight ?	i am hungry how about you ?	i could eat , lol . i have two boys and they are always hungry .	i have a dog . i love animals	i could eat , lol . i have two boys and they are always hungry .
dull-2616	hello , how are you tonight ?	i am well . and yourself ?	hello , how are you tonight ?	i am well . and yourself ?	very well , almost finished with my homework .	nice . i just finished a huge glass of iced tea	sounds good . do you like rap ?	i do . i love country also	i do not care for it .	i grew up on it , or i probably would not either	my parents did not care for music , our house was very quiet .	i cant imagine a world that does not have music in it	now , i cannot . it was weird .	i believe it . do you like doing stuff on the computer ?	at times , when i am watching tv	i like things like coding for web design	that sounds interesting . do you have a large family ?	i like things like coding for web design
dull-2617	hi how are you doing	hey there . how is it going ?	hi how are you doing	hey there . how is it going ?	i am good just starting out the day	have you read about pablo escobar ? i love reading biographies .	i have not read a lot about him	you should ! just read a book this weekend at my brothers wedding .	wait you read a book at your brothers wedding that is funny	yeah . i have weddings . i do love playing board games though .	those are fun have not played one in a while	sad . you like cats ? i have one pet called arizona .	those are fun have not played one in a while
dull-2618	i am loading up my rifle to get me a deer today	oh really ? what kind of rifle are you going to go hunt with ?	i am loading up my rifle to get me a deer today	oh really ? what kind of rifle are you going to go hunt with ?	good question . i am just taking my shotgun in case i run into my brother in law	That is very interesting.
dull-2619	how are you tonight ? did you go to college ?	i am good . i prefer artistic endeavors to scholarly ones . you ?	how are you tonight ? did you go to college ?	i am good . i prefer artistic endeavors to scholarly ones . you ?	well , my job is stagnant so i am considering school . what do you do ?	i earn a paycheck at a research facility cleaning cages . what would you study ?	i was thinking about nursing , the golden arches does not pay well .	i understand . luckily i decided to create my art from trash so it is free !	that sounds so exciting . my aunt was an artist , she painted when i was growing up .	cool ! what do you like to do in your free time ?	That is a good question.
dull-2620	hi there , how are you today ?	hey i am good how about yourself	hi there , how are you today ?	hey i am good how about yourself	good , just tired from my classes .	i know the feeling i am to	what are you taking classes for ?	well i am in high school so all the basics	ah . i see , i am taking classes to become a teacher myself .	o cool which type of school	just basic college currently , something that still gives me plenty of free time to go running	oo so you are trying to be a professor	yes , hoping to at least . what do you like to use your free time for ?	i mostly be at school , the little free time i spend at home	do you listen to much music ? i love ed sheeran .	i mostly be at school , the little free time i spend at home
dull-2621	hey , how are you today ? i just got home from work .	me too . i am an office secretary . what do you do ? ?	hey , how are you today ? i just got home from work .	me too . i am an office secretary . what do you do ? ?	right now , just at a fast food place , but i am job searching also .	cool ! i am lucy . i want a new job too , but just finished my degree last year .	what degree did you get ? i might want to go to college .	an four year degree in business , but i also played soccer . what would you study ?	i am not sure , i would probably have to talk to my uncle about it .	I see.
dull-2622	hi want to get to know each other	lets do it lets go	hi want to get to know each other	lets do it lets go	i like to sing , do you ?	i do even tho i can not at all	folk songs are my favorite . what do you do for a living ?	sew an i use to be a banker	you sew too ? i sew	sew an i use to be a banker
dull-2623	hey there . how are you ?	good , do you like animals ?	hey there . how are you ?	good , do you like animals ?	yeah , i like cats . i have one .	i have 2 dogs , they are great , where do you work ?	yeah , i like cats . i have one .
dull-2624	hey there . how are you ?	hey there . i am fine . what about you ?	hey there . how are you ?	hey there . i am fine . what about you ?	been better . stressful day at work .	do you work on sundays ?	been better . stressful day at work .
dull-2625	hello , how are you this evening ? i sell houses , are you looking to buy ?	i am actually quite comfortable with my living situation right now !	hello , how are you this evening ? i sell houses , are you looking to buy ?	i am actually quite comfortable with my living situation right now !	if you know anyone who is looking , let me know ! what do you do ?	i absolutely will , and are you asking about hobbies or my career ?	Wow, great question!
dull-2626	hello there ! how are you ?	i am doing well . i am taking a break at work i am a factory worker .	hello there ! how are you ?	i am doing well . i am taking a break at work i am a factory worker .	i am playing a video game at the moment . how long is your break ?	about 30 minutes . i like football video games . my favorite team is the buckeyes .	i like playing final fantasy .	i played the two on super nes when i was younger . do you exercise ?	i dance a lot ! that is my exercise !	my friend wants me to go swimming at the gym pool , but i am scared of water .	i would help you if i could , but i am too shy .	the only person that can help me is me . do you have other hobbies ?	you are right . i like programming . i have a degree in computer science . you ?	I don't have a good answer to that.
dull-2627	hi how are you today	hey there i am fine and you ?	hi how are you today	hey there i am fine and you ?	pretty good what is your favorite color ?	i love black , blue , red , gold , golden rose .	very nice were you born early	i was born in day time . you ?	i was born very late at night	how old are you if you want to share	i am not sure really . you ?	haha how come you do not know your ages .	other people do not know either ?	lol we all know our ages . i am 24	i see . are you married ?	lol we all know our ages . i am 24
dull-2628	hi ! i just got back from a run . what are you doing ?	hello , i am just playing some online poker .	hi ! i just got back from a run . what are you doing ?	hello , i am just playing some online poker .	i can not afford to gamble . i work at a fast food restaurant .	oh okay , that is too bad , i work as a carpenter .	i would love to work with wood . i could fix up this cheap apartment !	that would be nice . i do not have very many friends who can help me .	i am trying to earn my ged because i quit high school .	oh good for you ! my wife and three kids also quit high school when they were younger .	wow ! all of them ? do you have any pets ?	I don't know what you mean by that.
dull-2629	hello there , how are you ?	hey i am fine how about you	hello there , how are you ?	hey i am fine how about you	I like that.
dull-2630	hello , how are you this afternoon ?	good , i just working while chatting , and you ?	hello , how are you this afternoon ?	good , i just working while chatting , and you ?	watching some youtube videos about hiking	i like watching youtube , i watch videos on makeup	is that like a hobby of yours ?	and hauls , and hose decor , and sewing	wow , sounds like you really like your videos , haha	yes it is , what about you ? what are your hobbies ?	well i really like to read , especially about traveling	right , i do when i get any free time that is what i do .	i am hoping to travel to europe eventually , so i consider it all research	that is informative , i also watch videos on the environment .	like protecting the environment , or national geographic type nature shows ?	that sounds nice , i do not like airplanes so i watch videos lol	the plane is only a very small part	that sounds nice , i do not like airplanes so i watch videos lol
dull-2631	hi my name is lauren . i like to gamble and play games . what about you	hi i am david . i love to play poker and run .	hi my name is lauren . i like to gamble and play games . what about you	hi i am david . i love to play poker and run .	i also enjoy poker . i like running but prefer swimming	what do you do for a living ?	i am an animal care tech , what do you do ?	i am just going to college for now .	that is cool , whats your major ? where do you live ?	That is a great question.
dull-2632	hi are you working today ? i am going to style some dog hair	hello , no . i am in the gym as today is leg day .	hi are you working today ? i am going to style some dog hair	That is a great question.
dull-2633	hi i work at a pet place , where do you work at ?	hi , i am an accountant . i have got two kids . do you have kids ?	hi i work at a pet place , where do you work at ?	hi , i am an accountant . i have got two kids . do you have kids ?	no , i am into music , a musician and i work at a pet place	cool ! what instrument do you play ?	I don't know what you mean by that.
dull-2634	hi , i am a jew and in new york city , who are you and where you from ?	i am a teacher , but also incidentally i am jewish	hi , i am a jew and in new york city , who are you and where you from ?	i am a teacher , but also incidentally i am jewish	whoa , do you go to the synagogue ? i ride my bike there , i do not drive	i do , i especially enjoyed yom kippur recently , i jog to temple actually	do you stop by somewhere to eat ? i hate sweet stuff but in philly cheesesteak ?	sometimes i take my kids to the pool , we all love to swim	cool , please tell me more	the pool is called the princeton club , it a big pool with a hot tub	i watch a lot of tv , the office is a great show	i agree , i love the office , dwight is so funny	yeah , he is great , i love hot tubs better ;	same , had many fun times in them when i was younger	how old are you now ? i am 28	i am 31 , living in good old san diego	I am very happy to hear that.
dull-2635	i am so short	really ? how short are you ?	i am so short	really ? how short are you ?	Wow, great question!
dull-2636	hi do you like college sports ? i am a fan of ohio state	Wow, great question!
dull-2637	hi ! what have you been doing today ?	hello . i just dropped my daughter off at school now i am drinking some tea .	hi ! what have you been doing today ?	hello . i just dropped my daughter off at school now i am drinking some tea .	i am brewing some tea on the camp fire this morning while listening to music .	that sounds amazing . what type of music are you listening to ?	it is rock . it gets me pumped up to go hiking with my dad who just retired .	i hope you have a wonderful time . please stay safe .	thanks . so what are you going to do today ?	i work from home and then pick my daughter up after school .	what kind of work from home do you do ?	i am a medical transcriptionist voice recognition editor .	sounds interesting . i hope to follow in my moms footsteps and be a nurse one day .	i am sure she would be proud . hard work being a nurse .	do you just have one kid ? any hobbies ?	i am sure she would be proud . hard work being a nurse .
dull-2638	hi want to get to know each other	sure . are you male or female ?	hi want to get to know each other	sure . are you male or female ?	i am a girl , are you ?	nope . a man . like a 40 yr old man so . . . . . . .	ha . well age does not bother me we can still be friends	unless you are under 18 , lol .	i got my first tattoo when i turned 18	what is your tattoo of ?	a butterfly , is that too cliche	is it on your lower back ? my daughter wants one , ugh !	nah . its on my ankle . where i can see it	that was my next guess ! my ex wife has a similar one . you been married before ?	nah . its on my ankle . where i can see it
dull-2639	hi , i am 20 years old and i am a guy , who are you ?	i am a 19 year old girl studying fashion design	hi , i am 20 years old and i am a guy , who are you ?	i am a 19 year old girl studying fashion design	nice i am in the army and i am in south korea now	my parents are army , and were never home , how long have you been there ?	fir years , i am naturally a violent person , i hope we have a nuclear war	i have been arrested for theft , but no violence	i was violent in puerto rico , that where i was born	so pro nuke but from puerto rico , any thoughts on potus ?	i do not know , i only have one thing in mind and that is north korea .	north korea it makes wonder if it is smart to have children , i want to	do not worry i will protect you , i am bad to the bone	awesome , i have an ex that ran off with my best friend , start with him	whoa , are you mad at your best friend ?	Wow, great question!
dull-2640	hi there , how are you ?	i am alright . finished with homeschool . you ?	hi there , how are you ?	i am alright . finished with homeschool . you ?	I don't know what you mean by that.
dull-2641	hi , want to get to know each other ?	are you interested with diet supplement	hi , want to get to know each other ?	are you interested with diet supplement	i do okay just eating healthy . are you selling something ?	i run my business it is my own business dieting business	is that very lucrative ? i like to travel so i could never be poor	well in fact it is and i m very knowledgeable about it because i write books about it	wow . that is super cool . i prefer movies to books though	yeah i study at experimented and go to exercise	i might have time for that but i need to watch titanic all the time	i m with my cats and dogs two cats	my golden retriever is my best friend . what are your pets names	i gave them a name based on the characteristics	like fluffy , or spot like that ? my dog is ginger	yeah pretty much like that what else do you do	well i just became a father	yeah pretty much like that what else do you do
dull-2642	hello , i am a sports nut , just love soccer , and you ?	i like playing sports like racquetball , but not watching so much .	hello , i am a sports nut , just love soccer , and you ?	i like playing sports like racquetball , but not watching so much .	That is good.
dull-2643	hi want to get to know each other	sure . are you male or female ?	hi want to get to know each other	sure . are you male or female ?	i am a girl , are you ?	nope . a man . like a 40 yr old man so . . . . . . .	I am very happy to hear that.
dull-2644	i am loading up my rifle to get me a deer today	oh really ? what kind of rifle are you going to go hunt with ?	i am loading up my rifle to get me a deer today	oh really ? what kind of rifle are you going to go hunt with ?	good question . i am just taking my shotgun in case i run into my brother in law	that sounds good , i am going to be gardening this weekend , i love it !	good question . i am just taking my shotgun in case i run into my brother in law
dull-2645	hello , how are you doing ?	so tired . just got off job 1 and off to job 2 soon . you ?	hello , how are you doing ?	I love that.
dull-2646	hey how are you today	hello , my leg is really giving me pain today .	hey how are you today	hello , my leg is really giving me pain today .	i am sorry hope you feel better soon .	thank you . what are you doing ?	getting ready to take my wife and kids to dinner	i am just about to cook dinner ; what will you order ?	i think my youngest son said he wanted pizza	i like pizza . do you let your son make the decisions ?	no we take turns it was his turn tonight .	that is lucky for him .	yeah but we all like pizza so everyone is happy .	well that is nice that you all get along .	yeah . what do you do for a living	well that is nice that you all get along .
dull-2647	hello , how are you today ?	i am doing very well , trying to figure out which barbeque restaurant to have dinner .	hello , how are you today ?	i am doing very well , trying to figure out which barbeque restaurant to have dinner .	oh that sounds great ! i have some muffins baking in the oven as a treat for myself .	that sounds lovely . a lady i play racquetball with makes some great muffins .	big into racquetball ? i think the only exercise i get lately is walking my dog pedro .	i am . i am an admin assistant , and have to stay active all i can .	sounds cushy , i run around a lot since i am in the healthcare field .	it is stressful . i listen to fifties music to relax and remain calm .	i like to wind down with films , so i can relate .	i love old films . bogie is one of my favorites .	you are into a lot of classic stuff i take it ?	i am . i was born in the wrong era , lol	do you have any other hobbies you are into ?	i am . i was born in the wrong era , lol
dull-2648	hello , how are you tonight ? do you know where edris island is ?	i do not . i work in an animal shelter tho . i am the cleaner there .	hello , how are you tonight ? do you know where edris island is ?	i do not . i work in an animal shelter tho . i am the cleaner there .	that is okay , i have a dog , ralph .	i do not . i work in an animal shelter tho . i am the cleaner there .
dull-2649	hi there , what is your favorite band to listen to ?	i like the beatles how about you ?	hi there , what is your favorite band to listen to ?	i like the beatles how about you ?	nirvana has to be my favorite	oh i see , well i prefer reading plays mostly in my free time	i see , you are also an artist , i play music myself	just as a hobby though , i own my own successful dieting business full time	any health tips for someone who canot bring themselves to do anything but running ?	oh yeah i love exercising for long hours . finding motivation is most important	i try to stay motivated , my father was a cop , physical fitness was important	eating is also important , i like writing diet cookbooks	i try to stay motivated , my father was a cop , physical fitness was important
dull-2650	hey guess what ? i am a jewish boy and still enjoy jazz music .	cool ! i am jewish too ! i play pop music , i am the lead singer of bb2	hey guess what ? i am a jewish boy and still enjoy jazz music .	cool ! i am jewish too ! i play pop music , i am the lead singer of bb2	nice , do you have a tv show you like my favorite one is the office .	never have time to watch tv , we are always on tour or throwing a party !	lucky , my jew parents will not let me eat sweets can you belive that	what ? my dad is awesome , i dropped out of school to travel with him .	i do not even get to drive myself , mostly because i live in new york though .	love nyc ! party all the time , my dad drove a semi , i helped .	sometimes people will laugh at me because i ride a unicycle . . .	my sister does too ! ! i have 31 do you have siblings ?	no , i am the last in line of my family of royal jews	That is cool.
dull-2651	hello how are you today ?	hi , i am good , i just moved into a new house i bought ! you ?	I don't know what you mean by that.
dull-2652	hi , want to go shopping with me ?	i am sorry my left leg is in a lot of pain so i can not	hi , want to go shopping with me ?	i am sorry my left leg is in a lot of pain so i can not	wow . i am a nurse . i can help you	is helping people a hobby of yours ? mine is riding horses	no , but i am a nurse . it is my job .	interesting i hope to retire soon from my current job	when you retire , we could go shopping	interesting i hope to retire soon from my current job
dull-2653	hi how are you doing i am okay .	i am doing very good ! i hope you had a very nice , relaxing sunday .	hi how are you doing i am okay .
dull-2654	hi how are you doing today ?	am fine and just preparing to go and watch a movie	hi how are you doing today ?	Wow, great question!
dull-2655	hello ! good evening . how are you ?	i am doing well . how about yourself ?	hello ! good evening . how are you ?	That is amazing.
dull-2656	hello there , how are you today ? i just got back from a run	hi , i am ok . i play soccer so run a lot	hello there , how are you today ? i just got back from a run	hi , i am ok . i play soccer so run a lot	do you listen to any music while you are practicing ?	i do . i am a metal head so listen to a lot of that .	nirvana actually inspired me to become a musician , maybe not your style though . . .	nirvana is ok , they did a lot for music . my favorite band is tool	i think i have heard of them , i am not sure . do you have pets ?	i have a cat , and they are more rock then metal	I like that.
dull-2657	hi . just chilling to john denver after my work out . how about you ?	hi , just studying for my college exam . hows it going	hi . just chilling to john denver after my work out . how about you ?	hi , just studying for my college exam . hows it going	good . what are you taking in college ?	what kind of music do you like to listen to ?	john denver . how about you ?	i love playing sports so i am studying in the field of sports medicine .	interesting . work out each day myself . what sports do you like ?	what do you do on the weekends ?	spend time with my horses . you ?	what kind of horse do you have ? i hike .	I don't know what you mean by that.
dull-2658	hi here i am in sunny california . where do you live ?	i live in florida but my family is from toronto	hi here i am in sunny california . where do you live ?	i live in florida but my family is from toronto	oh i see . moving to the east coast next year to the big apple .	cool . how old are you ?	now i am 23 and acting is my profession . also do a little runway modeling .	That is good.
dull-2659	hello ! good evening . how are you doing ?	2 tired , you ? vets do not sleep	hello ! good evening . how are you doing ?	2 tired , you ? vets do not sleep	i am very tired as i was clean home all the day .	that is not fun . what is your name ?	i am typing my name but it says me please correct the spell .	jordan , i used to live in california but now i am in florida	i am typing my name but it says me please correct the spell .
dull-2660	i love the early mornings , its my time alone . without the kiddos and wifey , lol	hello nice to meet you !	i love the early mornings , its my time alone . without the kiddos and wifey , lol	hello nice to meet you !	you as well . you play poker ?	no , imam not into that . . i like to travel . . visited 6 countries already	nice ! i used to travel , took wine tours of italy , that stopped when i quit drinking .	good choice ! what do you do ? i , a biology teacher at college	i am a finish carpenter , i come in and do that detail work . lonely job .	interesting ! i guess you are into nature ! i have a big garden and i love it !	it is okay . my wife and kids are always hiking and fishing .	nice ! do you have any hobbies ? i love walking	poker and scratching the dog is about it . what do you do for a living ?	i a , a biology teacher	That is very interesting.
dull-2661	he ; ; o . how are you this day	dogs really scares me , i live in an apartment that i rent	he ; ; o . how are you this day	dogs really scares me , i live in an apartment that i rent	they mess with my allergies . plus i have a military disability .	i am doing good and you ? i am a woman at age 32	they mess with my allergies . plus i have a military disability .
dull-2662	hello , how are you this evening ?	I don't have a good answer to that.
dull-2663	hi , what is up with you today ?	hi there ! the lord of the rings ! i am a huge binge watcher	hi , what is up with you today ?	hi there ! the lord of the rings ! i am a huge binge watcher	Nice!
dull-2664	hello , what are some of your hobbies ?	hi i am really into crafting	hello , what are some of your hobbies ?	hi i am really into crafting	one of my hobbies is being online all the time	what kinds of things do you do online	would you mind telling me what state you are in ?	i am in ohio what about you	i am in texas , the weather is no joke here	yeah were you affected by the hurricane	no , thankfully i was not , it was only by gods grace	yeah that looked really baf	i guess , what is your favorite thing to do ?	i homeschool my kids every day	it is ironic you said that , my daughter actually goes to school from home	i love teaching my kids	my daughter goes through a computer , i do not provide the curriculum	i love teaching my kids
dull-2665	it is a beautiful beach day . how are you ?	sad , struggling to make ends meet from all my bills	it is a beautiful beach day . how are you ?	sad , struggling to make ends meet from all my bills	i am sorry to hear that . i am on a diet so i am hungry	at least you can eat i can not afford to	my dad owns a car dealership so maybe i can get you a better job ?	i would love that , thank you for that	of course . i feel spoiled . i just paid to get my nails done	that is awesome you are so luckily	i did grown up very lucky . i want to help you be lucky now	you are so kind do you work in car sales as well ?	I don't know what you mean by that.
dull-2666	how are you doing today	i am well and you ? i write science fiction as a hobby	how are you doing today	i am well and you ? i write science fiction as a hobby	what have you written recently	i have a 8 year degree in engineering from mit	what do you do with it	nothing lately , do you have any hobbies ?	dancing is my favorite activity	nothing it just sounds good , my fears of snakes and spiders	that would be an interesting fear if you write sci fi	i have no kids , and i still am unmarried	are you thinking about kids	where are you from ? no on the kids	edris island . how about you ?	florida , i like to run and swim	Awesome!
dull-2667	how are you doing today	i am great ! i am sarah ! how are you today ?	how are you doing today	I love that.
dull-2668	hey how are you today	hi ! i am doing well how are you ?	I don't have a good answer to that.
dull-2669	hey , how is the weather out there ?	it is pretty hot but good for working in my garden .	hey , how is the weather out there ?	it is pretty hot but good for working in my garden .	do you garden a lot ?	yes , it is plenty of food for my family with plenty to give away .	aw , that is so nice . i should garden for my sister	your vegetables will taste better . what kind of work do you do ?	aw , that is so nice . i should garden for my sister
dull-2670	hi ! how are you tonight ?	good ! how are you doing ?	I am very happy to hear that.
dull-2671	hi how are you doing i am okay .	i am doing very good ! i hope you had a very nice , relaxing sunday .	hi how are you doing i am okay .	i am doing very good ! i hope you had a very nice , relaxing sunday .	yes it was okay thank you so much i like walking . do you ?	I don't have a good answer to that.
dull-2672	i am very creative , i love taking on diy projects .	i am not very crafty but i like to write	i am very creative , i love taking on diy projects .	i am not very crafty but i like to write	i like staying active . i walk at least a mile everyday .	wow . i like to work out too . we can be friends	i like staying active . i walk at least a mile everyday .	i have all these yummy healthy recipes . i wrote a cookbook	what do you like to do for fun ?	i like to read . plays mostly	wow , that sounds exciting .	it is a good way to unwind .	do you have any pets ?	a dog and 2 cute kitties how about you ?	I like that.
dull-2673	good evening , how are you doing today	i am doing pretty good . just got back from a nice long walk . you ?	good evening , how are you doing today	i am doing pretty good . just got back from a nice long walk . you ?	I don't have a good answer to that.
dull-2674	hello . how are you ? where are you from ?	hello . i am from the midwest . tell me about you ?	hello . how are you ? where are you from ?	hello . i am from the midwest . tell me about you ?	from ny , where i do not drive . also , i am from a jewish family .	i work as a forklift driver . and i barbecue in my spare time	i love barbecue , unless it is sweet . i do not like sweet .	i work as a forklift driver . and i barbecue in my spare time
dull-2675	hi , merna jean here , single and i love buying clothes . you ?	I don't know what you mean by that.
dull-2676	hi ! do you like dogs ? i have a great dane	That is a good question.
dull-2677	hello , how are you , how is day ?	pretty good thanks and you ?	hello , how are you , how is day ?	pretty good thanks and you ?	i fine thanks , my dream is fashion designer , and you ?	i have lots of dreams but work at mcdonalds	what is your hobbies and dreams ?	i run fast that is about it	are you married parson or single ?	i am single . i dropped out of school	oh , i am married person but i want children but nor now	i live in terrible apartment complex	my friend took my boyfriend in my school	they stole them from you ?	my friend took my boyfriend in my school
dull-2678	hello ! what do you do for a living ?	i am in school studying law	hello ! what do you do for a living ?	i am in school studying law	really ? so am i ! i want to be a lawyer .	i am the only child of lawyer parents . hopefully i will be successful .	where do you live while in school ? i live with my girlfriend and dog , max .	i am the only child of lawyer parents . hopefully i will be successful .
dull-2679	hello , how are you tonight ? i am looking at the fishing maps .	well the weather definitely is good for fishing .	hello , how are you tonight ? i am looking at the fishing maps .	well the weather definitely is good for fishing .	i am waiting for the lake to ice over .	oh , ice fishing . you better bundle up for that and hope for cold weather .	i have been doing this for decades . i study the ice shelves .	oh . i train dogs . i get to work indoors , a bit warmer .	that sounds interesting . i hunt polar bears .	boy , you really like hunting and fishing . not me , sweets i love .	i am an artic explorer on the side , lo	you really like cold weather . take pictures of yourself while exploring .	no , i am not into self photography like most narcissists .	oh , i would not say i am a narcissists , just like sharing my adventures .	i do take a lot of photographs of the landscape .	cool . i take a lot of photos of me dancing at the local night clubs .	i do take a lot of photographs of the landscape .
dull-2680	boy am i tired ! just got done hunting . how are you ?	hey , not bad . hunting , that is cool . do you hunt for sport or meat ?	boy am i tired ! just got done hunting . how are you ?	hey , not bad . hunting , that is cool . do you hunt for sport or meat ?	Wow.
dull-2681	hi how are you today ?	hi . i am good , and you ?	hi how are you today ?	hi . i am good , and you ?	i am hungry how are you ?	i just ate . i have traveled overseas . i have studied in england .	what do you like to do ?	travel when i can . my best friend goes with me . we met in kindergarten .	that is cool , like jazz ? i love it	it is ok . where did you grow up ? i did in north dakota .	i like to read an run	that is fun ! are you jewish ? i am .	i like to read an run
dull-2682	hi , how are you ?	i am doing good . listening to some john denver .	hi , how are you ?	i am doing good . listening to some john denver .	awesome ! i am a huge music fan . taylor swift is my absolute favorite singer	oh . what do you like to do ?	what do you like to do in your spare time ?	i love horses . i grew up on a ranch .	Wow.
dull-2683	hey , what do you do for a living ?	hello , i work in my mommas restaurant .	hey , what do you do for a living ?	hello , i work in my mommas restaurant .	oh nice , that is a cool job . what do you do for fun ?	i read a lot , and go hiking with my dog .	those are both fun things to do .	i have seven siblings , one brother and six sisters . are you an only child ?	i am ! unless there are any surprise siblings that i do not know about .	lucky you ! what do you do for a living ?	i work in a warehouse as a forklift operator !	that is not a bad job . i want to go to school next year .	what do you want to do at school ?	photography . i think i could make a decent living at it .	that would be an awesome job ! is photography a hobby of yours ?	photography . i think i could make a decent living at it .
dull-2684	hi , what is up with you today ?	hi there ! the lord of the rings ! i am a huge binge watcher	hi , what is up with you today ?	hi there ! the lord of the rings ! i am a huge binge watcher	that is awesome . i have never seen them though	well that is between my two part time jobs .	wow , what do you do ?	well that is between my two part time jobs .
dull-2685	he ; ; o . how are you this day	dogs really scares me , i live in an apartment that i rent	he ; ; o . how are you this day	dogs really scares me , i live in an apartment that i rent	they mess with my allergies . plus i have a military disability .	i am doing good and you ? i am a woman at age 32	i am a motherless lonesome fella . i am 46	That is good.
dull-2686	hello , how are you tonight ?	eating some yummy eggplant parmigiana . it is so good .	hello , how are you tonight ?	eating some yummy eggplant parmigiana . it is so good .	i grilled a bear steak earlier , it was awesome .	my dad in australia grills good steak .	does he go to church regularly ?	not really . the ocean is more his spiritual guide .	I like that.
dull-2687	hi ! how are you doing today ?	i am fantastic ! how are you ?	hi ! how are you doing today ?	i am fantastic ! how are you ?	i am doing very well . thanks !	so what do you do for a living ?	i work in real estate . i have been doing it for about 12 years . what about you ?	I don't know what you mean by that.
dull-2688	hi , i sell shoes online , a meat eater and love the rush band . and you ?	my favorite music is rap , tupac is my favorite	hi , i sell shoes online , a meat eater and love the rush band . and you ?	I don't know what you mean by that.
dull-2689	hi , how are you today ?	good , i am in sales , what do you do for your work ?	hi , how are you today ?	good , i am in sales , what do you do for your work ?	i am enjoying a glass of wine , and you ?	i am listening to rush , i love them	i work from home as a skater	cool beans , do you have any other hobbies then sales ?	i like bluegrass , have you heard of that music ?	yeah but i do not like it	well , i like to read and watch youtube videos and you ?	That is a good question.
dull-2690	hello , how are you doing tonight ?	i am well an loving this interaction how are you ?	hello , how are you doing tonight ?	i am well an loving this interaction how are you ?	i am great . i just got back from the club .	this is my favorite time of the year season wise	i would rather eat chocolate cake during this season .	what club did you go to ? me an timothy watched tv	i went to club chino . what show are you watching ?	lol oh okay kind of random	do you live in a house or apartment ?	we watched a show about animals like him	i love those shows . i am really craving cake .	why does that matter any ? i went outdoors to play frisbee	it matters because i have a sweet tooth .	so ? lol i want to meet my family at home in bora	That question does not make sense to me.
dull-2691	hi how are you doing	i am well . how about you ?	hi how are you doing	i am well . how about you ?	i am good getting ready for work	me too . what do you do for a living ?	i am a lawyer long hours	i get that ! i am a doctor . pediatrics to be exact . do anything for fun ?	i like to go running with my dogs	me too ! well , i do not have any dogs , but i run everyday !	its such a great way to exercise and spend time outside	yes , it helps me clear my mind . i also love to read to escape reality sometimes too	yeah ! what state do you live in	california . where do you live ?	yeah ! what state do you live in
dull-2692	hey , do you want to see a photo of my fur babies ?	are they horses ? i love horses .	hey , do you want to see a photo of my fur babies ?	are they horses ? i love horses .	nah , doggies and kitties . how about some photos of my grandbabies ?	that would be great , how many do you have ?	i have six . they are all old now . they give me money though .	that is wonderful , what do you like to do in your spare time ?	i ride my bike a lot , when i am not working .	i like to put on so old john denver and workout myself .	that is really cool . are you married ?	yes , she is great , we love to cook from our garden together .	oh . i wanted you to marry me .	sorry , taken . i am flattered . i am sure you will find someone great .	that is not really good enough for me .	sorry , taken . i am flattered . i am sure you will find someone great .
dull-2693	good morning , it is beautiful today . do you swim to school ?	good morning to you ! no , i ice skate to college .	good morning , it is beautiful today . do you swim to school ?	good morning to you ! no , i ice skate to college .	i could not do that , i have a tail and live in a coral reef .	fun ! we must live in totally different climates . i have been out fishing all day .	the fish and other sea creatures are friends of mine .	i mostly use the animals for food . polar bears taste really good and are fun to hunt .	what are polar bears ? i have never heard of them . i swim with the penguins .	Let me think what I have to say about that!
dull-2694	hi , how has your day been ?	great and how was your day ?	I like that.
dull-2695	how are you doing today ?	hey i am fine how about yourself	how are you doing today ?	hey i am fine how about yourself	i am exhausted ! my neck and my back hurt really bad .	i know that feeling oh too well	how old are you ? i am 75 years old	i am 20 years old	what do you do for work ?	i am a student actually	i joined the air force after school	i am thinking about that next , i just became a father recently	i joined the air force after school
dull-2696	hello , do you like softball and italian food ?	i do , i really love to drive my mustang convertible to an italian restaurant .	hello , do you like softball and italian food ?	i do , i really love to drive my mustang convertible to an italian restaurant .	i go eat when i am finished with taekwondo	oh , i like fitness too , but i am a big person . but it does not stop me .	nor should it ! my husband is a big guy too . he is off on a softball tourney .	being married is wonderful . do you have children ? i adore mine .	no , i do not . i mentor at risk youth though .	that is an important job . my job is a kindergarten teacher , so i can relate .	no , i do not . i mentor at risk youth though .
dull-2697	hello ! i am so happy it is finally fall !	i am too , it really is my favorite season !	hello ! i am so happy it is finally fall !	i am too , it really is my favorite season !	mine too ! the weather is so perfect for ultimate frisbee .	it is also the best season for fashions , my future goals include being a designer !	my future goal is to find a girlfriend for timothy , my turtle .	aww so sweet ! i have put relationships on hold , but someday i see kids in my life .	i am not ready for a relationship right now , even though i love people .	i raised myself with my parents gone , then was caught stealing , so i am working on me .	i am not ready for a relationship right now , even though i love people .
dull-2698	hi how are you today ?	hi . i am good , and you ?	hi how are you today ?	hi . i am good , and you ?	i am hungry how are you ?	i just ate . i have traveled overseas . i have studied in england .	what do you like to do ?	travel when i can . my best friend goes with me . we met in kindergarten .	That is good.
dull-2699	howdy how are we doing tonight i am fine what about your self ?	i am good , just hanging out	howdy how are we doing tonight i am fine what about your self ?	i am good , just hanging out	I am happy for you!
dull-2700	how is this lovely evening treating you ?	it is awesome . how are you ?	how is this lovely evening treating you ?	it is awesome . how are you ?	doing well , feet a little tired after showing 4 houses in the last 2 hours !	that does sound exhausting ! i have been outside with my brothers shoveling the driveway !	snow will be the death of me ! wish i could move back to mississippi	i have never been there ! i love the snow though . it keeps me happy and busy .	i prefer greenery . and living green !	i would not trade the snow for anything . i love winter time .	do you have any interests besides snow ?	well , i have a simple job . but i do like some hard rock .	yeah , who is your favorite artist ?	well , i have a simple job . but i do like some hard rock .
dull-2701	hi , how are you today ?	doing great , how are you ?	hi , how are you today ?	doing great , how are you ?	it has been rough for me and my sister since our parents dies last year .	i am sorry to hear that , how are you dealing with it ?	it is hard here on edris island , so many memories .	consider going on long walks , it would help clear the mind	i like to take our dog ralph for walks .	same , i have a large dog i take for walks	i like to take our dog ralph for walks .
dull-2702	hi how are you doing today ?	am fine and just preparing to go and watch a movie	hi how are you doing today ?	am fine and just preparing to go and watch a movie	That is amazing.
dull-2703	good evening ! how are you	i am good i am eating pizza which is the best food	good evening ! how are you	i am good i am eating pizza which is the best food	that sounds yummy . i am getting ready for bed	i am also i have a big family 6 sisters and one brother	i do not have any family . just my new cat	i work for my moms restaurant part time what do you do ?	i make clothing , i make all my own clothes and also sell some	cool i wish i could do that . i stutter when i get excited with things	you should try singing . i sing folk music .	good idea . i like to read romances about paranormal things	that is a very specific interest	do you like to watch movies ?	not really . i like listening to music more	cool what kind of music do you like ?	I don't have a good answer to that.
dull-2704	how are you doing today	i am great ! i am sarah ! how are you today ?	how are you doing today	i am great ! i am sarah ! how are you today ?	i am great listening to john denver	that sounds like fun . i am researching for my next trip .	where are you going to	going back to asia , just can not decide the destination . any hobbies ? i love travel .	what is it like ther	i love the culture . its very rich and diverse . i spent half of college there .	what did you do in college	i studied anthropology and world religion .	that sounds interesting . what did you do with it	i work for a group that proves the validity of the jewish faith .	that sounds new and interesting	what kind of job do you have ?	Let me think what I have to say about that!
dull-2705	hello , how are you tonight ? i am looking at the fishing maps .	That is a great question.
dull-2706	did you know that working at whole foods means you can ride a horse to work ? !	not really , i am studying at the university up state learning biology .	Awesome!
dull-2707	hey there w are you ?	pretty good . my three daughters and i just saw heart in concert .	hey there w are you ?	pretty good . my three daughters and i just saw heart in concert .	i despise cats , so devilish .	that is funny . mine just caught a mole today , it was yucky .	i despise cats , so devilish .
dull-2708	did you know that working at whole foods means you can ride a horse to work ? !	not really , i am studying at the university up state learning biology .	did you know that working at whole foods means you can ride a horse to work ? !	not really , i am studying at the university up state learning biology .
dull-2709	hello there , how are you ?	hi there ! i am well , and you ?	hello there , how are you ?	Nice!
dull-2710	hi there ! just finished shopping ! love it !	hello how are you today	hi there ! just finished shopping ! love it !	hello how are you today	i love clothes and models ! cant wait to get to auburn to study it !	why are you taking so long to answer ?	why are others ? sorry . i love to drive beetles .	i like to get to know new people	i know plenty in high school i am 17 .	autumn is my favorite time of the year	nice ! this is my senior year in school , so i am enjoying fall .	autumn is my favorite time of the year
dull-2711	hi , i have a cat , dog , bird and fish . no children . no soda just water .	you have a lot of pets	hi , i have a cat , dog , bird and fish . no children . no soda just water .	you have a lot of pets	yes ! you ? i like being by myself .	i have two kids . that keeps me busy enough . lol	great ! i work for ups part time .	that is a busy job especially around the holidays	true ! single life is great . married ?	actually not anymore . it is a long story	i see . i live by myself and love bottled water . you ?	i like bottled water too	I see.
dull-2712	hello . hope you are doing great today	i was doing fine until i saw a spider in the corner !	hello . hope you are doing great today	i was doing fine until i saw a spider in the corner !
dull-2713	i just became a dad for the first time !	i love some luke bryant how about you ?	i just became a dad for the first time !	i love some luke bryant how about you ?	i am not sure who that is , my favorite media is the movie titanic .	he is a country star , ice tea and chilling on the porch	do you have a family ?	yes still young trying hoping to make my own soon	having a kid is a big step up from having only ginger my golden retriever .	lol i bet , well my baby right now is my computer	will you go to school for computers . i studied abroad .	lol i bet , well my baby right now is my computer
dull-2714	hey , how are you today ?	i hate my weight from my three kids	hey , how are you today ?	i hate my weight from my three kids	i am sorry to heart that . how old are your kids ?	it sucks because they are a drain on my life	i will have to pass this info along to my brother . he just got married	it sucks because they are a drain on my life
dull-2715	hey , what do you do for a living ?	hello , i work in my mommas restaurant .	hey , what do you do for a living ?	hello , i work in my mommas restaurant .	oh nice , that is a cool job . what do you do for fun ?	i read a lot , and go hiking with my dog .	I see.
dull-2716	hey there how are you ?	not bad its a beautiful night in california and you ?	hey there how are you ?	not bad its a beautiful night in california and you ?	it is pretty cold here , like body builders ?	yes they are pretty cool	yes i try to be	haha do you ever cosplay i got into it lately at school	no i do not i just write a blog on rabbit rescues lol	nice i go to homeschool but they let me do events at public school	really that is cool you like ?	its ok parents pulled me from public saying its too dangerous	i understand i would probably do the same	what color is your hair ? i dyed mine blue and not sure why	Let me think what I have to say about that!
dull-2717	drink more water . tracy here . nice to meet you .	i drink water when i hike . my name is suzie .	drink more water . tracy here . nice to meet you .	i drink water when i hike . my name is suzie .	great ! hi sus . i love my three children and my cat named grace . you ?	i have two boys , blake and wesley .	get out ! my huband name is wesley blake . he work nights .	what a coincidence ! i am an accountant during the day .	get out ! i work during the day too ! i hate my weight .	you should take up hiking . it is beautiful in the country in ohio .	no not the kid ! i am scared of heights . cats are my friends though .	yeah , walking is pretty easy though . i like being in nature .	oh okay . you have children ? a spouse ? a dog ?	i just have the two boys , and am a single mom . we do not have pets .	awww . that is precious . do have a vegetable garden ?	i just have the two boys , and am a single mom . we do not have pets .
dull-2718	hey hows your day going sir	hehe , i am actually a miss . it is going well , what about yourself ?	hey hows your day going sir	hehe , i am actually a miss . it is going well , what about yourself ?	oops sorry miss haha . i am doing good . feeding my 3 dogs	what are their names ? i do not have any pets , my two boys are enough !	haha kids . . am i right ?	oh you are . luckily my job is mostly paperwork . . . what do you do for a living ?	oh that sounds nice . i work at a salon . . hairstylist .	maybe you could do my hair sometime !	haha sure . except on sundays . that is when i watch football	that is okay , i spend my weekends hiking , usually .	oh that sounds fun . i am about to order pizza . want some ?	that is okay , i spend my weekends hiking , usually .
dull-2719	good morning , have you went for a walk yet ? simon and i have .	hello ! my morning is great . no school today since i graduated from college .	good morning , have you went for a walk yet ? simon and i have .	hello ! my morning is great . no school today since i graduated from college .	very nice ! i am a retired banker , and sew . do you have any hobbies ?	i enjoy walking but my favorite hobby is participating in board games .	very fun ! i like monopoly . they have a quilting edition	i am terrible at seeing but enjoy perusing biographies .	i do not care for them at all . i like dean koontz .	my brother , who just said i do , loves monopoly !	how wonderful ! if he needs any investment advice , please have him call me .	my brother , who just said i do , loves monopoly !
dull-2720	hello ! what do you do for a living ?	i am in school studying law	hello ! what do you do for a living ?	i am in school studying law	really ? so am i ! i want to be a lawyer .	i am in school studying law
dull-2721	hi ! what is your name ?	amanda . what do they call you ?	hi ! what is your name ?	amanda . what do they call you ?	hi amanda . i am lucy . what are you up to ?	enjoying a much needed night off with my pup . you ?	sounds fun . i am getting things ready for work tomorrow .	cool beans . where are you working ?	sounds fun . i am getting things ready for work tomorrow .
dull-2722	hi , how are you today ?	good , i am in sales , what do you do for your work ?	hi , how are you today ?	good , i am in sales , what do you do for your work ?	i am enjoying a glass of wine , and you ?	i am listening to rush , i love them	i work from home as a skater	cool beans , do you have any other hobbies then sales ?	i like bluegrass , have you heard of that music ?	yeah but i do not like it	well , i like to read and watch youtube videos and you ?	i like to eat meat and plants , i eat both	fun fact about me is that i had a tail at birth , it was removed .	yeah my friend had that removed at his wedding last week when i attended	it was removed right way thou so i do not remember it .	yeah my friend had that removed at his wedding last week when i attended
dull-2723	hey there how are you ?	hello , i am doing great today what about you ?	hey there how are you ?	hello , i am doing great today what about you ?	i am well just tired , all the little ones in my class are busy	i am thinking about riding my bike tomorrow after work .	really ? cool have any pets ? i do .	i volunteered today at the homeless shelter . i like helping others .	that is sweet of you , i just got out of college 2 years ago	wow , just 2 years ago , i have grown children that have completed college	i still have roommates here in seattle	i hear it rains a lot out there	i still have roommates here in seattle
dull-2724	how are you doing today ?	i am good . what is your occupation ?	how are you doing today ?	i am good . what is your occupation ?	i actually do not have a job right now . i go to school	oh . i always wanted to do fashion , but i had a rough life growing up .	i am into science . i plan on being a marine biologist	cool . stay focus . my parents were never around . i started stealing and got arrested .	i am so sorry . it sounds like you have had a tough life	yeah . when i was in high school , my best friend stole my boyfriend . rough !	oh that is awful ! are you from the us ?	yeah . when i was in high school , my best friend stole my boyfriend . rough !
dull-2725	how is this lovely evening treating you ?	it is awesome . how are you ?	how is this lovely evening treating you ?	it is awesome . how are you ?	doing well , feet a little tired after showing 4 houses in the last 2 hours !	that does sound exhausting ! i have been outside with my brothers shoveling the driveway !	snow will be the death of me ! wish i could move back to mississippi	i have never been there ! i love the snow though . it keeps me happy and busy .	i prefer greenery . and living green !	i would not trade the snow for anything . i love winter time .	do you have any interests besides snow ?	well , i have a simple job . but i do like some hard rock .	yeah , who is your favorite artist ?	i recently got a guitar signed by metallica , so i really like metallica , obviously .	lars is the best ! the endurance of drummers , right ?	yes ! i have been to several concerts and they never disappoint .	That is very interesting.
dull-2726	hello , do you like tupac ?	i love tupac . he is great to listen to while weightlifting .	hello , do you like tupac ?	i love tupac . he is great to listen to while weightlifting .	i listen to him while playing tennis and running .	that sounds bold . you remind me of theodore roosevelt . who do you look up to ?	indiana jones . i want to be just like him .	i used to act out his movies at home with my sister .	my friends and i do that as well . it is so fun .	we should get together and act . we could pretend to rescue rabbits for my blog .	i have a blog as well , a photography one .	we should get together and act . we could pretend to rescue rabbits for my blog .
dull-2727	i love the early mornings , its my time alone . without the kiddos and wifey , lol	hello nice to meet you !	i love the early mornings , its my time alone . without the kiddos and wifey , lol	hello nice to meet you !	you as well . you play poker ?	no , imam not into that . . i like to travel . . visited 6 countries already	nice ! i used to travel , took wine tours of italy , that stopped when i quit drinking .	good choice ! what do you do ? i , a biology teacher at college	Wow, great question!
dull-2728	hey ! how are you doing ?	you know , busy with 3 daughters . you ?	hey ! how are you doing ?	you know , busy with 3 daughters . you ?	i do not have any kids but my dogs keep me busy	what kind of dog do you have ? we might get one	That is a good question.
dull-2729	hi , i was a geology teacher awhile ago , please tell me something interesting about you	hey there what you up too	hi , i was a geology teacher awhile ago , please tell me something interesting about you	hey there what you up too	nothing much , i just got done finishing arctic exploring , ice fishing and stuff	cool , my mom had a hard job as a army nurse	is she still working there ?	no thank god , i kind of got a cat it was a stray	is that your passions cat ? i like to find long lost arctic explorers	no it is not mine is clothes an singing folk music	well whatever keeps your mind active , i was a geology teacher and it was boring	i bet it is lol	yeah that is why i am in the arctic , i feel super bad	your students were in what grade ?	i did not do good , i failed most of my classes and i am dyslexic	why ? it is freezing there	That is a great question.
dull-2730	hi how are you today	i am fine thank you , how about u ?	I don't have a good answer to that.
dull-2731	i love riding horses in this weather . do you have any fun hobbies ?	i enjoy barbecue , and weight lifting .	i love riding horses in this weather . do you have any fun hobbies ?	i enjoy barbecue , and weight lifting .	i used to do some weight lifting before i injured my leg .	i am very tall , it is the only thing i can comfortably do .	i injured it in college and again last year falling off a horse .	i have never ridden a horse , is it difficult ?	now i am old and it hurts every day . i have to keep it propped up	i drive a forklift and i have to prop mine up as well .	its easy to ride . i love riding them as long as i do not fall off again .	what else do you do for fun ?	i used to drive a forklift and they made me shave my face everyday	they do not make me do that .	i plan my retirement for fun . i hope to be able to retire soon	i do too , i want to travel .	i plan my retirement for fun . i hope to be able to retire soon
dull-2732	hi there , how are you today ?	i am great ! just got home from working with dogs all day !	hi there , how are you today ?	i am great ! just got home from working with dogs all day !	oh you have dogs ? i have two chow chow .	i love dogs ! i have dogs and i get to train them at work , too !	i wish i could take my dogs out . i just had a surgery not long ago .	i hope you feel better soon . what do you like to do for fun ?	Let me think what I have to say about that!
dull-2733	hi there , just got home from my job at mcdonalds and ready to chat .	i just got home from the synagogue . do you go to church ?	hi there , just got home from my job at mcdonalds and ready to chat .	i just got home from the synagogue . do you go to church ?	no church for me . i plan to job search for something better , any suggestions ?	That is a good question.
dull-2734	hello , how are you doing ?	pretty good . listening to barry manila now	hello , how are you doing ?	pretty good . listening to barry manila now	does he require more postage to be sent ?	do you have pets ? i have 2 dogs and a few cats	there are a few dogs that live on the rez , but none of them are mine personally	oh so are you an american indian ?	i am indeed ! cherokee all the way baby	it is nice to be so into your heritage	thank you i might overcompensate since i cannot really get into the spiritual side of it	you need to be true to yourself .	true that . i am super short and scared of heights , so i guess those are fairly consistent	you need to be true to yourself .
dull-2735	hi how are you tonight	pretty good and you tonight ?	hi how are you tonight	pretty good and you tonight ?	hanging out with my army buddies	nice what are you doing together ?	relaxing after a long day in the field	what did you do there ?	just war training , what did you do today ?	just went to my classes really	high school or college student ?	college . how old are you ?	i am only twenty , after i leave the army i will go to college	impressive i am a 22 year old woman	hey you just got me by two years lol	yeah do you have lots of friends ?	Wow, great question!
dull-2736	hey , how are you doing today ?	i am doing well . how are you ?	I don't know what you mean by that.
dull-2737	hi how are you today	good , how are you ? i just finished reading a new drama book	hi how are you today	good , how are you ? i just finished reading a new drama book	i am good where do you work	at a club in downtown miami . i just moved here from california	you ever worked a forklift ?	That is a good question.
dull-2738	hi , i am 20 years old and i am a guy , who are you ?	i am a 19 year old girl studying fashion design	hi , i am 20 years old and i am a guy , who are you ?	i am a 19 year old girl studying fashion design	nice i am in the army and i am in south korea now	my parents are army , and were never home , how long have you been there ?	fir years , i am naturally a violent person , i hope we have a nuclear war	i have been arrested for theft , but no violence	i was violent in puerto rico , that where i was born	so pro nuke but from puerto rico , any thoughts on potus ?	i was violent in puerto rico , that where i was born
dull-2739	hey ! how are you doing ?	you know , busy with 3 daughters . you ?	hey ! how are you doing ?	you know , busy with 3 daughters . you ?	i do not have any kids but my dogs keep me busy	what kind of dog do you have ? we might get one	i have a german shephard and a black lab . you totally should	i would enjoy a dalmatian . my ex kept the poodle in the divorce	oh that is horrible . i am so sorry about that	i would enjoy a dalmatian . my ex kept the poodle in the divorce
dull-2740	hi , how are you ? what are your hopes and dreams ?	hi . well , i hope i can do more camping and hiking . you ?	hi , how are you ? what are your hopes and dreams ?	hi . well , i hope i can do more camping and hiking . you ?	i am a single lady in a new york apartment .	i am a single guy in florida .	i am more into books , movies and cooking . i would love to be a chef .	my father , who is retired and i grill steaks and burgers on the weekends .	yum ! i love any food off of the grill !	my father , who is retired and i grill steaks and burgers on the weekends .
dull-2741	how are you ? where are you from ? i am a male from texas , 28 years old .	I don't have a good answer to that.
dull-2742	hello how are you doing i am doing okay .	my dog ginger watches the titantic movie with me every time its on .	hello how are you doing i am doing okay .	my dog ginger watches the titantic movie with me every time its on .	i love listening to music very relaxing .	cool ! i was an exchanged student .	i am kind of huge for 8 feet tall . i do not like my weight .	hmmm . wow ! i met my son for the first time today .	wonderful that is a happy moment i have to attend school soon .	yes it is ! i love putting together model cars .	great sounds like a cool activity i have a small family and one parent .	hmmm . ginger is my golden retriever .	oh i love animals i bet she is beautiful . i have to hear some music .	hmmm . titanic is something to see for the eleven times .	yes i have that movie and watched it more then 11 times .	hmmm . titanic is something to see for the eleven times .
dull-2743	hi how are you today ?	hello there i am fine and you ?	hi how are you today ?	hello there i am fine and you ?	pretty good do you have pets ?	Wow.
dull-2744	how are you doing today	i am great ! i am sarah ! how are you today ?	Wow, great question!
dull-2745	hello i am sam how are you ?	i am scared of heights	hello i am sam how are you ?	i am scared of heights	do not blame you they are scary	you like religion ? i do not	no not at all . do you workout ?	i do lawyer work lol i am the lawyer	Wow.
dull-2746	to whom do i have the pleasure of accompanying me today ?	my name is carol . how are you today ?	to whom do i have the pleasure of accompanying me today ?	my name is carol . how are you today ?	lonely carol , i sit here with my two cats stumped .	Awesome!
dull-2747	hello , do you like softball and italian food ?	i do , i really love to drive my mustang convertible to an italian restaurant .	hello , do you like softball and italian food ?	That is a good question.
dull-2748	how are you tonight , i just got back from hiking .	i am great ! that is cool , i just got home from hunting .	how are you tonight , i just got back from hiking .	i am great ! that is cool , i just got home from hunting .	so we both like outdoors , i am in ohio .	i do like the outdoors . . . as well as restoring classic cars . i am in missouri .	when i am not in my office doing accounting , i am with my 2 boys .	that is good . i work as a handyman for a company that rents properties .	i wish i was handy , being a single mom and all .	that is good . i work as a handyman for a company that rents properties .
dull-2749	hi ! do you have any hobbies ?	mostly playing poker . what about you ?	hi ! do you have any hobbies ?	mostly playing poker . what about you ?	nice ! i like space so building model spaceships is mine	that is cool . do you have family ? i am married with three kids .	nice ! i like space so building model spaceships is mine
dull-2750	hey there how are you ?	I don't have a good answer to that.
dull-2751	hey there how are you i seen a spider an cried i hate snakes too	i am good . yikes i hate spiders too	hey there how are you i seen a spider an cried i hate snakes too	i am good . yikes i hate spiders too
dull-2752	good night , are you a police officer	yes , i would like to arrest you . also draw art on the side .	good night , are you a police officer	yes , i would like to arrest you . also draw art on the side .	haha i not going back to jail	you have to , unless you want to clean out the research cages for me .	lol , i want you to arrest my best friend	are their toes webbed like mine are ?	lol no i do not think so	five feet tall here and packing guns like a monster .	do you have kids of your own	yes , but i put them all in a jail cell .	haha ! you can send them to me i want them	you take kids that do not belong to you ? child trafficker ?	I don't have a good answer to that.
dull-2753	hi are you working today ? i am going to style some dog hair	hello , no . i am in the gym as today is leg day .	hi are you working today ? i am going to style some dog hair	hello , no . i am in the gym as today is leg day .	my third husband died at the gym so i do not go there anymore	that is horrid . did he like tim mcgraw ? my kid sister and i do .	no he was into british bands . i try to sound british to attract men sometimes	I am very happy to hear that.
dull-2754	hey there how are you ?	i write books , cookbooks about diet	hey there how are you ?	i write books , cookbooks about diet	i am always tired but i am a old man	i am fine , i also have a dieting business that is growing .	what is the name of it ? i got 1 leg only	try to have pets , i have a dog and 2 cats it gives me energy	oh man , i use to serve the military	you are a very brave person , i love to exercise for long hours	really ? i got a wheel chair it goes fast	i respect you ! do you like plays ? i do .	I love that.
dull-2755	hi there . i am lucy . what is your name ?	my name is jason . how are you ?	hi there . i am lucy . what is your name ?	my name is jason . how are you ?	i am doing well . i just got off work i am a secretary at my office .	oh i see . i am a single female , 32 , i do the same job .	i am single too . i graduated college a year ago . i played soccer there .	what position ? i played soccer in high school , i want to cook for a living	i am single too . i graduated college a year ago . i played soccer there .
dull-2756	i am just sitting here making a dress . how are you ?	i am fine , just left the hospital	i am just sitting here making a dress . how are you ?	i am fine , just left the hospital	is everything okay with your health ?	oh yes . . . i work there as a nurse	my mom was a nurse in the army	cool . . . what do you do for a living	i sell clothing that i make . i also manage a program for environmental care	it takes special talent to make clothes	yes , i love creating my own designs . do you have any pets ?	oh no , i can not stand cats and i am allergic to everything . you ?	i took in a stray cat . i fed him once and he never left .	that was sweet of you	yeah . i really love animals	so do you have any hobbies ?	i spend most of my time on clothing designs . that is my hobby	I love that.
dull-2757	hey there how are you today ? i hate dogs i run everytime	I don't have a good answer to that.
dull-2758	hi how are you ? i am still recovering from my friends wedding	i am good . weddings are so fun . did they have good music ?	That is a good question.
dull-2759	it is a beautiful beach day . how are you ?	sad , struggling to make ends meet from all my bills	it is a beautiful beach day . how are you ?	sad , struggling to make ends meet from all my bills	i am sorry to hear that . i am on a diet so i am hungry	at least you can eat i can not afford to	my dad owns a car dealership so maybe i can get you a better job ?	i would love that , thank you for that	of course . i feel spoiled . i just paid to get my nails done	that is awesome you are so luckily	i did grown up very lucky . i want to help you be lucky now	you are so kind do you work in car sales as well ?	yes , i help my dad out here and there . when will you be able to work ?	That question does not make sense to me.
dull-2760	hello , how are you ? did you eat your bacon this morning ?	no ! i am a jew ! i assume you like bacon ?	hello , how are you ? did you eat your bacon this morning ?	no ! i am a jew ! i assume you like bacon ?	i like meat . steaks are cool too . you can have one of those	yeah , that is fine . i prefer savoury foods to sweet anyway . do you like music ?	i do . i have a killer stereo in my raptor . do you like to hike and camp ?	Let me think what I have to say about that!
dull-2761	hi . just chilling to john denver after my work out . how about you ?	hi , just studying for my college exam . hows it going	hi . just chilling to john denver after my work out . how about you ?	hi , just studying for my college exam . hows it going	good . what are you taking in college ?	what kind of music do you like to listen to ?	john denver . how about you ?	i love playing sports so i am studying in the field of sports medicine .	interesting . work out each day myself . what sports do you like ?	what do you do on the weekends ?	spend time with my horses . you ?	what kind of horse do you have ? i hike .	a variety . my favorite is my arabian . i grew up on a ranch .	i am 22 how old are you ?	45 . but i do not look it . all the working out is working for me .	i grew up with morgans . i love horses .	45 . but i do not look it . all the working out is working for me .
dull-2762	hi ! what have you been doing today ?	hello . i just dropped my daughter off at school now i am drinking some tea .	hi ! what have you been doing today ?	hello . i just dropped my daughter off at school now i am drinking some tea .	I see.
dull-2763	did you know that working at whole foods means you can ride a horse to work ? !	not really , i am studying at the university up state learning biology .	did you know that working at whole foods means you can ride a horse to work ? !	not really , i am studying at the university up state learning biology .	that is cool . hoping to go to med school ?	Let me think what I have to say about that!
dull-2764	hi . how is your day going ?	great , just got home from work . how are you ?	hi . how is your day going ?	great , just got home from work . how are you ?	not bad . the teens at the shelter were great today . what is your profession ?	i work at a help desk . so you work with homeless teens ?	Awesome!
dull-2765	hello , how are you tonight ?	hi i am good . how are you	hello , how are you tonight ?	hi i am good . how are you	very well , thank you . waiting to go do a little hunting in a few .	hunting would be fun , but i only have the one leg after my accident .	i am sorry to hear that . i hunt for food , my sister lives a few houses over .	gotta live , right ? ! i get way too tired way too fast	we hike a lot , and then go to church on sunday . do you attend ?	i do . being an older guy , i keep my faith in god strong	Awesome!
dull-2766	hello , how are you tonight ?	hi i am good . how are you	hello , how are you tonight ?	hi i am good . how are you	very well , thank you . waiting to go do a little hunting in a few .	hunting would be fun , but i only have the one leg after my accident .	i am sorry to hear that . i hunt for food , my sister lives a few houses over .	gotta live , right ? ! i get way too tired way too fast	we hike a lot , and then go to church on sunday . do you attend ?	i do . being an older guy , i keep my faith in god strong	that is how my daddy raised me as well .	good to hear others still have faith .	it is . do you have any pets ?	2 dogs , 2 cats , and 2 bearded dragons .	I see.
dull-2767	hey ! do you like music ? i like metallica .	i like country music mostly	hey ! do you like music ? i like metallica .	i like country music mostly	oh i see . tell me more about yourself .	i like the color green and teddy bears . work for red cross	nice . i was raised in wisconsin and have two male siblings .	are you the baby of the family	no i am the oldest actually .	i bet that was fun growing up	yes . we spent a lot of time in the snow . i like winter and snow .	i wish i would of had siblings at times	what do you do for living ? i do consulting at a management company .	i am a nurse love working with the elderly	Awesome!
dull-2768	hello , how are you doing ?	doing great watching a little sports on tv	hello , how are you doing ?	doing great watching a little sports on tv	very cool , i used to watch soccer when i traveled abroad	i enjoy watching soccer a lot . i played some sports in high school .	very cool , i used to watch soccer when i traveled abroad
dull-2769	hi . how are you today ?	great ! how are you doing ?	hi . how are you today ?	great ! how are you doing ?	not happy . crabby actually . maybe i should listen to my favorite band .	oh no ! i am sorry . what is your favorite band ?	i like simple plan . do you have a favorite music group ?	i like rock , but i like a wide variety too	i try to listen to stuff at work that the animals like . i am a kennel cleaner .	oh neat ! i have a dog named ginger . do you have pets too ?	Wow, great question!
dull-2770	good morning , have you went for a walk yet ? simon and i have .	hello ! my morning is great . no school today since i graduated from college .	good morning , have you went for a walk yet ? simon and i have .	hello ! my morning is great . no school today since i graduated from college .	very nice ! i am a retired banker , and sew . do you have any hobbies ?	i enjoy walking but my favorite hobby is participating in board games .	I see.
dull-2771	hello how are you this evening ?	hello good i start my first in college next year	hello how are you this evening ?	hello good i start my first in college next year	That is cool.
dull-2772	hi ! what is your name ?	That is a good question.
dull-2773	hi want to get to know each other ?	I don't have a good answer to that.
dull-2774	hello . i am eating sausage and bacon for breakfast . what are you having ?	Let me think what I have to say about that!
dull-2775	hi , tracy here . divorce , two kids , ex named doug .	hi , its good you are part of your kids lives i did not know my mother .	hi , tracy here . divorce , two kids , ex named doug .	hi , its good you are part of your kids lives i did not know my mother .	oh okay ! i move around alot and hand make things that i sell online .	i move around a lot too went into the army right out of highschool .	a military man . my ex was a marine .	yeah , divorce is hard . any pets ? i always wanted a dog but i am allergic .	no . i wish you knew your mother . my parents love my kids . their divorced too .	no , its ok i probably got the colorblind gene from her . plus my dad was great .	no . i wish you knew your mother . my parents love my kids . their divorced too .
dull-2776	good morning , it is beautiful today . do you swim to school ?	good morning to you ! no , i ice skate to college .	Awesome!
dull-2777	drink more water . tracy here . nice to meet you .	i drink water when i hike . my name is suzie .	drink more water . tracy here . nice to meet you .	i drink water when i hike . my name is suzie .	great ! hi sus . i love my three children and my cat named grace . you ?	i have two boys , blake and wesley .	That is very interesting.
dull-2778	i just finish what i usually enjoy doing mills cooking	that is good . what is mills cooking ?	i just finish what i usually enjoy doing mills cooking	that is good . what is mills cooking ?	sorry for the typo it s meal	i am not really into cooking . i like fashion ! i love to clothes and shopping !	the interesting part is i got the ingredients from my garden	i do not really do that kind of stuff . i am only 17 .	so you probably don t know jan them over	no i do not . i am going to graduate high school in june .	i meant john denver is my favorite	i do not know who he is ?	he is a musician i listen to his music while i m doing work out	that is cool . i love listening to music in my volkswagen beetle .	that car is nice to drive in a ranch i grew up in the horses ranch	i am going to start auburn university in august .	that car is nice to drive in a ranch i grew up in the horses ranch
dull-2779	hi how are you doing	i am well . how about you ?	hi how are you doing	I like that.
dull-2780	hello , how are you tonight ?	eating some yummy eggplant parmigiana . it is so good .	hello , how are you tonight ?	eating some yummy eggplant parmigiana . it is so good .	i grilled a bear steak earlier , it was awesome .	my dad in australia grills good steak .	does he go to church regularly ?	not really . the ocean is more his spiritual guide .	i know the ocean guides very well . i drive a ford .	is it a pinto ? i had one of those before becoming a stock broker .	no , a raptor . i need the horsepower .	awesome . any brothers and sisters ? i have a few and a dog charlie too .	no , just me . my parents divorced when i was a baby .	i am sorry to hear that . hope they were both there for you .	they were . daddy took me hunting and fishing .	i am sorry to hear that . hope they were both there for you .
dull-2781	i was wondering if you have any advice on getting rid of spiders inside	i do not to scared lol	i was wondering if you have any advice on getting rid of spiders inside	i do not to scared lol	me too . i can make up scarier characters , but not squish a spider	lol why not ? what is your fav color ?	navy blue , black , grey , white . where did you go to college ?	I don't know what you mean by that.
dull-2782	hello . . . how are you today ?	i am great . just cuddling with my two cats . . and you ?	hello . . . how are you today ?	i am great . just cuddling with my two cats . . and you ?	i am doing quite well . . . i am allergic to cats and mangoes .	that sucks . i am writing a romance novel . what are your hobbies ?	i like collecting civil war antiques . i am also a dog groomer .	i reside on an island far away and it has made me an introvert .	oh my . . . . i guess we are both a bit eccentric . are you married ?	i reside on an island far away and it has made me an introvert .
dull-2783	hi i am 14 years old how old are you	i am a 40 year old man .	hi i am 14 years old how old are you	i am a 40 year old man .	i can not wait to see your age i am still a young man in middle school	you should enjoy being young . what do you want to do when you finish school ?	i want to be an big time movie actor what career are you in	i do maintenance and repair on homes . do you plan on attending college ?	yes i want to attend a broadway school pink floyd encouraged that	That is very interesting.
dull-2784	i am getting hungry , how about you ?	i just ate with my two boys . i am a single mom .	i am getting hungry , how about you ?	i just ate with my two boys . i am a single mom .	tell me it was vegan food please , that is all i eat .	nope , i am a meat eater . do you drive ? my car is a honda civic .	I don't have a good answer to that.
dull-2785	good morning ? do you have any jobs	good afternoon from pennsylvania . i am currently a medical scribe preparing to apply to medical school .	good morning ? do you have any jobs	good afternoon from pennsylvania . i am currently a medical scribe preparing to apply to medical school .	That is very interesting.
dull-2786	how is this lovely evening treating you ?	it is awesome . how are you ?	how is this lovely evening treating you ?	it is awesome . how are you ?	That question does not make sense to me.
dull-2787	hi how are you doing ?	i am great . i am watching lord of the rings .	hi how are you doing ?	i am great . i am watching lord of the rings .	i live in the mountains that look like the ones in the films	i am great . i am watching lord of the rings .
dull-2788	hi there , how are you ?	i am well . how are you	hi there , how are you ?	i am well . how are you	i am good . what do you like to do for fun ?	i sing in a popular band here in town . you ?	i work for a technology company .	Nice!
dull-2789	hey , do you want to see a photo of my fur babies ?	are they horses ? i love horses .	hey , do you want to see a photo of my fur babies ?	are they horses ? i love horses .	nah , doggies and kitties . how about some photos of my grandbabies ?	that would be great , how many do you have ?	i have six . they are all old now . they give me money though .	that is wonderful , what do you like to do in your spare time ?	i ride my bike a lot , when i am not working .	i like to put on so old john denver and workout myself .	that is really cool . are you married ?	yes , she is great , we love to cook from our garden together .	oh . i wanted you to marry me .	yes , she is great , we love to cook from our garden together .
dull-2790	hello ! how are you doing ?	Let me think what I have to say about that!
dull-2791	hello i am sam how are you ?	i am scared of heights	hello i am sam how are you ?	i am scared of heights	do not blame you they are scary	you like religion ? i do not	no not at all . do you workout ?	i do lawyer work lol i am the lawyer	oh if i ever need one i can give you a call	i am here , like tall buildings ?	from afar lol i am in the medical field	where are you lol	i live in maine its upper northeast usa	where are you lol
dull-2792	hi , how are you doing today ?	hey , i am doing good . how about you ? what are you up to ?	hi , how are you doing today ?	hey , i am doing good . how about you ? what are you up to ?	just having a glass of iced tea after a long day . what do you like to drink ?	maybe a nice glass of wine while i finish my eggplant parmigiana for dinner .	sounds yummy are you a vegetarian ?	no , not really . are you ? if i leave some food , my dog charlie will eat it .	no , but many pf my friends from canada are vegan . i love dogs .	i will take my dog to visit my folks in australia soon . will be interesting .	sounds like fun . brisbane ? queensland ?	sydney . i will go there after the stock markets slow down for winter .	Nice!
dull-2793	hello ! how are you today ?	i am great ! i just got done with a big biology test . how are you ?	hello ! how are you today ?	i am great ! i just got done with a big biology test . how are you ?	good . just a long day in middle school ! how old are you ?	i am 20 years old and studying in college . and you ?	i am 14 and cannot wait for college ! what are you studying ?	i am studying marine biology . i love marine life and the ocean .	Nice!
dull-2794	hi . just finished plying a round of second life . what are you up to today ?	That is a good question.
dull-2795	hi , want to get to know each other	ure . what is your name ? and what do you do for a living ?	hi , want to get to know each other	ure . what is your name ? and what do you do for a living ?	my name is tammi . but i do not work	oh okay . well , what do you like to do for fun ?	i like music a lot . especially country	awesome ! i am into music , too . it is my job !	i like music a lot . especially country
dull-2796	hello , how are you tonight ?	hi i am good . how are you	hello , how are you tonight ?	hi i am good . how are you	very well , thank you . waiting to go do a little hunting in a few .	hunting would be fun , but i only have the one leg after my accident .	i am sorry to hear that . i hunt for food , my sister lives a few houses over .	gotta live , right ? ! i get way too tired way too fast	Wow, great question!
dull-2797	hi what are you up to ? i am relaxing with pedro my puppy	hello , i am reading a novel .	hi what are you up to ? i am relaxing with pedro my puppy	hello , i am reading a novel .	what about ? wish i had more time to read but as a nurse i do not	i am studying to be a chef . my romance novel is about two cooks !	cool ! i do not really have hobbies but i do love eating muffins !	we would get along since i like to bake !	oh yes ! i am pretty short so i always need a stool if i try to bake	you are funny ! how short are you ?	five feet ! not a little person but certainly not tall	i am only five feet and five inches , so i am short too . are you married ?	five feet ! not a little person but certainly not tall
dull-2798	hi what are you up to ? i am relaxing with pedro my puppy	hello , i am reading a novel .	I am happy for you!
dull-2799	hi my name is lauren . i like to gamble and play games . what about you	hi i am david . i love to play poker and run .	hi my name is lauren . i like to gamble and play games . what about you	hi i am david . i love to play poker and run .	i also enjoy poker . i like running but prefer swimming	what do you do for a living ?	i am an animal care tech , what do you do ?	i am just going to college for now .	that is cool , whats your major ? where do you live ?	i live in tennessee and i am majoring in education to become a teacher .	very nice . what grade would you like to teach ? i like in new jersey	i would prefer to teach elementary education .	I love that.
dull-2800	how are you doing tonight ?	i am ok . practicing my british accent . i fake it to be cool and pick up guys .	how are you doing tonight ?	i am ok . practicing my british accent . i fake it to be cool and pick up guys .	that is good . are you excited for the holidays ?	no . being alone makes me dread holidays . i was married 4 times , 3 times widowed .	what happened to your first wife ?	That question does not make sense to me.
dull-2801	hello , how are you doing today ?	i am doing great . just having a few slices of bacon for breakfast . you ?	hello , how are you doing today ?	i am doing great . just having a few slices of bacon for breakfast . you ?	i am working on a paper for class . pulled an all nighter .	i did a lot of those when i was in school learning to be an engineer	engineer ? nice . i am going for biology .	i did a lot of those when i was in school learning to be an engineer
dull-2802	hey there how are you ?	i write books , cookbooks about diet	hey there how are you ?	i write books , cookbooks about diet	i am always tired but i am a old man	i am fine , i also have a dieting business that is growing .	what is the name of it ? i got 1 leg only	try to have pets , i have a dog and 2 cats it gives me energy	oh man , i use to serve the military	you are a very brave person , i love to exercise for long hours	really ? i got a wheel chair it goes fast	i respect you ! do you like plays ? i do .	goodnight there see ya later	Wow.
dull-2803	hello . hope you are doing great today	i was doing fine until i saw a spider in the corner !	hello . hope you are doing great today	i was doing fine until i saw a spider in the corner !	you let it go or kill it ?	i ran away . i wish i had a husband or kids to kill it for me	i once found a black widow in my yard	do you like spiders ? how old are you ?	i am 30 . you sound lonely . what do u do for living ?	i am pretty lonely that is true . lost parents 2 years ago .	sorry to hear that . i have a father only , wish i have a spouse	i work as a science fiction writer . what do you do ?	that sounds cool . i am a lawyer	i need a lawyer , lol . are you a good one ?	as long as you can try me	That is very interesting.
dull-2804	hello , are you retired yet ? my horses will not let me anytime soon .	hi . i am not . i am eccentric and a hair stylist for dogs .	hello , are you retired yet ? my horses will not let me anytime soon .	hi . i am not . i am eccentric and a hair stylist for dogs .	i have issues with my leg , i do not know how much longer i can work .	sorry to hear . do you collect ? i do . my favorite is civil war antiques .	i do not , unless you count horses and opinions .	that is funny . i sometimes fake a british accent to be funny and attractive .	that is why i have a beard . strange on a woman , i know .	hilarious ! do you have any food allergies ? mine is mangoes .	that is why i have a beard . strange on a woman , i know .
dull-2805	hello there , what is up ?	not too much . i just got done working out at the gym .	hello there , what is up ?	not too much . i just got done working out at the gym .	oh neat ! how motivating . i just got back from a wedding	that is fun ! whose wedding did you go to ?	it was my brother ! crazy . so what hobbies do you enjoy	not much . i work at a hospital so i do not have much time .	oh that sounds busy ! i just graduated and do not have a job yet	what did you graduate for ?	i got a degree in accounting . do you have pets ?	oh nice ! my mother works as a secretary . and , no .	shame . my kitty arizona is awesome . so what are your plans for later	i do not have plans yet . what about you ?	That is a great question.
dull-2806	hi , what did you do today ?	hey ! a bunch of consulting for a large food service provider you ?	hi , what did you do today ?	hey ! a bunch of consulting for a large food service provider you ?	i am a nurse , my mom is also a nurse , an army nurse	oh wow i bet that is exciting .	not really , the only exciting thing about my life recently is i got a stray cat	my brother is in the army one of them anyway . you like cats ?	i love cats , i love dressing cats , i made a cat sweater , i love knitting	well that is an interesting hobby . do you listen to music ?	yes of course , i love folk music , what about you ?	i like rock and heavy metal . metallica is my favorite band though .	nice , please tell me more	i like rock and heavy metal . metallica is my favorite band though .
dull-2807	hello , what animals do you have ? i have a couple of horses , 2	just 1 little maltese so easy to deal with over people	hello , what animals do you have ? i have a couple of horses , 2	just 1 little maltese so easy to deal with over people	do you live in a large or small city ? i am in large	i live in a big city i work for the shelter for animals as a cleaner	That is very interesting.
dull-2808	hey , how has your day been ?	hello it has been alright how has yours been	hey , how has your day been ?	hello it has been alright how has yours been	great , by the way i am not good at this whole conversation thing , i am quite shy .	so am i i am only 12 year old girl	do you have any hobbies ? when i was your age i got into building model spaceships .	I don't know what you mean by that.
dull-2809	hey there how are you ? i love to eat meat .	hello , i am a sports fan .	hey there how are you ? i love to eat meat .	hello , i am a sports fan .	awesome , of what sports ? i am a doc .	i especially like watching soccer games . how about you ?	i do not like sports at all	i am sure you went to college i did also .	yes i did . especially being a doctor .	i thought so , i will be getting married soon . how about you ?	i am not married as of yet , really into my body .	gotcha , nothing wrong with that . i am just a big sports fan i played in high school .	what did you play ? my mom has a cool job also .	Wow, great question!
dull-2810	hi there how are you tonight	hey i am doing great what about you	hi there how are you tonight	hey i am doing great what about you	i just got home from playing poker at the casino since i do not have much friends	o is playing poker hard ? i have been wondering for a while	no you just have to be good at bluffing and knowing witch cards to play	hmm i might try it soon i am gonna be 21 soon	well try it just do not get sucked in like some people	oh i know , i know way too many casino addicts to get addicted	well i barely go since my wife plus 3 kids do not give me much freedom	i do not think i will be able to i have a baby but 21st birthday so why not	yes you only turn 21 once there is no going back only up lo	true very true so what are you doing	putting some materials to the side that i have to load in the morning i do carpentry	true very true so what are you doing
