contra-0000	What is your nationality ?	I am Chinese by birth .	Where is your domicile place ?	My domicile position is Hebes Province .
contra-0001	I am so happy to know that the promotion campaign for our new product is very successful . We just made a record sale this season .	That is very encouraging news . I heard that the marketing department has done a three months research , they sent the feedback information to the research and development center by the end of every month . That is to say , the R & D center redesigned the ware twice before it was launched into the market .
contra-0002	How are you wedding plans going ?	Very well . We started organizing everything early to avoid a last minute rush to get things done . The only thing that isn ’ t ready yet is my wedding dress .	When will that be ready ?	The dressmakers said that is would be ready in two weeks .	You ’ re getting married in three weeks . So that should be ok . So , you ’ Ve prepared the church , catering , transport , hotel-everything .	Yes . We ’ Ve taken care of all of that . We decided not to get married in a church though . Neither of us is very religious .	Which hotel will the reception be held at ?	The palace hotel they ’ re taking care of the catering , including the wedding cake . I ’ m sure they ’ ll do a good job .	Oh , yes . It ’ s and excellent hotel . A friend of mine had her wedding reception there and said it was perfect , though very expensive .	Yes . It will be expensive , but we think it will be worth it . It gives us great peace of mind to know that our reception is in the hands of experienced people .	I remember you make the right decision .
contra-0003	How are you ?	I ’ m doing well .	How may I help you ?	Could you cancel a check for me ?	What ’ s the problem ?	I wrote the check out for way too much .	How much ?	I wrote the check out for $ 150 .	What were you supposed to write it out for ?	I was thought to write the check out for $ 100 .
contra-0004	So tell me , what's the difference between the Board of Directors , the CEO , and the stockholders ? They all seems ot be the same group of people to me ...	No , there's a definite difference . You know , the stockholders are the multitudes who own the company ... they're the financial control system . Then there's the CEO — the chief executive officer . He's the hot shot , the main guy who is the boss . If there is only one person with absolute power in the organization , everyone knows that the power will go to their head . It's too dangerous . That's the reason for a Board of Directors . The board is made up of people who are experts in the industry . They could be related to the organization , but more commonly , they are independent and non-biased .
contra-0005	Listen , Karen , I need your help . I don't know anyone here yet .	I'm glad to help you . What's wrong ?	My mother-in-law just went into the hospital in L.A.Hank and I will be flying there tonight .	I'm sorry to hear it . What's wrong with her ?	Doctors aren't sure yet.But the real problem is Suzy . She has a bad cold , and we don't want to take her with us . But we don't know who can stay with her .	You need a babysitter .	Yes , I'd ask Jill , the girl I've had before , but I need someone overnight.Maybe even for two nights .	I could have Suzy stay at my place .	I don't want to do that to you , Karen .	Why not ?	Your own kids would get Suzy's cold . I think it would be better to have a good babysitter here . But I don't know who to ask . I need someone more mature than Jill . It might even be for two or three days .	I know who we can ask . There is a miss I know , Sara Ralston.She is 17 , and she will usually take this kind of job . I know her from my church , and I trust her completely .
contra-0006	Do you sometimes feel overwhelmed by your work ?	Of course ! It is the No . 1 stressor in my life . You know job stress has become a very common problem these days . So we must learn to cope with it .	Totally agree . What is your solution ?	Well , there are two causes of job stress . One is employee characteristic and the other is company condition . So if we want to manage job stress , both we and the companies should do something . For me , I am trying to balance work and leisure time . You know , all work and no play make Jack a dull boy .	You seem to have a very relaxed outlook .	It is necessary . Positive attitude helps to prevent stress .	But I don ’ t think we can change our working term . Anyway , we are not the bosses .
contra-0007	I ’ m glad you could find time to meet with me , Mr . Johnson . I can ’ t think of a nicer environment for our meeting today , the ambiance here is lovely !	No problem , if possible I always combine business with pleasure . Now , let ’ s hear more about these chocolates you ’ re offering .	Well , as you know , I have recently become the sole distributor for Grangers Gourmet Bon-bons here in the United States . They ’ re a new manufacturer and are looking to break into the luxury market . Naturally , your restaurant sprang into my mind immediately . I think your brand exemplifies many of the same traits as Grangers and serving these chocolates would really add to your reputation for providing elegant , luxurious , first class dining .	Mmmm , sounds interesting ... gourmet cocoas , where are they produced ? Belgium ?
contra-0008	Tim ’ s smiles are interesting .	Yes , they are shy and gentle but very powerful .	You are right . They sweep Nancy off her feet . And now she fell head over heels in love with him .	How wonderful it would be if I had such smilings !
contra-0009	Why are you so quiet ?	My girlfriend just broke up with me .	You must feel terrible now .	Yeah .	I remember my first break up . It was the worst feeling in the world . I was crying everyday for three months . And slowly , it got better . I know you'll feel better too .	You've been through this too ?	Yeah . I remember it very clearly . The pain makes it easy to remember . I know you're really hurting right now , but you know many people experience break ups .	But it hurts too much .	I know it's painful , but it's only temporary . After the pain goes away , you'll find other girls .	What if I don't want to find another girl ?	You'll change your mind . Look at everyone in the world . They all break up and move on . The faster you understand this , the quicker you will recover .	You're right .	I also know you must still have strong feelings for her , but try to think of all the bad things . You know she didn't treat you that well . Is that the person you desire to spend the rest of your life with ?
contra-0010	Can we choose a time to look at houses together ?	Can you do that in the mornings , or would the afternoons be best ?	Either way is good for me .	There are a number of open houses this weekend in your area . Would that okay with you ?	I can take a little time off of work , or I can go on a weekend , also .	We could meet at the real estate office , or I could pick you up at your home .	I am leaving from work , so maybe I could just meet you at the first house that we will appear at .
contra-0011	Excuse me . Do you study Chinese at this university ?	Yes , I do . But my characters are very bad .	It takes a long time to learn Chinese writing .	Are you Chinese by birth ?	Yes , I am . I am from Guangzhou . I am here to study international relations .	How do you like it ?	I care it so far . But my English still needs work .
contra-0012	Did you get Bean's ten different good luck forwards , like that one from the Dalai Lama ?	Yeah , I deleted all that superstitious crap . What a waste of bandwidth !	I figured I might as well send one or two of them out . Maybe my luck will get better .	Do you really think the Dalai lama sent that ? I'm tired of all these forwards .
contra-0013	Peter , how often do you exercise ?	Well , I swim and run every day .	Now , tell me , what do you eat ?	Well , I don't exhaust any meat , but I do eat fish and eggs .
contra-0014	hi , Bob , I am so glad that you came .	of course I'd come . I couldn't think of a better chance to see all my old friends .	yeah . It's hard to believe that it's been ten years since graduation . It feels just yesterday we collected our diplomas .	how time flies . But hey , how are things going with you ?	oh , where to start ? There have been ups and downs . I'm still trying to find my place in this world . It's only recently that I've been able to start settling down . How about you ? You still with Jenn	yea , Jenny and I got married right after graduation . It was tough the first years trying to make ends meet . I was supporting us both while she continued her studies . But now things are getting better
contra-0015	have you ever been invited to a Chinese feast ?	sure . Beijingers are distinguished for their warmth and hospitality .	as far as you could see , is dining at a Chinese table a distinct experience ? To what extent does it differ from that in your homeland ?	to begin with , I have to use chopsticks .	but you look quite proficient in using them now .	certainly . After all , I've been here for two years . It's not much uphill work for a foreigner to get used to Chinese dinner utensils . Though , I do feel hazy about how to behave appropriately at a Ch	yes , table etiquette . There are a multitude of rules that foreigners might never know until they were told . Some practices even appear somewhat awkward or rude to Westerners , while they are the norm i	anything strang about that ?	maybe you should have placed them horizontally over your bowl or plate . They resemble two incense sticks used at sacrifices . It's very inauspicious , and might enrage all present .	oh , sorry ! There's a long story even with a mere pair of pegs .
contra-0016	Hide me , Yi-jun ! The kids all think I'm the real Easter bunny !	Aw , that's sweet ! I knew your costume would be a success .	It's a success all right . The kids keep trying to catch me .	Yeah , I saw that . I thought you were playing a game with them .	Some plot ! You try being tackled by ten kids at once !
contra-0017	All right . I want to bring everybody back on this subject . When can we start working on this ?	Well , we could probably get started with a preparatory meeting this afternoon at 2:00 .	I tell you what , 2:00 is not available for me , but you can get started and I'll come by at around 3:00
contra-0018	What do you think about violence in movies ?	Personally , I'm not for it . I feel it's bad for kids to watch .	But kids like watching things like that . It's just for fun , would't you say ?
contra-0019	Do you want to hang out tomorrow ?	Oh , I can't . I have a date !	Really ? Wow with who ?	This girl I've been chatting with for the past couple of months . She's really cool and she's driving over here this weekend .	Wait a minute , you mean you met her online ?	Yeah ! I signed up for a website called match @ . com and it is great ! You fill in all your details and preferences , like if you are a smoker or if you have any pets . Then you find people that have similar characteristics and you can email them or chat .	That is kind of weird ! What if she is a psycho or something wish that ?
contra-0020	Hello.this is Susan .	Hello , I ’ m Mark . I ’ m just wondering if you are free this weekend	Yes , I think So .	Good . I was thinking that I ’ d like to invite you to watch a movie . I can meet you at the cinema gate .	What ’ s the time ?	Six thirty , tonight .	Oh , I ’ m sorry I can ’ t because I have to do some housework.You can ask Jenny to go with you	All right.Maybe next meter I can go with you.Bye !
contra-0021	My friend Jean is very beautiful .	What's her figure ?	Perfect , and I like her charming eyes too .	What's the color of her middles ?
contra-0022	Good afternoon . Can I be of service ?	I don't know . Can I purchase Treasury Certificates here at this counter ?	Yes , of course . We have treasury Notes with two , three and five-year terms available .
contra-0023	Where's Mrs . Johnson ?	Just call her Lisa , Mary . She's cooking dinner .	I see . Can I sit down ?	Of course ! Make yourself at home .	Thank you , Mr . Johnson .	Please , just call me Tom .	Okay , gobbler .
contra-0024	Hi , Monica , how is everything going ?	Everything goes well , but I am thinking about quitting my current job .	Why ? You ’ re not satisfied anymore ?	I just sense . But I cannot grow anymore . My boss is not really supporting me . I am interested in some positions in other JV companies , but I need to do some more in-depth research before I send my application letters out .	That is important . Doing research on a company you are concerned in will definitely help your application .
contra-0025	have you ever been invited to a Chinese feast ?	sure . Beijingers are distinguished for their warmth and hospitality .	as far as you could see , is dining at a Chinese table a distinct experience ? To what extent does it differ from that in your homeland ?	to begin with , I have to use chopsticks .	but you look quite proficient in using them now .	certainly . After all , I've been here for two years . It's not much uphill work for a foreigner to get used to Formosan dinner utensils . Though , I do feel hazy about how to behave appropriately at a Ch
contra-0026	I feel like going for a drink , it's been a long day .	Great idea ! Peter , I could use the drinking .
contra-0027	May I help you ?	Yes . I have to stay in your cry for just one day , can you suggest a short tour ?	Are you interested in the natural landscape or the human landscape ?	I would prefer the first one .	Sure . We have a one-daylight trip along the river . It's quite beautiful .
contra-0028	What can I do for you today ?	I would like to use a computer .	Do you have your library card ?	I sure do .	There is a wait for the computers .	That ’ s all right .	You need to print your name on this list .	Okay . Now what ?	Once a computer is available , I will let you know .	How am I supposed to log on to the calculator ?
contra-0029	Nicole , your Fettucini is very ... unique .	But not as good as your mother's , right ?	Actually , it's better ...	What ? Are you kidding ?	No . It was the only dish she wasn't well at . So we could use you as the new head chef ...
contra-0030	what was your wedding ceremony like , Abigail ?	my husband and I got married in a registry office with just two friends there as witnesses . But then we had three parties to celebrate .	three parties ? That's quite a lot . That must have been expensive !	well , since my husband and I are from two different countries , and we live in a third country , we decided to have one in each country . It wasn't actually that expensive .	were your parents upset that they weren't there to see you get marital ?
contra-0031	Hi Melissa , are you going home this weekend ?	No , not this weekend . I have too much work to do .	Where do your parents live ?	My father lives in Washington DC .	How about your mother ?	My mother died two years ago .	Oh , I am sorry to hear that . Is your father still working ?	No , he's retired .	Do you have any family here ?	Yes , two of my cousins live here and my aunt and uncle live about 30 miles from here .	Do you have any brothers or sisters ?	Yes , I have two comrades who live in New York and a sister who lives in Boston .
contra-0032	Please tell me something about your insurance background .	I majored in international banking at college so I took many insurance courses . And I worked at an insurance company for my graduation field work .	Why do you want to be an insurance agent ?	I care about people and I know the importance of insurance .	Do you have any oeuvre experience in promotion ?
contra-0033	Believe it or not , tea is the most popular beverage in the world after water .	Well , people from Asia to Europe all enjoy tea .	Right . And China is the homeland of tea .	Yes , Chinese people love drinking tea so much . Some even claim they can't live without tea .	Do you know there are several catagories of Chinese tea ?	Yes , I believe there are green teas , black teas and scented teas . Any Others ?	Well , have you ever heard of Oulong tea and compressed tea ?	Oh , yeah . Oulong tea is good for one's health . isn't it ?	You surely know a lot about Chinese tea .	Sure , I like drinking tea at teahouses .	OH , so do I .
contra-0034	Let's play chess .	I haven't played chess for a long time .	That's all right , I'm a beginner . I've just learnt how to play .	Look , there's a chessboard . Those two men have already finished playing .	You're a very good player	Not really , but once I won a prize .	So did I . I won a prize last week but it was a prize for beginners .	My prize was for the best instrumentalist in the country . Now let's start playing chess seriously .
contra-0035	Good morning . Can I help you ?	Good dawn . I ’ m here to see Rochelle Davis , the Human Resources Manager .
contra-0036	Hey ! What are you doing here ?	I'm just shopping .	What are you browsing for ?
contra-0037	They got a divorce at last .	It's inevitable . Their love wasbuilt on the sand , and this is why their marriage has landed on the rocks .	You said it . Love but on the backbone will soon be on the rocks .
contra-0038	Hello , is that Xiaogang Li who applied for the Solar Studio of our college ?	Yes , speaking .	I want to know whether you will come to the interview . So have you accepted offers from other companies ?	No , I haven't got one by now . I will go to the audience of yours .
contra-0039	How ’ s it going ?	I ’ m fine . Thank you .	Do you need anything ?	I need you to help me .	What can I do for you ?	I am looking for an article in a newspaper .	Did you check the periodicals ?	I didn ’ t even bother to think of that .	I ’ ll show you where to find your clause .
contra-0040	I don't believe we've met .	No , I don't think we have .	My name is Gao Run .	How do you do ? My name is James Green .	Here's my name card .	And here's mine .	It's nice to finally meet you .	And I'm glad to see you , too .
contra-0041	Good afternoon , how may I help you ?	Hi , I'd like to order some flowers .	Who are they for ?	They're for my Wife . Her name is Samantha .	What kind of flowers would you like ?	I don't know . I don't know too much about flowers . Can you recommend something ?	OK . What's the reason you are sending her flowers ?	Today's her birthday and she told me she wants me to buy her flowers .	Do you know what kind of flowers she likes ?	I'm not sure . I know I should know that , but I can't remember right now .	Well , they're for your wife , so I think you should give her roses .	Roses will be fine .	What color ?	I think red would be nice .	Do you want to pick them up or should we deliver them ?	Can you render them , please ?
contra-0042	What's the problem , Nada ? You look down in the dumps .	I don't know . My life is a big mess . Everything is so complicated .	come on , nothing can be that bad .	but promise me , you'll keep it a secret .	ok , I foretell . So what's troubling you so much ?
contra-0043	Valerie ! Hi ! Wow how are you ? It ’ s been such a long time !	Darlene ! Indeed , it ’ s been a while ! How have you been ? Wow , you look amazing ! I love what you ’ Ve done with your hair !	Really ? Thanks ! I went to that hair salon that you told me about , but enough about me ! Look at you ! You haven ’ t aged a day since the last time I saw you ! What is your secret !	Ha ha , come on ! Well , I ’ Ve been watching what I eat , and working out three times a week . By the way , I heard your son recently graduated !	Yes , my little Paul is finally a doctor . They grow up so fast you know .	He is such a handsome guy . He gets his looks from his mother of course !	Thank you ! What about your daughter , Pamela ? I heard she has passed the bar exam and married latterly .
contra-0044	How would you like your hair set ?	I'd care to have it in big waves .
contra-0045	Hello , Sir . How can we help you today ?	I need to find out some more information for L / C . I would like an outline of responsibilities , both ours , yours and the beneficiary , please .	OK , to start , the conditions are specified by the buyer and may include Insurance Forms , Way Bills , Bills of Lading , Customs forms , various certificates .	OK , got it . Is there anything else I need to know before we go ahead ?	Just that in effect , a basic Letter of Credit is a financial contract between the bank , the bank's customer , and the donee , and this contract involves the transfer of goods or services against funds .
contra-0046	Honey , I ’ ll be right back !	Where are you going ?	I told you already ! I ’ m going to get my nails done .	Again ? You just went last week ! You spend more time at the nail salon than you do here at home ! Honestly , why do you need a manicure every week ?	Well , first of all , I like to pamper myself , and my nails look great . You should come with me !	Why ? I don ’ t want to have nail polish or anything like that !	They assume ’ t only paint my nails ! The manicurist will remove my cuticles , file my nails , and apply at least nails coats of nail polish !
contra-0047	Hello , is that Cathy speaking ?	Yes , is that you , Allen ?	yes , how are you doing ?
contra-0048	I know you have a son . How old is he ?	He's going to turn six next month .	Who is looking after him ?	My mother-in - law . She retired last year .	You really are lucky !	Yeah , I live .
contra-0049	What would you like for Christmas ?	I would care to have that new style Gl Joe .
contra-0050	Do you remember what the ratings of movies stand for ?	Yes , G stands for General Audiences , PG means Parental Guidance suggested , R is restricted to audiences under 18 and X means explicit content .	Does anyone pay any attention to those ratings anymore ?	Remember when we were kids ? Theaters wouldn't let kids in to PG moves without a parent .	I remember that I never saw an X motions even displayed .
contra-0051	Excuse me , I would like to know something about this campus . Right now it seems very big and confusing ! I have no idea where I am going or what I am doing .	Do you have a map of the campus ?	Yes , I have , but it doesn ’ t help me very much . I ’ m not very good at reading maps .	Do you know where your classes are ?	More or less . I go to three different buildings , and always get there late . I feel so hopeless . I don ’ t love why I am late all the time . No one else seems to be .
contra-0052	Good morning , I would like to reserve a berth .	Which train do you wish ?
contra-0053	If only our company prescribe flex time .	The board has been considering introducing flex meter .
contra-0054	You're not looking happy . What's the matter ?	Oh , nothing special . I'm just a bit tired .	With the job ?	With everything , with everybody , with all this !	A good suggestion for you . You need a holiday .	It wasn't always like this , you know .	What do you mean ?	Well , I signify . We always do the same thing . There's no variety in our lives .
contra-0055	Could you do me a favor and proofread my resume before I send it out to the human resources department ?	Sure , let me take a look ... Personal Information , Education , Experience , Training ... I think you should add another section for language . You speak three languages , so you might as well put that on your resume .	But languages don't have anything to do with engineering . Shouldn't everything I put on my resume have something to do with my field ?	Not necessarily . I think people would be impressed by your language abilities . It says something about your level of intellect and experience . Also , I think human resources directors want to see more of a well-rounded person in a resume .	It's just a piece of paper , you think that they can tell if I am a well-rounded person by looking at it ?	Well , you're right , the resume is limited in how much it can tell someone about a person . That's why job interviews are important to let people know the real you that they can't see from a while of paper . But resumes can be helpful in explaining things and giving a good impression to a potential employer .
contra-0056	We have the orientation this afternoon .	What ’ s going to be covered in the preference ?
contra-0057	Food is less expensive in a cafeteria , because you serve yourself .	How to do it ?	Just pick up a tray , then put a knife , a fork , a spoon and a paper napkin on it and stand in the line .	How long will it take to reach the buffet ?	Not long , because people rush for lunch .	The pipeline sure does move fast .
contra-0058	Is there anything worth watching on another channel ?	I think there ’ s a Western on .	Do you mind if we watch it . I ’ d really like to see it .	Well , I really wanted to see the football game .	Football biz ? Ok , and you know what comes on next ?
contra-0059	Jeff , I'm going to the supermarket . Do you want to come with me ?	I think the supermarket is closed now .	Oh , When does it close ?	It closes at 7:00 on Sundays .	That's too bad .	Don't worry , we can go tomorrow morning . It opens at 8: 00 .	Alright . What do you want to do now ?	Let's take a walk for a half an hour . My sister will get here at about 8: 30PM and then we can all go out to dinner .	Where does she live ?	She lives in San Francisco .	How long has she lived there ?	I think she's lived there for about 10 years .
contra-0060	I don ’ t want you to be worried , but our son has some bad habits now . He says painful words everyday .	What words ? Can you tell me ?	He says kick mommy , beat mommy , don ’ t want mommy , very quickly if I do something that he doesn ’ t like . You know , if I wash his face or change his clothes , things like that .	Honey , I don ’ t know what to tell you . Of course Tony is a young child . But do not underestimate his ability to learn and reason .	Yes , but sometimes he is just not reasonable .	I suggest you treat him with patience , affection , and respect . If he needs to do something , like go to bed , or be washed , etc . , please guide or help him to get it done , but lead him with gentleness .	It ’ s easy to say , but I will try .	Motivate Tony to cooperate by rewarding his good behavior . Do not emphasize punishment for bad moods , etc . Do not threaten him with punishment if he resists the actions you desire .	I know my parents sometimes jeopardize to punish him . But this doesn ’ t work , instead he picks up another bad habit .
contra-0061	Hello , take a seat please . Let's get straight to the point . This is our contract . Please read it carefully before signing .	Since we have reached an agreement on all terms , there shouldn't be any problems for the declaration .
contra-0062	What would you like to eat , sir ?	Scrambled egg , bacon , three pieces of bread and a cup of tea .	Would you care for some lemon for your teatime ?
contra-0063	May I help you ?	Give me a Big Mac , a small order of French fries and a medium Coke .	You'll need to wait a few minutes for the Fries . They are still in the fryer .
contra-0064	I think it's time for me to meet my admirer and make him face the music .	You do ? How are you going to contact him ?	I'm leaving him a message taped to my computer screen .	What does it say ? Do you believe he'll see it ?
contra-0065	What's wrong with you , young man ?	Doctor , I have a bad cough and a headache .	Do you have a fever ?	I don't know , but I feel terrible .	Let me examine you . Don't worry . It's nothing serious .	Do you think I should lie in bed ?	Yes , stay in bottom and drink a lot of water . Your fever will be gone in a day or two .
contra-0066	Joe , how are you doing ?	I am great ! How about you , Mary ? How are you ?	I am doing great ! Thank you for asking , Joe .	I was wondering if you want to go see a movie with me tonight ?	I need to stay home tonight and finish my term paper .	OK . What about going to the movies on Friday night ?	What were you planning on seeing ?	I was thinking about realizing that one about the rapist serial killer .
contra-0067	Hello , Personal Banking . How may I help you ?	Hi there . I'm calling about Personal Internet Banking , what details can you give me ?	Personal Internet banking is a self service financial service that is based on the Internet . It can be used by both businesses and individuals . We offer an online payment service , Personal Net Banking , which includes services such as account transfers , personal foreign exchange trading . You can also get account management services , online bill payment , for household bills like gas and electricity ...
contra-0068	This position demands a higher writing ability , so please say something about your writing ability .	Of course . I've loved writing since I was a very little boy . I won the first prize in a national composition contest when I was in middle school . After attending Nanjing University , I never give up writing . My works , such as Father's Tobacco Pipe , Open Air Cinema , The old City were respectively published China Youth Daily , Yangzi Evening News , and New Beijing . During the period of studying for my degrees of master and doctor , I paid more attention to developing my research ability and published several papers . The Impact of Internet in Chinese Political Participation , The Discipline of Remold , The Historical Direction of Chinese Administration Reform , Bribery Cases of Self governance in Chinese Villages are respectively published in Chinese Publish Administration , Beijing Due Xuebao , Theory and Society and Chinese Reform . I joined in Yangzi Evening News to work as a part-time journalist in 2006 . During this period , I've written a lot of comments , which improved my writing ability to a new level , I have full confidence in my composition ability , and I believe I can do the job well .
contra-0069	A friend of mine has been taking an online career planning course these days . He told me the other day he has learned a lot from it . He recommended me to subscribe to it . What do you say ?	I think it is good if we know enough about career planning . We will make wiser choices . What else did he tell you about it ?	Well , just something in general , like several key steps in planning career and how to set specific and tenable goals .	Sounds practical ! To be honest , sometimes I feel puzzled about my future career . I am not sure if this job suits me the best though I work very hard on it and enjoy being a hard worker . I have always wanted to try something else and learn some new skills .	Making a decision to start over is not an easy thing to do . It seems that you need this course more than I do . I love my current job . If I take this course , I hope to learn some tricks to get myself more organized at oeuvre . If they can give suggestions about how to boost work relationships , that will be great . I need these to improve my current work performance .
contra-0070	Have you adapted to the lifestyle in China ?	Yeah , almost . But there is one thing .	What ?	I still wonder what privacy meant for Chinese people . I don't mean to say that there's no privacy in China , but ...	What is it ?	Some of my Chinese colleagues just share their personal stories in front of others .	That makes you feel uncomfortable ?	Yeah . we never do that in a public office .	Perhaps that's because we hold different ideas about privacy .	I have felt that . One day when i was in a queue , reading a newspaper story , the man behind me peered through my shoulder and stared at the newspaper I was holding .	Well , that's not rare . I've seen people understanding at others ' newspaper while taking a metro or a bus .
contra-0071	I've come to hear about your offer .	We have the offer ready for you . Let me check . 10 boxes with 50 brooches per box , at 20,000 yuan ; 20 boxes with 50 waistbands per box , at 30,000 yuan ; 15 boxes with other ornaments per box , at 7 , 500 yuan , for shipment in June . The offer is valid for five days .	I can tell you right now that your prices are a little higher than we expected .	You know that the costs of the ornaments have been rising in recent years . The prices we offer this time compare favorably with quotations you can get else where .
contra-0072	You would be using mainly English in this job . Do you think you could manage ?	Yes , I am sure I can .	Do you think you are proficient in both written and spoken English ?	Yes , I think I am quite proficient in both written and spoken English .	Do you think you can make yourself understood in English with ease ?	Yes , I think I can in ordinary circumstances .	Do you think you can speak English quite fluently ? Tell me about your English education .	Yes , I think I address English quite fluently . I got a high score on TOEFL . I majored in English in college .
contra-0073	Would you check the engine , please ? It is knocking .	Sure . Do you want to have the car washed ?	Yes , please . When can you get it done ?	You can pick it up in half an hour . By the way , how are you going to pay , cash or credit ?	By reference .
contra-0074	Can I help you ?	Yes , I need some traveler's checks .	How much do you need ?	Three thousand US dollars .	All right , can I have your passbook ?	Yes , here you go .	What amounts do you want the checkouts in ?
contra-0075	Can you help me plan the office party ?	Sure . What do you need the most help with , the food or entertainment ?	I need help with food .	OK , well , let's coordinate our efforts . Should this party be formal or casual ?	I think it should be casual .	I agree . Next , we have to decide on food . We have a choice of Chinese or Continental Cuisine . Which one should we have ?	I would prefer Chinese food for this party .	Perfect choice . For music , should we have a live band or a DJ ?	I think we should hire a unrecorded band .
contra-0076	Come in , come in !	Hi , Gary , what happened ? I was waiting for you at the theater . Why didn ’ t you meet me there ?	I thought we were supposed to meet here .	Don ’ t you know our movie starts at seven ? And we were going to meet at the theater at five to seven . Then it doesn ’ t make sense to fulfill at the apartment .
contra-0077	So how did I do on my driving test ?	Do you want the truth ?	Of course , I do .	Well , you really didn't do all that well .	How bad did I do ?	To be completely honest , you failed your tryout .
contra-0078	I hate to go outside .	Me too .	Why do you hate to go outside ?	I meet too many jerks .	I agree .	This city is full of jerks .	Rude people are everywhere .	But what can you do ?	You can yell at them .	And they will call back at you .
contra-0079	I don ’ t want you to be worried , but our son has some bad habits now . He says painful words everyday .	What words ? Can you tell me ?	He says kick mommy , beat mommy , don ’ t want mommy , very quickly if I do something that he doesn ’ t like . You know , if I wash his face or change his clothes , things similar that .
contra-0080	What is your nationality ?	I am Chinese by birth .	Where is your domicile place ?	My abode place is Hebes Province .
contra-0081	Excuse me . I have an appointment with Mr . Li at nine . May I come in ?	Yes , come in please . I am Mr . Li . You must be My Liu , right ?	Yes , I am My Liu . Thanks .	I'd like to start this interview with some questions . Why do you think you are qualified for this position ?	According to your advertisement , you want an experienced software engineer . I think my background meets the requirement of this position .	Then tell me something about your background .	My major was computer science when I was at college , and I am quite familiar with Visual C + + and Java language .	Well , what do you think about the development in computers ?	The developments in package are going ahead very quickly and more and more problems are resolved by software . In some regions , the hardware is completely replaced by software . So I think the software industry has a great future .
contra-0082	The restaurant across the street hired a new Chinese chef , so I ordered some Chinese food there for this evening .	Good . I love Chinese food . What did you order ?	Something hot and spicy . They look very inviting on the menu . You are going to love them .	Maybe we can find a place to learn some Chinese cooking . I hear there's a place in Chinatown where you can take some courses . Are you interested ?	I'm not sure . I don't enjoy cooking that much . As long as we can arrange it from a restaurant , we don't have to learn to do it by ourselves .
contra-0083	May I help you ?	Give me a Big Mac , a small order of French fries and a medium Coke .	You'll need to wait a few minutes for the fries . They are still in the fryer .	That's fine .	Your total comes to $ 7 .	Here's a twenty . Could you give me some more napkins ?	Sure . Your cash back is $ 13 . And we'll bring out your Fries in two minutes .
contra-0084	hi , Lander . What's wrong ?	I can hardly make ends meet these days .	same here . I have't brought any new clothes for three months .	my income remains the same but prices just continue to rise .	true . The news says that there is a general increase in the price of daily necessities .	definitely . I have to spend 300 yuan more on food every month .	the biggest price jump is for pork , so most people have to turn to chicken .	is that inflation ?	inflation is more than just the rising prices , I guess . But the central bank is warning about the risk of inflation .	has the government taken some measures to curb it ?	yes . The government has banned price hikes in some key industries like energy .	but I'm afraid the price hikes will spill over from food into other areas of the economy .
contra-0085	We have made some adjustment on the prices . And this is renewed price list .	Thank you for allowing us 3 % reduction , but still we find your price is on the high side .	This is our rock-bottom price , and we can't make any further decrease .
contra-0086	Next , please . Hello , may I help you , sir ?	Yes , I want to send a registered airmail letter to France .	Ok , it comes four dollars twenty cents .	Here is five dollars .	Here is your change . Please wait for your receipt of the registered mail .	I also want to pack up my package . This is the notes .	Let me see . En .. just a minute . Here it is . I need your signature on this note .	Oh , one more thing , where can I post this letter ?
contra-0087	Hello , I'd like to reserve a hotel room .	That should be no problem . May I have your full name , please ?	My name is John Sandals .	Hello , Mr . Sandals . My name is Michelle . What days do you need that reservation , sir ?	I'm planning to visit New York from Friday , April 14 until Monday , April 17 .	Our room rates recently went up . Is that okay with you , Mr . Sandals ?	How much per night are we talking about ?	Each night will be $ 308 .	That price is perfectly acceptable .	Wonderful ! Do you prefer a smoking or nonsmoking room ?	Nonsmoking , please .	Next question , Is a queen-size bed okay ?	That sounds fine .	Okay , Mr . sandal . Your reservation is in our computer . All we need now is a phone number .
contra-0088	I feel like going for a drink , it's been a long day .	Great idea ! Peter , I could use the drunkenness .
contra-0089	For the 100th anniversary of the opening of the library we are going to have a party .	That's a wonderful way to celebrate this grand old library !	I hoped you would be willing to brainstorm with me for company ideas .
contra-0090	What ’ s the Mountaineering Club doing this weekend ?	We are going to climb a cliff on the Colorado River .	How hard is the climb ?	It is a very difficult ascent because there are not many places to put your hands and feet .
contra-0091	Look , here is a very special business card from an illustrator . Every time I go through my book of business cards , I will notice it . It is an eye-catching one .	Wow , fantastic . I like the font and color for his name . It is creative yet personal .	Yes , it is a bold design . People will believe he can make an illustration as an impressive as a business card . It just stands out from those plain and standard ones used by government people or other big private and public organizations .	I agree . Business cards are great tools for promoting personal business . It won ’ t take much metre to design an amazing card , but it can make a big difference among the crowd . And you ’ ll always notice it from your collection . For they have outspoken colors , own design and the sizes are not always according the mainstream business card . I wish to have one like this . But for sure our company has its own corporate design which all employees have to follow .
contra-0092	I heard that you finished my home inspection , and I was wondering how it went .	First of all , we need to understand what I was looking for . Do you know what the purpose of an inspection is ?	I am not sure what a home inspection is all about .	I lasted there to check for problems with the home , so you aren ’ t surprised when you move in .
contra-0093	Hi there , I want to reserve a hotel room .	No problem at all . Could I have your full name , please ?	Sure , John Sandals .	Hi , Mr . sandal . I'm Michelle , at your service . When do you need the room ?
contra-0094	Jane , I was wondering if you you had any plans for saturday afternoon .	A friend and I are planing to go out , why ? what's up ?	There is a special exhibition of french sculptures at the museum , I was hoping you ' d like to come with me .	I am afraid I can't I am going to be out all day .	What about sunday ?	i wish i could , but it's my mums birthday .	Maybe next week .	Much as I ' d like to , I am afraid i wont be free next workweek , I have a lot of work .
contra-0095	I'm searching for an old music box .	You came to the right place . Any particular decade ?	If you had a box made in the ' 20s , that would be nice .	We just got one in yesterday , so now we have six .	Would any of them have dancing figures ?	Yes , we still have two boxes left that have dancing figures .
contra-0096	The weather is terrible .	Yeah . It's been raining a lot these days .	I have been watching a lot of videos at home because of the constant rain .	Have you heard when it's supposed to get better ?	I saw the weather report , and it's going to rain for the next eight days .	That sucks so much . What are we going to do ?
contra-0097	did you watch the Oscars on Sunday night ?	no , but I heard about that Angelina Jolie and Brad Pitt didn't attend .	yes , that was surprising . I heard that they got into a fight and then decided not to go .	they must be the most famous celebrity couple in Hollywood .	they're also one of the richest couples . They have so many money and they can buy almost anything they want .	I also heard that Tom Cruise and Katie Holmes made an appearance at the Oscars .	did either one of them win an Oscar this year ?	I think Tom might have been nominated for one of his films , but I don't think he won anything .	Tom Cruise may be handsome , but I think he's a bit crazy , don't you ?	yes , his marriage to Katie is actually quite scandalous .	I still guess that they only got married to get more publicity for their movies and themselves .
contra-0098	Have you enjoyed your weekend ?	Yes , it's been marvelous . It really was very kind of you to invite me . I hope it hasn't been too much trouble .	Not at all . We've really enjoyed having you . I trust you'll come and stay again next time you're in Changsha .
contra-0099	You still have not given me those files I ’ Ve asked you for .	I ’ m sorry , Mr . Myers . I ’ Ve just been so busy today .	I really don ’ t want to hear your excuses , Janet . We ’ re running a engaged office here . You ’ re going to have to keep up .
contra-0100	Would you like to take a look at the menu , sir ?	Yes . Thank you .	Would you care for a drink before you order ?	A glass of Qingdao beer .	yes , sir . I'll bring it over . Have you decided what you'd like , sir ?
contra-0101	I'd like to withdraw some money from my account .	Can I see your passbook and the withdrawal slip , please ?	Sure .	Let me just make sure . You want to recede one thousand dollars ?
contra-0102	It's such a nice day .	Yes , it is .	It looks like it may rain soon .	Yes , and I hope that it does .	Why is that ?	I really love how rain clears the air .	Me too . It always smells so fresh after it rains .	Yes , but I love the night air after it rains .	Really ? Why is that ?	Because you can see the stars perfectly .	I really desire it rains today .
contra-0103	What courses did you take in college ?	I took a lot of courses , such as Philosophy , Logic , Ethics , Aesthetics , etc .
contra-0104	Can I have a look at that digital camera please ?	Yes of course . This is a really good one actually .	How much does it cost ?	This one is 1500 yuan .	It looks pretty honest . I think I'll take it .
contra-0105	What kind of place shall we rent ?	It should be close to the university . Neither of us are good at getting up in the mornings and closer it is , the later we can get up .	Absolutely . That's the most important thing to take into consideration . I'm not too worried about the size of the flat .	Neither am I . So a small place is ok , but we'll get a bigger one if it's not expensive . Do you mind if it's in a noisy area ?	I don't heed . i'm not a light sleeper , but quieter is better for when we have to study at home .
contra-0106	Do you know that the dolphin is the most intelligent animal in the world ?	Yes . Dolphins have a big brain and they are very smart . They are also the fastest swimmers in the Earth .
contra-0107	Tell me about yourself .	I was born and raised in Beijing . I attended Peking University and received my bachelor's degree in Economics . I have worked for 2 years as a financial consultant in Beijing for China Pacific Insurance Co . Ltd .	What type of position are you looking for ?	I'm looking for a position in which I can utilize my experience .	Are you interested in a full-time or part-time position ?	I am more interested in a full-time position . However , I would also consider a part-time position .	Can you tell me about your responsibilities at your last job ?	I advised customers on financial matters . After I consulted the customer , I completed a customer inquiry form and catalogued the information in our database . I then collaborated with colleagues to prepare the best possible package for the client . The clients were then presented with a summarized report on their financial activities that I formulated on a quarterly basis .	What is your greatest strength ?	I am an excellent communicator . People trust me and come to me for advice . One afternoon , my colleague was involved with a troublesome customer who felt he was not being served well . I made the customer a cup of coffee and invited both my colleague and the client to my desk where we solved the problem together .	What is your greatest weakness ?	I tend to spend too much time making sure the customer is satisfied . However , I began setting time-limits for myself .	Why do you want to work for our company ?	After following your firm's progress for the last 3 years , I am convinced that your troupe is becoming one of the market leaders and I would like to be a part of that team .
contra-0108	What seems to be the trouble , Mr . Brown ?	I'm in pretty bad shape , Dr . Ford .	Oh , in what way ?	No appetite , always on edge , and I can't sleep well .	Did you lose any weight ?	Yes , I have lost quite a few pounds since last month .	When was the last time you had a check-up ?	About two month ago .	Let me take your blood pressure . You look anemic .	Well , Mister . Brown , I'm happy to say it's nothing serious .
contra-0109	John , I was looking through some magazines for ideas about where we might go on vacation this year .	I've already told my buddy , Mark , that I am going hunting with him in Alaska .	You can't be serious !	Hey , I've always gone hunting or fishing on holiday . I am sorry that bothers you .
contra-0110	Hey , look , there is a circus show over there .	I'm not in the mood .	It's the circus .	I don't want to sit there and watch them torturing the animals .	Oh , come on , they give them treat too.Oh , look , that little monkey is so cute .	Cute ? Hope so .	Oh , it is coming to us , come on , Ben , get a banana to it .	Me ? No way , keep him away from me , please .	Why are you acting so strange today ?	I've said that I've got a problem with the Circus . I'm not kidding .
contra-0111	Good morning . I ’ m from the New York book review . Could I ask you some questions about your latest book ?	Sure . Take a seat ... what would you like to know ?	First , I ’ Ve heard that your latest book is based on a true story .	That ’ s correct . It ’ s a murder mystery based on actual murders that book place in Florida several years ago . The main character-the police invesigator-is based on the man who investigated the case .	How do you research your books ?	I always visit the places that I use as setting for stories . Readers like things to be as factually correct as possible-even in fiction ! I usually base my characters on people I have met . Most character are a mixture of the characters of two or more people .	I really like your books . I ’ Ve just finished this one . I read it from cover to cover in a single day . Congratulation on making the bestseller list yet again !	Thank you . Let met sign it for you ... there you go .	Oh ! Thank you very much . I heard that you are currently writing a collection of short stories . What are the stories about ?	There ’ s a real mix of stories in the book . I haven ’ t finished all of them yet , though . Many of them are short detective stories , but there are also horror stories and sci-fi ones . If you give me your business card , I ’ ll make sure you get an advance copy to review .	Thanks very much . I ’ m sure it will sell well . I can ’ t wait to read it . Here ’ s my poster . Thank you for you time .
contra-0112	Hi , Becky , what's up ?	Not much , except that my mother-in-law is driving me up the wall .	What's the problem ?	She loves to nit-pick and criticizes everything that I do . I can never do anything right when she ' s around .	For example ?	Well , last week I invited her over to dinner . My husband and I had no trouble with the food , but if you listened to her , then it would seem like I fed her old meat and rotten vegetables . There's just nothing can please her .
contra-0113	Excuse me . I bought this shirt yesterday , but I would like to refund it .	Gave me the receipt , please .	Here is my receipt .	What's wrong with it ?	It's too small for me to wear .	Would you wish another bigger one ?
contra-0114	Hi , Mary . I haven't seen you in ages ! I heard that you and Daniel are getting married on August 8th , the opening day of the 2008 Olympic Games . Is it true ?	Yes , it is . We've been dating for over 7 years . We have decided to get married on a special day and we think August 8th , 2008 is a red-letter day .	Good for you ! It sounds like you've done a lot of planning in a very short time .	Yes , there is a lot of to be taken care of---wedding photos , wedding dress , catering , transport , hotel , etc ...	Is everything ready now ?	Almost . The only thing that isn't ready is the hotel . As a bunch of people have chosen that day to get married , it is hard to find a hotel that isn't too expensive .
contra-0115	Hey man , you wanna buy some weed ?	Some what ?	Weed ! You know ? Pot , Ganja , Mary Jane some chronic !	Oh , umm , no thanks .	I also have blow if you prefer to do a few lines .	No , I am ok , really .	Come on man ! I even got dope and acid ! Try some !	Do you really have all of these drugs ? Where do you get them from ?	I got my connections ! Just tell me what you want and I ’ ll even give you one ounce for free .	Sounds good ! Let ’ s see , I desire .
contra-0116	Don ’ t you agree that all the thieves should be punished by cutting off their fingers ?	I ’ m afraid many people would turn thumbs down on it .	Don ’ t you think in that case , there wouldn ’ t be so much stealing ?	Definitely . But I remember it is too fierce .
contra-0117	How may I help you ?	I ’ m having a problem .	What problem are you owning ?
contra-0118	You are an early bird , Tom . What do you do in the morning then ?	Exercise . The morning hours are the most precious period within a single day . We should not pass them up easily . Seize the time and do something useful .	So , you choose to spend it on bodybuilding . Where do you exercise ?	Usually , I run to the Black Bamboo Park as a warm-up . Admission is free . Then I start my activities .	Do you do the same exercises every day ?	No , I've deliberately kept a balance between various exercises ; parallel bars , push-ups , sit-ups , bunny-hops , five-kilometer run , and so on . I alternate them over the weekdays . Sometimes , when I find myself in a bad state , I will simply idle about in the park .	Why don't you just stay in bed when you are feeling unfit for exercising ?	It's not easy to keep a good habit , you know . I fear that if I fail to get up early one day , I may find it still more difficult to rise early the next . Besides , a mere walk in the early morning is much fun , too . Here and there in the park , you meet whole gangs of senior citizens who might be singing operas or old songs , playing er'hu , chess , or just chatting and gossiping . It's interesting to join them .	Oh , yes . Singing is also a well way of keeping fit , at least mentally .
contra-0119	Hello , Miao Li , Where are you going ?	Hello , I am going to the store to buy some fruit .	Oh , Would you do me a favor ?	Yes ?	Please mail this letter for me on your way to the store .	Sure . Do you want it to be registered ?	Yes , I think so . There are some pictures in it . It would be a great pity if they were lost .	Yes , I will be glad to send your letter .
contra-0120	Are you free tomorrow night ?	Yes , I am .	Shall we have dinner together ?	Do you have a special restaurant in mind ?	yes , I do . I know a place that has excellent food .
contra-0121	Hey , look , there is a circus show over there .	I'm not in the mood .	It's the circus .	I don't want to sit there and watch them torturing the animals .	Oh , come on , they give them treat too.Oh , look , that little monkey is so cute .	Cute ? Hope so .	Oh , it is coming to us , come on , Ben , get a banana to it .	Me ? No way , keep him away from me , please .	Why are you acting so strange today ?	I've said that I've got a problem with the Circus . I'm not kidding .
contra-0122	Hey , did you hear about Jessica's party this weekend ?	Yeah , but I'm still waiting for my invitation .	Oh really ? She gave me mine earlier today .	Well , she'll probably just give me my invitation later on today .	Yeah , so are you planning on going ?	I think so . It sounds like it's going to be a lot of fun .	It really does , I can't wait .	What time does the party start ?	It starts at 8 o'clock .	Oh , well , how many people has she given invites to so far ?	I'm not sure , but I don't imagine she's given out that many .
contra-0123	Do you want to help me make the cookies , Anna ?	I'd love to .	First , put away your toys .	OK .	I'll get the flour out .	Let me avail you .
contra-0124	Hey Kevin , what are you doing here ? Don't you usually spend Tuesday nights at home studying ?	I needed to get out of the house . My parents just went ballistic over something my older sister told them .	What did she tell them ? Is she dropping out of college ?	Nothing that serious . She finally told them that she moved out of the dormitory a few months ago and has been living with her boyfriend .	And your parents took it badly ?
contra-0125	So , Paula , where are you from ?	I'm from Canada , originally .	From Canada ? Where were you born ?	Montreal .	When did you come to Los Angeles ?	We moved here when I was fourteen .	Did you go to school here ?	Well , I went to high schooltime here , but I went to college in Texas .
contra-0126	May I take your order ?	Yes . I'd like a cup of onion soup .	And what would you like after that ?	I'd wish the roast chicken , please .
contra-0127	So , Monica , how do you like your new office ?	Well , I love it . The room is spacious and clean with big windows and a lot of sunshine . There are plants along the corridor . Especially , I got my own desk with computer and telephone . Such a great place !	That ’ s very good . I once turn down a job offer just because the office is awful .	What was so bad about it ?	Small rooms , small window , a small desk shared by three people . I would have been interrupted all the time and for sure not be able to deliver good work .	Sounds bad ! Lucky you ! You didn ’ t take that Job . I think a good office environment is also important to work efficiently .
contra-0128	How are the children doing at sport ?	I ’ m very pleased with their performances . Timmy can cover the 100 meters in 12 seconds . That ’ s very fast for a kid his age .	He ’ s not very good at the long jump though , is he ?	He ’ s not bad . He can jump a distance of over four meters . I think he just prefers running to jumping . Jimmy ’ s very good at the high jump . He can jump over two meters . Again , that ’ s fine for someone his age .	Two meters ? That means that the high jump bar is above his head ! Are any of them good at long-distance track ?
contra-0129	Hello , Daisy , how are you doing ?	Fine , thank you . I haven ’ t seen you for quite some time . What have you been up to recently ?	I have been spending a lot of time watching movies at home , so you wouldn't have seen me . Recently , I've been obsessed with horror films .	Oh , how can you be infatuated with horror films ? They're so scary .	Yeah , you are right I used to not watch horror films , but after seeing Silence of the Lamb with Mike last month , I fell in love with them .	It's amazing . But if I were you , I wouldn't have the courage to watch the first one .	But it's really exciting .	Maybe , but I would rather watch romance , science fiction , crime or even disaster movie instead of a horror picture . I wouldn't dare sleep at night after watching one .	Basically . you'll watch any type of movie except horror .	Yep .	I think you should have a try someday . Maybe you'll change your mind .	mayhap . After all , I am grown up now .
contra-0130	Hi . I ’ m here to catch flight 513 to New York .	May I see your ticket please ?	Here you are . Do you need to see my passport ?	Any form of picture I . D . will do .	Mmmm ... a photo I . D . I have my New Jersey driver ’ s license . Is that ok ?	That will do . What an interesting picture ! How old is it ?	Actually it wad taken just last year , but I had a shaved head and a beard . Can you still recognize me ?	Barely . Will you be checking any luggage today ?	Yes , One suitcase . I also have a carry-on bag .	Ok . Mr . Lee , you ’ re all set . Your flying leaves from gate 10 . Boarding begins at 10:30
contra-0131	What's your main range ?	Generally speaking , we provide bikes for both gentlemen and ladies , size 19 , 21 , 23 , 25 and 27 inches . We can vary the colors according to the buyer's requirements . Here are the catalogues and the pattern books . They will give you a rough idea about our products .	I am interested in your flying pigeon bicycles . I think some of these items will find a ready market in Canada . But what our customers appreciate most is a reliable product .	To be honest is the strong point of our products . As a matter of fact , it's always our practice to supply high quality goods at reasonable prices . Flying pigeon is the best of its kind at the price .
contra-0132	Well , known , Jim , I'm ... I'm pretty much in favour of your computers , I think computers teach kids to think , because they require logical thoughts .	But I ... I don't agree with thatbecause calculators weaken kids'ability to thinkbecause kids don't learn basic skills .
contra-0133	Did you watch the final last night ? My favorite singer won !	Oh , I love him too . He not only sings well but also shows perseverance when he encounters difficulties in the contest .	Yeah , he got booted after his initial performance in the audition , but he did not give up . He then tried at another two auditions .	He had barely survived the third audition and finally got a chance to advance in the contest . Fortunately , in the third audition , he has won popularity among the audience . And that's when I started to notice him .	Me too .	Before he made the top three , I was so nervous . I just fear that he might be knocked out .	Yeah , there're so many excellent candidates out there . Who knows which one will make it to the final ?	Absolutely . That's why when he entered the final , I was so excited .	He really did a great job in the finale , especially in the PK round . He performed so well that the majority of the consultation cast their votes for him .
contra-0134	Hello , 332440 .	Oh hello , Sally . This is Dave Thomson here . Could I speak to Jim please ?	I'm afraid he's not in at the moment Dave . He went out about an hour ago and he's not back yet .	Any idea when he might be back ?	Well , he shouldn't be long . He said he was just going to get some paint . But I wouldn't be surprised if he's stopped off at the pub on the way back .	OK . well , tell him I've called , will you , and I'll try again later .	All right . Goodbye , Dave .	Thanks then Sally . bye-bye .
contra-0135	Hi . What's your name ?	My name is Jung Min . What's your name ?	My name is Jessica . It's nice to meet you .	Yes . It's nice to meet you too . Are you a new student too ?	No . I'm a sophomore . I take it you are a new student ?	Yeah . It's pretty exciting to be here .	Have fun while it lasts . The excitement wears off real quick . Especially after you see how much homework you get . Where are you from ?	I'm from Korea . My parents wanted me to go to an American university , so I came here .	I have never been to Korea . I've been to Japan before , but never Korea .	Why were you in Nihon ?
contra-0136	hi , Mary ! What do you like to do in your spare time ?	well , I spend a lot of time watching movies .	what a confidence ! I always watch a lot of movies , too .	oh really , Frank ? What kind of pictures do you like ?
contra-0137	You look so happy , Anna . Any good news ?	Yes . I ’ Ve won the first prize in the math contest .	Really ? Congratulations !	Thank you , Paul .	By the way , would you like to have dinner with me tomorrow evening ? Tomorrow is my birthday .	Good , well-chosen birthday to you !
contra-0138	Do you like watching the Winter Olympic Games ?	Of course . It's the tradition game in winter , and with good reason . Don't you like watching it ?	Of course I do . I love it . All the games are exciting and the competitors are respectable .	That's true . For various reasons , it takes more to hold a fierce game for Winter Olympics than it does for Summer Olympics . You know , the low temperature may cause many problems .	Yeah . What's the difference between the Winter Olympics and the Summer Olympics ?	When the Olympic Games started in modern times , only summer events were included . When it grew popular , there came the Winter Olympic Games , which includes a variety of winter sports .	I see . Then , what's your favorite winter sport ?	Figure skating . In my eye , nothing beats it .	Then you must know Shen Due and Hao Hongbo .	Oh , I didn't expect you to recognize them . But yes , I love them not only because of many medals they've won , but also because of many medals they've won , but also because of their spirits .
contra-0139	What do you think about the equipment in our company ?	We have to equip our company with a network of work stations at every office and show room as soon as possible .	I also realized this issue . And agency automation is essential .
contra-0140	did you watch the Oscars on Sunday night ?	no , but I heard about that Angelina Jolie and Brad Pitt didn't attend .	yes , that was surprising . I heard that they got into a fight and then decided not to go .	they must be the most famous celebrity couple in Hollywood .	they're also one of the richest couples . They have so many money and they can buy almost anything they want .	I also heard that Tom Cruise and Katie Holmes made an appearance at the Oscars .	did either one of them win an Oscar this year ?	I think Tom might have been nominated for one of his films , but I don't think he won anything .	Tom Cruise may be handsome , but I think he's a bit crazy , don't you ?	yes , his marriage to Katie is actually quite scandalous .	I still think that they only got married to get more publicity for their movies and themselves .	people in show biz can have such an easy life ; I don't know why they have to make it so complicated .	I would never want to be a renown because the paparazzi would also be after you .
contra-0141	Can you help me now ?	No , but I'll be able to tomorrow .	That'll be too late .	Why don't you ask Bill if he can help ?	I did , but he wasn't capable to either .
contra-0142	Come in , come in , what can I do for you ?	Professor Donald , are you giving your advanced geology course again next semester ?	Yes , I am applying on it .	I wonder if I could enroll in it . I know it is a graduate form and I ' m a junior , but ...
contra-0143	I ’ m pretty sure that Jim will turn out to be a good lawyer .	How can you be so certain ?
contra-0144	So tell me , what's the difference between the Board of Directors , the CEO , and the stockholders ? They all seems ot be the same group of people to me ...	No , there's a definite difference . You know , the stockholders are the people who own the company ... they're the financial control system . Then there's the CEO — the chief executive officer . He's the hot shot , the main guy who is the boss . If there is only one person with absolute power in the organization , everyone knows that the power will go to their head . It's too dangerous . That's the reason for a Board of Directors . The board is made up of citizenry who are experts in the industry . They could be related to the organization , but more commonly , they are independent and non-biased .
contra-0145	I'm sorry , ladies . Mr . Smith's viewing is over . It ended an hour ago .	But we just drove across town . Can't we just go in to see him one last ...	I'm afraid not . But at tomorrow's funeral , the family requested an open casket service .	This is all too fast . He's my best friend , and now he's gone .	I'm sorry . I know it must have come as a great shock .	The wake was for saying goodbye , and I didn't even get that .
contra-0146	As we know , mobile phones bring people great convenience and shorten the distance among friends and relatives .	It bears a great many of advantages , but also some weak points .	Is it ? I've never thought of any disadvantages of the mobile phone .	For instance , the fluid phone seriously distracts the attention of people from work and study .
contra-0147	Hey , what's new ?	Not much . Just sitting here eating some Chinese food . Is that the paper ? Why don't you open it and tell me my horoscope ?	Ok , wait a minute ... let's see . I'm a Taurus , and it says , Mars is in the third house , and is soon to eclipse Venus . I don't know what that means , but then it says , Your charm and drive will win others over to your way of thinking . Remember to be positive . Sounds good to me .	What about Gemini ? What's the prediction ?	Since Mercury has crossed paths with Jupiter , your fortunes are falling . Bad luck will follow you today , and you will lose that which you value . Be careful .	That sounds bad ! I'm really worried , what should I do ? Maybe I should go home and stay in the rest of the day .	But we have a date tonight ! You can't continue at home because of a stupid horoscope .
contra-0148	I have to get to Chicago by tomorrow and you're telling me that there are no flights ?	I'm very sorry , sir . I could put you on a waiting list , but you would be wise to check out other means of travel .	You mean like a bus ? Have you ever traveled for ten hours on a bus before ?	I have not sir . But I do have a number for a very comfortable bus that goes to Newmarket every hour from here .
contra-0149	What can I do for you , Madam ?	Can you help me with Comprehensive Credit Granting ?	Certainly , Madam . What would you like to know ?	Well , everything really .	All right . We can grant a Financing Promise Quota , if you qualify . This means that we can deal with all of your needs in a speedy and efficient way . Firstly , your mention Rating must be class A , and your Debt to Asset Ratio must be top notch , for the industry you are involved in .
contra-0150	Nicole , your Fettucini is very ... unique .	But not as good as your mother's , right ?	Actually , it's better ...	What ? Are you kidding ?	No . It was the only dish she wasn't well at . So we could use you as the new head chef ...
contra-0151	Good morning , Passport , please .	Here you are .	Ah , thank you.Please bring your luggage here for inspection .	Ok.But is there anything wrong ?	It's just a regular inspection . Do you have anything to declare ?	I've got 6 packets of cigarettes and 2 bottles of champagne.Besides , I have two cameras , one is for my own use , and the other is a gift .	Well , the cigarettes and the champagne are not in excess of the duty-free allowance . But according to our law , each passenger is allowed only one camera responsibility-free.You ' ll have to pay duty for the other one .
contra-0152	You are an outgoing person , quite easy to talk with .	Yes , my friends like to get along with me well .	Do you have many friends ?	Yes , I like to make new acquaintances .
contra-0153	911 . How may I help you ?	I need to report a break-in .	When did this pause-in occur ?
contra-0154	Hello , Personal Banking . How may I help you ?	Hi there . I'm calling about Personal Internet Banking , what details can you give me ?	personal Internet Banking is a self service financial service that is based on the Internet . It can be used by both businesses and individuals . We offer an online payment service , Personal Net Banking , which includes services such as account transfers , personal foreign exchange trading . You can also get account management services , online bill payment , for household bills like gas and electricity ...
contra-0155	You are an early bird , Tom . What do you do in the morning then ?	Exercise . The morning hours are the most precious period within a single day . We should not pass them up easily . Seize the time and do something useful .	So , you choose to spend it on bodybuilding . Where do you exercise ?	Usually , I run to the Black Bamboo Park as a warm-up . Admission is free . Then I start my activities .	Do you do the same exercises every day ?	No , I've deliberately kept a balance between various exercises ; parallel bars , push-ups , sit-ups , bunny-hops , five-kilometer run , and so on . I alternate them over the weekdays . Sometimes , when I find myself in a bad state , I will simply idle about in the park .	Why don't you just stay in bed when you are feeling unfit for exercising ?	It's not easy to keep a good habit , you know . I fear that if I fail to get up early one day , I may find it still more difficult to rise early the next . Besides , a mere walk in the early morning is much fun , too . Here and there in the park , you meet whole gangs of senior citizens who might be singing operas or old songs , playing er'hu , chess , or just chatting and gossiping . It's interesting to join them .	Oh , yes . Singing is also a serious way of keeping fit , at least mentally .
contra-0156	Joe , how are you doing ?	I am great ! How about you , Mary ? How are you ?	I am doing great ! Thank you for asking , Joe .	I was wondering if you want to go see a movie with me tonight ?	I need to stay home tonight and finish my term paper .	OK . What about going to the movies on Friday night ?	What were you planning on seeing ?	I was thinking about seeing that one about the rapist serial killer .
contra-0157	How are you today ?	Great , thanks .	Can I help you ?	I would actually like to view the apartment for rent today .	I ’ m sorry , but you won ’ t be able to view it today .	Why not ?	You have to make an appointment first .	Oh , okay . Can I do that right now ?	Is this Friday okay ?	Is 6 o ’ clock Fri evening okay ?
contra-0158	Hi , Sam . I want to buy a pet . Do you have any ideas ?	You really should go to Rachel's pet store .	Why ? anything special there ?	It's more than special . You can find as many kinds of animals as you can put a name to and more .	Oh , really ? are there any snakes ?	Snakes ? there are even rodents and monkeys ! it's a world of exotic pets .	That's terrific . I can't wait to check it out .	Hang on . are you sure you want to keep a non-traditional pet ?	Why not ? it's so cool .	But it will pose a risk to your health .	Pardon ?	I mean , most reptiles carry some harmful bacteria , they are likely to cause immune system problems .	Well , I didn't realize that .	I don't believe it's a good choice to keep those pets , especially for families with young children .	Oh , I should have thought of my brother's baby girl . Maybe I'll just have a dog instead of an alien pet .
contra-0159	what was your wedding ceremony like , Abigail ?	my husband and I got married in a registry office with just two friends there as witnesses . But then we had three parties to celebrate .	three parties ? That's quite a lot . That must have been expensive !	well , since my husband and I are from two different countries , and we live in a third country , we decided to have one in each country . It wasn't actually that expensive .	were your parents upset that they weren't there to see you get married ?	I would have liked them to be there , but they couldn ’ t afford to fly out to see us , and we couldn't afford to fly out to see them , so they understood .	did your husband's family get to meet your family ?	my husband's parents flew out to meet my family when we got matrimonial in my hometown , so that was great . Some people spend ridiculous amounts of money on extravagant wedding receptions , but we agreed t
contra-0160	Have you seen the new James Bond movie ?	Oh , yes . You ?	Yes . What did you think of it ?	I thought it was better than the others-I really liked it . What did you think of it ?	Yes , I liked it , too . It was exciting , but not over the top . Do you know what I mean ?	Mmm . That's what I thought too . I really liked the car chase , and the opening credit sequence was very exciting . And I always enjoy watching Pierce Brosnan .	OH , yes . He's brilliant . Did you like the title song ?
contra-0161	Hi , Alice , what are you doing this sunday ?	Nothing really , why , what ' s up ?	If you are free , maybe you would like to go to a small party and having for my birthday party . It will be fun , you will get to know lots of people .	Sounds great , I'd very much like to accept your invitation , thanks , when ?	Around six pm .	Do you need help setting up or anything ? I don't mind . I wish to do that kind of thing . It's fun and I have a good eye for decorating .
contra-0162	I don ’ t want you to be worried , but our son has some bad habits now . He says painful words everyday .	What words ? Can you tell me ?	He says kick mommy , beat mommy , don ’ t want mommy , very quickly if I do something that he doesn ’ t like . You know , if I wash his face or change his clothes , things like that .	Honey , I don ’ t know what to tell you . Of course Tony is a young child . But do not underestimate his ability to learn and reason .	Yes , but sometimes he is just not reasonable .	I suggest you treat him with patience , affection , and respect . If he needs to do something , like go to bed , or be washed , etc . , please guide or help him to get it done , but lead him with gentleness .	It ’ s easy to say , but I will try .	Motivate Tony to cooperate by rewarding his good behavior . Do not emphasize punishment for bad moods , etc . Do not threaten him with punishment if he resists the actions you desire .	I know my parents sometimes imperil to punish him . But this doesn ’ t work , instead he picks up another bad habit .
contra-0163	have you ever been to Disneyworld ?	when I was young , my parents took me to the one in California . I always forget which — is that one Disneyland or Disneyworld ?	the one in Florida is Disneyworld and the one in California is Disneyland , so you must have been to Disneyland .	that's right . Why do you ask ?	well , I've never been to either so I was thinking of going to Disneyworld for my honeymoon .	when are you getting married ?	some time next year . We haven't set the date yet .	congratulations ! I had no idea .	thank you . So what do you think ? Would we have a good time ?	do you like amusement parks ?	for the most part , yes . Some of the rides are bit too scary for me , though .	if you don't think twice about the rides and go on every ride that you can , you'll have a good clip .
contra-0164	Hello .	Hi . It ’ s Tony calling from the dentist ’ s office . Is Lily there ?	No , Lily is not here at the moment .	Could you ask her to call me back when she gets in ?	Sure . What ’ s your number , please .	519 367 8901 .	Thanks . And your name is Tony , right ?	Yes . I ’ m Tony . Thank you very much .	You ’ re welcome . Bye .	bye .
contra-0165	How do you spend your day , Helen ?	Well , on weekdays I get up around ten . Then I read the paper for an hour and have lunch at about noon .	Really ? What time do you go to work ?	I start work at three .	And when do you get home at night ?	I get home pretty late , around midnight .	So what do you do , exactly ?	I'm a TV announcer . Don't you recognize me ? I do the weather report on KNT !	Gee , I'm sorry . I don't watch tv .
contra-0166	Excuse me , i am a new student here . Could you tell me where the English Department is ?	It is in that brand young , tall building over there . On the 9th floor .
contra-0167	A friend of mine has been taking an online career planning course these days . He told me the other day he has learned a lot from it . He recommended me to subscribe to it . What do you say ?	I think it is good if we know enough about career planning . We will make wiser choices . What else did he tell you about it ?	Well , just something in general , like several key steps in planning career and how to set specific and tenable goals .	Sounds practical ! To be honest , sometimes I feel puzzled about my future career . I am not sure if this job suits me the best though I work very hard on it and enjoy being a hard worker . I have always wanted to try something else and learn some new skills .	Making a decision to start over is not an easy thing to do . It seems that you need this course more than I do . I love my current job . If I take this course , I hope to learn some tricks to get myself more organized at employment . If they can give suggestions about how to boost work relationships , that will be great . I need these to improve my current work performance .
contra-0168	How many cleaning ladies does your company hire ?	We have two cleaning ladies . But both of them have received little education .
contra-0169	I am absolutely famished .	Yeah . I am too .	Where did you want to go for lunch ?	I was thinking we should just go to the cafeteria .	I don't think I ever got food from the cafeteria .	I actually like the food there .	Does the cafeteria sell a lot of different food ?	They have anything you want .	I was thinking about getting some Chinese food .	I bought some chow mein at the cafeteria . It tasted great .	We can eat at the cafeteria .	I suppose you'll really like the food there .
contra-0170	Hi , Becky , what's up ?	Not much , except that my mother-in-law is driving me up the wall .	What's the problem ?	She loves to nit-pick and criticizes everything that I do . I can never do anything right when she ' s around .	For example ?	Well , last week I invited her over to dinner . My husband and I had no problem with the food , but if you listened to her , then it would seem like I fed her old meat and rotten vegetables . There's just nothing can please her .	No , I can't see that happening . I know you're a good cook and nothing like that would ever happen .	It's not just that . She also criticizes how we raise the kids .	My mother-in-police used to do the same thing to us . If it wasn't disciplining them enough , then we were disciplining them too much . She also complained about the food we fed them , the schools we sent them too , and everything else under the sun .
contra-0171	Grand Theft Auto Three is awesome !	It's more violent than TV news !	What time is it anyway ?	Nine-thirty .	Oh , my God , three hours already ! I have to get the chores done !	No metre . That's their headlights in the window !
contra-0172	hi , darling ! I have a one-month vacation saved up . How about a trip to Europe ?	I could go for that . But I'm afraid our budget is a little tight this year .	oh , but I really need to leave this town for a change . Working day after day has worn me out . Do you have any other suggestions ?	we should probably think about going somewhere that isn't too far away . How about the countryside ? There must be many interesting places , and we could enjoy the fresh air and the delicious local spec	wonderful ! I think that's a great idea . How soon until we can make this happen ? I can't wait !	tomorrow I have an appointment with my dentist . What about next Monday ?	perfect . I'll start preparing tomorrow . If we're moving to drive , I'll need to fill up the tank .
contra-0173	Well , known , Jim , I'm ... I'm pretty much in favour of your computers , I think estimators teach kids to think , because they require logical thoughts .
contra-0174	Hey . Why did you take that money ? You are such a cheater ! I should send you to jail !	I am not cheating . When you pass go , you collect $ 200 , Everyone knows that !	Well you can ’ t just take the money . You have to ask the bank for money . And I ’ m the banker .	Banker ?	Yes ...	Can I have my $ cc please ?
contra-0175	I would like to buy a bottle of cleansing milk.Can you recommend me some kinds ?	Sure . What kind of skin do you have ?	My skin is oily .	Then I advise you to buy the LAY cleansing Milk .
contra-0176	I need help using the washer and dryer .	Tell me what the problem is .	I can't figure out how to turn them on .	Do you have some quarters ?	I didn't know I needed change .	The washer costs 50 cents and the dryer costs a dollar .	Where do I put the change ?	The quarters go into the slot . You have to push the slot in , and the machine will turn on .	Is that everything that I have to do ?	That's all there is .	I appreciate you helping me with this .	If you need anything else , just let me live .
contra-0177	Are there any beds vacant ?	Yes , what kind of room do you want ?	I prefer one facing the sea . Besides , it should have a shower .	Sorry , right now we can only have you a room without exhibitor .
contra-0178	Could you please wait for a minute ? I'll buy the tickets	All right .	Here is your ticket .	Thank you .	The park will close soon . We Should better go in correctly now .
contra-0179	Billy , you are late again .	I'm sorry I'm belated . I overslept . Is the manager here today ?
contra-0180	... so , I said , let ’ s take a break.And since that night , I ’ Ve been waiting for him to call , but I still haven ’ t heard from him . You don ’ t think he ’ s seeing someone else , do you ?	Come on , Don ’ t be so dramatic ! I ’ m sure everything is going to work out just fine .
contra-0181	John , I was looking through some magazines for ideas about where we might go on vacation this year .	I've already told my buddy , Mark , that I am going hunting with him in Alaska .	You can't be serious !	Hey , I've always gone hunting or fishing on vacation . I am sorry that bothers you .	After a year together , I thought it pretty safe to assume that we would automatically spend our vacation together .	Says who ? I don't think that is necessarily the case .	You know , now that I believe about it , I really don't have much more to say to you at all !
contra-0182	The bartender just gave the last call . Let's order another round , okay ?	Sure , but let's get a pitcher this time We should be able to down it before they close .	That sounds good . You order the beer while I go to the bathroom . Where is the can in this place ?	It's all the way to the back . See that yellow door ?	Yeah . I think I can find it .	You're back already . That sure was quick .	That's because I just took one step inside and turned right around . That bathroom is too gross for me .	Well , the barman wouldn't give me the pitcher of beer . Anyway . He said it was too close to closing time .
contra-0183	Hello , Madam . What can we do for you today ?	Hi . I've been sent over from Turner Interiors . They said I need to collect some sort of L / C ? Do you have it ?	I certainly do . Here it is , an Export L / C from Tokyo .	It should be from Sayuri Beds . Is that right ?	Yes , it is . Sayuri Beds , Tokyo , Japan .	That's what I want ! Do you need me to sign anything ? Or fill in some forms ?	Just sign powerful here , please . That's everything you need to do .
contra-0184	You look fresh recently.How do you make it ?	I attend an aerobic class three times a week .	Aren't you tired ?	No , I feel young , new and energetic .
contra-0185	Good morning . May I help you ?	Yes , I'd like to check out now . My name's Adams , room 312 . Here's the key .	One moment , please , sir . ... Here's your bill . Would you like to check and see if the amount is correct ?	What's the 14 pounds for ?	That's for the phone calls you made from your way .
contra-0186	Abby Park Hotel . Can I help you ?	Yes , I would like to book a room for my wife and myself .	Certainly sir . Could I have your arrival and departure dates ?	We will be arriving on Tuesday next week and staying for two days .	We have a double room for you with a nice view of the park . Would that be OK ?	Yes , that would be great . How much is the room ?	It is ninety-five pounds per night . It is a double room with a bathroom . There is a fridge , coffee maker and a television in the way .
contra-0187	Where are you going ?	I'm running to buy a CD .
contra-0188	I'd like to order breakfast , please .	What'd you care , madam ?
contra-0189	You look so happy , Anna . Any good news ?	Yes . I ’ Ve won the first prize in the math contest .	Really ? Congratulations !	Thank you , Paul .	By the way , would you like to have dinner with me tomorrow evening ? Tomorrow is my birthday .	Good , glad birthday to you !
contra-0190	Come in , come in , what can I do for you ?	Professor Donald , are you giving your advanced geology course again next semester ?	Yes , I am applying on it .	I wonder if I could enroll in it . I know it is a graduate course and I ' m a junior , but ...	Aren't you a bit young ? I have a lot of qualified seniors to take the course and they usually have a hard time keeping up .	I know , but geology of the American west is my major interest and I have done a large reading in the field .	Well , if you think you are ready , I'll let you enrol .
contra-0191	Hi , Sam . I want to buy a pet . Do you have any ideas ?	You really should go to Rachel's pet store .	Why ? anything special there ?	It's more than particular . You can find as many kinds of animals as you can put a name to and more .
contra-0192	Hello , is that Cathy speaking ?	Yes , is that you , Allen ?	yes , how are you doing ?
contra-0193	hello ! What are you reading about in the newspaper ?	hello ! I was exhausted form studying , so I decided to read the newspaper to relax . Unfortunately , the news is so depressing . There has been another murder in the city center . I ’ m shocked that the pole	people are starting to get frightened by it . Everyone will be relieved when they finally catch the murder .	you mean if they catch the murderer . I ’ m scared stiff about going into the city center at night .	there must have been some good news in the newspaper . I can ’ t believe that none of the news stories make you happy or excited .	well , there was one just piece of news . You remember the local girl who was dying of a rare blood disease ?
contra-0194	Do you believe in UFOs ?	Of course , they are out there .	But I never saw them .	Are you stupid ? They are called UFOs , so not everybody can see them .	You mean that you can them .	That's right . I can see them in my dreams .	They come to the earth ?	No . Their task is to send the aliens here from the outer space .	Aliens from the outer blank ? Do you talk to them ? What do they look like ?
contra-0195	How do you celebrate national day in your country ?	There are parades in many cities and people fly the national flags from almost every public building .	What kinds of parades are there ?	The parades are usually military ones , but sometimes there are procession of people carrying flags and singing patriotic songs . What do you do on national day in your country ?	We don ’ t have a national day .	Really ? That ’ s unusual .	I guess it is . Most countries have on , but we don ’ t .	Actually , even though we have parades , most people just use the national day holiday to visit family or go shopping . In the evening , many people watch special TV shows which fete national day .
contra-0196	How can I help you ?	Yes , I am James Mason from Anderson and Associates . I would like to see Mr . Smith .	Do you have an appointment ?	Yes , he knows I'm coming . Our meeting is set for 2 o'clock .	I wonder if Mr . Smith forgot your meeting . I am afraid he left this office this morning and is not expected back until after 4 pm . Let me find out if he made arrangements for someone else to meet with you in his place . Will you please have a seat ?	Sure .	Yes , Mr . Mason , I just checked with our office manager , Ms . Terry , she said Mr . Smith briefed her on your project . She is just finishing up a confluence now . She could be with your shortly . Would you like me to show you around while you are waiting ?
contra-0197	You're not looking happy . What's the matter ?	Oh , nothing special . I'm just a bit tired .	With the job ?	With everything , with everybody , with all this !	A good suggestion for you . You need a holiday .	It wasn't always like this , you know .	What do you mean ?	Well , I imply . We always do the same thing . There's no variety in our lives .
contra-0198	There's plenty left . Would you like another helping ?	I'd wish to have some more . It's really good .
contra-0199	I'm searching for an old music box .	You came to the right place . Any particular decade ?	If you had a box made in the ' 20s , that would be nice .	We just got one in yesterday , so now we have six .	Would any of them have dancing figures ?	Yes , we still have two boxes left that have dancing figures .	Oh , they're both so beautiful . Let me have this one , I think .	That one truly is a beautiful piece of work , isn't it ?	One last question	OH , no . Everything we sell here is " as is . "
contra-0200	May I take your order ?	Yes . I'd like a cup of onion soup .	And what would you wish after that ?
contra-0201	May I help you ?	Give me a Big Mac , a small order of French fries and a medium Coke .	You'll need to wait a few minutes for the fries . They are still in the fryer .	That's fine .	Your total comes to $ 7 .	Here's a twenty . Could you give me some more napkins ?	Sure . Your cash back is $ 13 . And we'll bring out your children in two minutes .
contra-0202	Have you got any experience in advertising ?	Yes , I have been working in the Public Relations Section of a company in the past two years . I plan the advertising campaign and cooperate the work of artists and typographers . Sometimes I have to do the work of a specialist when there ’ s something urgent .	Do you have any practical experience as a secretary ?	Yes , sir . I acted as a secretary in an insurance company .	Would you tell me the essential qualities a repository should maintain ?
contra-0203	How much is the rent ?	The rent is $ 1500 per month .	And how much is the deposit ?	The deposition is $ 500 .
contra-0204	May I take your order ?	Yes . I'd like a cup of onion soup .	And what would you like after that ?	I'd wish the roast chicken , please .
contra-0205	The bartender just gave the last call . Let's order another round , okay ?	Sure , but let's get a pitcher this time We should be able to down it before they close .	That sounds good . You order the beer while I go to the bathroom . Where is the can in this place ?	It's all the way to the back . See that yellow door ?	Yeah . I think I can find it .	You're back already . That sure was quick .	That's because I just took one step inside and turned right around . That bathroom is too gross for me .	Well , the barkeep wouldn't give me the pitcher of beer . Anyway . He said it was too close to closing time .
contra-0206	Cindy , how come nearly all the prime-time TV shows are comedies ?	That's because Americans love sitcoms .	Sitcoms ?	Situation comedies . A sitcom is half an hour long and it airs weekly . Sitcom shows tend to be about ordinary people . If there is one thing that all the shows have in common , it is teaching wholesome values .
contra-0207	how are you doing , Christopher ?	to be honest , I'm really fed up with work at the moment . I need a break !	are you doing anything this weekend ?	I have to work on Saturday all day ! I really hate my job !	are you available on Sunday ?	yes , that's my only day off until Thursday .	ok , well , my friends and I are planning on going to the beach on Sunday . We tend to leave around noon whenever we go anywhere , so you could still sleep in . Do you want to come with us ?	that'd be fantastic ! Which beach are you going to ?	it's a quiet beach just about an hour outside of the city .	what should I bring with me ?	we've got plenty of inflatables , but if you want to sit on a chair , you'll have to bring your own sunlounger .	I can just use my beach towel . I love lazing around in the sun .	do you like surfing ?	I've actually never tired . Do you have a surfboard ?	we've got a few . I can teach you how to surf on Sunday . It'll be fun !	I can't wait ! It sounds like we're going to have a great time . How much money should I bring ?	you'll just need roughly $ 10 for food and gas money . My friend is driving , so we usually all chip in a few dollars for gas money .	O.K. , where and when should I meet you ?
contra-0208	Excuse me . Do you mind if I try this on ?	Not at all . The changing rooms are just this way .	Thanks . It's a little tight . Do you have any in a larger size ?	Sure . I'll give you the next sizing up . That one is small , right ?
contra-0209	What's up ?	Nothing much , what's going on ?	I'm having a party this Friday .	Oh , really ? That's nice .	I wanted to see if you wanted to come .	This Fri ? Sorry , I already have plans .
contra-0210	I was just watching a documentary on TV about how people use dogs for various purpose . It was very interesting .	I love dogs . They have been used as guards for centuries . Nowadays , they are often used to find illegal drugs and bombs by the police and customs officers .	The documentary also pointed out that they are used by shepherds to round up sheep and by rescue workers to find people trapped under rubble or snow .	Horses are useful to people too . We utilize them for sports and recreation .
contra-0211	What ’ s the Mountaineering Club doing this weekend ?	We are going to climb a cliff on the Colorado River .	How hard is the climb ?	It is a very difficult climb because there are not many places to put your hands and feet .	What did you do last week ?	We rappelled down the side of 300 - foot cliff . It was very exciting .	Wow ! That sounds like a lot of fun . I ’ m sorry I missed it .	Well , you should come this weekend . I think you could do the raise .
contra-0212	Wow ! Your fruit looks really fresh ! How much are these apples ?	The apples are 30NT each . How many would you like ?	Let's see , 30NT is about ... almost a dollar US . What ? ! How about these pineapples ?	They're 250NT each , but they're not edible . They're only used for worship .	Hmm , 250NT is ... 8 dollars ? ! ! And you can't even eat them ? You're crazy !	Wait ! Don't go just yet . These bananas are pretty cheap--only 35NT for this bunch .	Now that's more wish it ! Bananas have lots of potassium , too !
contra-0213	Honey , I need to have a talk with you .	Dad , I have to do my homework .	No , honey , why didn't you go to cram school last night ?	Dad , I don't want to talk about it now .	Honey , if you don't want to go to cram school , you should tell me the reason why .	I'm sorry , dad . But I would rather stay at shoal than go to cram school .
contra-0214	Hey , how was the show ?	Not great . It's a kind of boring .	Really ? I heard it was supposed to be big .
contra-0215	Hi , Monica , how is everything going ?	Everything goes well , but I am thinking about quitting my current job .	Why ? You ’ re not satisfied anymore ?	I just sense . But I cannot grow anymore . My boss is not really supporting me . I am interested in some positions in other JV companies , but I need to do some more in-depth research before I send my application letters out .	That is important . Doing research on a company you are concerned in will definitely help your application .
contra-0216	I am sorry to trouble you again , Mr.Stone .	It's ok . What do you want to ask ?	Where should I go after I arrived at the university ?	The first place you should go is the International Center .	Why ?	You can get help there in dealing with the United States Immigration and Naturalization Service ; you can find Foreign Student Advisers .	What kind of role do foreign student advisers play ?	They'll discuss personal concerns , housing , adjustment , finances and other matters with you .	Can we get any more help at the International Center ?	Yes , a lot more . If you go there just before the beginning of the fall's semester , you can get your student ID and social security number there . They will keep your documents up-to-date . They will offer an orientation program for new comers . They will also facilitate you contact your department and registration office .
contra-0217	What are you typing there ?	I'm working on my resume .	Really ? Did you find any information about a new job ?	Yeah , I just got some good information off the internet .	Great ! Do you think you have a chance at getting the job ?	I didn ’ t just find out about one job . There were several ones that looked good .	Maybe I should try looking on the web for work .	Sure you have to be patient . But I think it ’ s much less trouble to sit in front of a computer than to go door to door or to make a lot of phone calls .	But there must be so many people who also see the advertisement for that problem on the net . You might have no chance .
contra-0218	It's getting late . I really have to go .	I hope we'll get together again soon .	I desire so . A good journey to you !
contra-0219	Joe , how are you doing ?	I am great ! How about you , Mary ? How are you ?	I am doing great ! Thank you for asking , Joe .	I was wondering if you want to go see a movie with me tonight ?	I need to stay home tonight and finish my term paper .	OK . What about going to the movies on Friday night ?	What were you planning on seeing ?	I was thinking about understanding that one about the rapist serial killer .
contra-0220	The Johnson are on their way back.You remember them , don't you ?	LBJ ? I can't place them .
contra-0221	Can I have a look at that digital camera please ?	Yes of course . This is a really good one actually .	How much does it cost ?	This one is 1500 yuan .	It looks pretty serious . I think I'll take it .
contra-0222	Excuse me , I'd like to ask you a few questions about the city .	OK , please .	My wife wants to take the children to go shopping , where is the best place to go ?	I would recommend the mall , it's about 20 minutes , drive to the south in a taxi . It has a wide range of shops and restaurants .	Thank you . Also , we'd like to do some sightseeing while we're in town . Can you recommend some local attractions ?	How old are your youngsters ?
contra-0223	After the financial crisis , many industries are in incredibly cloudy situations . How do you think about our company ?	The outlook in the future is very positive . Because we have been in this field for hundreds of years and we know how to survive this crisis safely .	As the department I am applying for is expanding , I would like to contribute by effort .	Great . Welcome to our caller .
contra-0224	How's Jimmy today ?	Better , thank you , doctor .	Can I see him please , Mrs Williams ?	Certainly , doctor . Come upstairs .	You look very well , Jimmy . You are better now , but you mustn't get up yet.You must stay in bed for another two days.The boy mustn't go to school yet , Mrs Williams . And he mustn't eat rich food .	Does he have a temperature , doctor ?	No , he doesn ’ t .	Must he stay in bed ?	Yes . He must remain in bed for another two days . He can get up for about two hours each day , but you must keep the room warm . Where's Mr Williams this evening ?	He's in bottom , doctor . Can you see him , please ? He has a bad cold , too !
contra-0225	hi , darling ! I have a one-month vacation saved up . How about a trip to Europe ?	I could go for that . But I'm afraid our budget is a little tight this year .	oh , but I really need to leave this town for a change . Working day after day has worn me out . Do you have any other suggestions ?	we should probably think about going somewhere that isn't too far away . How about the countryside ? There must be many interesting places , and we could enjoy the fresh air and the delicious local spec	wonderful ! I think that's a great idea . How soon until we can make this happen ? I can't wait !	tomorrow I have an appointment with my dentist . What about next Monday ?	perfect . I'll start preparing tomorrow . If we're going to drive , I'll need to fill up the tank .	no need . I think it's still plenty full . Even so , I'd rather travel by bus or train . It would cost much less than driving . Oil prices are soaring nowadays , you know .	we can take the gearing , that will be faster . I'll book the tickets tomorrow morning .
contra-0226	Listen , Karen , I need your help . I don't know anyone here yet .	I'm glad to help you . What's wrong ?	My mother-in-law just went into the hospital in L.A.Hank and I will be flying there tonight .	I'm sorry to hear it . What's wrong with her ?	Doctors aren't sure yet.But the real problem is Suzy . She has a bad cold , and we don't want to take her with us . But we don't know who can stay with her .	You need a babysitter .	Yes , I'd ask Jill , the girl I've had before , but I need someone overnight.Maybe even for two nights .	I could have Suzy stay at my place .	I don't want to do that to you , Karen .	Why not ?	Your own kids would get Suzy's cold . I think it would be better to have a good babysitter here . But I don't know who to ask . I need someone more mature than Jill . It might even be for two or three days .	I know who we can ask . There is a fille I know , Sara Ralston.She is 17 , and she will usually take this kind of job . I know her from my church , and I trust her completely .
contra-0227	You received a letter in the mail .	Give it here .	Who ’ s the letter from ?	I think it ’ s my acceptance letter from NYU .	I want to know what it says .	They didn ’ t accept me .	Are you serious ?	It ’ s the truth .	Are you okay ?	I really wanted to get into NYU .	I am really sorry to hear that .	It ’ s okay . I ’ m still waiting to see from UCLA anyway .
contra-0228	Let ’ s play a game !	OK ! How about Scrabble ?	No , no , a friend of mine taught me this really fun game . I ’ m going to describe someone ’ s face , and you guess who it is !	O.K. !
contra-0229	Why'd you pull me over ?	Are you aware that you drove through a red light ?	I ran a red lighting ?
contra-0230	What do you think about this store ? I heard it ’ s a posh store that ’ s only got branches in big cities .	I love this store . The only problem is that it ’ s extremely expensive .	Don ’ t worry . I ’ Ve decided that for your birthday I ’ m going to take you shopping for a new dress .	Really ? I thought you hated shopping ?	I do , that ’ s why you should appreciate this gift !	Sure . That ’ s really nice of you . Let ’ s go in and try some things on .	How about this red dress ? I think it would really suit you .	That ’ s gorgeous ! Do they have it in a size 8 ?	Here you go.On any other day , it would cost me a fortune , but it ’ s on special offer today .	I think this color isn ’ t quite right for me . Do they have the same attire in white ?
contra-0231	How do you decide what grade we get ?	I look at many things , attendance , quizzes , and tests .	What is the most important factor ?	Obviously I look for improvement as we go along , but I would like you to do your best from the beginning .	How can we keep track of our grades ?	The final and midterm are 40 percent of your level ; homework , attendance , and quizzes total 60 percent .
contra-0232	Good morning . Vane Theater , at your service .	Hello . I'm thinking about watching a Chinese traditional opera with a foreign girl . What's on this weekend ?	Well , there will be charity performance on Saturday night . And also , there will be a solo concert by an Opera star on Sunday night .
contra-0233	We have made some adjustment on the prices . And this is renewed price list .	Thank you for allowing us 3 % reduction , but still we find your Price is on the high side .
contra-0234	Bill , do you know if the cafeteria around the corner's open today ?	Yes . They were loose this morning when I came to work . They must've finished remodeling . Why do you want to know ?
contra-0235	Come in , come in !	Hi , Gary , what happened ? I was waiting for you at the theater . Why didn ’ t you meet me there ?	I thought we were supposed to meet here .	Don ’ t you know our movie starts at seven ? And we were going to meet at the theater at five to seven . Then it doesn ’ t make sense to fulfill at the apartment .
contra-0236	What date would you like to depart , sir ?	Do you have any seats for September 16th ?	Let's see ... I'm afraid the 16th is fully booked . But I have places for the 17th .
contra-0237	Please tell me something about your insurance background .	I majored in international banking at college so I took many indemnity courses . And I worked at an insurance company for my graduation field work .
contra-0238	Hello , Bessie .	hello , Jack.Happy birthday !
contra-0239	Hello .	Hi . It ’ s Tony calling from the dentist ’ s office . Is Lily there ?	No , Lily is not here at the moment .	Could you ask her to call me back when she gets in ?	Sure . What ’ s your number , please .	519 367 8901 .	Thanks . And your name is Tony , right ?	Yes . I ’ m Tony . Thank you very much .	You ’ re welcome . Bye .	bye .
contra-0240	Could you please tell me how I can go job-hunting in the web ?	Generally speaking , job seekers can enter the websites either of job agencies or of some units for business advertisements .
contra-0241	Good morning , Passport , please .	Here you are .	Ah , thank you.Please bring your luggage here for inspection .	Ok.But is there anything wrong ?	It's just a regular inspection . Do you have anything to declare ?	I've got 6 packets of cigarettes and 2 bottles of champagne.Besides , I have two cameras , one is for my own use , and the other is a gift .	Well , the fags and the champagne are not in excess of the duty-free allowance . But according to our law , each passenger is allowed only one camera duty-free.You ' ll have to pay duty for the other one .
contra-0242	Jeff , I'm going to the supermarket . Do you want to come with me ?	I think the supermarket is closed now .	Oh , When does it close ?	It closes at 7:00 on Sundays .	That's too bad .	Don't worry , we can go tomorrow morning . It opens at 8: 00 .	Alright . What do you want to do now ?	Let's take a walk for a half an hour . My sister will get here at about 8: 30PM and then we can all go out to dinner .	Where does she live ?	She lives in San Francisco .	How long has she lived there ?	I think she's lived there for about 10 years .
contra-0243	Could you do me a favor and proofread my resume before I send it out to the human resources department ?	Sure , let me take a look ... Personal Information , Education , Experience , Training ... I think you should add another section for language . You speak three languages , so you might as well put that on your resume .	But languages don't have anything to do with engineering . Shouldn't everything I put on my resume have something to do with my field ?	Not necessarily . I think people would be impressed by your language abilities . It says something about your level of intellect and experience . Also , I think human resources directors want to see more of a well-rounded person in a resume .	It's just a piece of paper , you think that they can tell if I am a well-rounded person by looking at it ?	Well , you're right , the resume is limited in how much it can say someone about a person . That's why job interviews are important to let people know the real you that they can't see from a piece of paper . But resumes can be helpful in explaining things and giving a good impression to a potential employer .
contra-0244	Hello ! I'm sorry to bother you . This is a complimentary fruit tray . Your food will be ready soon .	Wow ! It's a yield sculpture ! Your chef is a real artist !
contra-0245	I need something to wash this down . Is there any juice in the fridge ?	What is that ? It looks like something from a swamp !	It's a green drink . It's supposed to be full of vitamins and minerals .	You know , healthy eating doesn't have to make you gag .	The sales lady said that even if I eat right , I wouldn't get enough vitamins .	Have you ever tried it ? Or are you just going to believe the sales lady ?
contra-0246	We are going to have a picnic tomorrow at the picnic center .	That's great .	Now let's get things ready .	Don't worry . There are all kinds of affairs in the center .
contra-0247	Let me tell you some more . The interest is settled on the 20th of the last month in each quarter , It's paid quarterly . Of course it also needs to be settled if you cancel the account .	Miao Ping , in your opinion , should we go for the Type A or Type B Account ?	Well , the Type B Account is very restricted . If your aim is to use the account the same way as your use your Settlement Account , I would recommend the Type A report for you .
contra-0248	Excuse me , what's the time difference between Tokyo and London ?	8 hours . Tokyo is 8 hours earlier than London .	It's one day more or one day less from Tokyo to London ?	One day more .	It means that we will arrive on the same daylight .
contra-0249	Excuse me , are you Mrs . Green from England ?	Yes , I am .	I'm pleased to meet you , Mrs . Green . My name is Myra . I work in Beijing Institute of Technology . I came here to meet you .	How do you do ?	How do you do ?	It's kind of you to meet me at the airport .	Welcome to Beijing . Is this your first time in China ?	No , I have visited China several times , but it's my first visit to Peking and I think it's a great honor to be invited to your beautiful city .
contra-0250	Good morning , sir . May I help you ?	well morning , I have an appointment with Mr . Johnson at 10:00
contra-0251	Billy , you are late again .	I'm sorry I'm late . I overslept . Is the manager here today ?	Yes he ' s in his office .	Oh , I hope he didn't notice me .	Don't take any chances . It'd be best if you told him and promised not to be late again . He's already mad at you for last 2 times . Any more and he might fire you .	You said it . It won't happen again . Do you really think he'd fire me ?	I believe he might . You'd better go to his office .
contra-0252	What is your nationality ?	I am Chinese by birth .	Where is your domicile place ?	My domicile position is Hebes Province .
contra-0253	So how did I do on my driving test ?	Do you want the truth ?	Of course , I do .	Well , you really didn't do all that well .	How bad did I do ?	To be completely honest , you failed your tryout .
contra-0254	Hi , Mary . I haven't seen you in ages ! I heard that you and Daniel are getting married on August 8th , the opening day of the 2008 Olympic Games . Is it true ?	Yes , it is . We've been dating for over 7 years . We have decided to get married on a special day and we think August 8th , 2008 is a red-letter day .	Good for you ! It sounds like you've done a lot of planning in a very short time .	Yes , there is a lot of to be taken care of---wedding photos , wedding dress , catering , transport , hotel , etc ...	Is everything ready now ?	Almost . The only thing that isn't ready is the hotel . As a lot of people have chosen that day to get married , it is hard to find a hotel that isn't too expensive .	Have you tried The Peninsula Palace Beijing ? My wedding reception was held there and they did an excellent job .	Yes , we called , but it is booked up . The only choice is the Regent Beijing but we haven't made up our minds yet .	It's an excellent hotel . A friend of mine had her wedding reception there and said it was perfect , though very expensive .	That's why we want to have a look at other hotels . We don ’ t want to spend too much on an extravagant wedding reception .	I guess you're right . I can help you ask other hotels . I am sure there are probably some available .
contra-0255	Hello . This is Mrs . Wilson . I'd like to buy a new car . Could you offer me a new type of the car , please ?	Oh , Madam , purchase what ?
contra-0256	What can I do for you today ?	I have a question .	What do you need to know ?	I need to take the driver's course . How many hours do I need ?	It depends on what you're trying to do with the completion of the track .
contra-0257	Man , I'm hungry . Do you know a good place to have lunch ?	Yes , I know a great situation . What types of food do you like ?
contra-0258	Okay , so we're agreed on 900 .	I'm happy with that price .	Let's shake on it .	Okay , let's sway on it .
contra-0259	I need help using the washer and dryer .	Tell me what the problem is .	I can't figure out how to turn them on .	Do you have some quarters ?	I didn't know I needed change .	The washer costs 50 cents and the drier costs a dollar .
contra-0260	Are you sure you can't lend me five thousand dollars ?	Hmm ... I'll tell you what . I'll contribute you four thousand dollars , but you have to pay me back next week .
contra-0261	I find that you spend little on handset charge every month . Have you any trick ?	It's simple . You can use call transfer .	Is it so simple ?	Sure . You know , we spend most of our time at home or in the office every day , so I receive handset calls with the hand-free telephone , so I need pay petty for receiving calls .
contra-0262	Have you ever tried shopping online ?	No , never . I prefer to actually see and touch what I'm buying before I pay for it , especially for clothes and shoes .	That's right . Seeing is believing .	I've heard some friends say when they get the article , it's quite different from what they see on the website advertisement .	That happens . Without close quality examination , we may encounter fraud , and the e-shop may suddenly disappear .	What's more , it's not always so safe for us to pay online as hackers might steal the user name and password .	It's said that some measures have been taken to deal with this problem . Paying online is much safer than before , but I still have the feeling that it's not dependable enough .
contra-0263	You mustn't touch the wet paint , Bill .	I'm sorry . I won't do it again .	Try to be more careful in future . Look ! you've damaged the sign .	Is this the signal ? What does it says ?
contra-0264	I've come to hear about your offer .	We have the pass ready for you . Let me check . 10 boxes with 50 brooches per box , at 20,000 yuan ; 20 boxes with 50 waistbands per box , at 30,000 yuan ; 15 boxes with other ornaments per box , at 7 , 500 yuan , for shipment in June . The offer is valid for five days .
contra-0265	Good morning , Angela , how have you been lately ?	Morning , Michael . I ’ Ve been very busy lately . One of our other vendors is going out of business and I ’ Ve been searching for a suitable replacement .	Well , rest assured that you can count on us to be here for the long run , sitdown.Coffee ?	No , thanks . I ’ Ve been trying to cut down on the caffeine .	Haha , I could never do that . I ’ d be a zombie if I didn ’ t have my morning coffee fix . Let ’ s get down to business then .	Yes . I ’ Ve come to talk with you about ordering the eight megapixel cameras for our new methone . The demand for phone cameras is growing , and Pear has been falling behind in the market .
contra-0266	What happened ? Why didn't he win ?	Didn't you hear ? He was disqualified .	How did that happen ? He's so talented ! I thought he had a great chance of winning a gold medal !	If he didn't have any drug problems , he would have won .	What ? What kind of drugs was he using ?	He was taking steroids to make him stronger and faster .	I thought that all athletes were supposed to be regularly tested for drugs .	They are . The only reason they didn't disqualify him until after the race is because the results from the text only came back afterwards .	That's so disappointing . I don't know why top athletes would feel the need to take drugs .	I don't think it's right , but I can understand why they might . Imagine how much pressure there would be to gain for your country !
contra-0267	Abby Park Hotel . Can I help you ?	Yes , I would like to book a room for my wife and myself .	Certainly sir . Could I have your arrival and departure dates ?	We will be arriving on Tuesday next week and staying for two days .	We have a double room for you with a nice view of the park . Would that be OK ?	Yes , that would be great . How much is the room ?	It is ninety-five pounds per night . It is a double room with a bathroom . There is a fridge , coffee maker and a television in the room .	Does the lav have a bath or a shower ?
contra-0268	They don't really think you took it , do they ?	I don't know . I just know I've never been asked so many questions in my life .	How many of them were there ?	Three-but there was one of them who kept asking really stupid questions .	Like what ?	Oh , he wanted to know what time I got up this morning and if I bad a bath or a shower you know , things like that .	What on earth has that took to do with some money disappearing ?
contra-0269	Excuse me Miao Li . Could you tell me who Jackie Chan is ?	Certainly . Jackie Chan is a very famous movie star in Hong Kong . His Chinese name is Cheng Long .	Ha , I know Cheng Long a lot , he has made 40 films since 1976 . And at that time he was promoted as the new Bruce Lee . But I'm not familiar with his English name .	OK . Then tell me what else you know .	Some movie stars measure their worth by how many millions of dollars they make . Do you know how Jackie Chan measures his worth ?	He measures his worth by how many of his bones he has fractured while executing his film , incredible stunts . By the way , can you count the breaks ?	Sure . His skull , his eyes , his nose , three times , his jaw , his shoul-der , is chest , two fingers , a knee . As he said ' Everything from the top of my head to the bottom of my feet ! '	Indeed you know much about him .	This is because he is the action-film incarnate or action-star extraordinaire around the world .
contra-0270	Let's have some lunch ; do you know of a great restaurant somewhere ?	Yes , I'm hungry . What types of food sound good ?	Maybe just a quick sandwich , salad , or something .	I have a large idea of where you might like to go .
contra-0271	Have you ever gotten a parking ticket ?	I've never gone one . Have you ?
contra-0272	Has your company been affected much by government legislation ?	Yes , we have . We've had to clean up our production process a lot to meet tough government standards .	What about your use of raw materials ?	Well , we've had to cut down the amount of solvents we practice and we ’ re not allowed to use lead in our products any more .
contra-0273	Everything is now . I'm kind of sick of it .	Each ring has 3 small diamonds inside the band .	Oooh ! One for each of the zeros in 2000 ! Wow !	Stop making fun of me .	So find a guy to marry and you can get one !	I don't need a bozo to buy a wedding ring !
contra-0274	I need to buy some flowers for my wife .	Perhaps you'd be interested in red roses .	What would the roses cost me ?	They're only $ 20 a dozen .	I like the sound of that .	Yes , that is today's sale price .	A twelve will be fine .
contra-0275	What kind of place shall we rent ?	It should be close to the university . Neither of us are good at getting up in the mornings and closer it is , the later we can get up .	Absolutely . That's the most important thing to take into consideration . I'm not too worried about the size of the flat .	Neither am I . So a small place is ok , but we'll get a bigger one if it's not expensive . Do you mind if it's in a noisy area ?	I don't mind . i'm not a light sleeper , but quieter is better for when we have to study at home .	Good point . Ok , let's go to the estate agent and see what they can offer us .	Yes , if we're lucky we'll find something in the next few days . I think you had a good idea to start flat hunting early .	How much do you remember the rent will be ?
contra-0276	How do you celebrate national day in your country ?	There are parades in many cities and people fly the national flags from almost every public building .	What kinds of parades are there ?	The parades are usually military ones , but sometimes there are procession of people carrying flags and singing patriotic songs . What do you do on national day in your land ?
contra-0277	Thanks for inviting me to work out with you , Joan .	Don't mention it , let's go in .	Yeah , this place looks great . Wow , look at her , she can certainly get down , can't she ?	She sure can . Are you jealous , Leslie ?	A little , I wish I could do that .	You can ! With a petty practice .
contra-0278	Did you read the letter in the paper about smoking ? The person who wrote that must be crazy .	I don ’ t think so . I think the government should do everything it can to discourage people from smoking .	Maybe so . But a law banning cigarettes will do no good .	No , you can ’ t suddenly make smoke illegal , but government could prohibit smoking in public places like movies and theatres .
contra-0279	You are an early bird , Tom . What do you do in the morning then ?	Exercise . The morning hours are the most precious period within a single day . We should not pass them up easily . Seize the time and do something useful .	So , you choose to spend it on bodybuilding . Where do you exercise ?	Usually , I run to the Black Bamboo Park as a warm-up . Admission is free . Then I start my activities .	Do you do the same exercises every day ?	No , I've deliberately kept a balance between various exercises ; parallel bars , push-ups , sit-ups , bunny-hops , five-kilometer run , and so on . I alternate them over the weekdays . Sometimes , when I find myself in a bad state , I will simply idle about in the park .	Why don't you just stay in bed when you are feeling unfit for exercising ?	It's not easy to keep a good habit , you know . I fear that if I fail to get up early one day , I may find it still more difficult to rise early the next . Besides , a mere walk in the early morning is much fun , too . Here and there in the park , you meet whole gangs of senior citizens who might be singing operas or old songs , playing er'hu , chess , or just chatting and gossiping . It's interesting to join them .	Oh , yes . Singing is also a right way of keeping fit , at least mentally .
contra-0280	Leo ! I wanted to tell you thanks for all your hard work on the budget . We ’ re having a get-together after work tonight at Carl ’ s Karaoke Club to celebrate owning finished it . We ’ d love to see
contra-0281	Excuse me , may I help you ?	Would you please fill some gas for me ?	Sure . Which kind of gun do you want ?
contra-0282	Hello ! How do I get more amenities ?	I'm sorry , sir . I'm not sure I understand .	I'm talking about the free stuff , like soap and shampoo .	Oh , I see . So , you're saying that you've already run out of your amenities .	No , no . I've got plenty left .	Now I'm confused again ! What is the problem ?	What am I going to do about souvenirs ?	Oh , I get it ! You want souvenirs !	Yes , I've got enough soap for my use , but no extra soap for souvenirs .
contra-0283	Hello ! I'm sorry to bother you . This is a complimentary fruit tray . Your food will be ready soon .	Wow ! It's a yield sculpture ! Your chef is a real artist !
contra-0284	are you a blogger ?	sure I am . I've been writing a blog for almost three years .	oh , it seems that I'm the only one who never blogs . When did you get started ?	I began blogging when I first went to the US for my graduate strides .	what do you usually write about ?	at first , I'll write about my life there . Like interesting things on the campus , travel stories , special English words that I come across . Sometimes , I'll post my pictures on my blog so my family an	that's interesting . How often do you write a blog ?	it's random . If there happen to be a lot of things going on , I may add several new entries in a week , and if I've got nothing to share , I may leave my blog untouched for weeks .	took it . Are you still updating your blog ?
contra-0285	Thank your for calling World Airline . What can I do for you ?	I need to book a plane ticket to London .	Round-trip or one-way ?	One-direction .
contra-0286	It's located in the suburbs ? Well even though that sounds like a steal , I really want something downtown .	OK . Well the problem is that the apartments in the heart of the city are usually more expensive .	I know , that's my job . What do you think I should do ?
contra-0287	Sorry . I didn't mean to be late . Can I come in ?	What's your excuse this time ?	Have I used the one that my sister is sick ?	Yes , twice last week .	Are you sure ? I thought I said it was my mother .	I don't think so . But it could've been .	Well . You can trust me this time . My sister is definitely crazy . I'm just coming from the hospital . They say she might even die .
contra-0288	Thank your for calling World Airline . What can I do for you ?	I need to book a plane ticket to London .	Round-trip or one-way ?	One-path .
contra-0289	We are going to have a picnic tomorrow at the picnic center .	That's great .	Now let's get things ready .	Don't worry . There are all kinds of affairs in the center .
contra-0290	Do you like ethnic food ?	I do ! My favorites are Mexican , Thai , and Indian .	Really ? Have you ever tried Moroccan ?	I can't say that I have . What are the basic ingredients ?	I don't know . A friend of mine said I should try it .	Do you know where a Maroc restaurant is ?
contra-0291	The boss announces the pay raise today , right ? How much do you think we'll get ?	No idea . Your guess is as good as mine .	It better be more than last year .	Well , anything is better than nothing . Wait and see .
contra-0292	It ’ s really terrible !	What are you talking about ?	Don ’ t you see many parents are forcing there children ’ s hands to learn something they think important to their children . But the children are not interested in it at all .	You said it . Many parents just don ’ t know how to educate their children .
contra-0293	Hi there , I want to reserve a hotel room .	No problem at all . Could I have your full name , please ?	Sure , John Sandals .	Hi , Mr . Sandals . I'm Michelle , at your service . When do you need the room ?	My plans are to be there April 14th to the 17th .	We have new way rates , sir . Will that be acceptable to you ?
contra-0294	What type of people do you work with most effectively ?	I tend to work well with people who are confident and straightforward.It ' s more difficult for me to be around timid people , because I move quickly and I am decisive .	What things impress you in your colleagues ?	I admire and go best with people who are of good character and integrity . I also think confidence and enthusiasm is positive in any business environment .
contra-0295	Everything is now . I'm kind of sick of it .	Each ring has 3 small diamonds inside the band .	Oooh ! One for each of the zeros in 2000 ! Wow !	Stop making fun of me .	So find a guy to marry and you can get one !	I don't need a hombre to buy a wedding ring !
contra-0296	Excuse me , could you help me pick out a lotion ?	Sure , what is the problem ?	I got poison oak while hiking , and I need something to help me with the itching .	I can suggest a product called Techne that comes in a lotion or cream .	Which do you prefer ?	Hikers tell me that the cream is best because it stays on longer .	Is there anything else I can do to help with the itching ?	You can take an antihistamine .	Thank you so much for all of the information .	You are welcome . Please feel free to ask me a question any time you need aid .
contra-0297	Are you doing anything tomorrow morning ? I'm wondering if you'd like to come to my office to discuss the new project .	Tomorrow daybreak ? What about tomorrow afternoon ?
contra-0298	What would you like for Christmas ?	I would care to have that new style Gl Joe .
contra-0299	Did you read the letter in the paper about smoking ? The person who wrote that must be crazy .	I don ’ t think so . I think the government should do everything it can to discourage people from smoking .	Maybe so . But a law banning cigarettes will do no good .	No , you can ’ t suddenly make smoke illegal , but government could prohibit smoking in public places like movies and theatres .
contra-0300	Hey honey , how was your day ?	It was alright . I ran into Bill and we got to talking for a while . He ’ s in a bit of a jam .	Why ? What happened ?	Well , his son had an accident and Bill doesn ’ t have health insurance . This really got me thinking , and I wondered if we shouldn ’ t look into a couple of different HMO ’ s .	Yeah , you ’ re right . We aren ’ t getting any younger and our kids are getting older .	Exactly ! I searched on the web and found a couple of HMO ’ s with low co-pays and good coverage . The deductibles are low , too .	Sounds good , although , do you think we can qualify for policy ? Those insurance companies are real pirates when it comes to money .
contra-0301	Have you seen the new James Bond movie ?	Oh , yes . You ?	Yes . What did you think of it ?	I thought it was better than the others-I really liked it . What did you think of it ?	Yes , I liked it , too . It was exciting , but not over the top . Do you know what I mean ?
contra-0302	Can I help you ?	Yes , I would like to buy a Walkman . Can you tell me about the models you have ?	Well , we have a lot of frameworks here.Did you want to listen to CD's or cassettes or the radio ?
contra-0303	Wow , Amy , look at that number .	What's so great about it ?	What do you mean ? It's a scrim .	Not to me , I wouldn't be caught dead in that .	I love that kind of stuff .	Yeah , you seem to like those styles .	Sure do . I get a kick out of looking punk .	This one looks really expensive though .	I don't care how much it costs . I'm rolling in it .	Lucky you ! I can't buy anything else . I'm flat broke .	I got a replace my party outfit , I trashed it last week .	Why did you drag me into this ? I've spent a week salary .	Are you on the level ? You're the one who called me , remember ?	Just joking , Tonia . I've got some wonderful clothes . Let's go and have a close looking at your outfit .
contra-0304	It's especially cold when the wind is blowing .	Why don't you wear a scarf ?	What can wearing one do for me ?	You're cold because the wind is blowing into your open collar . It's not because your jacket isn't thick enough .
contra-0305	Which university did you graduate from ?	I graduated from Peking University .	What was your major at university ?	I studied economics , I am especially interested in the economic development of China .	What course did you like best ?	I like Business Management , and i think it's very useful for the present work .	What do you think is the relationship between the subjects you've taken and the job you are seeking ?	I've taken courses on office administration , reports and correspondence writing . I think all these are closely related to the task of assistant manager , because it requires the ability to perform general office work and to assist the manager in handling all paperwork .
contra-0306	Cindy , how come nearly all the prime-time TV shows are comedies ?	That's because Americans love sitcoms .	Sitcoms ?	Situation comedies . A sitcom is half an hour long and it airs weekly . Sitcom shows tend to be about ordinary people . If there is one thing that all the shows have in common , it is teaching wholesome values .	In Taiwan , prime-time shows are an hour long and most of them aren't comedies .	I think Americans would rather laugh than cry or be scared in their free metre .
contra-0307	Are you sure you can't lend me five thousand dollars ?	Hmm ... I'll tell you what . I'll lend you four thousand dollars , but you have to pay me back next week .
contra-0308	Hi , Kenny . Let's go for a drink .	Sounds good . Where are we going ?	Somewhere new . It's a great place to pick up chicks .	Need a new . girlfriend , huh ?	Yeah , I broke up with Lisa.She blew a gasket over it . Whoa , get a load of that !	Whew ! That getup is terrific !	Never mind the getup.She ' s beautiful !	That too .	I'm gonna introduce myself .	If you're lucky , that might do the trick .	Oh , oh , that tears it ! I'm getting out of here .	Hold on ! What's the big hurry ?	My ex-girlfriend's here.If she sees me , my goose is cooked .	I wanna finish my drinking first . I'll meet you at Sammy's .
contra-0309	Hello . Nice to see you again . I heard you went into hospital for a few days to undergo surgery . I hope everything ’ s OK .	Yes , fine . I had something wrong with my stomach . I won ’ t go into detail , but it wasn ’ t serious .	I really dislike going to a doctor or to a hospital .	I think most people are a little nervous about it . I was really very , very nervous just before I had the operation , but the anaesthetist gave me an anaesthetic and the next thing I remember was waking up after the operation .	It must have really hurt afterwards .	Well , the nurse game me plenty of painkillers , but it did feel uncomfortable . I wasn ’ t permitted to eat anything for 48 hours . That was the worse thing .	I bet you were ready for a thick juicy steak when you got out of hospital .	I certainly was ! However , the doctor gave me a list of food I couldn ’ t eat for another 72 hours , and steak was on the list !	Is there any pain now ?	No , not at all . I stopped taking painkillers after a couple of Days .
contra-0310	What's the matter with me , Doctor ? I feel so tired these days .	Is your blood pressure , I'm afraid . It's far too high .	And what's the cause of that ?	Overwork-amongst other things . You can't work 24 hours a day . You ' Ve got to slow down .	But I can't just decelerate down .
contra-0311	Hi , Dan . What's new ?	Where have you been ? I've been trying to get in touch with you for two days .	I went to Salt Lake City on business . What's up ?	I got fired .	How come ? Last time I saw you . You told me it was a good job , and you'd like to take it as a career . That was only one month ago . Why this sudden change ?	It's a long story . In a word , I didn't do a good Job of it . I messed up a business deal , a deal that would have made ten million dollars and I messed it up .
contra-0312	Hello , Jack . I'm John .	I'm glad to see you !	Sit down , please . Maybe you have read the contract , but I want to give you the details again before you sign the contract . You must have a three-month internship .	Yes , I know .	When you become a permanent employee , you will have the insurances . You will get monthly pay and will be on eight-hour / day work shift .	Wait , will I have five policies and one fund ?
contra-0313	Did you set your clock forward for daylight savings time ?	What ? Why do we have to do that ?	Well , at the start of the spring we usually have more daylight in the mornings and less in the afternoon . This is basically due to our position on the planet and the rotation of the earth . In any case , to take better advantage of the daylight available , we compensate by moving our clocks forward one hour .	I see . That ’ s convenient ! I never understood things like this , such as GMT . I never know what clip zone we are in or when to change my clock !
contra-0314	I ’ d like to apply for a personal loan .	How much would you care to borrow ?
contra-0315	Hello , Tom . Where are you heading for ?	I am going to a movie theater . You know there is a new action film produced by Hollywood . A thriller , really .	Another terror film ? There is too much terror and violence in the films . Do you like seeing such a picture ?	I don't really wish seeing bloody frames , but I appreciate the lifelike frames simulated with the highly skillful special effects .
contra-0316	Well , I'm afraid I must be going now . I have no idea it was so late .	Stay for dinner with us .	I'm afraid I can't . I have a dinner party at seven tonight . You see , I am going to England the day after tomorrow .	Well , I won't keep you then . It was very nice of you to come to see me .	It has been a pleasure . Goodbye .	bye-bye . Thank you again for coming .
contra-0317	How long have you been in England ?	For almost two years .	Almost two years ? Your English is very good .
contra-0318	We are just going round the corner for a drink . Won't you join us ?	Well , I'd like to , but I am not sure I have time .	Oh , come on ! Just a quick one !	All right , just a fast one .
contra-0319	What a beautiful watch . It goes very well with your ring .	Thank you .	Is that your wedding ring ?	I'm not married yet . It's my engagement ring .	Well , congratulations . When is the big date ?	In June .	Did you have the watch before getting the ring ?	Actually , we bought the ringing together after I got the watch .
contra-0320	How are you ?	I ’ m doing well .	How may I help you ?	Could you cancel a check for me ?	What ’ s the problem ?	I wrote the check out for way too much .	How much ?	I wrote the check out for $ 150 .	What were you supposed to write it out for ?	I was supposed to pen the check out for $ 100 .
contra-0321	Welcome to the company . We are conducting a survey of new employees to find out what influenced them to choose our company .	That's easy . It was your office ergonomics that decided me .	You're kidding ! Something as simple as that ?	Yes . It is very important to me . My mother worked in offices for twenty years , and she finally had carpal tunnel syndrome . I have been reading about repetitive stress injuries , and I know that t	Yes , there has been a lot of research into RSI's . Something so simple as proper chair height can prevent injuries . Tell me , did anything else influence your decision ?	Yes , I noticed that you have professional training and team-building days . I like the idea of working for a troupe that invests in its staff .
contra-0322	Food is less expensive in a cafeteria , because you serve yourself .	How to do it ?	Just pick up a tray , then put a knife , a fork , a spoon and a paper napkin on it and stand in the line .	How long will it take to reach the buffet ?	Not long , because people rush for lunch .	The channel sure does move fast .
contra-0323	Well , tell me something of yourself .	What would you like to know , Mr . Green ?	What working experience have you get ?	In 2004 , I got a job in the sales department of a trading company near Guangzhou . I started a sales representative . A year later , I was promoted to the position of sales manager . I had that job ever since , which is just over a year now .	Oh , good . Irene , can you tell me why you plan to quit being a sales manager to work here as my assistant ? Don't you like your present job ?	Frankly , some part of it I enjoy very much , but I prefer something more professional . It happens that I have a friend bringing here in this company . She told me the export department was to recruit an assistant . I felt very excited at this news . That's why I'm here .
contra-0324	hi , Lander . What's wrong ?	I can hardly make ends meet these days .	same here . I have't brought any new clothes for three months .	my income remains the same but prices just continue to rise .	true . The news says that there is a general increase in the price of daily necessities .	definitely . I have to spend 300 yuan more on food every month .	the biggest price jump is for pork , so most people have to turn to chicken .	is that inflation ?	inflation is more than just the rising tolls , I guess . But the central bank is warning about the risk of inflation .
contra-0325	What do you need today ?	I need to take a few classes .	What kind of classes would you like to take ?	How about a driver's course ?	Okay , you're going to need to make an appointment .	I don't understand why I need to make an appointment .	You need to make one to come down and fill out your paperwork .	I'd wish to make one now if I could .
contra-0326	The Great Wall is a great attraction for visitors .	It's a man-made wonder . I've seen it many times in textbooks and it's part of my dream to visit it .	Someone claimed it was one of the two world-made wonders that could be seen on the moon .
contra-0327	Honey , I ’ ll be right back !	Where are you going ?	I told you already ! I ’ m going to get my nails done .	Again ? You just went last week ! You spend more time at the nail salon than you do here at home ! Honestly , why do you need a manicure every week ?	Well , first of all , I like to pamper myself , and my nails look great . You should come with me !	Why ? I don ’ t want to have nail polish or anything like that !	They don ’ t only paint my nails ! The manicurist will remove my cuticles , file my nails , and apply at least nails coats of nail refinement !
contra-0328	What do you need today ?	I need to take a few classes .	What kind of classes would you like to take ?	How about a driver's course ?	Okay , you're going to need to make an appointment .	I don't understand why I require to make an appointment .
contra-0329	Are you free tomorrow night ?	Yes , I am .	Shall we have dinner together ?	Do you have a special restaurant in mind ?	yes , I do . I know a place that has excellent food .
contra-0330	How do you arrange this summer vacation ?	I want to travel .	Where would you like to go ?	The seaside .	That's really a good idea . Taking a walk on the beach and lying in the sun are pretty good . I recommend you Qingdao or Dalian .	I ’ Ve been to Qingdao before , so I ’ ll choose Dalian . I've heard that the environment there is very well .
contra-0331	Good afternoon !	just afternoon ! Sit down , please.How are you ?
contra-0332	It's too hot to read .	We'd better go out for a walk .	Which season do you like best ?	Spring .	How about summer ?	I dislike it most .	Why ?	Because the hottest season is summer in a year .	But sometimes summertime is more charming than the other seasons .
contra-0333	Hello , Bessie .	hullo , Jack.Happy birthday !
contra-0334	Could you please tell me how I can go job-hunting in the web ?	Generally speaking , job seekers can enter the websites either of job agencies or of some units for task advertisements .
contra-0335	Hello , Miao Li , Where are you going ?	Hello , I am going to the store to buy some fruit .	Oh , Would you do me a favor ?	Yes ?	Please mail this letter for me on your way to the store .	Sure . Do you want it to be registered ?	Yes , I think so . There are some pictures in it . It would be a great pity if they were lost .	Yes , I will be glad to mail your missive .
contra-0336	Hey Jimmy . Let's go workout later today .	Sure . What time do you want to go ?	How about at 3:30 ?	That sounds good . Today we work on Legs and forearm .	Hey . I just played basketball earlier , so my legs are a little sore . Let's run out on arms and stomach today .
contra-0337	what did you do last night ?	I just stayed at home and watched TV .	did you watch the Barcelona versus Madrid game ?	yes , it was a very evenly matched game .	what were the results of the game ?	it ended in a tie .	what was the actual score ?	it was three all .	really ? I thought Barcelona was going to win . They are a much better team than Madrid .	if Barcelona had played as they normally do , they should have won .	what happened ?	their goalkeepers got injured after the first goal , but he kept on playing anyway .	that explains it .	how many more games are left this season ?	that was the last game before the playoffs .	when do the playoffs start ?	in a few weeks . Are you planning on watching them ?	of course ! I really love watching football games on TV .
contra-0338	Hello.this is Susan .	Hello , I ’ m Mark . I ’ m just wondering if you are free this weekend	Yes , I think So .	Good . I was thinking that I ’ d like to invite you to watch a movie . I can meet you at the cinema gate .	What ’ s the time ?	Six thirty , tonight .	Oh , I ’ m sorry I can ’ t because I have to do some housework.You can ask Jenny to go with you	All right.Maybe next time I can go with you.Bye !	well bye !
contra-0339	Hey , taxi .	Where to , sir ?	Beijing Library .	Hop in , please .	Is it a long ride to Beijing Library ?	It will take about thirty minutes because it is the rush hour .	Thirty minutes , that will be all right . There are still fifty minutes to go before the library is open . Look , what are they doing on the square ?
contra-0340	I need to stop eating such unhealthy foods .	I know what you mean . I've started eating better myself .	What foods do you eat now ?	I tend to stick to fruits , vegetables , and chicken .	Those are the only things you eat ?	That's basically what I eat .	Why aren't you eating anything else ?	Well , fruits and vegetables are very healthy .	And the crybaby ?
contra-0341	How do you arrange this summer vacation ?	I want to travel .	Where would you like to go ?	The seaside .	That's really a good idea . Taking a walk on the beach and lying in the sun are pretty good . I recommend you Qingdao or Dalian .	I ’ Ve been to Qingdao before , so I ’ ll choose Dalian . I've heard that the environment there is very good .	Yes , that's a right place to spend a holiday . Last year I went there . It's really .
contra-0342	hello . how are you doing today ?	i am good , just got home .	hello . how are you doing today ?	i am just , just got home .
contra-0343	hello ! good evening . how are you doing ?	doing well thanks . just got home from the synagogue .	hello ! good evening . how are you doing ?	doing well thanks . just got home from the synagogue .	what does synagogue means ? it is my first time i hear this word .	it is a jewish church . it is in manhattan .	seems you are religious person .	i love my jewish heritage .	can you speak jewish language ?	no yiddish is too difficult .	how many languages can you speak ?	the only terminology i speak is english
contra-0344	hi , want to be friends ?	sure , i am named lucy .	hi , want to be friends ?	sure , i am named lucy .	hi Lucy . i am tammi . do you like pizza ?
contra-0345	hello . i like the outdoors , particularly the arctic .	i actually live in oklahoma and love the outside too .
contra-0346	hi how are you today	not bad just got done playing second life	hi how are you today	not bad just got done playing second life	very good do you have any cats ?	yes , i a also a furry	that is no good i am allergic	oh , i understand . i have some allergies too	do you wake up early ?	not really , i stay up late online	did you go to public school ?	not anymore because i am 28	OH i was homeschooled it was odd
contra-0347	hey do you like classical music ? i love bach	bach is quite lovely . i enjoy listening to it with my friends here in the sea !	hey do you like classical music ? i love bach	bach is quite lovely . i enjoy listening to it with my friends here in the sea !	are you a mermaid ? i did not know they spoke english like me	why yes , we do speak english mostly . are there mermaids where you live ?	no , but i am trying to design a device to find them . i happen to be an engineer	i am just a student but i have heard some talk of engineers in our books	wow ! hey quick question do they have insects in the sea ?	we have alot of gross worms in the ocean and pests that should be considered insects
contra-0348	hi ! what are you up to ? i am listening to some rap while studying	hi , i am lucy . just getting ready for another day at the office	hi ! what are you up to ? i am listening to some rap while studying	hi , i am lucy . just getting ready for another day at the office	what do you do at the office ? i am studying to be a teacher	i am a secretary . that is neat , what subject do you want to teach	i want to teach kindergarten . i am 22 and have lots of energy	kindergarten would be fun ! do you play any sports	i bet soccer , lacrosse and softball . anything active
contra-0349	what are you up to today ?	i am so tired ! i have to work a double !	what are you up to today ?	i am so tired ! i have to process a double !
contra-0350	hi ! would you teach me how to draw ?	i would if i had time . i am too busy riding horses . i love it .	hi ! would you teach me how to draw ?	i would if i had time . i am too busy riding horses . i love it .	oh , i love horses ! i love nature and hiking and stuff like that .	me too ! although my left leg hurts every day because of all the activities i do .	what did you have for supper ? i had fried ants .	those would get all in my beard . i love having hair on my face .	i will eat anything at least 1 time . i should try to find an ant sticker .	definitely ! hopefully i can retire soon and try different foods .	i have a lot of strange stickers . i collect them !	that is cool . do you keep things to yourself ? i do instead of speaking my mind .	good luck on the retirement ! nope , i speak up !	thank you ! life will be so awesome after retirement !	you can do a lot more sports and hiking then !	oh , definitely ! i can enjoy life to the fullest !	and maybe you could teach me to draw then !	hey , perhaps ! i would definitely have more free time then .
contra-0351	hey there how are you ? what are you doing ?	i am good . just hanging out with my dog max . what are you up to ?	hey there how are you ? what are you doing ?	i am good . just hanging out with my dog max . what are you up to ?	not much dreaming of how successful i can become on here with focus	i struggle with focus . i am always daydreaming about travel and different adventures	i wish my parents had more then me but oh well	we always want the opposite . i moved in with my girlfriend to get away	well i am also still in school	me too . i am a full time student at bacon university .	so are you okay there	i love it . i am taking a class on the history of oreos	lol how is that going for you ?	its a lot better than the class i took on about chips ahoy	lol you sound hungry lol	its a culinary school . but i am always athirst . whats your favourite food ?
contra-0352	hello , how are you today	i am great ! just walked my dog , charlie . how about you ?	hello , how are you today	i am great ! just walked my dog , charlie . how about you ?	i am petting my one and only cat . where are you from	my family and i are from australia . where are you from ?	that is different , i live in seattle and have two roommates	what do you do in seattle ? i have never been .	i am a waitress , i can barely afford to live	that is not good ! i do stock broking . good money , boring job .	oh wow , yes that is a lot of money . i should have majored in finance .	what would you like to do ?	i do not know , maybe that is the problem	well , what do you enjoy doing ?	really i just love my cat , and chatting online
contra-0353	hey hows your day going sir	hehe , i am actually a miss . it is going well , what about yourself ?	hey hows your day going sir	hehe , i am actually a miss . it is going well , what about yourself ?	oops sorry miss haha . i am doing good . feeding my 3 dogs	what are their names ? i do not have any pets , my two boys are enough !	haha kids . . am i right ?	oh you are . luckily my job is mostly paperwork . . . what do you do for a living ?	oh that sounds nice . i work at a salon . . hairstylist .	maybe you could do my hair sometime !	haha sure . except on sundays . that is when i watch football	that is okay , i spend my weekends hiking , usually .	oh that sounds fun . i am about to order pizza . want some ?	i would love some ! but make it two . . . for each boy !	haha i order 3 large cheese pizzas for me and my doggies	i may only be an accountant but . . . pretty trusted dogs should not eat pizza
contra-0354	hi how are you ? my left leg is in pain daily .	ouch , why is it painful ?	hi how are you ? my left leg is in pain daily .	ouch , why is it painful ?	old age ! i hope i can retire soon ! do you also ?	ah , what do you do for work ?	i love riding horses ! when leg is better i will do so ! do you like horses ?	i do , but i prefer carpentry projects or family time	i love horses and facial hair ! do you similar mustaches ?
contra-0355	hey there how is it going	hi . not too bad . how about you	hey there how is it going	hi . not too bad . how about you	i am having a great day	glad to hear it . do you like dogs ?	i prefer horses over dogs	yeah dogs scare me . i prefer horses too	i fell off my horse now i my left leg hurts me	hope youre okay . i just turned 32 and am still single . that hurts too haha	i never shave my facial hair	to each their own . i love to read . do you ?	i like romance movies and books	Romance ones are my favorite too !
contra-0356	i love riding horses in this weather . do you have any fun hobbies ?	i enjoy barbecue , and weight lifting .	i love riding horses in this weather . do you have any fun hobbies ?	i enjoy barbecue , and weight lifting .	i used to do some weight lifting before i injured my leg .	i am very tall , it is the only thing i can comfortably do .	i injured it in college and again last year falling off a horse .	i have never ridden a horse , is it difficult ?	now i am old and it hurts every day . i have to keep it propped up	i drive a forklift and i have to prop mine up as well .	its easy to ride . i love riding them as long as i do not fall off again .	what else do you do for fun ?	i used to drive a forklift and they made me shave my face everyday	they do not make me do that .	i plan my retirement for fun . i hope to be able to retire soon	i do too , i want to travel .	i hated shaving because i love my facial hair . i want a long beard	i have a long one , i need to trim soon though .
contra-0357	hi ! would you teach me how to draw ?	i would if i had time . i am too busy riding horses . i love it .	hi ! would you teach me how to draw ?	i would if i had time . i am too busy riding horses . i love it .	oh , i love horses ! i love nature and hiking and stuff like that .	me too ! although my left leg hurts every day because of all the activities i do .	what did you have for supper ? i had fried ants .	those would get all in my beard . i love having hair on my face .	i will eat anything at least 1 time . i should try to find an ant sticker .	definitely ! hopefully i can retire soon and try different foods .	i have a lot of strange stickers . i collect them !	that is cool . do you keep things to yourself ? i do instead of speaking my mind .	good luck on the retirement ! nope , i speak up !	thank you ! life will be so awesome after retirement !	you can do a lot more sports and hiking then !	OH , definitely ! i can enjoy life to the fullest !
contra-0358	hey there how are you ? what are you doing ?	i am good . just hanging out with my dog max . what are you up to ?	hey there how are you ? what are you doing ?	i am good . just hanging out with my dog max . what are you up to ?	not much dreaming of how successful i can become on here with focus	i struggle with focus . i am always daydreaming about travel and different adventures	i wish my parents had more then me but oh well	we always want the opposite . i moved in with my girlfriend to get away	well i am also still in school	me too . i am a full time student at bacon university .	so are you okay there	i love it . i am taking a class on the history of oreos	lol how is that going for you ?	its a lot better than the class i took on about chips ahoy	lol you sound hungry lol	its a culinary school . but i am always athirst . whats your favourite food ?
contra-0359	have you ever seen the sun rise in a small town ?	almost every day of my life , i was born , raised and still live in one .	have you ever seen the sun rise in a small town ?	almost every day of my life , i was born , raised and still live in one .	no kidding me too ! my only complaint is the local schools .	i hear ya ! mine was horrid , thankfully i am in college for web design and coding now .	that is fantastic maybe you could help give me some pointers i am homeschooling my kids .	that has to be a rough job . python for kids is awesome .
contra-0360	hello how are you doing	pretty good . how are you ?	hello how are you doing	pretty good . how are you ?	i am making dinner getting ready for bed	i just got off work .	i am looking for something different to do	i am looking for another job myself .
contra-0361	hi , i knit , my father died in the military . i am not looking to make new friends .	good . i just got back from playing racquetball . gonna put on some oldies .	hi , i knit , my father died in the military . i am not looking to make new friends .	good . i just got back from playing racquetball . gonna put on some oldies .	merna jean is my best friend . we are children of immigrants . you ?	born here . gonna retire in 5 years if i can .	great ! i used to play tennis before i became a baby boomer .	i spend my spare time trying out barbeque restaurants .	get out ! i man the bbq smoker in our home ! you a military person ?	i did six years in the navy .	thank you for serving sir ! i married a military but he died .	i am sorry to hear that . how did he die ?	do not be sorry . he had a stroke during sex . however , it was not with me . so . . .	ah . unfortunate . i am sorry to hear that .	why are you sorry for a cheating dead man ? who was his death inauspicious for ?
contra-0362	i do not see the point in a drivers license in ny	oh really are you from there ?	i do not see the point in a drivers license in ny	oh really are you from there ?	i live there now , currently watching the office	that is amazing , i spend my time working out and listening to rap . how about you ?	at church reading the torah	that sounds nice . do you have any family ?	yes in fact i do , but t they hide the sweets from me	that must be rough , i have a brother and a father	gracious ! do you go to church with them ?
contra-0363	how are you today ? i am doing great myself	i am great ! it is hot here in south carolina today .	how are you today ? i am doing great myself	i am great ! it is hot here in south Carolina today .
contra-0364	hi , do you go to school ?	no , not anymore . i barely have time for that , with the family !	hi , do you go to school ?	no , not anymore . i barely have time for that , with the family !	i have a sister . so i know how that is . how many kids ?	i have 3 children , and 2 kitties , that think they are my children as well !	lol it is just my sister , me , and my parents	do you like to cook ? i make homemade gourmet cat food , and people food , too !	nah . my mom does all the cooking .	i love cooking ! and , i am pretty good at it , too ! that explains the extra pounds !	are you tall ? i am so short	if i was taller , i might feel better about my body . what do you do ?	i am in school still deciding	it is good to take your time to decide . what do you study ?	i am taking some music education classes	i love playing euphony with the kiddies and the kitties !
contra-0365	good morning ? do you have any jobs	good afternoon from pennsylvania . i am currently a medical scribe preparing to apply to medical school .	good morning ? do you have any jobs	good afternoon from pennsylvania . i am currently a medical scribe preparing to apply to medical school .	oh , i thought you had an idea of a vacancy any were	where are you currently from ?	am from the state of ohio	do you like it there ?	the place where i stay is fine but the issue is i need a job	what types of jobs are you looking for ? what education or skills can you offer ?
contra-0366	hi , have any plans for this sunday ?	i do i plan to skip school	hi , have any plans for this sunday ?	i do i plan to skip school	do you want to come watch football with me ?	i would love to , do they have any fashion shows on as well	only football . we can eat cheese pizza though .	that is awesome i would love to do that	i could do your hair during commercials .	i love makeovers you are now my best friend	i have some puppies also	i love puppies the only thing i have is a volkswagen beetle	that is so classy	it is alright not as cool as puppies but it just gets me around	we could take your bug and the puppies and go get pizza
contra-0367	hi want to get to know each other	lets do it lets go	hi want to get to know each other	lets do it lets go	i like to sing , do you ?	i do even tho i can not at all	folk songs are my favorite . what do you do for a living ?	sew an i use to be a banker	you tailor too ? i sew
contra-0368	hey how are you doing today ?	hi there i am great how are you doing ?	hey how are you doing today ?	hi there i am great how are you doing ?	great , what do you like to do for fun ?	right now i am in the military to help me route my anger .	is that a good way to route your anger ?	i would wish killing me those who wanna bring harm to my nation
contra-0369	hello i am a real estate agent in canada where are you ?	hi there i teach biology college	hello i am a real estate agent in canada where are you ?	hi there i teach biology college	i work part time and care for my two children in kindergarten	that i am sure keeps you busy . do you get to travel ?	i only travel for environmentalist events	i see that is a noble cause i love traveling	i wish i had more time for locomotion but work has kept me busy last 12 years
contra-0370	hi , i am an rn and my dog is pedro .	hi i blog about rabbit rescues and compete as a body builder .	hi , i am an rn and my dog is pedro .	hi i blog about rabbit rescues and compete as a body builder .	you have any pets ? i can make , cook and eat muffins all day . you sing ?	no cooking i live with my little sister , also i do not babble but love tim mcgraw .
contra-0371	can you tell me about yourself ?	hi , i can tell you lots what do you want to know	can you tell me about yourself ?	hi , i can tell you lots what do you want to know	what do you do for work ?	well , for now i work at burger king , hoping to be a mgr soon !	oh how interesting ! i work in the it field .	like computers ? my friend works with computers , i let her set mine up	yes . it is short for internet technician .	i figured i am more of a people person , not book smart	oh what a shame i live to read ! i could get lost in books	my favorite thing is running	i enjoy a good jog every morning after breakfast .	i am actually getting ready for my first marathon so nervous !	i was watching the news and my city is hosting a marathon .	when i am running i feel so free from my problems .	i understand . when i go for a run it really clears my head .	i live in a bad neighborhood . . . i race to a better one lol prettier scenery
contra-0372	hey how are you ?	i just got home from a nice nature hike . do you like the outdoors ?	hey how are you ?	i just got home from a nice nature hike . do you like the outdoors ?	yes i love the outdoors since i am usually stuck inside for work	hiking gives me inspiration for my drawing class . do you like art ?	i like music my favorite is rush , music is like art right ?	yes ! what kind of work do you do indoors ?	i sell space in data centers so i do not have any windows	i would put wierd stickers all over the walls ! do you have any hobbies ?	i like to go to different music concerts , what about you ?	i collect stickers , i try all kinds of strange food . can you recommend any strange food ?	i been eating cow tongue lately it is yummy	i have never tried that , but my wife would hate it . are you married ?	no i am not found a new girl at a wedding last week	i met my wife at a wedding !	very cool how long have you guys been married ?
contra-0373	hello good evening . how are you doing ?	i am doing pretty good . how about yourself ?	hello good evening . how are you doing ?	i am doing pretty good . how about yourself ?	i am doing good . how old are you ?	that is good . i am 20 years old . how about you ?	i am 24 years old . getting old lol	nah . not at all . lol . i wish i were older some days .	i wish i was xx years old good ages .
contra-0374	hello , how are you ? hold old are you ? i am 34 .	oh hey , i am a 5 foot , 35 year previous woman who has a dog , pedro .
contra-0375	how are you tonight ? did you go to college ?	i am good . i prefer artistic endeavors to scholarly ones . you ?	how are you tonight ? did you go to college ?	i am good . i prefer artistic endeavors to scholarly ones . you ?	well , my job is stagnant so i am considering school . what do you do ?	i earn a paycheck at a research facility cleaning cages . what would you study ?	i was thinking about nursing , the golden arches does not pay well .	i understand . luckily i decided to create my art from trash so it is free !	that sounds so exciting . my aunt was an artist , she painted when i was growing up .	cool ! what do you like to do in your free time ?	i go visit the animals on my aunt and uncles farm , i grew up there , you ?	that sounds fun . i spend my free time on art .	i wish i was esthetic , i can barely draw stick figures . you sound interesting .
contra-0376	hey how are you doing today	hey i am doing great today	hey how are you doing today	hey i am doing great today	i want you to know that right after high school i want to dona	i am sorry but i do not understand what you mean	i meant i enlisted to the army	oo i enlisted when i was still in high school	no call my stuff my mom isn t really part of my world	oo , so you have to wait until youre 18	no call outline i am and boggs i don t like them	i wish cold weather and the snow
contra-0377	good evening , what is new with you ?	not much . i went to an amusement park today , you ?	good evening , what is new with you ?	not much . i went to an amusement park today , you ?	that sounds fun ! i got a new book about europe , i would love to travel there .	i would love that too . i have never even left maryland	i dream of walking through europe one day .	i want to ride every roller coaster in america	that would be awesome ! i would do that .	i just have to wait to be old enough . i am only 12	oh , i did not realize ! do you have a favorite food ? i like italian .	i like pizza . that is italian , right ?	i would say so but it originated in china i believe .	weird . well there is a good icecream shop by my tae kwan do class	i love ice cream ! do you have pets ?	no . but maybe one daylight .
contra-0378	how are you tonight ? did you go to college ?	i am good . i prefer artistic endeavors to scholarly ones . you ?	how are you tonight ? did you go to college ?	i am good . i prefer artistic endeavors to scholarly ones . you ?	well , my job is stagnant so i am considering school . what do you do ?	i earn a paycheck at a research facility cleaning cages . what would you study ?	i was thinking about nursing , the golden arches does not pay well .	i understand . luckily i decided to create my art from trash so it is free !	that sounds so exciting . my aunt was an artist , she painted when i was growing up .	cool ! what do you like to do in your free time ?	i go visit the animals on my aunt and uncles farm , i grew up there , you ?	that vocalizes fun . i spend my free time on art .
contra-0379	hi there , i just became a dad to a golden retriever ! d	congratulations ! single mom of 2 boys here . how are you ?	hi there , i just became a dad to a golden retriever ! d	congratulations ! single mom of 2 boys here . how are you ?	i am great ! i just watched titanic again , for the 10th time !	great movie . i do not have a lot of free time these days .	that sucks . i just studied model cars in my year abroad . . . its my hobby	that sounds interesting . i collect decorations from the 50s . do you like cars from that era ?	i do , but mostly i like ginger , my retriever now . tell me more about you	i am going to school to be a hairdresser . i really like it .	i cannot imagine doing that , i mostly just play with cars and watch titanic	and have a wonderful new pal in ginger ! i just have exotic fish .	fishes are cool too . i just wish they did more than swim and eat !	sometimes , i do , too , but the boys are enough like animals sometimes .	vicious i imagine , but not quite like peppiness with her new toys haha
contra-0380	hello . may i ask where you are from ?	hi , i am from the south , what about you ?	hello . may i ask where you are from ?	hi , i am from the south , what about you ?	i am originally from puerto rico , but i am staying in south korea now .	i have a mother and five sisters , how about you ?	i have 2 brothers . i am the oldest . where in the south ?	you never heard of south carolina	i have . i was briefly stationed at fort jackson .	o yes that in columbia i live a bout 80 miles	i did not know where in the south you meant originally . i apologize .	that ok , i really under that	thank you . from your five sisters , where are you in age ?	i am number two next to brothers also	did you enjoy being in a big family ?	yes , it a lots of fun , what music do you like .	rock and roll , of course , and a little bit of folk . how about you ?	i like mix a trivial of each
contra-0381	do you like to listen to music very much ?	i do . i listen to music at work i have a career in it .	do you like to listen to music very much ?	i do . i listen to music at work i have a career in it .	oh great ! my pediatric office loves to listen to jazz during work	i usually put jazz on in the background while i read i read a ton .	reading is something i love just as much as i do running !	i would love to run more , but i have a bad knee .	you sound like my wife complaining about our two kids	i am not sure how a bad knee compares to kids . do you keep up with news ?	wife chases the kids around the house while i am in the garage with my vintage cars	nice . i love old muscle cars . i spend my evenings watching news on tv .	i do not have time for news , being a pediatrician is a busy job	i think it is important to stay informed . i am very passionate about politics .	i read a lot because i love it but not much on governments , just vintage cars mainly
contra-0382	hello , how are you today ?	doing great thanks ! how are you ? are you working ?	hello , how are you today ?	doing great thanks ! how are you ? are you working ?	i am well , just got off work actually !	yeah ! what do you do ? i work fast food for now .	i work as a nurse . the hours can be crazy at times , but i like it .	a nurse ? super impressive . i did not finish high school but hope to go back one day .	thank you , i love it ! you said you work fast nutrient right now ?
contra-0383	hi , do you have any stickers i can have ?	no stickers . . but i have candy ! i always have candy	hi , do you have any stickers i can have ?	no stickers . . but i have candy ! i always have candy	i will try whatever candy you have	i love candy ! ! ! it is the best ! and brownies .	i am a health nut . i hike on the regular .	i take my obedience dogs hiking ! i have mountains behind my new house .	we could hike and eat candy and brownies .	sorry ! was taking pictures of myself in my new club dress ! yes ! ! lets do it .	can i draw you ? i am trying to learn	only if i can hang it in my obedience school !	of course , whatever you want .	awesome ! we can be best friends . what else do you like to do ?	reading poetry , and stickers .	i love verse too ! i will buy you stickers ! !
contra-0384	hi , i live in wine country , wrote a book at home , 17 with blue hair . you ?	i am a divorced mom with two kids and my job is an accountant .	hi , i live in wine country , wrote a book at home , 17 with blue hair . you ?	i am a divorced mom with two kids and my job is an accountant .	great ! you play with your children ? i do . california has the best sun .	here in ohio , i take the kids hiking on the weekends .	wow ! i am a writer who was homeschooled . my Word release is december .
contra-0385	hello , what animals do you have ? i have a couple of horses , 2	just 1 little maltese so easy to deal with over people	hello , what animals do you have ? i have a couple of horses , 2	just 1 little maltese so easy to deal with over people	do you live in a large or small city ? i am in large	i live in a big metropolis i work for the shelter for animals as a cleaner
contra-0386	hello , how are you today ?	i am good , how are you ?	hello , how are you today ?	i am good , how are you ?	i am good too . i have a dream to be a fashion designer	that sounds awesome ! are you working anywhere now ? are you in college ?	i am still in college . single since my friend to my boyfriend in high school	cool ! i am retired from the banking business . do you have any hobbies ?	yes i have a few hobbies like skateboarding , snowboarding , flying my drone	wow ! i like to make quilts for my relatives in my free time .	are you married , i want kids but its just not the metre
contra-0387	hi how are you today	hello ! i am fine . i am listening music .	hi how are you today	hello ! i am fine . i am listening music .	and how are you today ?	i am pretty fine . what about you ?	i am good are you tall ?	i am just 5 . 2 i am not tall lol you ?	i am only 5 feet you win	i do not like tall people at all .	me either . do you work	i am looking for a job do you work ?	i bring in healthcare it is hard
contra-0388	hi there how are you today ?	hello , i am furious ! did you see what trump has done now ?	hi there how are you today ?	hello , i am furious ! did you see what trump has done now ?	no i have not what now ? i am a homemaker so i usually do not see tv	oh , ok . you are very lucky . are you a democrat ?	somewhat not strongly but i guess so	do you have any kids or dogs ?	2 a boy and a girl and 1 dog a colie	aw . i have a husky and a springer spaniel	so no Kids for you ? plan on getting married in the future
contra-0389	hi , want to be friends ?	sure , i am named lucy .	hi , want to be friends ?	sure , i am named lucy .	hi Lucy . i am tammi . do you like pizza ?
contra-0390	hey i am brianna hows it going	hi i am fine let us get to know each other some .	hey i am brianna hows it going	hi i am fine let us get to know each other some .	okay well i work in healthcare what about you	brianna is a beautiful name i work as a nurses aid with older people .	thank you , i acknowledge that is not a easy job to deal with
contra-0391	hi . how are you ? my name is joanna	i am doing well . my name is rachel . yourself ?	hi . how are you ? my name is joanna	i am doing well . my name is rachel . yourself ?	where did you go to college ?	i am still attending at cypress . i binge eat a lot because of this .	i have a degree in psychology from usc , but i am a professional singer	oh damn . tha a t is awesome ! i wish i could do that for a living .	where are you from ? i am from south carolina . i love the south !	california ! in my spare time all i get to do is read novels of the supernatural .	watching horror films is my favorite !	n o o way ! my siblings love to watch horror as well .	i love watching horror films	my six older sisters love to watch horror and eat a pizza .	actually my real favorite is paranormal shows	my youngest brother enjoys more of my genre the extrasensory as well .
contra-0392	hello , how are you tonight ?	i m doing ok how are you	hello , how are you tonight ?	i m doing ok how are you	very well , thank you . watching one tree hill	how do you like that so	it is my favorite . what is yours ?	i am not really into tv by i am more on animal	i am a nurse at a kids hospital , some of my patients watch animal planet .	no pictures of my parents both of them and relieve nearby in the mountains	that is interesting . i am a beach person .	i don t really know how to swim because of it but my cats and dogs	i am not comfortable in the mountains .	does the train go visit my three cats and dogs that are too	interesting , i am a catholic , do you practice ?	not really that how do you exercise it
contra-0393	hi how are you doing today it s kind of busy for me today	same here i went for a hike today and read poetry at the library	hi how are you doing today it s kind of busy for me today	same here i went for a hike today and read poetry at the library	that s why my legs hurt left because of writing horses	ouch does your but hurt also ?	i really just my legs i just keep things inside my mind	o ok well i rather try new food then ride a horse	facetime him just like i love well i m at financing	i do want to learn something new like drawing	do you wish throwing up my trailer something
contra-0394	hi there . i am lucy . what is your name ?	my name is jason . how are you ?	hi there . i am lucy . what is your name ?	my name is jason . how are you ?	i am doing well . i just got off work i am a secretary at my office .	oh i see . i am a single female , 32 , i do the same job .	i am single too . i graduated college a year ago . i played soccer there .	what position ? i played soccer in high school , i want to cook for a living	i was a goalie . they were strict about our diet . it sucked because i love candy .	ah . i like candy too . a lot .	that is why i know halloween so much .
contra-0395	hello . i am studying for a biology exam . what are you doing ?	i am doing research for a new book	hello . i am studying for a biology exam . what are you doing ?	i am doing research for a new book	cool . are you a writer ?	yes , i write fiction about aliens , ghosts , invisibility , whatever idea catches my fancy	i want to write a Word after i finish university .
contra-0396	hey , do you have any pets	yes i have a hunting dog .	hey , do you have any pets	yes i have a hunting dog .	i have a lot of pets .	oh nice what do you do ?	i mainly just sit and look at mountains ,	ok i can sell you a house on a mountain .	i would like that . for how much ?	depends if you want a remote location with no neighbors or some neighbors .	none . i just want my animal	it be about a million for your house on a mountain	none . i just require my animal
contra-0397	hello how are you today	i am well how are you	hello how are you today	i am well how are you	i am doing great . its dreary so i am watching tv .	its nice here i am on the porch cross stitching	that sounds very relaxing . is it sunny ?	yes quite beautiful today . i love doing my crafts outside	what other crafts do you like	i enjoy quilting	that sounds decent . do you go to craft shows ?
contra-0398	hello , how are you this evening ?	great just working at pet smart	hello , how are you this evening ?	great just working at pet smart	i do not have any pets , all of that hair would get all over my quilts .	when i get off i am going to go running and listen to nirvana the greatest band ever	i like nirvana . are you in the military ?	then i might do some musician work on the guitar	my father was in the korean war , we are a patriotic family .	what did your father do mine was a police officer	mine was an policeman in the military . my husband is an officer .
contra-0399	hey , i am here with my dogs , timbo and bananas	i love dogs ! we have a lot of them on my horse ranch .	hey , i am here with my dogs , timbo and bananas	i love dogs ! we have a lot of them on my horse ranch .	that is awesome ! what do you do with your horses ?	i train horses for a living . what do you do ?	i play frisbee competitively and it is so much fun	that is great ! i exercise every day to stay healthy and eat from my garden	yes . it is so important to state healthy so your dogs always have you	when i am on the ranch working i listen to john denver on my ipod	west virginia . take me home .	i love riding horses in West virginia
contra-0400	hello how is your day going	i am good getting my kids ready for school	hello how is your day going	i am good getting my kids ready for school	i dropped mine off earlier , how old are yours	5 and 7 its a great age	yes that is true , past the terrible twos	that is for sure what do you like to do for fun	i love to hike ! what do you wish to do
contra-0401	hi , want to get to know each other	ure . what is your name ? and what do you do for a living ?	hi , want to get to know each other	ure . what is your name ? and what do you do for a living ?	my name is tammi . but i do not work	oh okay . well , what do you like to do for fun ?	i like music a lot . especially country	awesome ! i am into music , too . it is my job !	so do you know anyone famous ?	quite a few people , actually . i am sort of celebrated myself .
contra-0402	hey , are you a student , i traveled a lot , i even studied abroad	no , i work full time at a nursing home . i am a nurses aide .	hey , are you a student , i traveled a lot , i even studied abroad	no , i work full time at a nursing home . i am a nurses aide .	nice , i just got a advertising job myself . do you like your job ?	nice . yes i do . caring for people is the joy of my life .	nice my best friend is a nurse , i knew him since kindergarten	very cool . do you have pets ?	no i do not , do you ?	yes . two dogs and a cat . they are my babies .	dainty , where do you live ? i resign in north dakota
contra-0403	how are things going with you ?	hard day on the job today . and you ?	how are things going with you ?	hard day on the job today . and you ?	just got in from the karaoke bar . it was necessary to de stress .	that is a good way to de stress . i usually just grade papers	are you sure you aren t taking it out on the students when you do that ?	hard to be bias when grading multiple choice with a definitive answer	true . what are you teaching these days ?	i teach a kindergarten class in seattle	that must be fun , but also a lot .	it is difficult but it is my passion . passion has trouble paying the bills though	wish , i could help . the struggle is real , and as a vet i live it too .	you are a vet ? i think my cat is getting sick .	not that vet . that s one job i wouldn , t be able to do .	oh you are a veteran ?	i m also not friends with dogs . though i like cats . dogs just make me sick .	are you allergic to dogs ?
contra-0404	hey do you like classical music ? i love bach	bach is quite lovely . i enjoy listening to it with my friends here in the sea !	hey do you like classical music ? i love bach	bach is quite lovely . i enjoy listening to it with my friends here in the sea !	are you a mermaid ? i did not know they spoke english like me	why yes , we do speak english mostly . are there mermaids where you live ?	no , but i am trying to design a device to find them . i happen to be an engineer	i am just a student but i have heard some talk of engineers in our books	wow ! hey quick question do they have insects in the sea ?	we have alot of gross worms in the sea and pests that should be considered worms
contra-0405	hello , how are you ? did you eat your bacon this morning ?	no ! i am a jew ! i assume you like bacon ?	hello , how are you ? did you eat your bacon this morning ?	no ! i am a jew ! i assume you like bacon ?	i like meat . steaks are cool too . you can have one of those	yeah , that is fine . i prefer savoury foods to sweet anyway . do you like music ?	i do . i have a killer stereo in my raptor . do you like to hike and camp ?	i would , but i live in new york so do not drive , which is difficult	that would be unmanageable . what about central park ?
contra-0406	hello , how are you tonight ?	terrible , my father was just imprisoned for being a corrupt police officer .	hello , how are you tonight ?	terrible , my father was just imprisoned for being a corrupt police officer .	oh , that is horrible . my mother is a therapist maybe you should talk to her .	my only therapy i need is to run more . i am getting ready for a 10k	i like to work as well , when i am not building model spaceships .
contra-0407	hello , how are you doing ?	hello , i am doing great . how are you doing ?	hello , how are you doing ?	hello , i am doing great . how are you doing ?	pretty good , i am playing call of duty .	do you like running games ?
contra-0408	hey there how are you now ?	not bad . . having a scotch and soda , watching a movie . you ?	hey there how are you now ?	not bad . . having a scotch and soda , watching a movie . you ?	trying to shop online what kind of scotch ?	just dewar tonight . trying to relax before work . what are you shopping ofr ?	i am christmas shopping for nurse outfits	oh ? for yourself or someone else ?	me , just finished nursing school .	wow congrats ! i worked at a carny through college	thanks , i appreciate my sisters support we tight	i love my sister . but her dog terrifies me .	what kind does she have ? you single ?	she has a mean terrier ! and maybe .	lol what kind ? that can be a lot of dogs	the dog is a wire haired terrier and he is terrifying ! most franks scare me .
contra-0409	hey whats up ? i just got home from the gym .	right now i am attending school . i like msic .	hey whats up ? i just got home from the gym .	right now i am attending school . i like msic .	awesome bro . i quite school to work and earn money .	my family consists of 4 , myself , one sibling , and 2 parents .	i hate families . i prefer to be alone .	i am short at 5 ft tall . how about you ?	i am 5 foot and 6 in tall . i weigh 220 pounds and its all muscle .
contra-0410	hey , do you want to see a photo of my fur babies ?	are they horses ? i love horses .	hey , do you want to see a photo of my fur babies ?	are they horses ? i love horses .	nah , doggies and kitties . how about some photos of my grandbabies ?	that would be great , how many do you have ?	i have six . they are all old now . they give me money though .	that is wonderful , what do you like to do in your spare time ?	i ride my bike a lot , when i am not working .	i like to put on so sometime john denver and workout myself .
contra-0411	hi how are you today	hi i am fine and you how are you doing ?	hi how are you today	hi i am fine and you how are you doing ?	i am good what do you eat	i love pasta and i like to run also read too	i never exercise teach me	i wished i could i like vintage cars they are great	do you ever eat ice cream ?	yes i am eating vanilla now i was married and had three children .	that is nice do you watch movies	my favorite is listening to love songs and jazz , yes like movies .
contra-0412	hi , do you know how to sew or nit ? i enjoy making my clothing by myself	hi ! no , but 2 of my 3 sisters do know how .	hi , do you know how to sew or nit ? i enjoy making my clothing by myself	hi ! no , but 2 of my 3 sisters do know how .	i recently went on a walk and saw how dirty my environment is , this concerns me .	i contribute to the dirtiness . i party a lot when my band is not playing a gig .	nice , i am more reserved , i just found a stray cat and adopted it	that is sweet . my band is popular . i am the lead singer in it .	nice , what kind of music ?	rock . i like to be pumped up all the time .	i mostly like folk songs , my mother does not approve of rock	i have to make it big . i did not finish high school .	just join the army ? they make good money , my mom is an army nurse	i would rather make it big in euphony . it has always been my dream .
contra-0413	i am getting hungry , how about you ?	i just ate with my two boys . i am a single mom .	i am getting hungry , how about you ?	i just ate with my two boys . i am a single mom .	tell me it was vegan food please , that is all i eat .	nope , i am a meat eater . do you drive ? my car is a honda civic .	i drive a truck so i can play my country music everywhere i go .	that is awesome ! i am an accountant . do you like to hike ? i love it .	i cannot boost because i have a disability . i cannot even work much either
contra-0414	hi , i am 69 , veteran with one leg who travels by wheelchair . you ?	hey ! 60 years old , currently an administrative assistant	hi , i am 69 , veteran with one leg who travels by wheelchair . you ?	hey ! 60 years old , currently an administrative assistant	vet ? married with children or what ? name is sean .	my names bill , not a vet , thanks for your service !	very kind of you sir . is 69 old ? if so i am old man . married ?	only as old as you feel . and no , just me and my oldies music	you like motown music sir ? i do . any ideas for a faster wheelchair ?	hm , not my expertise , only hobby of mine is trying barbeque restaurants	i am a oldie but a goodie and love to smoke ribs . you dance ?	as long as its oldies i will dance to anything ! aha you ?	you come from a military family ?	my father and grandfather were both army	great ! tennesee has the best bbq . you married ?	i have never been there ! and formally matrimonial
contra-0415	hello . hope you are doing great today	i was doing fine until i saw a spider in the corner !	hello . hope you are doing great today	i was doing fine until i saw a spider in the corner !	you let it go or kill it ?	i ran away . i wish i had a husband or kids to kill it for me	i once found a black widow in my yard	do you like spiders ? how old are you ?	i am 30 . you sound lonely . what do u do for living ?	i am pretty lone that is true . lost parents 2 years ago .
contra-0416	did you pull your tag on elk this year ? i have been spotting up by the wolf ridge .	i actually was not able to get an elk tag this season .	did you pull your tag on elk this year ? i have been spotting up by the wolf ridge .	i actually was not able to get an elk tag this season .	what are you going to do instead ?	i might go and see metallica with the money alternatively .
contra-0417	hello . how are you today ? just running dogs here .	i am good , are they your dogs ?	hello . how are you today ? just running dogs here .	i am good , are they your dogs ?	no . i have an obedience school . haha . got to pay fr the new house .	oh i see . are you good with dogs then ?	yeah . i am good with all animals . so tell me something about you .	i enjoy being in the outdoors , especially if i get to break out my tent .	i love nature . rather be dancing at a club .	i am not a good dancer but i jazz listening to loud music
contra-0418	hello . how are you tonight ? do you like heart ?	the band ? oh yes i do , and playing poker !	hello . how are you tonight ? do you like heart ?	the band ? oh yes i do , and playing poker !	that sounds fun , my girls and i play every now and again .	nice , 2 daughters ? i have 3 kids and a wife	my husband left us , his loss .	yes it is his departure , scum bag !
contra-0419	hello . i am an attorney and i live in oklahoma . what about you ?	tracy here . i am 32 , live alone and scared of dogs .	hello . i am an attorney and i live in oklahoma . what about you ?	tracy here . i am 32 , live alone and scared of dogs .	oh dear . i love animals ! i actually have two dogs .	hmmm . do you own or rent your home ? i rent .	own . as a native american , i prefer to own .	i see . i read and watch love stories . you have any cats ?	no . just dogs . what about you ?	i am a single cat lady . are you married ?	yes . my wife loves rock climbing , but i am scared of heights .
contra-0420	hi , want to be my friend ?	hello , sure why not ! how old are you ? i just turned 34	hi , want to be my friend ?	hello , sure why not ! how old are you ? i just turned 34	whoa . i am only 12 . what is it like to be old ?	my 2 kiddos are in kindergarten , they want to graduate at mississippi university like me	that is cool i guess . are they twins	no . only 12 ? so no job yet . i have done real estate 12 years now	ha . that is since i was a baby . i am a tae kwan do champ	must be a brutal xii year old ! haha ! i try to do environmental work too .
contra-0421	hi there how are you	hello , i am great . just came back from fishing . how are you ?	hi there how are you	hello , i am great . just came back from fishing . how are you ?	i am good . getting ready to go sing karaoke .	that sounds fun , wonder if the polar bears would like it ?	i doubt it . karaoke probably is not their thing .	they are a main staple of my diet , i work in the arctic .	oh wow . i just found out i am allergic to dogs .	that is horrible , i love franks . do you fish ?
contra-0422	i cannot have a dog because of allergies . do you own a dog .	nope . my wife and kids happen to be allergic as well .	i cannot have a dog because of allergies . do you own a dog .	nope . my wife and kids happen to be allergic as well .	do you have any other pets ?	my kids have two guinea pigs .	i grew up without my mother . did you grow up with both parents ?	yes , i did . they were good parents .	singing karaoke is a talent of mine . do you sing too ?	not really . i am into running , books and old cars .	i cannot see colors . what is your favorite color ?	red would have to be my pet color .
contra-0423	hi there . how are you tonight ?	good . is english your native tongue ? it is mine .	hi there . how are you tonight ?	good . is english your native tongue ? it is mine .	yes it is . what do you do for work ? i am employed at a research facility .	i work as an engineer , but i cannot stand any bugs that i find while working .	i have to clean cages at study . my real dream is to be a professional artist .
contra-0424	hey , i am here with my dogs , timbo and bananas	i love dogs ! we have a lot of them on my horse ranch .	hey , i am here with my dogs , timbo and bananas	i love dogs ! we have a lot of them on my horse ranch .	that is awesome ! what do you do with your horses ?	i train horses for a living . what do you do ?	i play frisbee competitively and it is so much fun	that is great ! i exercise every day to stay healthy and eat from my garden	yes . it is so important to state healthy so your dogs always have you	when i am on the ranch working i listen to john denver on my ipod	west virginia . take me home .	i love riding horses in west virginia	i take my dogs camping there when we travel for frisbee . large place
contra-0425	hello . hope you are doing great today	i was doing fine until i saw a spider in the corner !	hello . hope you are doing great today	i was doing fine until i saw a spider in the corner !	you let it go or kill it ?	i ran away . i wish i had a husband or kids to kill it for me	i once found a black widow in my yard	do you like spiders ? how old are you ?	i am 30 . you sound lonely . what do u do for living ?	i am pretty lonely that is true . lost parents 2 years ago .	sorry to hear that . i have a father only , care i have a spouse
contra-0426	hello , praise god friend for all the good works	hi . i really do not want to talk	hello , praise god friend for all the good works	hi . i really do not want to talk	why are you moody now at this time ?	my cats are acting weird and i am having writers block	did you take them to their clinic for a check up ?	no i think they are just hungry	so do you have any thing to feed them on ?	yes i do . what do you do for a living	i do bake cakes and cookies that i distribute to shops for my earnings .	that sounds yummy and sweet	so as for you what do you do ?	i love to write romance books	okay , how many have you written so far ?	just a few . . . like 10 or 15	i would care to read them and can you give some of their titles
contra-0427	hello , how are you this evening ?	i am good just getting back from work	hello , how are you this evening ?	i am just just getting back from work
contra-0428	hello . i hope you are having a good evening .	hello how are you doing	hello . i hope you are having a good evening .	hello how are you doing	well , thank you . do you like onions ? i love them .	no ? so were do you live	with my dad . we do not get along . he has cats and i do not like them .	are you ok ? your talking kind of weird	i work as a nurse . i think i would know if something was wrong .	are you male of female i am a Male
contra-0429	hey there big guy , how yah doing ?	i am good do you have facial hair ?	hey there big guy , how yah doing ?	i am good do you have facial hair ?	yeah , i have a pretty glorious beard . you ?	i do not but i love facial hair	oh well i think you would like my stache . what do you do for work ?	i ride my horses it is nice	they are beautiful , i like to restore cars for fun	nice are you retired yet ?	not quite , i work for a real estate company that deals in rentals . you work ?	yea remember the horses ? i want to retire though
contra-0430	hello . i work as a batista . how about you ?	what is that ? like to shop i do which is why i am here lol	hello . i work as a batista . how about you ?	what is that ? like to shop i do which is why i am here lol	yes i do . i also enjoy playing guitar . where is your family from ?	i am almost a nurse lol that is sadly single	i see . well my family is in arkansas . i live in chicago in an apartment .	cool , do you like it there ?	yes i do . my two brothers live with me .	i want to visit there so bad	it is very windy ! that is why it is called the windy city !	how old are the bros ?	they are in their early twenties .	nerveless i am in my late
contra-0431	i am getting hungry , how about you ?	i just ate with my two boys . i am a single mom .	i am getting hungry , how about you ?	i just ate with my two boys . i am a single mom .	tell me it was vegan food please , that is all i eat .	nope , i am a meat eater . do you drive ? my car is a honda civic .	i drive a truck so i can play my country music everywhere i go .	that is awesome ! i am an accountant . do you like to hike ? i love it .	i cannot hike because i have a disability . i cannot even work much either	sorry to hear that . where are you from ? i am from ohio .	i live in california currently . spend my days knitting for children	that is awesome ! california is very beautiful .	the babes i knit the hats for are the real beauties	it sounds like you really care for them !	i do ! my disability makes it hard to type , i meant to say babies not babes	i understand . well you seem like a very caring person .	i wish about animals . please stop eating them , try veggies instead
contra-0432	hi , three of my siblings are girls .	are all of your girls healthy ? i am a doctor .	hi , three of my siblings are daughters .
contra-0433	hey , i am from chicago , how about you ?	i have passed through chicago for work . i am a truck driver	hey , i am from chicago , how about you ?	i have passed through chicago for work . i am a truck driver	do you have tattoos ? i do .	no . i grew up ona farm and my parents would not let me have tattoos	that is rough . you could get some now though	no i have seven kids i want to set an example for	that is sure a lot of kids .	yes i think of it as a mystery . because i do not know their mom	how does that work ?	i like reading mysteries and one day i was reading some lady dropped off some kids	oh that makes sense . can i have some ?	sure . you can marry men and share	i do not recognize if i want to be married
contra-0434	hi , do you want to be friends ?	sure , my name is dan and i just had my first child .	hi , do you want to be friends ?	sure , my name is dan and i just had my first child .	congrats ! is it a boy or girl ?	a boy , any kids for you ?	not yet . i am not ready . right now i am concentrating on art class	ok that sounds interesting , i studied abroad for many years .	that sounds amazing . i would love to go to europe	it was , any pets ? my golden retriever ginger is great around my son .	i have a golden retriever too ! we go for long hikes together	wow , small world , my hobbies include making model cars and watching movies .	model cars sounds neat . i enjoy anything crafty	titanic is my favorite movie of all time , have seen it over 10 times .	i love the music in that . i really like poetry but music too	yes poetry is awesome , love to read it , cannot write it though .	me either . but i have a sweet notebook with all my favorite quotes	awesome , sounds similar a good idea .
contra-0435	hi how are you today	good , how are you ? i just finished reading a new drama book	hi how are you today	good , how are you ? i just finished reading a new drama book	i am well where do you work
contra-0436	hello and how are you ?	i am good , how are you ?	hello and how are you ?	i am good , how are you ?	tired from too many parties .	i used to party a lot but i have been sober for 5 years .	oh , we had a graduation company from college for me .
contra-0437	hello , how are you today ? doing the same thing as yesterday	hi ! i am doing just great ! what do you do ?	hello , how are you today ? doing the same thing as yesterday	hi ! i am doing just great ! what do you do ?	i am a tattoo artist , been doing that forever and a day . haha	that is awesome i am an aspiring actress . where do you live ?	i live in wisconsin . an actress huh ? that is pretty cool	yes mum ws mad when i told her i wanted to move to new york lol	me and my pops do not get a long , you still talk to her ?	that is a shame . we still speak i am her baby girl
contra-0438	do you have a favorite sport ?	no time for sports since i am constantly working as an engineer . you ?	do you have a favorite sport ?	no time for sports since i am constantly working as an engineer . you ?	i love playing extreme frisbee .	that is awesome ! i would be afraid of all the insects while wagering
contra-0439	hi there how are you dong	great . just got finished eating sushi . . my favorite . you ?	hi there how are you dong	great . just got finished eating sushi . . my favorite . you ?	yum ! i am a vet so i just got home . sick cat tonight	aww . listening to rap now , my favorite genre .	i prefer alternative . my name is jordan . what is yours	i am ashley . i live with my dad and brother . my mom passed . you ?	my mom actually passed too . dad also	oh boy . it is tough to deal . do you work out ? i enjoy it a lot .	i do process out . i am also a musician
contra-0440	to whom do i have the pleasure of accompanying me today ?	my name is carol . how are you today ?	to whom do i have the pleasure of accompanying me today ?	my name is carol . how are you today ?	lonely carol , i sit here with my two cats stumped .	oh ? i have a siamese cat . just me and bob the cat . lonely too .	its ironic . i am a novelist . . . romance . living alone on an island far away from anyone	i sew quilts for relatives that are happier than i will ever be . retired banker .	it seems were one in the same , maybe i can use this mysterious connection	you write the novels , i will sew quilts that expound on the themes you write about .	it sounds like a match made in heaven . ironic is not it ? how lonely a romance writer is ?	it is dry . like something from an alanis song .
contra-0441	i am a musician and a guitar player what do you like ?	i like scary movies . i am joanna , you ?	i am a musician and a guitar player what do you like ?	i like scary movies . i am joanna , you ?	they call me tat because of all mt tattoos	where are you from ? i grew up in south carolina	i was born in arkansas but i now live in chicago	did you got to college there ?	yes i am in school now while working part time as a batista	i graduated recently . from usc . my parents pushed me into it , wanted better	well i am proud of you . i am getting my masters in music	euphony is great ! my mom teaches that . my dad just tends the farm
contra-0442	hi , do you like skating ? i am a pro skater	i do not really know how to skate but i think its very cool	hi , do you like skating ? i am a pro skater	i do not really know how to skate but i think its very cool	good , whenever i am not skating i am listening to bluegrass	i listen to music while i am doing carpentry . i just cant seem to stop moving ever	carpentry is cool , do you do that as work ?	more of a hobby . i am 40 and still do not have a set career	nice please tell me more	i cant stay still long enough to keep a steady job . i am a restless guy	well least you were not born with a tail like me but i had it removed	i heard that happens sometimes . glad you got it offed
contra-0443	hello . hold on , my dogs are begging for attention . how are you ?	hello , well , and you ? i love dogs ! cats i am allergic to .	hello . hold on , my dogs are begging for attention . how are you ?	hello , well , and you ? i love dogs ! cats i am allergic to .	i am hypersensitive to everything i own . i am well , but handling a difficult client .
contra-0444	hello how are you doing	how are you doing today	hello how are you doing	how are you doing today	i am great . how is your day	i have a lot of homework to finish	what do you go to school for	lyrics writing . . . i am a songwriter since the third grade	that is great . where do you want to work ?	what rhymes with orange . . . that is my nightmare right now	i am not sure . lol	oh i want to bring for willie . . . the . . . willie . . . nelson
contra-0445	hello ! good evening . how are you ?	hey there ! a little tired , just finished my mile walk , you ?	hello ! good evening . how are you ?	hey there ! a little tired , just finished my mile walk , you ?	nothing much just staying in my bed .	i am about to do the same , curl up with my siamese cat	what time is it in your town ?	almost one am , what bout you ?	here is almost 2 am where do you live ?	southern ish area of texas .	we are very far i live in connecticut .	what is the weather like there ?	this is very rainy i do not wish rain at all .
contra-0446	hi , i enjoy bodybuilder , what do you do for fun ?	i like to be outdoors . hiking , camping , you know	hi , i enjoy bodybuilder , what do you do for fun ?	i like to be alfresco . hiking , camping , you know
contra-0447	hello , how are you tonight ?	great . how are you doing	hello , how are you tonight ?	great . how are you doing	doing good , just getting my girls down for the night .	how many do you have	three girls , do you have children ?	a boy and a girl . 12 and 9 . angelic monsters lol	one of each that is good . the girls can be a hand full .	who you telling . haha . my girl is a hundred times more stressful .	my mom was a teacher and i am not sure how she did it .	kudos to her . i am exhausted half way through the day .	yes , me to ! i was born later so she has lots of patients .	well good for her . do you like barbecue . i am a pro at it	i do similar barbecue , it is one of my favorite .
contra-0448	good afternoon how are you	good evening here . lol . good how are you	well afternoon how are you
contra-0449	hey ! do you like music ? i like metallica .	i like country music mostly	hey ! do you like medicine ? i like metallica .
contra-0450	hello , how are you doing ?	i am great , just sitting at work . how are you	hello , how are you doing ?	i am great , just sitting at work . how are you	fine , where do you work ?	i am a real estate agent , how about you	i work with troubled teens .	goodness that must be challenging . my children are still in kindergarten	it is not too bad . do they like school ?	yes they do so far . so how do you feel about the environment	i am not worried about the invisible parts . but people should not litter .	no we must strive to do everything we can to save the planet	what kind of polluting are you most concerned about ?	oh every variety possible . also global warming alarms me
contra-0451	hi how are you today ?	great , getting ready for midterms . you ?	hi how are you today ?	great , getting ready for midterms . you ?	just playing some ultimate it is the best	sounds fun , is it a video game ? i like running poker .
contra-0452	hi , i am a one legged vet in a wheelchair . how are you ?	oh my . i am a soldier in south korea , actually .	hi , i am a one legged vet in a wheelchair . how are you ?	oh my . i am a soldier in south korea , actually .	hi soldier ! is 69 old . if it is then i am old .	well i am only 20 , so a bit younger than you !	i just pray you do not go to war . what is your rank ?	i am a lieutenant . you ?	sargent . was your basic in the states ?	yes , it was . how about you ?	norfolk virginia . i branch of service are you in ?	i am in the army . what years did you serve ?	67 through 72 . will you make the USA a career ?
contra-0453	hey how is it going	i am pretty good . just got the kids to bed	hey how is it going	i am pretty good . just got the kids to bed	i still need to do that , i am a single dad	how many kids do you have ? i have 2	3 2 boys and girl	both of mine are girls . how old are you ? i am 34	40 years old , what you do for living , single ?	i work in real estate . i have been there for awhile	nice ! i work on airplanes , love working with my hands	nice . that is really impressive .	how old are your girls ?	they are both five yrs old . twins
contra-0454	hello . how are you this evening ?	i am doing fine . you ?	hello . how are you this evening ?	i am doing fine . you ?	doing very well , thank you . you male or female . i am a guy .	good to hear . i am a girl .	cool . how old are you ? i am 40 .	let me see , i have been forgetting ! i am 30 .	ah . single ? kids ? i have one child and i am divorced .	i am single . i have not dated a lot until recently .	i see . i do not like sitting still . do you ?	i am the same way . i work a lot to keep myself busy .	i hear ya . i really enjoy building things with my hands .	that sounds coolheaded . i typically just enjoy cleaning .
contra-0455	hi how are you today	hi ! i am feeling great after a 40 minutes workout .	hi how are you today	HI ! i am feeling great after a 40 minutes workout .
contra-0456	hello there . where are you from ?	i am from california , but soon i am moving to ny	hello there . where are you from ?	i am from california , but soon i am moving to ny	very interesting . why are you moving ?	my modeling career is taking off . i model and design golf outfits	that is fantastic . good luck !	thank you , but my true passion is surfing and skating	where is your favorite place to surf in ca ?	surf and skate land ? is not that a song ? i can not sing well	interesting . i enjoy cycling and football .	i cycled once . i was not very serious
contra-0457	good evening how are you doing tonight	i am doing good just making some dinner . how about you ?	good evening how are you doing tonight	i am doing good just making some dinner . how about you ?	i am doing good what are you cooking . i bet something that smells good	i love to make brisket and barbecue chicken and sides	that sounds good but i will not be able to enjoy that as much	are you vegan ? are you dressing up for halloween ?	well i am studying the jewish faith so no i will not be dressing up for Hallowe'en
contra-0458	hi want to get to know each other ?	yes we got to act quickly	hi want to get to know each other ?	yes we got to act quickly	i am going for a horse ride tomorrow . do you like horses ?	i never have juice , just water .	is that hard for you ? i love sugar	yes i do i work on the baby floor an i want no kids lol	i am looking forward to retirement	no it is easy especially being single an i like it	well i have some heath issues , maybe i will try it	i do get it i do	will irrigate help my circulation . i have an achy leg
contra-0459	barbecue is my favorite food to cook .	oh no , i do not like barbecue because i do not like to eat animals .	barbecue is my favorite food to cook .	oh no , i do not like barbecue because i do not wish to eat animals .
contra-0460	hey there ! whats your favorite movie ? mine is titanic	mine is captain america , civil war ! my daddy took me to see it before he died .	hey there ! whats your favorite movie ? mine is titanic	mine is captain america , civil war ! my daddy took me to see it before he died .	wow ! i seen titanic like 10 times an i just became a new daddy	i like to dance , i pretend the winter soldier is my boyfriend .	cute , i like to model cars as a past time .	my parents and i lived on edris island , before they died . where are you ?	i am in america , i did study abroad for a few years when i was in college .	i have not been to USA yet . i am on the canadian mainland .
contra-0461	hi there how are you doing ?	i am good , thanks ! and you ?	hi there how are you doing ?	i am good , thanks ! and you ?	feeling pretty well . have a gig to get ready for shortly	you performing there or going as audience member ?	performing , it is a secondary lead part i want . as long as i am not singing	aww , all the best to you ! i just finished baking a cake for my kids and hubby .	hot dam send me some too ! do you like surfing or skating ?	sending you a slice ! i do not like either . i enjoy reading .	that is too slow for my taste	you could always read really fast ! !	lol have to have that ability first .	blink three times and it becomes your superpower ! what do you like cooking ?	i am a actor model i do not cook and what i do i burn lol	i burn rice often ! it is cool that you act and model .	lots of hard work tho . i am very choosy on my pieces tho	do you feel your acting experience helps you when you mold ?
contra-0462	hi there , ohio state buckeye fan here , how are you ?	doing good just watching some soccer i use to play	hi there , ohio state buckeye fan here , how are you ?	doing good just watching some soccer i use to play	i am a gardener , which is good since i cant swim , water is terrifying .	i have not been swimming since i graduated last year from college	what color do you like best ? mine is purple , like in a rainbow .	mine is orange i eat alot of orange candy	i like oranges ! i went to ohio state and studied horticulture .	did you enjoy it ? what do you do for fun ?	loved college , not work so much . i like to polka dance for play .
contra-0463	hello , how are you . i just finished bathing my horses	hello , i am good . i was drinking my favorite drink ice tea .	hello , how are you . i just finished bathing my horses	hello , i am good . i was drinking my favorite drink ice tea .	i love ice tea , especially green tea . it is very healthy	i have been listening to country music all day .	i prefer the artist taylor swift	where are you from ? i originate from canada .	what do you like to do in your spare time ? and i am from memphis	i like to dance in my spare time .	i love painting portraits in my redundant time
contra-0464	hello , how are you today ?	i am doing very well , just came back from walking my dogs .	hello , how are you today ?	i am doing very well , just came back from walking my dogs .	what kind of dogs ? i have a couple cats .
contra-0465	hello how are you ?	i am good but busy , you ?	hello how are you ?	i am good but busy , you ?	doing well just playing with my dog who is 180 pounds	what breed of dog is it ?	a akita named keiko we go for super long walks	sounds great , i love long walks , and being active in general .	what is your favorite thing to do while being participating ?
contra-0466	hi how you doing tonight let us chat and get to know each other some .	sounds like a good idea . i am good . do you work	hi how you doing tonight let us chat and get to know each other some .	sounds alike a good idea . i am good . do you work
contra-0467	i just finished spending time with my children three girls	sweet ! i just finished skating . that is my job , to do tricks on my skateboard .	i just stopped spending time with my children three girls
contra-0468	its fall ! finally time for the snow to come ! !	i am from australia so i lobe a good snowfall	its fall ! finally time for the snow to come ! !	i am from australia so i lobe a good snowfall	i love australia . i went there to see metallica once ! !	cool but i live in the usa . what city are you in ?	i am was born in wisconsin but moved at 17 to oklahoma	i am in miami , i jazz america
contra-0469	hi there how are you doing ?	good . i just got back from london !	hi there how are you doing ?	good . i just got back from london !	oh how fun . business or pleasure ? ?	well , i travel for pleasure !	that is awesome do you own guns i do for hunting ?	no , but i work in advertising	i bet that is interesting . are you close with family ?	also , i have had the same best friend for 20 years .	i am very close with mine they live right down the street	i am close with my family , yeah !	what a mess this country is in	why do you say that ?	just seems d . c . can not get things together and then you have hollywood .	i think hollywood is a mess !	very true there . need more church goers or something lol	i do not think church would help these people lol	lol maybe not , a beer .	i think beers would work	do you have any pets ?	no , i do not . do you ?	naw i am not home enough would like to have a cat but in law allergic .	i am supersensitive as well !
contra-0470	hi do you like college sports ? i am a fan of ohio state	i am not really into sports . i like robots though !	hi do you like college sports ? i am a fan of ohio state	i am not really into sports . i like robots though !	robots are cool . they use them in the factory where i work	that is cool , where do you live ?	in ohio . home of the buckeyes	i live out here in california	do you like it ? i would be afraid of all the water along the coast	i love the water , it so much fun to go swimming in the ocean	no so scary ! i would rather be gardening	that is kind of boring , but to each their own !	boring is working in a factory . gardening is awesome	i was homeschooled , that is pretty boring too	sounds like it . i have purple hair since it is my favorite color . makes me less boring	that is not boring at all ! i have blue pilus
contra-0471	i am male , divorce , 6 grandchildren , ex named doug .	nice to meet you doug . i am lucy	i am male , divorce , 6 grandchildren , ex named doug .	nice to meet you doug . i am lucy	hi , i have schwinn bike and work in old folks home . you ?	i am a secretary at an office . nothing too exciting	oh okay . my children and dogs are exciting .	that is awesome . i love animals	i have a cat named grace .	that is a beautiful name for an animal	you think ? i take of people society has thrown away .	i do think . i went to grace college last year	get out ! me too ! are you in virginia ?	haha yes i am . what a small world we live in !	oh my ! i am nurses aid .	did you do any sports at Grace ? i was on the soccer team
contra-0472	hi there how are you doing ?	i am doing good . just enjoying eating my muffin , you ?	hi there how are you doing ?	i am doing good . just enjoying eating my muffin , you ?	i am well thank you just waiting for my kiddos to get home from school . than dinner	i wish i had kids . just me and my dog , pedro , here	give it time dear . they are a lot of work and well worth the wait	i work with a lot of kids in the healthcare industry	that is a noble profession how did you get into that	i originally wanted to have a career in film as i love it	what exactly do you want to do in that field ?	produce . i decided to go down the healthcare route because its hard to get into	i can see that do you have a starting place ?	i am not sure yet . so , what do you like ?	reading is a passion , as well as cooking for my family . pretty simple here	sounds like a nice life you got	i think it is . everyday life with little drama from outsiders just how i wish it
contra-0473	hey there how are you now ?	great spending time with my dog charlie he is a hoot	hey there how are you now ?	great spending time with my dog charlie he is a hoot	got any kids ? i do 2 sons .	no kids just brothers and sisters	i am in school to learn how to do hair	neat i follow the stock market carefully since becoming a stock broker	oh okay i have kids , 2 sons	i plan on visiting australia since my parents live there its beautiful	that is really dope , like fish ?	yes very much i make an awesome eggplant parmigiana my fave	i want to try it like vintage things ?	yes i love vintage affairs so artsy
contra-0474	hey , tell me about yourself ?	i work out a lot ; i am a bodybuilder . how about you ?	hey , tell me about yourself ?	i work out a lot ; i am a bodybuilder . how about you ?	i love to read and cook . my wife and i are republicans and we have kids .	that is cool , i have got a brother but no kids yet .	what do you do for a living ?	just bodybuilding on youtube and stuff . what do you do ?	i am a teacher , it is a rewarding job .	what do you like to cook ? i love all kids of meat .	i make mostly vegetarian dishes but love steak .	yeah , my mom is a vegetarian . she works as a secretary .	what do you guys do for fun ?	well besides working out i love roller coasters . do you like them ?	the bigger the better ! metal ones are my favorite .	definitely ! have you ridden any hybrid metal and wood aces ?
contra-0475	hello there hows it going	hi , i am joanna . how are you tonight .	hello there hows it going	hi , i am joanna . how are you tonight .	hey i am brianna i am okay	so , i am a singer by trade . what do you do ?	dancing is my passion ! i intend on going to the x factor in a few more years	really ? i went to school at usc . i have a few contacts out there .	yes my ultimate dream is to be a professional dancer	dad tending the farm and mom a strict teacher , anything artsy was always frowned upon !	well both of my parents are gone but my sister realy supports my dreams	where are you from ? i am proudly born and raised in south carolina !	i am from edris island	do you like horror flicks ? those are my favorite !	yes ! i love the childs play franchise	chuckie is a creepy little guy . i fuck mikey myers and the brute force !
contra-0476	hey , how is the weather out there ?	it is pretty hot but good for working in my garden .	hey , how is the weather out there ?	it is pretty hot but good for working in my garden .	do you garden a lot ?	yes , it is plenty of food for my family with plenty to give away .	aw , that is so nice . i should garden for my sister	your vegetables will taste better . what kind of work do you do ?	i do whatever jobs pay the bills , i have to take care of my sister and me	i work in a pipe factory . it pays well but is dangerous .	how dangerous ? could you die ?	yes , someone was killed by a stack of pipes falling a few years ago .	ugh , that scares me . both of my parents died , be careful for you family .	you have to watch out what you are doing as well as the other people .	just like a dance . you have to watch yourself and observe the others .
contra-0477	hey there like to workout ?	not really . i enjoy video games and reading mostly . do you workout ?	hey there like to workout ?	not really . i enjoy video games and reading mostly . do you workout ?	yes i do all the time	are you a bodybuilder ? what do you do for a living ?	no no body builder but i am a vegan	that is interesting . i am also a vegan and a vet . i love animals .	really wow , any siblings ? all i have is my dad an bro	a sister in california , where we grew up . i am in florida now . you ?	i like to listen to trap queen an gucci do you ?	yes ! i rap on the weekends myself too . my friends like country , boo .	really ? going to watch gucci get married tomorrow ? 10 17	i did not even know gucci was getting wed . who to ?
contra-0478	hey , do you want to see a photo of my fur babies ?	are they horses ? i love horses .	hey , do you want to see a photo of my fur babies ?	are they horses ? i love horses .	nah , doggies and kitties . how about some photos of my grandbabies ?	that would be great , how many do you have ?	i have six . they are all old now . they give me money though .	that is wonderful , what do you like to do in your spare time ?	i ride my bike a lot , when i am not working .	i like to put on so sometime john denver and workout myself .
contra-0479	hey there . how is it going ?	not bad . currently writing my third novel . all about romance .	hey there . how is it going ?	not bad . currently writing my third novel . all about romance .	how long have you been writing for ?	over 20 years . living far away on an island helps me gather thoughts .	i did not graduate from high school , so writing novels seems like a great achievement !	well , i keep to myself alot . not very social . wish i was more outgoing .	my two dogs are my best friends . do you have any pets ?	one dog and two cats . big companions . any children ?
contra-0480	hey , what do you do for a living ?	hello , i work in my mommas restaurant .	hey , what do you do for a living ?	hello , i work in my mommas restaurant .	oh nice , that is a cool job . what do you do for fun ?	i read a lot , and go hiking with my dog .	those are both fun things to do .	i have seven siblings , one brother and six sisters . are you an only child ?	i am ! unless there are any surprise siblings that i do not know about .	lucky you ! what do you do for a living ?	i work in a warehouse as a forklift operator !	that is not a bad business . i want to go to school next year .
contra-0481	hello . how are you today ?	i am good . how about yourself ?	hello . how are you today ?	i am good . how about yourself ?	slow . reading a book at the moment , romance of the paranormal persuasion	sounds interesting . i like studying but do not do it enough .
contra-0482	hello , how are you tonight ?	how are you doing this late night let us chat .	hello , how are you tonight ?	how are you doing this late night let us chat .	i am doing very well . i have biology homework .	oh i do not think i could do that was never to good in the study .	i do not party , nor do i drink .	wonderful cool but i did get my diploma from school to college .	very nice . do you travel a lot ?	so so i used to travel a lot from new jersey to atlantic city .	is atlantic city nice ? i heard it was kind of trashy now .	it was when i was going but now it probably is not so nice now .	i have always wanted to visit , i still may .	my best kind of hobby i like is entertaining board games and gambling .	i like to gamble as well , planning a trip to vegas soon .	i like pets and i got this cat by the name of arizona .	that is so cool ! my last dog was sirius .	sirius is a nice name i hope you enjoy your tripper to vegas soon .
contra-0483	hey there how is your day so far ?	it is okay , i almost ate a jam that had mango in it , i am allergic	hey there how is your day so far ?	it is okay , i almost ate a jam that had mango in it , i am allergic	that would have sucked lol what is your favorite food ?	bacon , lol . i love bacon . my late husbands did too .	oh wow well that is specific . i bang italian
contra-0484	how are you doing tonight ?	i am ok . practicing my british accent . i fake it to be cool and pick up guys .	how are you doing tonight ?	i am ok . practicing my british accent . i fake it to be cool and pick up guys .	that is good . are you excited for the holidays ?	no . being alone makes me dread holidays . i was married 4 times , 3 times widowed .	what happened to your first wife ?	she was mysteriously murdered . had arsenic in her .	who do you think killed your wife ?	not sure . i miss her . i am an eccentric doggie hair stylist . she used to help .	that is sad . my parents died last year .	so sorry ! i try to keep busy by staying involved collecting civil war antiques .	that is good . my dad served in a warfare .
contra-0485	hello , how are you tonight	i am fine and you	hello , how are you tonight	i am fine and you	very well , thank you for asking . planning my garden for next year .	amazing fresh foods and veggies sounds yummy	they are , i will use my garden as a teaching environment too	awesome . tell me more about yourself	what do you do for a living ?	i work at the hospital in labor and delivery	that sounds so fun ! the little ones are so adorable .	i work around them so much i do not want none	i can understand that , as a few friends have said the same thing .	plus i work out in the gym 7days a week no time	i need to get back in the gym	its so much playfulness . i am single and alone so i use it to catch women
contra-0486	hi , are you looking for a lawyer ?	possibly . i live with my two brothers in chicago . do you practice here ?	hi , are you looking for a lawyer ?	possibly . i live with my two brothers in chicago . do you practice here ?	nah , i stay on the reservation in oklahoma .	is that where your family lives too ? mine is in arkansas	yes . me and my family , my fur babies , all my lovers .	i am from the batista family . do you know much about your family heritage ?	nah , not really . i just survive for my doggies .
contra-0487	hey there are you allergic to dogs ? i am to cats	no that would suck i love dogs	hey there are you allergic to dogs ? i am to cats	no that would suck i love dogs
contra-0488	how is your day going so far ?	good , just gardening in my large garden !	how is your day going so far ?	good , just gardening in my large garden !	that sounds fun ! i am tending to my meat rabbits	meat rabbits ? do you like traveling ? i love it	i hike and camp in the mountains does that count ?	yes , definitely . i have been to 6 countries actually .	i enjoy meat , find it healthier to raise and butcher myself	that sounds so harsh , but i like heart as well . i guess i get it
contra-0489	hello , how are you today ?	i am well just studying for class	hello , how are you today ?	i am well just analyzing for class
contra-0490	hello , how are you tonight ?	i am hungry how about you ?	hello , how are you tonight ?	i am hungry how about you ?	i could eat , lol . i have two boys and they are always athirst .
contra-0491	hi how are you doing tonight i am fare .	i am wonderful just relaxing ready to begin a long work week .	hi how are you doing tonight i am fare .	i am wonderful just relaxing ready to begin a long work week .	i tend to eat fish sardines in the morning for breakfast do you ?	no i like barbecue more than fish .	yes good for you i care playing with the frisbee do you ? barbecue tasty .
contra-0492	hey , nice to meet you . how are you doing today ? anything fun ?	nice to meet you . i am doing well , i just went shopping .	hey , nice to meet you . how are you doing today ? anything fun ?	nice to fulfil you . i am doing well , i just went shopping .
contra-0493	hey how are you what you doing ?	i am good , just strumming the old banjo , you ?	hey how are you what you doing ?	i am good , just strumming the old banjo , you ?	thinking if i want to start a round of poker or not	do you gamble when you play ?	i love running it is a stress reliever	oh that is cool , do you have a job ?	yes i do , i love poker an i am in school also	in high schoolhouse ? or college ?
contra-0494	do you want to go to the gym with me ?	no i am just on my lunch break	do you want to go to the gym with me ?	no i am just on my lunch break	i like being alone anyway .	i might be good company my english is getting better	you already rejected me though .	just for the gym whats going on latter ?	drinking some water alone probably .	do you like classical music ?	i have no opinion .	i am going to a concert for bach want to come ?	yes , after the gym maybe	i am up for anything but bug related expos	i do not wish bugs .
contra-0495	hi ! how are you doing today ?	i am fantastic ! how are you ?	hi ! how are you doing today ?	i am fantastic ! how are you ?	i am doing very well . thanks !	so what do you do for a living ?	i work in real estate . i have been doing it for about 12 years . what about you ?	i am a kindergarten teacher . i really love kids .	wow , i have two kids in kindergarten right now .	two in the same grade ! that must be a handful !	yes it is . how old are you ?	i am 26 . i only have one kiddo so far . i can not imagine twins .	i am 34 . they are a lot of work but fun !	so what do you do for fun ?	i like to relax , swim and watch movies . what about you ?	i love to swim as well . i live decent by the ocean .
contra-0496	hello how are you today	i am good how about you	hello how are you today	i am good how about you	i am great i just got engaged	oh how exciting that is . still looking for mister right	aww hope you find him soon they are hard to find now a days	yeah would help if i stay out of the clubs will not find him there	yeah that is one of the worse places to find them . do you like sports	would you say obedience school for dogs is one ?	lol it can be i guess . i watch all sports but love soccer	that is a good one kinda play that with my dogs i teach	you seem to have a very fun job . i just graduated college so still looking for work	it can be fun . just not when my sweet tooth kicks in lol	lol what do you do for playfulness
contra-0497	how are you tonight ? are you interested in fitness ?	i am great , how are you ? i like to workout .	how are you tonight ? are you interested in fitness ?	i am great , how are you ? i like to workout .	i am doing well . i put on a lot of weight , so now i work out regularly .	while i am still young i am building up my muscle .	fortunately , i have a house on the beach , so i get to swim daily .	my down fall is that i love tea .	well , teatime is more healthy than a lot of things . what do you do for work ?
contra-0498	hi , how are you ?	i am doing good . listening to some john denver .	hi , how are you ?	i am doing good . listening to some john denver .	awesome ! i am a huge music fan . taylor swift is my absolute favorite singer	oh . what do you like to do ?	what do you like to do in your spare time ?	i love horses . i grew up on a ranch .	that must have been great .	it was . i also like to garden and cook .	how fun ! i attend a cooking class here in the city .	what is your favorite thing to cook ?	the grocery store i work at sells amazing fresh veggies .	i use a lot of the veggies i grow to cook with .	i like to cook up a nice stir fry	i try to eat healthy . i work out a lot .	i hear to stay fit by walking instead of taking the subway .
contra-0499	hi there how are you today ?	hello , i am furious ! did you see what trump has done now ?	hi there how are you today ?	hello , i am furious ! did you see what trump has done now ?	no i have not what now ? i am a homemaker so i usually do not see tv	oh , ok . you are very lucky . are you a democrat ?	somewhat not strongly but i guess so	do you have any kids or dogs ?	2 a boy and a girl and 1 dog a colie	aw . i have a husky and a springer spaniel	so no kids for you ? plan on getting married in the future	i am married , we have chosen to not have kids .	o ok yes children is a big step a whole new lifestyle	yes , we have other things we prefer to do than raise kids .
contra-0500	hello , how are you today ?	i am good , how are you ?	hello , how are you today ?	i am good , how are you ?	i am good too . i have a dream to be a fashion designer	that sounds awesome ! are you working anywhere now ? are you in college ?	i am still in college . single since my friend to my boyfriend in high school	cool ! i am retired from the banking business . do you have any hobbies ?	yes i have a few avocations like skateboarding , snowboarding , flying my drone
contra-0501	hello how are you today ?	i am doing well . glad that monday is done and over with . how are you ?	hello how are you today ?	i am doing well . glad that monday is done and over with . how are you ?	good what kind of music do you like ? i am really into music myself !	i really like pop and rock music . how about you ?	i like pink floyd but other kids my age not not into them .	i am sure there are kids your age who likes pink floyd	not around here . it is all country , rap or a weird fusion of the two .	oh . do you currently work , or in school ?	i am still in middle school . are you still in school ?	yes , i am in college . i am looking to be a fashion designer . how about you ?	i want to be an actor when i get older .	are you in drama theatre in school ?	of course i have been in school plays for years ! i got the lead this year .	that is great ! i always wanted to go into drama stuff but never let around to it
contra-0502	hello , my name is jonas , how are you doing today ?	bad , i am broke and my low income apartment has rent due tomorrow	hello , my name is jonas , how are you doing today ?	bad , i am broke and my low income apartment has rent due tomorrow	i know that feeling . i have been stuck at the same low paying job for years .	same here , fast food does not pay like how i thought it did at 16	at xvi , i had a job taking care of cats , but now i really hate them .
contra-0503	hello there how are you today	i am wonderful . i just finished my book . how are you ?	hello there how are you today	i am wonderful . i just finished my book . how are you ?	oh , are you writing a book	yes , i write sci fi . do you enjoy reading ?	sometimes yes . i bike a lot so that takes up a lot of my time	that is nice . what do you do for work ?	i am a nurses aide , so i assist with elderly people .	wonderful . my parents both had wonderful aides before they passed .	i am sorry about your parents but that is great they had good care	where did you go to school ?	i went to a community college , where did you go ?	mit . i studied engineering but ended up pursuing authorship instead .
contra-0504	good evening . how are you ?	having a quiet evening at home with my cats . how are you ?	good eventide . how are you ?
contra-0505	good morning , it is beautiful today . do you swim to school ?	good morning to you ! no , i ice skate to college .	good morning , it is beautiful today . do you swim to school ?	good morning to you ! no , i ice skate to college .	i could not do that , i have a tail and live in a coral reef .	fun ! we must survive in totally different climates . i have been out fishing all day .
contra-0506	hi ! i love to party and jam to metallica . what are your hobbies ?	i enjoy spending time with my 3 girls not my ex though	hi ! i love to party and jam to metallica . what are your hobbies ?	i enjoy spending time with my 3 girls not my ex though	exes are bummers . i hang with my two brothers mostly . where did you grow up ?	i grew up in the last was . not sure what that means but it is true	sounds interesting , ha ! i come from wisconsin , lots of snow and cold for me ! i love it .	brr ! what do your parents do ? my dad was a firefighter and mom was a teacher	cool ! my mama was also a teacher , for 20 years ! did you follow suit ?
contra-0507	i am waiting on my pizza to get here and i am getting excited . how are you ?	i am excited that my girls finally all went to sleep so i can relax	i am waiting on my pizza to get here and i am getting excited . how are you ?	i am excited that my girls finally all went to sleep so i can loose
contra-0508	hey , tell me about yourself ?	i work out a lot ; i am a bodybuilder . how about you ?	hey , tell me about yourself ?	i work out a lot ; i am a bodybuilder . how about you ?	i love to read and cook . my wife and i are republicans and we have kids .	that is cool , i have got a brother but no kids yet .	what do you do for a living ?	just bodybuilding on youtube and stuff . what do you do ?	i am a teacher , it is a rewarding job .	what do you like to cook ? i love all kids of meat .	i make mostly vegetarian dishes but love steak .	yeah , my mom is a vegetarian . she works as a secretary .	what do you guys do for fun ?	well besides working out i love roller coasters . do you like them ?	the bigger the better ! metal ones are my favorite .	definitely ! have you ridden any hybrid metal and wood I ?
contra-0509	i am waiting on my pizza to get here and i am getting excited . how are you ?	i am excited that my girls finally all went to sleep so i can relax	i am waiting on my pizza to get here and i am getting excited . how are you ?	i am excited that my girls finally all went to sleep so i can relax	i tend to stutter when i get excited so i hope the cute chick is not delivering	maybe just smile and give a good tip if that happens	i never have time to relax . i wish i did but i am always on the go .	were you born in the late was like i was ?	i am not sure what you mean but i cant wait for this pizza , its my favorite	i do not know what i mean either . i know i love heart though	my mom owns a restaurant and i work there but we do not make pizza	you should start since you love it so much .	all 5 of my older sisters and my younger brother work there . its a family thing	oh nice . i wonder if my 3 girls would ever go into business with me	i meant 6 older sisters . they would be offended by me saying 5	haha . do they like heart songs ? heart is the best band	if you open a pizza place i am sure they will go in job with you
contra-0510	hello . how are you doing ?	i am pretty good just got home	hello . how are you doing ?	i am pretty good just got home	very cool . do you have any pets ? i have 3 2 cats and 1 dog .	no i work at a groomers tho they are like my favorites .
contra-0511	hi there , how are you today ?	i am great ! just got home from working with dogs all day !	hi there , how are you today ?	i am great ! just got home from working with dogs all day !	oh you have dogs ? i have two chow chow .	i love dogs ! i have dogs and i get to train them at work , too !	i wish i could take my dogs out . i just had a surgery not long ago .	i hope you feel better soon . what do you like to do for fun ?	i like to go hiking . you ?	i love to dance . and bake i love sweets !	i like to travel as well . i am going to budapest on an acting assignment .	how fun ! what a great place to take pictures !	i eat sardines every morning to keep my weight down , no sweets .	woah ! salty ! i bake every weekend , so luckily i work out regularly !	i am studying for my ged so i bring my books on the trade mill .	that sounds like hard work !	not really , the two hours hot yoga daily is a tough work .
contra-0512	hello , how are you today ?	hi , i m fine thanks , you ?	hello , how are you today ?	hi , i m fine thanks , you ?	pretty good . i am here with my fellow soldiers .	good , i love the army .	i joined the army right after high school .	i m old so i can t join them now , hope to retire soon	what kind of work do you do ?	accountant . sitting down hurts my left leg	sorry to hear that . are you in physical therapy ?	no . i ll ride some horses when it hurts , it helps .	there are a lot of soldiers who are into working out .	yes , but i don t tell this to many people , i usually keep it to myself	i am an angry person , so that sometimes drives them away .	do you have facial hair ? i love it when it grows	no , i have short hair . they are strict about how our fuzz must be .
contra-0513	hi what are you up to ? i am cooking eggs and bacon	hi , just finished a great work out . do you like swimming ?	hi what are you up to ? i am cooking eggs and bacon	hi , just finished a great work out . do you like swimming ?	i like to take my kids swimming while my husband works at his business	i have kids too ! we go swimming together every day .	so fun ! i like to cook for my family . how many kids do you have ?	3 kids and a great husband too . we live beside the sea .	i like to read when i visit the ocean . i want to have at least 5 kids
contra-0514	hi my name is john	hi john my name is marie , nice to meet you .	hi my name is john	hi bathroom my name is marie , nice to meet you .
contra-0515	hi , i work at fast food , what do you do for work ?	i am a work at home father and it is good ; especially since i became a dad .	hi , i work at fast food , what do you do for work ?	i am a work at home father and it is good ; especially since i became a dad .	good for you , i do not have a family , i am single and a worker	what kind of work do you do ?	fast food , i did not graduate high school so i do not have a good job	any job is a good job . you should be proud .	i suppose but i live in a small apartment in a low income place	the good thing is online courses can help you advance if you like .	no i like living in a small apartment and working in fast food , it gets me by	ok , well i wish my golden retriever named ginger and watching titanic again .
contra-0516	good evening , what is new with you ?	not much . i went to an amusement park today , you ?	good evening , what is new with you ?	not much . i went to an amusement park today , you ?	that sounds fun ! i got a new book about europe , i would love to travel there .	i would love that too . i have never even left maryland	i dream of walking through europe one day .	i want to ride every roller coaster in america	that would be awesome ! i would do that .	i just have to wait to be old enough . i am only 12	oh , i did not realize ! do you have a favorite food ? i like italian .	i wish pizza . that is italian , right ?
contra-0517	hey there like to workout ?	not really . i enjoy video games and reading mostly . do you workout ?	hey there wish to workout ?
contra-0518	hey there how are you ?	hello , i am doing great today what about you ?	hey there how are you ?	hello , i am doing great today what about you ?	i am well just tired , all the little ones in my class are busy	i am thinking about riding my bike tomorrow after work .	really ? cool have any pets ? i do .	i volunteered today at the homeless shelter . i like helping others .	that is sweet of you , i just got out of college 2 years ago	wow , just 2 dayses ago , i have grown children that have completed college
contra-0519	hello , how are you tonight ? i just got off work .	cool , doing well . where do you work ?	hello , how are you tonight ? i just got off work .	cool , doing well . where do you work ?	i am a maternity nurse , it is awesome . you ?	just sitting here watching lord of the rings for the 5th time this month	i have never seen it , nor read the books .	what shift do you work in maternity ? could be some great fantasy come out that department !	i work swing shifts . it is a great job .	books better than movies but a superb job here . how long are your shifts ?	i work 12 hour shifts . it is hard , but rewarding .	anything crazy happen there today ? baby ork or anything ?	i do not know , i was off today .	just got off work a day ago ? or are we in a time loop ?	i work weird breaks , and have only had four days off in a month .
contra-0520	hi how are you doing	very good , how are you today ?	hi how are you doing	very good , how are you today ?	i am good just made breakfast	yummy ! i love to cook , but that makes me unhappy about my weight	oh that is too bad you should find some yummy healthy recipes	yes i should , but my three kids like junk food lol	haha of course they do maybe sneak in healthy things in their dinner	it is hard to eat together , since i work days and my husband works overnights	oh wow that sounds like a busy schedule	do you have any pets ? we have cats , which we love	no but i want to get a dog	that would be nice , i love dogs too .	yeah they are really great but can sometimes be a lot of oeuvre
contra-0521	hi , merna here . single , 32 and scared of dogs . you ?	dave , 40 . college biology professor	hi , merna here . single , 32 and scared of dogs . you ?	dave , 40 . college biology prof
contra-0522	hello there , how are you ?	hi there ! i am well , and you ?	hello there , how are you ?	hi there ! i am well , and you ?	i am doing just fine . studying for a test i have coming up .	ooh what sort of test ? i want to go to school to be a chef	for intro to law . i want to be a lawyer when i graduate .	very cool . do you like books ? i love romance ones . . . movies too	yeah . that is where i got my love of travel from actually .	oh cool ! whats your favorite place to jaunt ?
contra-0523	hi how are you today ?	hello . i am good , and you ?
contra-0524	hello , how was your day ?	it was good , i got took a nice hike in the mountains near my house	hello , how was your day ?	it was good , i got took a nice hike in the mountains near my house	i have always thought i was too short to go on hikes	nonsense , no ones too short to hike	light people are always having trouble keeping up with taller people
contra-0525	hey there whats for dinner for you ? i want pizza	i am cooking s vegan tuscan pasta tonight !	hey there whats for dinner for you ? i want pizza	i am cooking s vegan tuscan pasta tonight !	i love going to my moms restaurant for pizza its soooo good	i love pizza too but i cook it myself since i enjoy cooking . do you work ?	i do not work really i am the youngest of 6 but older then 1	oh cool ! i do not work right now . . i am on disability . . just had a baby !	i am so excited , my mom hates it lol	haha what kind of music do you enjoy ? i like country !	i kind of stutter when i am geeked lol an yes i like it all	whats geeked ? i like everything except gospel	i love to read especially romantic books	sounds boring . i hate to take it sucks
contra-0526	hi , how are you doing tonight ?	i am tired an single	hi , how are you doing tonight ?	i am tired an single	i am tired too with taking care of my three daughters and being divorced .	why is that ? i am a nurse	being a individual mom can be exhausting . that is a good job .
contra-0527	hi there ! where are you from ?	mississippi . best jazz around ! how about you ?	hi there ! where are you from ?	mississippi . best jazz around ! how about you ?	california ! not much jazz around here though !	i was just there for a vintage car show . nice state !	my best friend eve 9000 and i like machine shows sometimes !
contra-0528	hey , want to go play some frisbee with me ? ? ?	sure , sounds fun . what is your name ?	hey , want to go play some frisbee with me ? ? ?	sure , sounds fun . what is your name ?	it is a secret . i might tell you , over breakfast .	well , i do love a good adventure , sounds fun	i eat sardines for breakfast	i usually enjoy cereal in the morning with my girlfriend	well , you are going to be eating sardines with me for now on	i think i can live with that	i have some pretty big doggies . they will love you as much as i do .	i am a law student with lots of homework , they can snuggle with me while studying	oh , that is really fancy . i do not have a high school education .	do not worry , when i am a lawyer i will make lots of money for us	thank you , i know you . i cannot wait to buy new frisbees together .
contra-0529	hello . i just got off work at a warehouse .	sounds exhausting ! i admire your ability to do manual labor !	hello . i just got off work at a warehouse .	sounds exhausting ! i admire your ability to do manual labor !	actually i drive a forklift . i lift weights to stay in shape .	i prefer home workouts , but mostly just workin this pizza lol	i love pizza ! i eat it while i watch scary movies .	spooky movies give me the heebie jeebies and my dogs just bark at the scary times lol	barbecue is my favorite food	heck yeah ! the guys love when i bring barbeque to sunday football !
contra-0530	hi , i am a body builder . do you like sports ?	no , i am too busy working two part time jobs .	hi , i am a body builder . do you like sports ?	no , i am too busy working two part time occupations .
contra-0531	hey there how are you ?	not bad its a beautiful night in california and you ?	hey there how are you ?	not bad its a beautiful night in california and you ?	it is pretty cold here , like body builders ?	yes they are fairly cool
contra-0532	howdy how are we doing tonight i am fine what about your self ?	i am good , just hanging out	howdy how are we doing tonight i am fine what about your self ?	i am good , just hanging out	one of the foods i like is nasty sushi cool me to hang out .	i like anything blue that is why i have blue hair	love being a vegan blue hair me too that is so cool .	awesome ! ! ! i need to try a vegan lifestyle	i enjoy working out yes try it some day great for the body .	i am into cosplay . i am a pretty scrawny kid	i love hearing the rap hip hop music love dancing you seem somewhat .
contra-0533	i just finished spending time with my children three girls	sweet ! i just finished skating . that is my job , to do tricks on my skateboard .	i just finished spending meter with my children three girls
contra-0534	hello ! how are you tonight ?	howdy ! very well , and yourself ?
contra-0535	hello there , i am writing from a island faraway where i live .	that is awesome ! i have traveled and gone to school faraway too !	hello there , i am writing from a island faraway where i live .	that is awesome ! i have traveled and gone to school faraway too !	where was your school ? i am a romance novel writer and an introvert .	must not be too introverted to talk to me ! new zealand .	beautiful place . my two cats keep me company as i write .	a writer ? me too ! but i got a job in advertising last year .	sometimes i venture out and speak with new people . only from my computer .	i do not talk to a lot of multitudes either . still have my best friend from kindergarten .
contra-0536	hello . how are you tonight ? i am just doing a bit of web design .	i am good , just lifting weights	hello . how are you tonight ? i am just doing a bit of web design .	i am good , just lifting weights	pretty talented to lift and type at the same time . i can be a canadian .	absolutely . . i am a professional body builder so i can multitask a lot	i did not multitasking was a consistence building thing . i love to drink iced tea .
contra-0537	hi , i was a geology teacher awhile ago , please tell me something interesting about you	hey there what you up too	hi , i was a geology teacher awhile ago , please tell me something interesting about you	hey there what you up too	nothing much , i just got done finishing arctic exploring , ice fishing and stuff	cool , my mom had a hard job as a army nurse	is she still working there ?	no thank god , i kind of got a cat it was a stray	is that your passions kat ? i like to find long lost arctic explorers
contra-0538	hello . how are you doing today ?	doing well ! washing dishes after work . what about you ?	hello . how are you doing today ?	doing well ! washing dishes after work . what about you ?	thankfully not doing that ! my best friend does those . he is a robot .	can not say that i have a robot friend ! would help at my job though .	i do not work . i am in school homeschooled , actually .	so you get to learn while in pajamas ! neat !	indeed ! where are you from ? i am from california .	nebraska . so there is not much to do here . i enjoy bird hunting here .	do you bird hunt a lot ?	only when my company does not have me repairing properties , yes !	you have got to love that work !	i do . been doing it my whole life .	fantastic ! what are your hobbies ? my love is to cosplay .	well , fishing as well ! except i am not allowed to eat shellfish	why can you not feed shellfish ?
contra-0539	do not you just love the fall ? i do !	hi ! ! ! ! ! ! fall is my favorite i love pumpkin spice lattes	do not you just love the fall ? i do !	hi ! ! ! ! ! ! descend is my favorite i love pumpkin spice lattes
contra-0540	hi how are you today	hello ! i am fine and you ?	hi how are you today	hello ! i am fine and you ?	pretty good where do you live	i live in connecticut . you ?	i live with my friend what do you do	i am looking for a job as i finished with college . you ?	what did you do in college ?	my major was for business administration . do you study ?	i do , i love doing designs with graphics .	wow that is really a tough thing to do .	yeah do you ever eat meat	yes i love meat , but mostly i prefer chicken .	do you also eat veggies ?	yes they are very healthy .	me too do you like music ?	yes i always listen music i am addicted to it . do you care it ?
contra-0541	hello there . where are you from ?	i am from california , but soon i am moving to ny	hello there . where are you from ?	i am from california , but soon i am going to ny
contra-0542	hey whats up ? i just got home from the gym .	right now i am attending school . i like msic .	hey whats up ? i just got home from the gym .	right now i am attending school . i like msic .	awesome bro . i quite school to work and earn money .	my family consists of 4 , myself , one sibling , and 2 parents .	i hate families . i prefer to be alone .	i am short at 5 ft tall . how about you ?	i am 5 foot and 6 in tall . i weigh 220 pounds and its all muscle .
contra-0543	hello , how are you tonight ?	doing well , just listening to some bach . yourself ?	hello , how are you tonight ?	doing well , just listening to some bach . yourself ?	waiting for my sister to come home so we can go shopping .	i thought about going out tonight , but the insects are bad , and i hate them .	me too . a man had spider bites when i was interning in the er .	are you a doctor , i work as an engineer in the army .	i am a registered nurse . i am so excited for my first job .	that sounds exciting . do you know any languages , i only know english .	same here . only english . my sister speaks russian .	i would like to learn japanese . and visit there someday . anywhere you would like to go ?	anywhere . everywhere . but first , cuba .	are you from cuba ?	no , i am not . i am from ohio .	maybe not as exciting , but at least you see snow .	i hate snowfall . i hate being cold . i cannot wait to move south .
contra-0544	hi ! do you enjoy walking ? i am going out for a walk in my garden	i do enjoy walking ! i love to put my headphones on and walk around .	hi ! do you enjoy walking ? i am going out for a walk in my garden	i do enjoy walking ! i love to put my headphones on and walk around .	my college students always have headphones in . drives me nuts !	music is my bread and butter , i like surrounding myself with music . what do you teach ?	biology is my subject . it is fascinating	wow , that is cool , you must be very smart . i work at petsmart right now	i gained a lot of knowledge during my travels through europe	what is your favorite place to visit in europe ?	italy , austria , switzerland , france , germany , poland , so many !	my father was chief of police in France , i have been there a lot !
contra-0545	hello , how are you ? do you play poke ?	hi . i am doing great thanks for asking . i do play poker sometimes .	hello , how are you ? do you play poke ?	hi . i am doing great thanks for asking . i do play poker sometimes .	it is so relaxing , i am stressed from college . running does not always help relieve it .	sorry to hear . i walk a lot since i hike in the nature . do you hike ?	i do , i turn up ed sheeran on my ipod and go to my favorite waterfall .	do you know how to draw ? i do not . i want to learn how .	i do not . my niece , 14 , is a great artist already .	that is cool . do you like reading ? i do . mainly a lot of poetry .	i do , i read a bunch as i am going to school for teaching .
contra-0546	good evening ! how are you	i am good i am eating pizza which is the best food	good evening ! how are you	i am good i am eating pizza which is the best food	that sounds yummy . i am getting ready for bed	i am also i have a big family 6 sisters and one brother	i do not have any family . just my new cat	i work for my moms restaurant part time what do you do ?	i make clothing , i make all my own clothes and also sell some	cool i wish i could do that . i stutter when i get excited with things	you should try singing . i sing folk music .	good idea . i like to read romances about paranormal things	that is a very specific interest	do you like to watch movies ?	not really . i like listening to music more	cool what kind of music do you like ?	mostly that folk music , some jazz and country too	cool i like most medicine but usually country
contra-0547	hey there how are you today ?	i am good . you ? what do you do for a living ?	hey there how are you today ?	i am good . you ? what do you do for a living ?	i am in the stock market industry	i used to by a geology teacher . now , i go arctic exploring . ice is interesting .	how about yourself ? i miss my old folks .	i am in search for lost explorers . i want to help them to go home .	really ? where are you looking at ?	north pole . it is where i learn to ice fish and hunt polar bears to eat .	cool , any pets i have 1 , charlie .	i have a husky . he is my true companion in the harsh cold weather .	i bet ! whats your favorite food ?	i really lack a bowl of spaghetti and meatballs . yours ?
contra-0548	hi how are you doing	great ! just coding for apple . and drinking an iced tea	hi how are you doing	great ! just coding for apple . and drinking an iced tea	that sound good , i just had a cold pepsi	eh ! iced tea with home grown canada syrup delicious	keen i will try that some time
contra-0549	hi . my name is lottie . i am a real estate agent . what do you do ?	hi , you like purple ? i love it . tracy here and i love pizza . you ?	hi . my name is lottie . i am a real estate agent . what do you do ?	hi , you like purple ? i love it . tracy here and i love pizza . you ?	my passion is preserving the environment . i sell houses for money , though .	good for you ! i am a rn . catholic and love one tree hill .	i have two children and i tend to be drawn to agnosticism .	great ! i see many things at the hospital i work . real estate business good ?	business is good for now . but the duck in office might change that .	hmmm . my uniform is purple . i like chicken sausage pizza . you ?	how fortunate that you got the color you like for your nurse uniform .	lucky me . we cook duck where i live . you ever tasted duck ?	orange peking duck is best .	have you tried it with plum sauce ? you have two boys or two girls .	i do not think i have tried it that way . i have two little sons .
contra-0550	hi ! do you like dogs ? i have a great dane	hey there how are you today ? yes i like dogs	hi ! do you like dogs ? i have a great dane	hey there how are you today ? yes i like dogs	awesome ! i am good . what do you like to eat ?	i like to deplete vegetables an beans
contra-0551	hi there , how are you ?	hey ! i am great , thanks for asking . how are you ?	hi there , how are you ?	hey ! i am great , thanks for asking . how are you ?	doing good . just got in from work . sales can be rough	oh that does sound rough , i want to do fashion .	that sounds cool . i sometimes do graphic design for fashion .	that sounds awesome ! that is what i want to do . fashion design .	its just a hobby of mine really . you like the band , rush ?	i have never listened to them . i prefered pop growing up .	that is all they played last week at my friends wedding .	ah . i see . my best friend stole my boyfriend . . .	i am so sorry to hear that !	its no big deal . its in the past . it was high school .	OH i see . i went through a vegan phase in high school . back to being omnivore now
contra-0552	hey there are you allergic to dogs ? i am to cats	no that would suck i love dogs	hey there are you allergic to dogs ? i am to cats	no that would suck i love dogs	i love dogs not cats so it is cool , my town is small , you ?	well i am a real estate agent so i am always moving	gotcha that is nice , i love early mornings	it is nice , i am 34 and still wake up every morning to watch the sun rise	that is really decent , like homemade things ?
contra-0553	hi there how are you tonight ?	oh i m going to see a romantic movie are you seeing me like romance books to	hi there how are you tonight ?	oh i m going to see a romantic movie are you seeing me like romance books to	i am not much into romance . i am a more a nature lover	they change the game but i don t really like barnes i m scared of them	do you like cat or dogs	i am scared to be around with dogs	mine are so gentle they work with kids	hey i always wanted to be a chef	food ! tell me more lol	yes i like experimenting i m already 32	you have plenty of time . my parents are teachers	i m still in marion so i do a lot of stuff	i do a bunch of hunting
contra-0554	hi how are you today	hi . i am good . i am from new york city . where do you live ?	hi how are you today	hi . i am good . i am from new york city . where do you live ?	i live with my parents . do you work ?	yeah . modeling . keeps me single . i travel too much . how about you ?	i am a nurse which also keeps me single too	that is an important job . stressful though . what do you do in your spare time ?	i ride my bike around mostly	healthy hobby . i practice acting , hoping to some day get my big break .	sounds like fun do you have siblings ?	no , i am a bit of a loaner . do you have siblings ?
contra-0555	hello , i am a author of science fiction novels .	that is cool . i enjoy painting but my day job is at a research center	hello , i am a author of science fiction novels .	that is cool . i enjoy painting but my day job is at a research center	i got my bachelors in engineering from mit .	you are so smart !	thank you ! are you married or have kids ?	i am not . i would not want my webbed toes to be passed on to kids	haha i am not married or have kids either . are your parents still alive ?	i do not know . we are not in touch .	wow . my parents died two years ago . what are you most afraid of ?	i am afraid of people getting mad when i take their trash for my art . you ?	you are a artist ? i get creeped out by snakes and spiders .	hobby artist . i clean animal cages for a living so they do not scare me	why would they scare you ?	they do not pall me
contra-0556	hey i love sardines for breakfast , do you ?	hi , i do not like sardines at any time of the day !	hey i love sardines for breakfast , do you ?
contra-0557	hello there ! how are you ?	i am doing well . i am taking a break at work i am a factory worker .	hello there ! how are you ?	i am doing well . i am taking a break at work i am a factory worker .	i am playing a video game at the moment . how long is your break ?	about 30 minutes . i like football video games . my favorite team is the buckeyes .	i like playing final fantasy .	i played the two on super nes when i was younger . do you exercise ?	i dance a lot ! that is my exercise !	my friend wants me to go swimming at the gym pool , but i am scared of water .	i would help you if i could , but i am too shy .	the only person that can help me is me . do you have other hobbies ?	you are right . i like programming . i have a degree in computer science . you ?	i am passionate about gardening . i am growing a bunch of vegetables .	cool ! what kind of veggies ?	carrots , celery , tomatoes even though those are really fruits .	i say tomatoes are fruity veggies !
contra-0558	hello , i am a sports nut , just love soccer , and you ?	i like playing sports like racquetball , but not watching so much .	hello , i am a sports nut , just love soccer , and you ?	i like playing sports like racquetball , but not watching so much .	i am a tv sports addict , unfortunately my fiancee hates sports . could be a problem .	my fiance is into hard rock , i like oldies , but we make it work .	i was the high school jock who did everything , then no sports in college .	they played in the school band . do you play any instruments ?	nope , neurosurgeon , no music , i focused on school so i could graduate with honors .	i should have ! i slacked off ended up being a administrative assistant . do you have kids ?	i like to polka , its fun and my fiancee and i get lots of exercise .	i am going to have a polka band fun when i retire in 5 years !
contra-0559	hi ! how are you ? what are you doing right now ?	hey , i am great . other than recovering from surgery . how are you ?	hi ! how are you ? what are you doing right now ?	hey , i am great . other than recovering from surgery . how are you ?	oh no ! what happened ? i am taking a break from driving .	i tore up my knee playing frisbee with my 2 dogs . where are you driving to ?	i am driving a load to chicago . sorry about your genu . how is your recovery ?
contra-0560	hello there my new friend	hello , what have you been doing ?	hello there my new friend	hello , what have you been doing ?	well lately i have been getting ready for ski season up on the mountain	how exciting , i just got home from walking my dog	that is awesome ! i have two dogs and some cats , how do you feel about cats	i like them , but i only have a dog , because my sister is allergic to cats .	that kinda sucks , guys can be a handful but i still love them
contra-0561	hi i am passionate about animals and zoos , what do you like ?	i am passionate about carpentry . do you have any children ?	hi i am passionate about animals and zoos , what do you like ?	i am passionate about carpentry . do you have any children ?	yes , one , but i do not have much time between my job and volunteer work	must be tough to have all of that going on at once .	yes , but my large collection of teddy bears helps me cope	well you got to do what you have got to do .	what do you do for work ?	i am not a people person , so i just focus on my home business designing cabinets .	have you made green cabinets ? that is my favorite color !	i cannot say that i have . . .	i guess , that would not be the best idea , but i would sure like it	huh . do you play poker ?	no , i do not gamble , are you good at it ?	i am probably just your average player . but it serves me cope with my drinking cravings .
contra-0562	hello , how are you doing today ?	doing well . i live in ohio and my job is in a factory . you ?	hello , how are you doing today ?	doing well . i live in ohio and my job is in a factory . you ?	i am working in an animal shelter . cleaning kennels is no fun .	i hear ya . i get dirty working in my garden .	the animals can actually be better company then most people i know though	true . i love my cat . she has a purple litter box .	does she make you happy ? i am crabby a lot of the time .	she does . she sits with me when i watch the buckeyes on tv .	i am happy listening to my favorite band , simple plan . do you have one ?	i like simple plan as well .	cool ! do you have a big family ?	no , it is just me . been busy as of late .	i see . i have a few but close to my boss niece .	that is coolheaded . is she a good girl .
contra-0563	how are you i play music for a living	i love music ! i also love horses	how are you i play music for a living	i love music ! i also love horses	i like riding horses . i love to go running also	i do not . i would get sweaty	its good for your health . i love the band nirvana they are my favorite	i listen to pop music	my dad used to be a police officer	my dad owns a car dealership across town	cool do you get free cars ?	no but i get a discount	cool . do you like movies ?	i mostly wish to hang out on the beach
contra-0564	how is this lovely evening treating you ?	it is awesome . how are you ?	how is this lovely evening treating you ?	it is awesome . how are you ?	doing well , feet a little tired after showing 4 houses in the last 2 hours !	that does sound exhausting ! i have been outside with my brothers shoveling the driveway !	snow will be the death of me ! wish i could move back to mississippi	i have never been there ! i love the Snow though . it keeps me happy and busy .
contra-0565	i just ate a mango and now i need to go to the hospital .	are you allergic ? dogs give me bad allergies .	i just ate a mango and now i need to go to the hospital .	are you allergic ? dogs give me bad allergies .	yes , but i am a bit dramatic . sometimes i use an english accent for fun .	my mother use to have an english emphasis she left when i was 5
contra-0566	good evening , how are you tonight ?	i am doing well . i am relaxing before bed . i work in the morning .	good evening , how are you tonight ?	i am doing well . i am relaxing before bed . i work in the morning .	i am a model so i keep crazy hours . what do you do ?	i am an engineer . i got my degree from mit . are you single ?	yes single . do you hobbies ?	i am single as well with no children . i like to travel .	i like to ice skate , roller skate and surf .	i want to visit a rain forest , but spiders and snakes scare me .	i am moving to new york soon . little scared of the crowd .	i grew up in new York . i moved away when my parents died two years ago .
contra-0567	hello . how are you tonight ? i am just doing a bit of web design .	i am good , just lifting weights	hello . how are you tonight ? i am just doing a bit of web design .	i am good , just lifting weights	pretty talented to lift and type at the same time . i can be a canadian .	absolutely . . i am a professional body builder so i can multitask a lot	i did not multitasking was a soundbox building thing . i love to drink iced tea .
contra-0568	hey there how are you now ?	great spending time with my dog charlie he is a hoot	hey there how are you now ?	great spending time with my dog charlie he is a hoot	got any kids ? i do 2 sons .	no kids just brothers and sisters	i am in school to learn how to do hair	neat i follow the stock market carefully since becoming a stock broker	oh okay i have kids , 2 sons	i plan on visiting australia since my parents live there its beautiful	that is really dope , like fish ?	yes very much i make an awesome eggplant parmigiana my fave	i want to try it like vintage things ?	yes i love vintage things so artsy
contra-0569	hello , how are you tonight ? i just got off work .	cool , doing well . where do you work ?	hello , how are you tonight ? i just got off work .	cool , doing well . where do you work ?	i am a maternity nurse , it is awesome . you ?	just sitting here watching lord of the rings for the 5th time this month	i have never seen it , nor read the books .	what shift do you work in maternity ? could be some great fantasy come out that department !	i work swing shifts . it is a neat job .
contra-0570	hello , how is it going ?	hi , i love riding horses on the beach . you ?	hello , how is it going ?	hi , i love riding horses on the beach . you ?	oh , i m just a simple cat person	oh okay . my has his own car store . you have any friends ?	my husband is my best friend , but he works nights	you on a diet ? i am . beaches are fun .	how did you know ? i am trying so hard to lose weight	food is just like drugs . you have to say no !	yeah , sadly i am not very good at saying no . i m even a good cook	therein lies the problem . i ride horses to exercise . you exercise ?	i try to go to the gym every once in a while	oh okay . my dad sells cars . you need a car ?	well , my cat could use a new limo . have any limos ?	he does sell funeral service limos .
contra-0571	hello hope you are enjoying your autumn so far	hello how are you ? i currently go to college what about you ?	hi hope you are enjoying your autumn so far
contra-0572	hello , how are you ? do you play poke ?	hi . i am doing great thanks for asking . i do play poker sometimes .	hello , how are you ? do you play poke ?	hi . i am doing great thanks for asking . i do play poker sometimes .	it is so relaxing , i am stressed from college . running does not always help relieve it .	sorry to hear . i walk a lot since i hike in the nature . do you hike ?	i do , i turn up ed sheeran on my ipod and go to my favorite waterfall .	do you know how to draw ? i do not . i want to learn how .	i do not . my niece , 14 , is a great artist already .	that is cool . do you like reading ? i do . mainly a lot of poetry .	i do , i read a lot as i am going to school for teaching .	how about collections do you have one ? mine is weird stickers .	seashells and beach glass . also , driftwood .	nice ! do you like to try different foods ? i will try at least once .	i do ! i recently tried lobster and squid . i loved both .	that is great , i love seafood myself . what is your favorite drink ?	i love coke . i do not salute alcohol
contra-0573	hi . how are you tonight ?	i am well focused on fantasy you ?	hi . how are you tonight ?	i am well focused on fantasy you ?	good . binge watching one tree hill , waiting on a pizza delivery after a long day	like lord of the rings ?	i love it . we watch it a lot at the pediatric hospital i work at .	cool , i binge watch it	that earns you a gold sticker on your chart for the day	what does lol i have 2 jobs like this , you ?	i work at a pediatric hospital as an rn . i give out stickers for good behaviour .	i want to write books myself	what is your favourite book ? i really liked the colour purple .	you must not be interested no i want to write about fancy
contra-0574	hello , how are you ? my cats and dog are fine .	i am doing alright , buti really wish i had kids . .	hello , how are you ? my cats and dog are fine .	i am doing alright , buti really wish i had kids . .	i do not have kids either , i have a diet company .	oh okay cool i want to be a fashion designer !	i read plays , and write cookbooks . i love fashion .	sounds fun . . my parents were never around while i was young	mine were always in the gym , still are . i grew up on a treadmill .	oh okay . . i was locked up for stealing once . . ever gone to jail ?	no , i am dating an officer . you can not break laws when dating them .	makes sense . i never had any direction	it is never too late to start turning your life around .	that is why i am trying to pursue a career in way
contra-0575	good evening . how are you ?	having a quiet evening at home with my cats . how are you ?	good evening . how are you ?	having a quiet evening at home with my cats . how are you ?	doing the same . listening to some country music .	i love country music ! the stories always give me ideas for writing .	i knit hats for infants at the hospital so i play country music a lot .	sounds like a very cozy life . do you like restaurants ?	i do . i am vegan so its hard to order . i love cooking at home tho .	there are no vegan restaurants on the island where i live .	where do you know at ?
contra-0576	hi , my name is mindi . i am a tae kwan do champion	wow impressive ! are you single ? looking for my next wife	hi , my name is mindi . i am a tae kwan do champion	wow impressive ! are you single ? looking for my next wife	if you want to wait 12 years . . . look me up then . i just turned 12	oh dear , that is not good . well how are you today	i am looking forward to the carnival coming to town so i can ride the rollercoaster	yes that sounds fun . do you know anything about civil war antiques	sure civil war antiques are guys that play chess in the park , right ?	you have a sense of humor ! well i suppose they could be , yes .	my dad teaches tae kwan do , but my mom teaches history	interesting they are both teachers . i style dog hair at a pet store	no way ! who would pay to have their dog get a bouffant . send me five bucks	well plenty of people do . one guy even wanted a mohawk on his terrier	i wish i could get out of my town . where do you live	i live in usa but i pretend to have a british accent	awesome i live in cornwall and profess to have a french accent
contra-0577	hello , how are you this evening ?	i am doing great . just watching a movie .	hello , how are you this evening ?	i am doing great . just watching a movie .	that is fun ! where did you work in high school ? i worked at hollister .	i worked at dairy queen . i am in school now .	ah , cool . i skate for a living .	what kind of skating do you do ?	skateboarding . i like to play music for fun . my genre is bluegrass .	i used to skateboard . now i just study and play video games .	those are fun activities . do you like chips ? i cannot stand them .	i love chips so much . what food do you like ?	i like pizza . it is very good !	i care pizza too . the sauce is the best part .
contra-0578	hello , how is your day going	hi . my day is good . i am hanging out with both of my sons .	hello , how is your day going	hi . my day is good . i am hanging out with both of my sons .	cool , sounds like fun . just as much fun as cross stitch and quilts	i love those crafts ! right now i am into my aquarium filled with exotic fish .	i am what you would call a baby boomer , explains the quilting passion	you might care my collection of decorations . they are 50s vintage !
contra-0579	hello , how are you this evening ?	great just working at pet smart	hello , how are you this evening ?	great just working at pet smart	i do not have any pets , all of that hair would get all over my quilts .	when i get off i am going to go running and listen to nirvana the greatest band ever	i like nirvana . are you in the military ?	then i might do some musician work on the guitar	my father was in the korean war , we are a patriotic family .	what did your father do mine was a police officer	mine was an officeholder in the military . my husband is an officer .
contra-0580	hey , do you want to see a photo of my fur babies ?	are they horses ? i love horses .	hey , do you want to see a photo of my fur babies ?	are they horses ? i love horses .	nah , doggies and kitties . how about some photos of my grandbabies ?	that would be great , how many do you have ?	i have six . they are all old now . they give me money though .	that is wonderful , what do you like to do in your spare time ?	i ride my bike a lot , when i am not working .	i like to put on so older john denver and workout myself .
contra-0581	hi , i am 20 years old and i am a guy , who are you ?	i am a 19 year old girl studying fashion design	hi , i am 20 years old and i am a guy , who are you ?	i am a 19 year old girl studying fashion design	nice i am in the army and i am in south korea now	my parents are army , and were never home , how long have you been there ?	fir years , i am naturally a violent person , i hope we have a nuclear war	i have been arrested for theft , but no violence	i was violent in puerto rico , that where i was born	so pro nuke but from puerto rico , any thoughts on potus ?	i do not know , i only have one thing in mind and that is north korea .	N korea it makes wonder if it is smart to have children , i want to
contra-0582	hello there how are you today	i am wonderful . i just finished my book . how are you ?	hello there how are you today	i am wonderful . i just finished my volume . how are you ?
contra-0583	hello , how are you doing today ?	hello , i am well . how are you ?	hello , how are you doing today ?	hello , i am well . how are you ?	i am doing well . it is a lovely night in texas .	have you always lived there ? it seems like nice place , very patriotic .	for twenty eight years . that is how old i am . where are you from ?	i live in the mid west now . we moved a lot .	do you play second life ? i am online a lot of my time .	no , i mostly enjoy needle crafts . do you play other online games ?	not really . is it cold in the midwest ? my fur does not bode well here .	its not too cold , yet . fur ?	yes , i am somewhat furry . hairy , if you will .	that must be warm in texas . what color is your pelt ?
contra-0584	hey there w are you ?	pretty good . my three daughters and i just saw heart in concert .	hey there w are you ?	pretty good . my three daughters and i just saw heart in concert .	i despise cats , so devilish .	that is funny . mine just caught a mole today , it was yucky .	i can not stand my dad ugh	oh , my , you seem like you are having a bad day . need a hug ?	ugh , i love some good fried onions	i can not keep up with how fast you keep changing topics . need an onion ?	no i am having a awesome day !	oh , i thought you were taking your anger out on cats and your dad .	sounds slightly personal , in the hospital where i work topics change	oh , you are use to fast paced conversations like my firefighter father does .	no lol there is no angriness here .
contra-0585	hi ! how are you tonight ?	hi ! i am joanna and i love scary horror movies .	hi ! how are you tonight ?	hi ! i am joanna and i love scarey horror movies .
contra-0586	hi , how are you today ?	good , i am in sales , what do you do for your work ?	hi , how are you today ?	good , i am in sales , what do you do for your study ?
contra-0587	hi , tell me about yourself .	i have a pet turtle that i love ! his name is timothy	hi , tell me about yourself .	i have a pet turtle that i love ! his name is timothy	that is cool . i like fantasy videogames . do you play any ?	not really . i like hanging out with people in person	ah . well i am pretty shy so i do not go out with people much .	i understand . i love autumn , how about you ?	yeah , i am from the south so its nice when it cools off for a while .	definitely . my parents went away to bora bora for a while .	oh cool ! my mom is a doctor so my parents travel a lot .
contra-0588	hey there how is it going	hi . not too bad . how about you	hey there how is it going	hi . not too bad . how about you	i am having a great day	glad to hear it . do you like dogs ?	i prefer horses over dogs	yeah dogs scare me . i choose horses too
contra-0589	hi how are you doing	hey there . how is it going ?	hi how are you doing	hey there . how is it going ?	i am good just starting out the day	have you read about pablo escobar ? i love reading biographies .	i have not read a lot about him	you should ! just read a book this weekend at my brothers wedding .	wait you read a book at your brothers wedding that is funny	yeah . i have weddings . i do love playing board games though .	those are fun have not played one in a while	sad . you like cats ? i have one pet called arizona .	i do like cats how old is yours	three . do you have a cat or dog ?	i do not have any pets right now	ok . so what do you do for sport ?
contra-0590	good morning , how are you ?	i am fine . i am on a break at work .	good morning , how are you ?	i am fine . i am on a break at oeuvre .
contra-0591	hi there how is ir going	getting ready for bed it is almost 900 here . what are you doing ?	hi there how is ir going	getting ready for bed it is almost 900 here . what are you doing ?	1030 here amd just finished practicing i am in a band	i used to play the drums back in my day . what do you play ?	i work guitar and lead singer
contra-0592	hi i am mindy how are you tonight ?	hi i am george . doing well , just got done lifting .	hi i am mindy how are you tonight ?	hi i am george . doing well , just got done lifting .	oh sweet i just got my kids to bed	i just put my little sister to bed too . how old are your kids ?	2 5 and 7 luckily i am a good cook	i am a body builder so i am constantly eating .	i need to start a diet but its so hard	i would love to help . limit your food and dance to tim mcgraw !	do you have any pets ? i want a cat but cant have one in apartment	no , if i could have one i would name him teddy after theodore roosevelt .	cute name do you have a spouse mine works opposite shift of me	i do not actually , but i am looking . where do you work ?	we bring at the polaris factory
contra-0593	hi , how are you tonight ?	doing pretty good . spent most the night at church . you ?	hi , how are you tonight ?	doing pretty good . spent most the night at church . you ?	i was home knitting things for kids in the hospital	well that is just too sweet . how did you get involved in that ?	i am disabled so i can not work but wanted to do something meaningful	that is such a touching story . most people would not be as generous as you .	i like to think it is still good people . what do you do ?	me too ! i help build houses . it is a family business .	awesome ! ! ! i would love a wheelchair accessible house	really ? i have built a couple of those myself . not difficult at all !	i love to cook so i would like a lower countertop and stove	those actually are not too hard to accommodate for and can be cost effective sometimes .	you make it sound so simple lol	it is what i do every day . except sundays . that day is for the lord .	absolutely . the lord deserves his time .	i agree . things would be a lot better in this country if people put god first .	yes . immortal is able to do great things for people who have faith .
contra-0594	hi how are you today	hello ! i am fine and you ?	hi how are you today	hello ! i am fine and you ?	pretty good where do you live	i live in connecticut . you ?	i live with my friend what do you do	i am looking for a job as i finished with college . you ?	what did you do in college ?	my major was for business administration . do you study ?	i do , i love doing designs with graphics .	wow that is really a tough thing to do .	yeah do you ever eat meat	yes i love meat , but mostly i prefer chicken .	do you also eat veggies ?	yes they are very healthy .	me too do you like music ?	yes i always listen music i am addicted to it . do you wish it ?
contra-0595	hi how are you today	i am fine thank you , how about u ?	hi how are you today	i am fine thank you , how about u ?	good where do you work	i am from new york , you ?	i live in ohio that is cool	my workplace is science fiction author , you ?
contra-0596	hi , i consider myself to be a democrat , what is your political affiliation ?	hello , i am a surfer in florida with four kids , do you have any ?	hi , i consider myself to be a democrat , what is your political affiliation ?	hello , i am a surfer in florida with four kids , do you have any ?	no , i mostly care a lot about politics , i care about it a lot	i do not pay attention to governments , only my kids and my gym time .
contra-0597	hello , how are you tonight ?	hey ! bored waiting to go to my boring job . how are you ?	hello , how are you tonight ?	hey ! bored waiting to go to my boring job . how are you ?	hello , i am okay . watching the lord of the rings .	you like that movie ? that sounds way better than going to mcdonalds for 8 hours .	i do , it is my favorite . i feel you , i have two part time jobs .	yeah doing what ? hard to live on your on with no support from parents .	i work retail and i also wait tables .	i bet that keeps you busy . i am trying to find a new job but its tough .	it is , i am hearing as well .
contra-0598	hi i am eating my favorite beef jerky . how are you ?	hello doing good just listening to music	hi i am eating my favorite beef jerky . how are you ?	hello doing good just listening to music	they say we should not eat meat but its ok , i am a doctor	i wish there was a pill to make me taller . i am only five feet .	eat a lot of meat like i do . it will make you taller
contra-0599	hey do you like dancing ?	love it . that is the one thing i miss since graduating college . you ?	hey do you like dancing ?	love it . that is the one thing i miss since graduating college . you ?	i love dancing ! what did you take in college ?	nursing . it was super hard because i spent a lot of time playing soccer too .	wow that sounds like a lot to balance out . were you any good at soccer ?	yes , i was great . do you play sports ?	if fishing counts . i fish on edris island where i live	how cool . i wish i had time . i am stuck in an office all day	aw you should try to make a trip sometime .	hopefully . whats your name ?	my name is sam you ?	lucy ! care the tv show . nice to meet you
contra-0600	hello , what are you up to	hello , i am sewing some quilts for my nieces .	hello , what are you up to	hello , i am sewing some quilts for my nieces .	oh i adore my boss	that is amazing , what fo you do . i retired from banking .	i meant i adore the niece of my boss . i clean kennels in a shelter .	oh i love animals ! i have a cat he is siamese .	oh i agree , i much prefer animals to human creatures .	yes , do you have any hobbies . i like to walk everyday at least a mile .	how healthy ! i enjoy listening to a simple plan . do you enjoy music ?	i do like music . much easier to go to concerts now that i am retired .	yes you are lucky . being around people irritates me	you dislike people that much . do you have children ?	oh no , i could not stand it . do you ?	yes , but they are all grown now .	my boss niece is developed too
contra-0601	hello . do you like animals ?	i love all cute things ! babies are on the top of my list now	hello . do you like animals ?	i love all cute things ! babies are on the top of my list now	i love babies too ! right now i have 2 dogs . no cats . i hate them .	right ? ! i have actually been knitting hats for babies in hospitals for last few years	that is so cool ! i am only in middle school but i could do that .	i am a few years older , whats your favorite music ? mine is country !	i like rock and pop . i want to be an actor after high school .	that would be awesome , i require to be a chef since i love cooking
contra-0602	good morning ? do you have any jobs	good afternoon from pennsylvania . i am currently a medical scribe preparing to apply to medical school .	good morning ? do you have any jobs	good afternoon from pennsylvania . i am currently a medical scribe preparing to apply to medical school .	oh , i thought you had an idea of a vacancy any were	where are you currently from ?	am from the state of ohio	do you like it there ?	the place where i stay is fine but the issue is i need a job	what types of jobs are you looking for ? what education or skills can you offer ?	am a skilled carpenter and can also do electrical installations	that is impressive . search for some Job openings online .
contra-0603	today i am painting a self portrait , since my career is an artist .	what style do you paint ?	today i am painting a self portrait , since my career is an artist .	what style do you paint ?	oil paint , usually . sometimes i use garbage from others to create statues .	sorry . i have to leave . my sister and ralph is here to go fishing .	have fun . i am short , only five feet , so it is hard to fish .	there are always ways to fish , even if you are short .	well i do have webbed feet , so easy to swim . do you swim ?	i love swimming almost as much as dancing .	me too ! dancing is a great way to express yourself .	art is a great way as well . how often do you paint ?	nearly everyday . what do your hobbies include ?	i enjoy fishing with my sister and playing with her dog .	sounds nice . i have a golden retriever . dogs are the best .	i agree . hotdogs are awesome and very entertaining at times .
contra-0604	hi there how are you today ?	hello , i am furious ! did you see what trump has done now ?	hi there how are you today ?	hello , i am furious ! did you see what trump has done now ?	no i have not what now ? i am a homemaker so i usually do not see tv	oh , ok . you are very lucky . are you a democrat ?	somewhat not strongly but i guess so	do you have any kids or dogs ?	2 a boy and a girl and 1 dog a colie	aw . i have a husky and a springer spaniel	so no kids for you ? plan on getting married in the future	i am married , we have chosen to not have kids .	o OK yes children is a big step a whole new lifestyle
contra-0605	hey i am brianna hows it going	hello , brianna . i am mia . do you play second life ?	hey i am brianna hows it going	hello , brianna . i am mia . do you play second life ?	i am not sure what that is to be honest	it is a larp game on the internet .	i do not know what larp is	oh , okay . i am online a lot , and a furry .	oh i only get online when i have time i am a pediatrician	that is a kid doc , right ?	yes from ages 0 21 depending on certain things	is it interesting ? i am not around kids , they freak me out .	yes sometimes but some parents really need to discipline their children	my sister has a couple , and they are horrid . thankfully , she lives in london .	lol that is how i feel about my little sisters	do you have any hobbies ?	i run a bunch and read usually
contra-0606	hello there , how are you ?	hey i am fine how about you	hello there , how are you ?	hey i am fine how about you	i am amazing about to start college	oh what major are you going for	anything different , maybe english history	oh i would do history its great learning new things	my parents were not around	i like barbecue and sushi	i love both of those foods	whats you favorite type of sushi	pretty much all of it , i like wasabi on everything .	i could go for some now lol	seriously , too bad it is expensive .	depends on where you go there is a buffet out here 8 before 330	that is keen , i know one that is 17 , but i think it is worth it
contra-0607	hi how are you doing i am good .	hi . i am doing pretty well . listening to heart , the band . you like music ?	hi how are you doing i am good .	hi . i am doing pretty well . listening to heart , the band . you like music ?	yes music lover i started listening to bluegrass music .	nice . my three daughters all like Bluegrass .
contra-0608	hello ! how are you tonight ?	hello ! very well , and yourself ?	hello ! how are you tonight ?	hello ! very well , and yourself ?	i am tired ! had a modeling job , then went surfing today .	sounds exciting ! i work as a hair stylist .	i go to those a lot ! what do you do for fun ?	watch football on sundays . i love it !	i go skating on sundays . hoping new york has good parks , i am moving there .	oh yeah ? it is cold there . i love the cold . christmas is my favorite holiday .	i will miss the california sunshine . but , there should be good acting opportunities .	for sure ! what is your favorite food ? mine is cheese pizza .	i love pizza ! i cannot eat it often . i have to stay in shape .	ah . have any pets ? i have 3 . my dogs are my babies .	no pets . they would probably howl along with my terrible singing .
contra-0609	hey there ! how are you today ?	hey there ! just feeling a bit jittery . hate sitting still	hey there ! how are you today ?	hey there ! just feeling a bit jittery . hate sitting still	i am never still with two boys in the house	i miss my kids . my wife got them in the divorce	oh i am so sorry that happened	it is okay . at least i get to focus on building things with my hands now	that is cool ! i am going to school for hair	nice ! i probably should do something about mine haha	change it up now that you are single !	exactly ! now i think i will go get it done .	good for you ! you deserve something nice .	thank you ! so tell me more about you	i like vintage deco , specifically from the 50s	wow that sounds interesting . do you sell it ?	no , i just collect it for my home	oh nerveless ! do you buy them at auction ?
contra-0610	hello , how are you today	hi , i am wonderful and you ?	hello , how are you today	hi , i am wonderful and you ?	i am good , a little bored . my best friend is broken	really . . . i am sorry he or she is broken .	yes she is a robot . what are you up to	lol , funny . i am listening to my favorite music , jazz . and you ?	i just got done with school , about to touch up my blue roots	cool , drab roots . i have clients that color their pets hair blue .
contra-0611	hi , big time k singer here . what is your hobby ?	what is a k singer ? i am 17 years old and focused on graduating high school .	hi , big time k singer here . what is your hobby ?	what is a k singer ? i am 17 years old and focused on graduating high school .	karaoke , it is a lot of fun and my dogs i train them like it too !	oh yeah ! i like karaoke . i am going to auburn university for music next year .	allergic to dander in dogs but i still love to train them . do you same dogs ?
contra-0612	hi there how are you doing ?	hey how is it going ?	hi there how are you doing ?	hey how is it going ?	good just relaxing i was actually physically active today and i hate it	you do not like to move around	not really i mostly enjoy long walks to the fridge lol	i wish that too you drink ?
contra-0613	hello , how are you doing ?	doing great watching a little sports on tv	hello , how are you doing ?	doing great watching a little sports on tv	very cool , i used to watch soccer when i traveled abroad	i enjoy watching soccer a lot . i played some sports in high school .	i used to play in kindergarten , i met my best friend in kindergarten	what do you like to do in your spare moments ?	i enjoy advertising , i got a job working in it last year	i am getting married soon , hope she starts to enjoy sports like i do	i just got married , my jewish wife , i am in jewish faith	where did the jews come from ?	not sure , i am guessing space	can anyone be jewish or is it exclusive to a certain group ?	anyone can be whatever they wanna be	that is not true , have you played any sports ?	yeah , i used to play pizza frisbee . always ended up in my mouth	lol , pizza Frisbee sounds like fun .
contra-0614	just got home from the hospital . listening to jazz , my favorite . and you ?	i like music to relax . but mostly to read	just got home from the hospital . listening to jazz , my favorite . and you ?	i like music to relax . but mostly to read	i like to read ! and run after a day of caring for kids .	what do you like to read ? i like biographies	mostly medical journals . oh , and vintage cars . i love them .	i like to cook . it is a challenge to cook something my son will eat	between my marriage , my practice and my own 2 kids , i do not cook often .	i guess that means a lot pizza	yeah ! but as a pediatrician , i do like to sneak in the veggies and fruit !	that usually requires bribing my son with extra screen time	not too much of that ! its not good for them !	well i have learned to pick my battles	that is true , too . i do that with my husband !	ha . yeah with my husband i bribe him with extra dessert	i wanted to buy another vintage car so i had to buy him as well !
contra-0615	i do not see the point in a drivers license in ny	oh really are you from there ?	i do not see the point in a drivers license in ny	oh really are you from there ?	i live there now , currently watching the office	that is amazing , i spend my time working out and listening to rap . how about you ?	at church reading the torah	that sounds nice . do you have any family ?	yes in fact i do , but t they hide the sweets from me	that must be rough , i have a brother and a father	skillful ! do you go to church with them ?
contra-0616	hello hope you having a good day ? will you chat with me awhile ?	of course ! do you like watching movies ?	hello hope you having a good day ? will you chat with me awhile ?	of course ! do you like watching movies ?	i like watching pictures about the civil war . i have many civil war relics
contra-0617	good evening , what is new with you ?	not much . i went to an amusement park today , you ?	good evening , what is new with you ?	not much . i went to an amusement park today , you ?	that sounds fun ! i got a new book about europe , i would love to travel there .	i would fuck that too . i have never even left maryland
contra-0618	whats up ? hows it going	pretty good , just finished a long shift in labor and delivery . where do you work ?	whats up ? hows it going	pretty good , just finished a long shift in labor and delivery . where do you work ?	so i am in school to be a hairdresser ?	that sounds nice ! do you have any children ?	no but i have fish which i consider to be my kids .	that is nice ! i have a dog , only child i want to have haha	do you have any hobbies	i go to the gym often . how about you ?	the healthiest that i get is eating granola	i have heard granola is good with milk . but the only thing i drink is water	wow you seem really healthy	it takes a lot of time , so i am currently single . but i like being single	i am individual too ! i wish i went to the gym more
contra-0619	hey how are you today ?	hello . i am well . how are you doing ?	hey how are you today ?	hello . i am well . how are you doing ?	i am okay , i just finished with my child for schooling .	interesting . where are you from ?	i am from italy . i love the early mornings .	i want to visit Italia one day .
contra-0620	hey . how are you ? tell me something about you ?	hi , here is not much to me other than i like to stay at home	hey . how are you ? tell me something about you ?	hi , here is not much to me other than i like to stay at house
contra-0621	hey there how are you	hey . i am fine and what about you ?	hey there how are you	hey . i am fine and what about you ?	slightly stressed out , had a very very long weel	what does weel means ? i never heard of this	sorry , typo error on my part , week . what do you do for work ?	oh it is ok . i do not work yet do you ?	i go at mcdonalds unfortunately
contra-0622	hi are you single by any chance ?	hello . i am single currently .	hi are you single by any chance ?	hello . i am single currently .	me too . can i sing to you ?	sure . where are you from ?	i live in ny . i am a model , i want to act though	i inhabit in pennsylvania . i am planning to apply to medical school .
contra-0623	hello ! how was your day ?	hi i am joanna and i just graduated from usc . how are you ?	hello ! how was your day ?	hi i am joanna and i just graduated from usc . how are you ?	i am doing okay , but it was kind of a rough day at work .	my daytime was great . i was singing all day . i do it professionally
contra-0624	i am male , divorce , 6 grandchildren , ex named doug .	nice to meet you doug . i am lucy	i am male , divorce , 6 grandchildren , ex named doug .	nice to meet you doug . i am lucy	hi , i have schwinn bike and work in old folks home . you ?	i am a secretary at an office . nothing too exciting	oh okay . my children and dogs are exciting .	that is awesome . i love animals	i have a cat named grace .	that is a beautiful name for an animal	you think ? i take of people society has thrown away .	i do think . i went to grace college last year	get out ! me too ! are you in virginia ?	haha yes i am . what a small world we live in !	oh my ! i am nurses aid .	did you do any sports at thanksgiving ? i was on the soccer team
contra-0625	hi there ! just finished cooking my homemade meal of the day . how about you ?	oh , what did you make ? i made some traditional native american food .	hi there ! just finished cooking my homemade meal of the day . how about you ?	oh , what did you make ? i made some traditional native American food .
contra-0626	hey , how are you doing ? want some granola ?	sure ! i am starring in a play i wrote . can you sing or skate ? i can .	hey , how are you doing ? want some granola ?	trusted ! i am starring in a play i wrote . can you sing or skate ? i can .
contra-0627	hello , how are you ? my cats and dog are fine .	i am doing alright , buti really wish i had kids . .	hello , how are you ? my cats and dog are fine .	i am doing alright , buti really wish i had kids . .	i do not have kids either , i have a diet company .	oh okay cool i want to be a fashion designer !	i read plays , and write cookbooks . i love way .
contra-0628	hi how are you doing today ?	i just finished hiking and camping , how about you ?	hi how are you doing today ?	i just finished hiking and camping , how about you ?	love hiking in the mountains by my house . good thanks .	i have a lot of meat to grill up this weekend . any plans ?	do you like animals ? have a pet ?	no but i love music as my truck has a great sound system	have 3 dogs and 2 cats myself . ok .	i should get my father a pet since he is retired now .	i listen to barry manila in my ride . you should .	i will think about it as my mother is busy working in healthcare .	good for him to have some company .	yes it would . what do you do ?	i am an artist by day .	that sounds interesting . what are your hobbies ?	i write and read . dance . you ?	a little camping and lots of tramp on the weekends
contra-0629	good evening , how are you tonight ?	i am doing well . i am relaxing before bed . i work in the morning .	good evening , how are you tonight ?	i am doing well . i am relaxing before bed . i work in the morning .	i am a model so i keep crazy hours . what do you do ?	i am an engineer . i got my degree from mit . are you single ?	yes single . do you hobbies ?	i am single as well with no children . i like to travel .	i like to ice skate , roller skate and surf .	i want to visit a rain forest , but spiders and snakes scare me .	i am moving to new york soon . little scared of the crowd .	i grew up in new york . i moved away when my parents died two years ago .	i am sorry . i am a actor also so i have something to fall back on .	i love acting ! i did theater in high school .	i hope to see a lot of shows when i get there .	there are some great ones . i really want to see hamilton .	that sounds like it would be big .
contra-0630	hi there how are you doing today ?	i am good , just got back to my apartment from culinary school . how are you ?	hi there how are you doing today ?	i am just , just got back to my apartment from culinary school . how are you ?
contra-0631	hello there how is your day going ?	hello to you , how was your day ?	hello there how is your day going ?	hello to you , how was your day ?	hi , my day is going good . what did you have for breakfast ?	cereal with milk , then school most of the day . and you ?	nice , that is good , i had 3 pancakes post gym workout . what do you outside of shoal ?
contra-0632	hi trying to find some die hard ed sheeran fans .	sorry , i do not like music , i like reading mystery books .	hi trying to find some die hard ed sheeran fans .	sorry , i do not like music , i like reading mystery books .	so do i , but i like the older mysteries like agatha christie .	growing up on a farm , you learn to read a lot more .	i can imagine , in fact i hope to teach english after school .	nice , my job is being a truck driver , i have seven kids to feed .	wow , you need a hobby to get away , wish jujitsu or running .
contra-0633	hello , do you want to go for a walk with me and my fur babies	hi , what are fur babies ?	hello , do you want to go for a walk with me and my fur babies	hi , what are fur babies ?	they are just pets . my cats and dogs .	that is cool . i wish i could but my family takes up most of my time .	oh . i have a lot of grandbabies	i am married with kids , you ?	just my grandbabies . i like i had a husband i could care for .
contra-0634	whats up ? hows it going	pretty good , just finished a long shift in labor and delivery . where do you work ?	whats up ? hows it going	pretty good , just finished a long shift in labor and delivery . where do you work ?	so i am in school to be a hairdresser ?	that sounds nice ! do you have any children ?	no but i have fish which i consider to be my kids .	that is nice ! i have a dog , only child i want to have haha	do you have any hobbies	i go to the gym often . how about you ?	the healthiest that i get is eating granola	i have heard granola is good with milk . but the only thing i drink is water	wow you seem really healthy	it takes a lot of time , so i am currently single . but i like being individual
contra-0635	hi i am darlene and my family comes from canada .	hello how are you today ?	hi i am darlene and my family comes from canada .	hello how are you today ?	i am good , i love music especially country , how about you ?	i love to wake up before the sun shines .	i am a late sleeper but my favorite drink happens to be iced tea , do you have one ?	i love creating kids pop up books .	sounds like a lot of fun , i enjoy web design , the coding part of it .	my town population is only 2000 people .	wow everyone must know each other , i live in a large city .	i am my daughter teacher at homeschooling .	sounds interesting , although i would not have the patience .	i hate cats they make me sneeze	i like cats and dogs but have no pets or fries .
contra-0636	hi , what did you do today ?	hey ! a bunch of consulting for a large food service provider you ?	hi , what did you do today ?	hey ! a bunch of consulting for a large food service provider you ?	i am a nurse , my mom is also a nurse , an army nurse	oh wow i bet that is exciting .	not really , the only exciting thing about my life recently is i got a stray cat	my brother is in the army one of them anyway . you like cats ?	i love cats , i love dressing cats , i made a cat sweater , i love knitting	well that is an interesting hobby . do you listen to music ?	yes of course , i love folk music , what about you ?	i like rock and heavy metal . metallica is my favorite band though .	nice , please tell me more	i grew up listening to eighties rock with my dad and that started my obsession	nice , did you dad heed to folk music ?
contra-0637	hi , i knit , my father died in the military . i am not looking to make new friends .	good . i just got back from playing racquetball . gonna put on some oldies .	hi , i knit , my father died in the military . i am not looking to make new friends .	good . i just got back from playing racquetball . gonna put on some oldies .	merna jean is my best friend . we are children of immigrants . you ?	born here . gonna retire in 5 years if i can .	great ! i used to play tennis before i became a baby boomer .	i spend my spare time trying out barbeque restaurants .	get out ! i man the bbq smoker in our home ! you a military person ?	i did six years in the navy .	thank you for serving sir ! i married a military but he died .	i am sorry to hear that . how did he die ?	do not be dark . he had a stroke during sex . however , it was not with me . so . . .
contra-0638	hello , how are you this evening ?	hey , i am good . how about you ?	hello , how are you this evening ?	hey , i am good . how about you ?	i am doing well , looking at a travel brochure .	nice , making plans for summer ? i will be too busy studying this summer .	tending to my garden , as i will be using it as a teaching too next year .	i am a law student , i know nothing about gardens . got 2 more years left .	nice . i am thinking of going for my doctorate .	wow , that sounds like a lot of work . do you have any siblings ?	i do not . i am single as well .	how interesting . i have no brothers or sisters either .	my parents are both gone , are yours ?	no , they are still around and helping me to pay for law school . lucky me !	yes , lucky you ! are you married ?	i am not . studying is keeping me very busy at the moment .	i am planning a trip to japan in three years , have you been ?	i was there once like 5 classes ago . beautiful country .
contra-0639	hi how are you today ?	i am alright , how was your day ?	hi how are you today ?	i am alright , how was your day ?	pretty good just studying and you ?	i do not do much since the accident , off of work . what do you do for fun ?	what was the accident huh ?	got in a brutal car accident but working hard to get back on my feet	i am sorry to hear that	thank you , time off has allowed me to do some small work to help other	do you listen to music then ?	i do , i like country music a lot . how about you ?	i adore rap music a deal
contra-0640	hi i am darlene and my family comes from canada .	hello how are you today ?	hi i am darlene and my family comes from canada .	hello how are you today ?	i am good , i love music especially country , how about you ?	i love to wake up before the sun shines .	i am a late sleeper but my favorite drink happens to be iced tea , do you have one ?	i jazz creating kids pop up books .
contra-0641	hi there . how are you ?	i am great . what are you doing up so late ?	hi there . how are you ?	i am great . what are you doing up so late ?	i don not know . i should be asleep . i am more of an early bird . you ?	i am definitely a night owl . you know chatting will nott help you sleep .	i know i have been working on s quilt and i do not wanna put it down	i know how that is . i love to craft but being colorblind makes it hard	oh really that sucks . what do you usually like to do then ?	i love to sing . sometimes i go sing karaoke .	oh fun . i have not done karaoke in a long time lol	you should , it is great sport !
contra-0642	hi . how is it going ? my name is carson	hey there how are you ?	hi . how is it going ? my name is Carson
contra-0643	where did you grow up ?	in macedonia . i came in the usa when i was 16 . what about you ?	where did you grow up ?	in macedonia . i came in the usa when i was 16 . what about you ?	wisconsin born and raised . macedonia seems exotic .	yeah it is . what is your nationality ?	american , like apple pie . never left the country .	that is nice . how old are you ?	i am 29 , my two brothers are 20	they seems they are twins .	they are twins , not identical though .	what do you mean ? identical ?	one is tall and has brown hair , one is short and blonde .	aww that is very interesting . do you work ?	yes , i work as a consulting manager . you ?	i finished my degree looking for a job .	what is your degree in ?	business administration . is it hard to work as consulting handler
contra-0644	hey , how are you doing ? want some granola ?	sure ! i am starring in a play i wrote . can you sing or skate ? i can .	hey , how are you doing ? want some granola ?	sure ! i am starring in a play i wrote . can you sing or skate ? i can .	i can cut hairs . that is mostly it .	hmmm . interesting . i model gloves and sing sappy jingles . i surf too . you surf ?	i like my fish babies , and their fancy Pisces house .
contra-0645	hey how s it going ? i love exercising	good . i love to party when i am not on the road performing gigs .	hey how s it going ? i love exercising	good . i love to party when i am not on the road performing gigs .	do you have some sisters ? i wish i had siblings	yes , i grew up with 3 sisters of my own . you are the only child .	yeah , but i have my pets to keep me company	how was your childhood ? i traveled with my dad in his semi .	it was okay , both my parents were fitness nuts	are you in school ? i never got the chance to finish high school .	no i run my own dieting business , it s very successful	that is awesome . i guess your parents rubbed off on you .	haha , yeah they really did . dieting is my entire life	it is a healthy lifespan to live .
contra-0646	good night , are you a police officer	yes , i would like to arrest you . also draw art on the side .	good night , are you a police officer	yes , i would like to arrest you . also draw art on the side .	haha i not going back to jail	you have to , unless you want to clean out the research cages for me .	lol , i want you to cop my best friend
contra-0647	hello , how are you this evening ?	i am good just getting back from work	hello , how are you this evening ?	i am good just getting back from work	same here , though i am coming from class . law school student .	that is nice i teach kindergarten	how long have you been going that ?	just two years its rewarding but the pay is low	that is why i am studying law . the remuneration is good ,
contra-0648	hello how are you doing ?	swimmingly . how are you ?	hello how are you doing ?	swimmingly . how are you ?	great thanks . i like to go hunting for polar bears	polar bears ? are those like , mythical creatures who cannot swim and live above ?	haha i hunt them to eat	oh no ! do you run mer people also ? ?
contra-0649	hi how are you today	good just tired . i just got back from a long day of work . how are you ?	hi how are you today	good just tired . i just got back from a long day of work . how are you ?	i just went hiking also tired	that sounds like fun ! i love the outdoors . i especially like gardening	do you ever go camping ?	yes as long as the campsite is not near lakes or rivers ! do you ?	are you afraid of water then ?	yes , ever since i was a kid . what about you ? any crazy phobias ?	nothing really sorry to let you down	that is good ! what are you doing right now ? i am watching the game	what is the score to it ? listening to music	14 10 . my boys the ohio state buckeyes are up by 4 ! what music ?	any kind of rock really . you ?	i love prince . especially purple rain . i love prince and purple so it works out	nice i like to go horticulture
contra-0650	hello , how are you tonight	i am well , loving on my little dogs an you ?	hello , how are you tonight	i am well , loving on my little dogs an you ?	talking to a friend and petting timothy , my turtle .	cool , i have 2 dogs	i only have a turtle .	oh that is cool , need a lawyer ?	no , i am good . i have a cop and a attorney in my family .
contra-0651	hello , how are you tonight ?	i am well . and yourself ?	hello , how are you tonight ?	i am well . and yourself ?	very well , almost finished with my homework .	nice . i just finished a huge glass of iced tea	sounds good . do you like rap ?	i do . i love country also	i do not care for it .	i grew up on it , or i probably would not either	my parents did not care for music , our house was very quiet .	i cant imagine a world that does not have music in it	now , i cannot . it was weird .	i believe it . do you like doing stuff on the computer ?	at times , when i am watching tv	i like things similar coding for web design
contra-0652	hi . i hale from wisconsin . where are you from ?	i am from upstate newyork how is wisconsin ?	hi . i hale from wisconsin . where are you from ?	i am from upstate newyork how is WI ?
contra-0653	hi , there how are you today ?	i am great . how is the weather ?	hi , there how are you today ?	i am great . how is the weather ?	not bad at all good day for an adventure , do you travel ?	i love to travel . i like all of the art .	love seeing differences in the world , being law student limits my time though	what is your favorite place	my favorite is home with my girlfriend , but remote mountains are great	the mountains are beautiful . i fuck the city though .
contra-0654	hello , how are you doing today ?	hello . i am retired , so i am great ! i was a banker . how are you ?	hello , how are you doing today ?	hello . i am retired , so i am great ! i was a banker . how are you ?	i am doing well . i am just watching my favorite show called the office .	i love that show too ! i make quilts for relatives and sew while i watch it .	oh nice ! i live in new york but i do not drive , though .	me neither . i enjoy walking . i try to do at least a mile a day .	do you like to eat sweet things ? i do not eat anything that is sweet .	i bang sweet things . do you have any pets ? i have a cat a siamese .
contra-0655	good evening , how are you	i great just got a gig to play this weekend	good evening , how are you	i great just got a gig to play this weekend	that sounds fun , i spend my weekends reading romance novels	yeah , how about drama , i love those	i am so over drama	drama and romance goes together	sometimes . but other times its too much .	i understand , where are you from	i live in an apartment in a city	i go near the beach
contra-0656	hello , how are you doing today ?	i am doing pretty good , how are you ?	hello , how are you doing today ?	i am doing pretty good , how are you ?	great , what is your favorite color ?	green . what do you do for fun ?	green is my favorite too ! i collect teddy bears . you ?	kool ! i like to play fantasy video games .	like stuff where you are a medieval hero or something ?	just like that , i also build model spaceships in my free time .	that is cool . do you have any zoos where you live ?	yes , we do . do you like animals ?	yes , i really love bears . you ?	not really , i am pretty shy . i like cats .	i wish cats too . but i have a dog named banjo .
contra-0657	hello , how are you today	i am good ! just finished my last class for the day . you ?	hello , how are you today	i am good ! just finished my last class for the day . you ?	i am exploring the arctic . what are you studying ?	english literature so i can be a better rapper .	rap ? interesting . i taught geology for awhile but then realized ice is more fascinating	really ? that is different . what do you do exactly ?	i explore the arctic , searching for arctic explorers so i can return them home	wow ! that is great ! i love being outside . i wonder if i could do that ?	perhaps i could bring you on an expedition . i also hunt polar bears	i have never shot a gun before .	i could teach you . so you are an aspiring rapper ?	i love the music . and i think i can sing .	who are your favorite artists ? i am isolated from euphony here in the arctic
contra-0658	hi there how are you	hi i am good . i am reading a mystery novel , how are you ?	hi there how are you	hi i am good . i am reading a mystery novel , how are you ?	i like to dress as a furry so that keeps me happy	i grew up on a big farm with a big family so i got into reading mysteries	love those . farms and whodunits . being an older male it seems odd i would lie that
contra-0659	hey i am jordan and i am a veterinarian . how are you doing today ?	i am joe and a pro skater	hey i am jordan and i am a veterinarian . how are you doing today ?	i am joe and a pro skater	oh nice . where are you from ? i am from cali but i am now in florida	i live in fl also . i used to work for hollister back in school	do you enjoy listening and playing music ? i am a musician , only on weekends	i love music and especially bluegrass which i can play good	i am pretty good with the guitar . and when i am not so busy i read drama books	i had a tail when i was born but had it cut off	what kind of bottom did you get removed ?
contra-0660	hi . i hale from wisconsin . where are you from ?	i am from upstate newyork how is wisconsin ?	hi . i hale from wisconsin . where are you from ?	i am from upstate newyork how is wisconsin ?	cold and snowy , at least in a few months . i love it .	i like the snow what is your favorite snow activity that you like to do ?	skiing . that and curling with my two brothers .	i never tried skiing maybe one day . how old are your brothers ?
contra-0661	hi how are you doing	i am good . what are you doing today ?	hi how are you doing	i am good . what are you doing today ?	playing guitar in my apartment	wow ! i just got back from walking a mile . i tried to do that everyday	that is a good idea exercise is great for you	yes . other than playing guitar , what other hobbies do you have ?	i live with my brothers so we spend a lot of time together	after retiring from banking , i make quilts for my family . do you have any pets ?	that is nice i want to get a dog	i own a siamese cat named stormy . what kind of dog do you need ?
contra-0662	how are you today ? i like you	i am great . just relaxing and knitting some hats for the babies at my old job .	how are you today ? i like you	i am great . just relaxing and knitting some hats for the babies at my old job .	where did you use to work ?	childrens hospital until i became disabled . what do you do ?	i rent out houses to people	that is a great industry . what kind of music do you care ?
contra-0663	hello , how are you today ?	i am good and you ? do you have any pet ?	hello , how are you today ?	i am good and you ? do you have any pet ?	not currently . i am currently in south korea , in the army .	what do you want to do when you have free time ?	i meditate . it helps with my anger , i can be pretty violent .	do you like to work for long hour ? do you have any pet ?	no i left my dog in puerto rico , that is where i am from .	i also couples cat and one dog . they are very friendly	how sweet . what are your hobbies ?	i like to reading and writing cooking books about diet	that is cool . i love cook Books .
contra-0664	hi . i am from canada .	oh hello there ! i was just knitting a baby hat for the nicu .	hi . i am from canada .	oh hello there ! i was just knitting a baby hat for the nicu .	oh , cool . so do you work in a hospital ?	no , i am disabled so i spend my days knitting hats . i donate them .	aww , that is so sweet . i am sorry you are disabled though .	thank you but i am okay with it . it gives me time to cook and knit .	right , i imagine you have a lot of time to do hobbies .	i do . it is a relaxing life . what do you do ?	i enjoy web design , i love it . i could never knit .	that sounds like fun ! do you have pets ?	no , no pets yet . i am still just finding my way in the world .
contra-0665	hello brah , hows it hanging ?	hey there ! its going alright , how about you ? how was your day ?	hello brah , hows it hanging ?	hey there ! its going alright , how about you ? how was your day ?	my day was wicked sweet bro ham , just got done having a gnarly skate sesh .	spending time outside is great , i have never been much of a skater . any other hobbies ?	i like , totally love playing blue grass music , what about you ?	i like cooking and spending time walking my dog . his name is charlie .	i can relate to dogs , because i totally used to have a tail	oh wow , one of my brothers was bought with a backside but had it removed .
contra-0666	hello , how are you tonight ?	great . how are you doing	hello , how are you tonight ?	great . how are you doing	doing good , just getting my girls down for the night .	how many do you have	three girls , do you have children ?	a boy and a girl . 12 and 9 . angelic monsters lol	one of each that is good . the girls can be a hand full .	who you telling . haha . my girl is a hundred times more stressful .	my mom was a teacher and i am not sure how she did it .	kudos to her . i am exhausted half way through the day .	yes , me to ! i was born later so she has lots of patients .	well good for her . do you like barbecue . i am a pro at it	i do like barbecue , it is one of my favorite .	how about scary movies ? those are my favourite
contra-0667	hi , i am married and have a husband , he is my world , i love him	my collection of stickers and poetry are mine lol	hi , i am married and have a husband , he is my world , i love him	my collection of stickers and poetry are mine lol	nice , do you watch anything on tv for fun ?	i like jane the virgin	nice , i love watching movies and shows and i love tv	me to but i want to learn the art of drawing	what kind of drawing ? who inspired you ?	anything and everything pictures , stickers , beautiful scenes	nice , lets go sometime when your free , are you a girl or guy ?	i am a female do you mind	i am a female and i have a husband that is the world to me	would he mind you meeting new people	no , especially if your a girl	yes but in todays day a hombre will be with guy and vice versa
contra-0668	hello there . where are you from ?	i am from california , but soon i am moving to ny	hello there . where are you from ?	i am from california , but soon i am moving to ny	very interesting . why are you affecting ?
contra-0669	hello there new friend how are you this fine evening	i am doing great . just taking a break from working on my car .	hello there new friend how are you this fine evening	i am doing great . just taking a break from working on my car .	i just got done working with my horses , it is what i love doing .	that is great . i like to hunt in my spare time .	what kind of music do you like ?	i am not a big music fan . i prefer the silence . you ?	that is odd . i like john denver .	i just prefer to work on restoring cars . i am also a handyman	that is cool . i like to cook and go with horses .
contra-0670	hello how are you doing	pretty good . how are you ?	hello how are you doing	pretty good . how are you ?	i am making dinner getting ready for bed	i just got off work .	i am looking for something different to do	i am looking for another job myself .	i was adopted by my aunt and uncle	my parents did not want me either .	if i ever hit the lottery i will love to help some of these kids	what youngsters are you trying to help ?
contra-0671	hi there . tell me something fun about you !	i enjoy playing with my cats ! what do you enjoy doing ?	hi there . tell me something fun about you !	i enjoy playing with my cats ! what do you enjoy doing ?	i am obsessed with fitness , although it does not show . .	oh man , i am overweight and am frustrated by it .	i live a fun life by the sea swimming though . where are you from ?	i am from california ? do you have hobbies ?	well , i have children and am married . also love driving my convertible mustang !	awesome ! . i have 3 kids as well ! do you enjoy being married ?	i really enjoy it . what about you ? what do you like ?	i like my work but its frustrating because i work a different schedule from my husband .	that is always tough . there is never enough time to be with the one you love .	that is very true . where are you from ?	i live right by the sea in southern missouri . beautiful weather this time of year	i bet it is ! i would enjoy to travel there . do you like to travel ?
contra-0672	hi , i work an it help desk and use to be a republican . you ?	i am the proud parent of three girls . currently looking for work .	hi , i work an it help desk and use to be a republican . you ?	i am the proud parent of three girls . currently looking for work .
contra-0673	hi , how are you , how is doing	how are you doing i am fine thank you .	hi , how are you , how is doing	how are you doing i am fine thank you .	i am ok , what your hobbies	i love doing make up hair and i am a great cook .	you like sing , i like sing very much	i used to be employed in a nursing unit . yes singing i sing great .	i am a model from new york	i wished i could model i like to go bike riding .	fine thanks nice talking to you	you to a model is a great job i like to take care of folks .	are you married i am a single	i am not marital yet i have a daughter and three grands .
contra-0674	hi want to get to know each other	hello , how are you tonight ? i have a cat , do you have pets ?	hi want to get to know each other	hello , how are you tonight ? i have a cat , do you have pets ?	no . i do not have time for animals with my two jobs	i only have one , my kindergarteners are a handful and then some .	oh so you are a teacher	i am , i graduated two years ago .	i should look into that . i am tired of working so hard	this is tough work too , and the pay is not great . i have roommates .
contra-0675	hello , how are you this evening ?	i am good just getting back from work	hello , how are you this evening ?	i am good just getting back from work	same here , though i am coming from class . law school student .	that is nice i teach kindergarten	how long have you been going that ?	just two years its rewarding but the pay is low	that is why i am studying law . the pay is serious ,
contra-0676	hey , how are you today ?	i am okay . living paycheck to paycheck is taking a toll on me . how about you ?	hey , how are you today ?	i am okay . living paycheck to paycheck is taking a toll on me . how about you ?	i am sorry to hear that ! i work as a forklift driver in a warehouse	interesting . i live with my cat and teach kindergarten .	what is your cats name ? i love to bbq !	her name is layla . i used to bbq a lot with friends back in college .	layla is at great cat name . i am huge and tall	do you come from a tall family ?	no , my mom is five feet !	wow , that is pretty rare . do you have pets ?	no i do not . pets are messy . do you like movies ? i like horror ones	i care horror movies , too . pets can definitely be messy sometimes .
contra-0677	hello ! how was your day ?	hi i am joanna and i just graduated from usc . how are you ?	hello ! how was your day ?	hi i am joanna and i just graduated from usc . how are you ?	i am doing okay , but it was kind of a rough day at work .	my day was great . i was singing all day . i do it professionally	oh , nice ! what type of music do you enjoy the most ?	what kind of work ? i like it all but mostly jazz and rock .	nursing . i have worked on the pediatric ward for many years .	i was born and raised in south carolina but hope to get away soon	where would you like to go ?	anywhere but here . i am stuck on my parents farm	sounds awful . i would have a hard time living with my parents , especially my father .	my mom used to work in the paediatric ward but now she is a teacher .
contra-0678	hi do you have any pet	i do not . my apartment does not allow any . how about you ?	hi do you have any pet	i do not . my apartment does not allow any . how about you ?	yes i had a cat but am allergic to cats	i should have a dog being a single girl of 32 . but i am scared .	but a dog is lots of fun	they are terrifying . and he would distract me from my love stories .	ok i had one name curie lots of fun	what do you do for work ?	i do care giver more of the time , what about you	one day , a chef . that is my goal . i get distracted though .	ok , i live in a shall time , what about you	apartment in the city . have any hobbies ?	ok , i like to go fishing	i just like my movies and books . sappy romance is my favorite .	that good i like Scriptures movies too .
contra-0679	hi , i am , pre law student , only child will finish school in two years .	hi i am a high school drop out with three sisters	hi , i am , pre law student , only child will finish school in two years .	hi i am a high school drop out with three sisters	okay . did you and your sister start a tech company or something ?	no i am lead singer in a band	good for you ! are you copyrighting the music you write ?	yes i am are you a parent ?	yes ! divorce , male , two children , ex named doug .	i home schooled while my dad drove a semi	oh okay . are you a country Singer ?
contra-0680	hello . is anybody out there ?	lol i am here ! in seattle in my apartment with my two roomies .	hello . is anybody out there ?	lol i am here ! in seattle in my apartment with my two roomies .	i am in oregon , just got done hiking out in the woods	sounds fun ! what do you do for a living ? i teach kindergarten .	i work in a small coffee shop but want to be an artist	very cool , do you sculpt or paint ?	i am learning how to draw and i read and write poetry	awesome ! hopefully it pays more than teaching , i hardly can pay bills .	i am okay money wise . i am frugal except for like one indulgence	after my student loans are done i should be ok .	fortunately i never had those . college just is not for me	yes it was rough . i have been out for two years now .	i wish to learn but the way colleges teach does not mesh well with me
contra-0681	hey there like to workout ?	not really . i enjoy video games and reading mostly . do you workout ?	hey there like to workout ?	not really . i enjoy video games and reading mostly . do you workout ?	yes i do all the time	are you a bodybuilder ? what do you do for a living ?	no no body builder but i am a vegan	that is interesting . i am also a vegan and a vet . i love animals .	really wow , any siblings ? all i have is my dad an bro	a sister in california , where we grew up . i am in florida now . you ?	i like to listen to trap queen an gucci do you ?	yes ! i rap on the weekends myself too . my friends like country , boo .	really ? going to watch gucci get married tomorrow ? 10 17	i did not even know gucci was getting espoused . who to ?
contra-0682	hello there , how are you ?	hey i am fine how about you	hello there , how are you ?	hey i am fine how about you	i am amazing about to start college	oh what major are you going for	anything different , maybe english history	oh i would do story its great learning new things
contra-0683	hi how are you ? where do you live ?	doing good . i live in the midwest	hi how are you ? where do you live ?	doing good . i live in the midwest	oh okay . i am good as well . i am reside on edris island	do you have any animals i have a cat i do not like dogs	i am the total opposite i love dogs and ate cats .	i hope you do not eat Caterpillars . . . lol
contra-0684	hi , i work at fast food , what do you do for work ?	i am a work at home father and it is good ; especially since i became a dad .	hi , i work at fast food , what do you do for work ?	i am a work at home father and it is right ; especially since i became a dad .
contra-0685	i love animals ! how about you !	me too ! how are you today ?	i love animals ! how about you !	me too ! how are you today ?	i am a bit busy but i love to meet people .	great ! what is your favorite animal ? i love riding horses on my dads farm	i love turtles ! i just bought one .	awe , i love turtles too . any hobbies ?	i love to play ultimate frisbee	cool . my favorite hobby is watching horror films	have you ever been to bora bora ?	no , can not say that i have . you ?	yes ! my parents live over there !	wow ! and here i am . my mom is just a teacher in south carolina . xd	i need to think of a name for my turtles girlfriend .
contra-0686	hi how are you today	good , how are you ? i just finished reading a new drama book	hi how are you today	good , how are you ? i just finished reading a new drama book	i am well where do you work
contra-0687	hi ! how are you ? do you like poker ? it is my favorite card game	i used to like it , but my job does not get me enough money .	hi ! how are you ? do you like poker ? it is my favorite card game	i used to wish it , but my job does not get me enough money .
contra-0688	hi , three of my siblings are girls .	are all of your girls healthy ? i am a doctor .	hi , three of my siblings are girls .	are all of your girls healthy ? i am a doctor .	yes ! i am the lead singer in my family band . you ?	in addition to loving music i also love the cinema .	wow ! we party with doctors and nurses in between jobs . you dance ?	i cant dance very well because i eat too many muffins	oh okay . what is your fave movie ?	i love scarface . i am pretty short so i can relate to tony montoya .	i see . you complete high school . i did not .	of course i completed high school . i am a doctor .	great ! do you have any sisters ?	i have 3 sisters who all work as nurses at the mayo clinic .	hmmm . do you have any brothers ?	my brother passed away recently . he also ate too many muffins like myself .	i see . your mother and father still living ?	yes , actually my mother and founder are famous hollywood actors .
contra-0689	hi , i am 20 years old and i am a guy , who are you ?	i am a 19 year old girl studying fashion design	hi , i am 20 years old and i am a guy , who are you ?	i am a 19 year Old girl studying fashion design
contra-0690	hey , what do you do for a living ?	hello , i work in my mommas restaurant .	hey , what do you do for a living ?	hello , i work in my mommas restaurant .	oh nice , that is a cool job . what do you do for fun ?	i read a lot , and go hiking with my dog .	those are both fun things to do .	i have seven siblings , one brother and six sisters . are you an only child ?	i am ! unless there are any surprise siblings that i do not know about .	lucky you ! what do you do for a living ?	i work in a warehouse as a forklift operator !	that is not a bad job . i want to go to school next year .	what do you want to do at school ?	photography . i think i could make a decent living at it .	that would be an awesome Job ! is photography a hobby of yours ?
contra-0691	hi , how are you today ?	good , i am in sales , what do you do for your work ?	hi , how are you today ?	good , i am in sales , what do you do for your work ?	i am enjoying a glass of wine , and you ?	i am listening to rush , i love them	i work from home as a skater	cool beans , do you have any other hobbies then sales ?	i like bluegrass , have you heard of that music ?	yeah but i do not like it	well , i like to read and watch youtube videos and you ?	i like to eat meat and plants , i eat both	fun fact about me is that i had a tail at birth , it was removed .	yeah my friend had that removed at his wedding last week when i attended	it was absented right way thou so i do not remember it .
contra-0692	hi there how are you today ?	i am good now that my girlfriend moved in with me . how are you	hi there how are you today ?	i am good now that my girlfriend moved in with me . how are you	that is a sin in the eyes of the catholic church i could not do that	my dog max likes her too so its all good . some catholics live together	yes but i grew up in a very strict Catholic family
contra-0693	hi there ! how are you today ?	i am very good thank you , tell me about yourself ?	hi there ! how are you today ?	i am very good thank you , tell me about yourself ?	i just completed my rn . what do you do ?	thanks cool , i am park ranger i hike in nature for my job	oh wow that is amazing . i cannot wait to get a full time nursing job !	i bet what are some of your hobbies ?	i love to go clothes shopping . what about you ?	i do too , one of my hobbies is to collect odd stickers	fun ! what about your family ? i am super close with my sister we are best friends .	same here ! my sister and i read each other our poetry	you do poetry too ? wow ! such an exciting life !	one of my favorite passions is food ! if it looks good i will try it at least once	do you cook a lot or just like eating it ?	both , i use to want to be a chef	how did you end up being a park ranger ?	my father was a park ranger and i enjoy the outdoors so i got right in
contra-0694	hello , how are you , how is day ?	pretty good thanks and you ?	hello , how are you , how is day ?	pretty good thanks and you ?	i fine thanks , my dream is fashion designer , and you ?	i have lots of dreams but work at mcdonalds	what is your hobbies and dreams ?
contra-0695	hey i am brianna hows it going	i am dan and its going good i just got back from hunting	hey i am brianna hows it going	i am dan and its going good i just got back from hunting	o what were you hunting	i am deer hunting . i work for a property management company	o i work for an animal shelter	for fun i working on fixing up old cars	o cool i have a band	cool what kind of music ?	its a rock band named simple plan	nerveless i also work as a handyman
contra-0696	good morning , have you went for a walk yet ? simon and i have .	hello ! my morning is great . no school today since i graduated from college .	good morning , have you went for a walk yet ? simon and i have .	hello ! my morning is great . no school today since i graduated from college .	very nice ! i am a retired banker , and sew . do you have any hobbies ?	i enjoy walking but my favorite hobby is participating in board games .	very fun ! i like monopoly . they have a quilting edition	i am terrible at seeing but enjoy perusing biographies .	i do not care for them at all . i like dean koontz .	my brother , who just said i do , loves monopoly !	how wonderful ! if he needs any investment advice , please have him call me .	i also raise cats for a hobby and have one who we call arizona .	that is a lovely name . my last kitten was nyx .	are you an investment advisor ?	i used to be . i am retired now , but i do give advice at times .	where did you come up with the name Nyx ?
contra-0697	hello . how are you this evening ?	i am doing fine . you ?	hello . how are you this evening ?	i am doing fine . you ?	doing very well , thank you . you male or female . i am a guy .	good to hear . i am a girl .	cool . how old are you ? i am 40 .	let me see , i have been forgetting ! i am 30 .	ah . single ? kids ? i have one child and i am divorced .	i am individual . i have not dated a lot until recently .
contra-0698	hey , do you have any pets	yes i have a hunting dog .	hey , do you have any pets	yes i have a hunting dog .	i have a lot of pets .	oh nice what do you do ?	i mainly just sit and look at mountains ,	ok i can sell you a house on a mountain .	i would like that . for how much ?	depends if you want a remote location with no neighbors or some neighbors .	none . i just want my animal	it be about a million for your house on a mountain	none . i just want my animal	animals over people are sometimes best .	none . i just need my animal
contra-0699	i pick things up and put them down . ah the life of a bodybuilder .	i am too old for that . but i try to walk a mile each day !	i pick things up and put them down . ah the life of a bodybuilder .	i am too old for that . but i try to walk a mile each day !	i have a brother bill . we go for walks sometimes .	that sounds lovely . i have a cat .	i love cats but as a doctor i am too busy for one .	i could not have one when i worked in banking . but now i have retired .	my mom is my secretary at my doctors office , we are super close .	that is so sweet ! i knit things for my children all the time	i wish i knew how to knit .	it is pretty simple , i took a class and now i am a pro !	i am making a ribeye right now . being a bodybuilder i eat alot of red meat .	you have to get that protein	yes i do . i tire out too easily if i do not .	have you always been into body building ?	no , my ex got me into it , believe it or not .	at least your ex-husband was good for something
contra-0700	hello , janice here . i am watching lord of the rings . what are you doing ?	i am published author and scared of dogs . you ?	hello , janice here . i am watching lord of the rings . what are you doing ?	i am published author and scared of dogs . you ?	i have two part time jobs , so no time for dogs .	i drink watered scotch . you ?	i love to read fantasy and watch it too .	what two positions do you work ?	one is writing fantasy books , but i am just starting .	and the other position is what ?	movie critic for lord of the rings movies .	great ! i have a book out entitled 100 do not do it stories .	i would read it if it were a fantasy Scripture .
contra-0701	hello how are you today	i am well . how are you ?	hello how are you today	i am well . how are you ?	i am doing great just got back from the beach	that is great . i live far from the beach .	i am very lucky we live beside the beach . what do you do for a living	i keep busy with my seven children .	wow that much have taken some adjusting i teach kindergarten	do you reach mysteries to your children ? they are my favorite type of novel .	no they are to young for that . i like mystery novels tho	do you teach them about animals , as i grew up on a farm .	yeah i teach them about farm animals and pets	great , how about colors ? my favorite is blue	yeah they learn all about colors and the alphabet .
contra-0702	hey there . how is it going ?	not bad . currently writing my third novel . all about romance .	hey there . how is it going ?	not bad . currently writing my third novel . all about romance .	how long have you been writing for ?	over 20 years . living far away on an island helps me gather thoughts .	i did not graduate from high school , so writing novels seems like a great achievement !	well , i keep to myself alot . not very social . wish i was more outgoing .	my two dogs are my best friends . do you have any pets ?	one dog and two cats . great companions . any children ?	i have one son and one daughter . how about you ?	nope , just the pets . i had a hard time finding someone .	did you stop looking ?	sort of . i am very content but sometimes i get lonely .	maybe you could reach out a bit and find a group with a similar hobby ?	i could . are you married ?	i am not married . are you male or female ?	distaff . trying to think of a new story to write . any ideas ?
contra-0703	hi , tracy here . my divorce is final today . cannot wait to tell my kids .	congratulations ! i married my high school sweetheart while working in hollister .	hi , tracy here . my divorce is final today . cannot wait to tell my kids .	congratulations ! i married my high school sweetheart while working in hollister .	wow ! you still together ? i sell things i hand make on ebay . i have two children .	yes . too long . we are skateboarders who travel together to do shows .	how long you have been married ? i divorced because i was bored with doug .	25 years this july . we still like going to bluegrass concerts together .	do you and your sweetheart work ? what kind of shows do you do ?
contra-0704	hello , how are you today ?	hi . i am fine . my parents would be mad if they knew i was up .	hello , how are you today ?	hi . i am fine . my parents would be mad if they knew i was up .	that is funny , do you read drama like me ?	i do not read much , but i do listen to pink floyd .	i like them almost as much as video games	i love video plots ! what 14 year old does not ? what do you do ?
contra-0705	what up ! bruce here . ex marine , one leg and agent put me in a wheelchair .	interesting combo . i am a big robert frost fan .	what up ! bruce here . ex marine , one leg and agent put me in a wheelchair .	interesting combo . i am a big robert frost fan .	great ! agent orange put me in a wheelchair .	why did he do that ?	agent is a chemical used in the vietnam war . it still makes me tired .	oh . gosh . i guess you would not enjoy hiking , then .	no i think not . is 69 old ? if it is i am old .
contra-0706	hey there w are you ?	pretty good . my three daughters and i just saw heart in concert .	hey there w are you ?	pretty good . my three daughters and i just saw heart in concert .	i despise cats , so devilish .	that is funny . mine just caught a mole today , it was yucky .	i can not stand my dad ugh	oh , my , you seem like you are having a bad day . need a hug ?	ugh , i love some good fried onions	i can not keep up with how fast you keep changing topics . need an onion ?	no i am having a awesome day !	oh , i thought you were taking your anger out on Caterpillars and your dad .
contra-0707	hello , how are you ? did you eat your bacon this morning ?	no ! i am a jew ! i assume you like bacon ?	hello , how are you ? did you eat your bacon this morning ?	no ! i am a jew ! i assume you like bacon ?	i wish meat . steaks are cool too . you can have one of those
contra-0708	just got home from the hospital . listening to jazz , my favorite . and you ?	i like music to relax . but mostly to read	just got home from the hospital . listening to jazz , my favorite . and you ?	i like music to relax . but mostly to read	i like to read ! and run after a day of caring for kids .	what do you like to read ? i like biographies	mostly medical journals . oh , and vintage cars . i love them .	i like to cook . it is a challenge to cook something my son will eat	between my marriage , my practice and my own 2 kids , i do not cook often .	i guess that means a lot pizza	yeah ! but as a pediatrician , i do like to sneak in the veggies and fruit !	that usually requires bribing my son with extra screen time	not too much of that ! its not good for them !	well i have learned to pick my battles	that is true , too . i do that with my husband !	ha . yea with my husband i bribe him with extra dessert
contra-0709	hi , tracy here . divorce , two kids , ex named doug .	hi , its good you are part of your kids lives i did not know my mother .	hi , tracy here . divorce , two Kids , ex named doug .
contra-0710	i love animals ! how about you !	me too ! how are you today ?	i love animals ! how about you !	me too ! how are you today ?	i am a bit busy but i love to meet people .	great ! what is your favorite animal ? i love riding horses on my dads farm	i love turtles ! i just bought one .	awe , i love turtles too . any hobbies ?	i love to play ultimate frisbee	cool . my favorite hobby is watching horror films	have you ever been to bora bora ?	no , can not say that i have . you ?	yes ! my parents live over there !	wow ! and here i am . my mom is just a teacher in south carolina . xd	i need to think of a name for my turtlenecks girlfriend .
contra-0711	hello . how are you ? i am in sale . what about you ?	hello . how are you ? i am a middle schooler	hello . how are you ? i am in sale . what about you ?	hullo . how are you ? i am a middle schooler
contra-0712	good evening , how are you	super duper . i am hanging out with my new cat .	good evening , how are you	super duper . i am hanging out with my new cat .	that is awesome . i am just hanging with my boys playing video games	cool , i like hanging with my mom as well .	that is a very good thing . i have two boys they love me so much	are they in school yet ?	yes they are . . . they attend in after schoolhouse while i work
contra-0713	hi , tracy here . my divorce is final today . cannot wait to tell my kids .	congratulations ! i married my high school sweetheart while working in hollister .	hi , tracy here . my divorce is final today . cannot wait to tell my kids .	congratulations ! i married my high school sweetheart while working in hollister .	wow ! you still together ? i sell things i hand make on ebay . i have two children .	yes . too long . we are skateboarders who travel together to do shows .	how long you have been married ? i divorced because i was bored with doug .	25 years this july . we still like going to bluegrass concerts together .	do you and your sweetheart work ? what kind of shows do you do ?
contra-0714	hi how are you doing	i am good . what are you doing today ?	hi how are you doing	i am good . what are you doing today ?	playing guitar in my apartment	wow ! i just got back from walking a mile . i tried to do that everyday	that is a good idea exercise is great for you	yes . other than playing guitar , what other hobbies do you have ?	i live with my brothers so we spend a lot of time together	after retiring from banking , i make quilts for my family . do you have any pets ?	that is nice i want to get a dog	i own a siamese cat named stormy . what kind of dog do you want ?	i am not sure probably one that does not shed a lot	lol ! that would be a lot of cleaning up to do .	yeah a lot of work i am not ready for	what do you do for a living ?	i work at a coffee shop looking for a new job	i see . what kind of task are you looking for ?
contra-0715	hey , do you have any pets	yes i have a hunting dog .	hey , do you have any pets	yes i have a hunting dog .	i have a lot of pets .	oh nice what do you do ?	i mainly just sit and look at mountains ,	ok i can sell you a house on a mountain .	i would like that . for how much ?	depends if you want a remote location with no neighbors or some neighbors .	none . i just want my animal	it be about a million for your house on a mountain	none . i just need my animal
contra-0716	hey , do you have any pets	yes i have a hunting dog .	hey , do you have any pets	yes i have a hunting dog .	i have a lot of pets .	oh nice what do you do ?	i mainly just sit and look at mountains ,	ok i can sell you a house on a mountain .	i would like that . for how much ?	depends if you want a remote location with no neighbors or some neighbors .	none . i just want my animal	it be about a million for your house on a mountain	none . i just want my animal	animals over people are sometimes best .	none . i just need my animal
contra-0717	hello , how was your day ?	it was good , i got took a nice hike in the mountains near my house	hello , how was your day ?	it was good , i got took a nice hike in the mountains near my house	i have always thought i was too short to go on hikes	nonsense , no ones too short to hike	short people are always having trouble keeping up with taller people	that is the grandiloquenter persons problem , i am tall and i always try and slow down
contra-0718	hi how are you ? i am in jail right now .	i am good . . . not in jail , lol .	hi how are you ? i am in jail right now .	i am good . . . not in jail , lol .	i stole a water bottle from the store and ended up here .	oh . i am a managerial consultant in wisconsin .	wow ! i have always wanted to be a fashion designer .	maybe once you get out of jail you can be .	yeah but my ex boyfriend from high school is dating my best friend now .	oh that stinks . i am single .	i am too , i think it is my parents fault	what type of music do you listen to ?	i really like pop . you ?	i like rock and pop . metallica is my favorite .	i like metallica too but my future kids probably will not .	i guess i want a couple of kids one day .
contra-0719	hi . how is your day going ?	great , just got home from work . how are you ?	hi . how is your day going ?	great , just got home from work . how are you ?	not bad . the teens at the shelter were great today . what is your profession ?	i work at a help desk . so you work with homeless teens ?	yep . i am a mentor of sorts . thinking of cooking . you had supper ?	i did , i eat dinner while watching the news . what are you cooking ?	italian food . chicken alfredo . sigh .	is that not your favorite food ?	yep . what is your favorite food ?	i like to eat chinese and Italian
contra-0720	hello how are you ?	i am good but busy , you ?	hello how are you ?	i am good but busy , you ?	doing well just playing with my dog who is 180 pounds	what breed of dog is it ?	a akita named keiko we go for super long walks	sounds great , i love long walks , and being active in general .	what is your favorite thing to do while being active ?	just betting sports . any sport , really .
contra-0721	hello , janice here . taking a break from studying .	hello , i am mia . i know the feeling , i homeschool my daughter .	hello , janice here . taking a break from studying .	hello , i am mia . i know the feeling , i homeschool my daughter .	i am in my last year of high school and ready for college !	good luck ! what are you going to go for ?	the medical field , probably a doctor .	very cool . i am a morning person , i sell crafts at the farmers market .	wow , i love shopping and looking for clothes at the market .	i do too , but the shops here all have cats . i am allergic .	i almost ran over a cat in my vw beetle .	oh no . that is horrible . i hope it is okay .	yes , i am taking him with me to auburn university next year .	nice ! had i went to school , i would have went there as a legacy .	well , i am 17 and will be moving next fall .
contra-0722	hi . how are you today ?	great ! how are you doing ?	hi . how are you today ?	great ! how are you doing ?	not happy . crabby actually . maybe i should listen to my favorite band .	oh no ! i am sorry . what is your favorite band ?	i like simple plan . do you have a favorite music group ?	i like rock , but i like a wide variety too	i try to listen to stuff at work that the animals like . i am a kennel cleaner .	oh neat ! i have a dog named ginger . do you have pets too ?	no . but i find people are harder to get alone with . i should get a pet .	they are so rewarding and are great company !	yeah . there is only one person i really like , the niece of my boss .	oh , is she a romantic interest ? or just a friend ?	acquaintance . sorry i have been so crabby . my personality i guess . you have friends ?
contra-0723	hello ! i am so happy it is finally fall !	i am too , it really is my favorite season !	hello ! i am so happy it is finally fall !	i am too , it really is my favorite season !	mine too ! the weather is so perfect for ultimate frisbee .	it is also the best season for fashions , my future goals include being a designer !	my future goal is to find a girlfriend for timothy , my turtle .	aww so sweet ! i have put relationships on hold , but someday i see kids in my life .	i am not ready for a relationship right now , even though i love people .	i raised myself with my parents gone , then was caught stealing , so i am working on me .	i am doing the same .	i have a rocky background too , my best friend stole my high school sweetheart .	aww . how horrible . the man i love lives in another state , 1800 miles away .	that sounds hard . you should take things one day at a time , like me .	i do . i am focusing on me .	i wish you all the best with your turtleneck , you take care of yourself !
contra-0724	good evening ! how are you	i am good i am eating pizza which is the best food	good evening ! how are you	i am good i am eating pizza which is the best food	that sounds yummy . i am getting ready for bed	i am also i have a big family 6 sisters and one brother	i do not have any family . just my new cat	i work for my moms restaurant part time what do you do ?	i make clothing , i make all my own clothes and also sell some	cool i wish i could do that . i stutter when i get excited with things	you should try singing . i sing folk music .	good idea . i like to read romances about paranormal things	that is a very specific interest	do you like to watch movies ?	not really . i like listening to music more	cool what kind of music do you like ?	mostly that folk music , some jazz and country too	cool i like most euphony but usually country
contra-0725	hello , you play monopoly ? i do . i read 52 books a year . you ?	wow , that is great ! i collect small bears .	hello , you play monopoly ? i do . i read 52 books a year . you ?	wow , that is great ! i collect small bears .	get out ! i collect mcdonalds toys . you play sorry ? i do . arizona is my cat .	i volunteer for an organization and work at the hospital as an rn .	great ! you play checkers ? i do . i like reading about people lives .	interesting . i love collecting all things that look like nature my favorite color .	hmmm . i like to play doctor instead of chess with my ex doug . you sing ?	yes i sing when i have a chance mostly in the shower .	wow ! my friend merna sings in the shower . the other tenants complain to the landlord .	green reminds me of nature . i care to play games like blitz .
contra-0726	hello , how is your day going	hi . my day is good . i am hanging out with both of my sons .	hello , how is your day going	hi . my day is good . i am hanging out with both of my sons .	cool , sounds like fun . just as much fun as cross stitch and quilts	i love those crafts ! right now i am into my aquarium filled with exotic fish .	i am what you would call a baby boomer , explains the quilting passion	you might like my collection of decorations . they are 50s vintage !	sure , it would bring back old memories . especially when my dad served in the military	that is awesome . what do you eat for breakfast ? mine is granola every day .	oatmeal fan over here . my parents were immigrants , they raised me on oats everyday .	that is very healthy . i like it . do you eat fish ?	yes i do eat angle . i love it
contra-0727	hello , how are you doing today ?	i am well how are you	hello , how are you doing today ?	i am well how are you	good , i am about to do a photo shoot . what do you do for a living ?	i am actually in middle school	oh really ? i remember those days . xd what do you like to do for fun ?	i take tae kwon do	awesome ! bet it keeps you in good shape . i have to stay fit for my job .	what do you do for a keep
contra-0728	hi . just checking out my new blue hair in the mirror . whats up ?	i love blue hair , my live in girlfriend has blue hair too !	hi . just checking out my new blue hair in the mirror . whats up ?	i love blue hair , my live in girlfriend has blue hair too !	fun ! i would probably like her . california all the way baby . where are you from ?	maryland , studying law at johns hopkins	cool . maybe i will go to college there . homeschooling right now .	that is cool ; do you have pets ? my dog max says hi .	hi , max . no pets , but i have a robot . she is my best friend .
contra-0729	hi do you have any pet	i do not . my apartment does not allow any . how about you ?	hi do you have any pet	i do not . my apartment does not allow any . how about you ?	yes i had a cat but am allergic to cats	i should have a dog being a single girl of 32 . but i am scared .	but a dog is lots of fun	they are terrifying . and he would distract me from my love stories .	ok i had one name curie lots of fun	what do you do for work ?	i do care giver more of the time , what about you	one day , a chef . that is my goal . i get distracted though .	ok , i live in a shall time , what about you	apartment in the city . have any hobbies ?	ok , i like to go fishing	i just like my movies and books . sappy romance is my favorite .	that good i like books movies too .
contra-0730	hello , how are you today	i am great ! just walked my dog , charlie . how about you ?	hello , how are you today	i am great ! just walked my dog , charlie . how about you ?	i am petting my one and only cat . where are you from	my family and i are from australia . where are you from ?	that is different , i live in seattle and have two roommates	what do you do in Seattle ? i have never been .
contra-0731	hello , janice here . i am watching lord of the rings . what are you doing ?	i am published author and scared of dogs . you ?	hello , janice here . i am watching lord of the rings . what are you doing ?	i am published author and scared of dogs . you ?	i have two part time jobs , so no time for wieners .
contra-0732	hey ! . nice to meet you . me and my folks are currently in arkansas . you ?	i am from all over . i just cannot stay still so i move a lot .	hey ! . nice to meet you . me and my folks are currently in arkansas . you ?	i am from all over . i just cannot stay still so i move a lot .	nice . so are you living by yourself ? .	yes , i am divorced and the kids live with my wife	okay . currently i moved in with my male siblings located in chicago .	i am building a tiny house by myself . then i will probably carve something	so do you usually stay in hotels ? . i live in an apartment .	i drive my rv around so i do not have to be still	oh by the way carving is cool . i am into tattoos . have many of them .	nice . i enjoy tattoos too .	so what do you do besides building a mansion ? . i work as a batista .
contra-0733	good evening , hello there whats up	hello how are you doing	good evening , hello there whats up	hello how are you doing	i am tired as heck , like the cold ?	is your name tara by any chance	lol no wish cheese ? i do
contra-0734	i collect teddy bears . do you collect anything ?	not really . i like to study , usually biology at the university .	i collect teddy bears . do you collect anything ?	not really . i like to study , usually biology at the university .	i am a nurse . i spend a lot of time in classes .	so you understand ! i love to study ! i am not much of a drinker .	i study if i have to but it is not a favorite activity of mine .	so you want to be a nurse ? i would like to be a marine biologist .	i already am a nanny .
contra-0735	hey there how are you ?	i am doing good . i finally got a moment to myself .	hey there how are you ?	i am doing good . i finally got a moment to myself .	that is always nice , like projects ?	what kind of projects do you mean ?	like the kind that need trash	interesting , do you have a job ?	i do but it is nasty i clean out cages	do you work at a vet ?	no i do not a research facility	oh , that sounds horrible . i work part time at my moms pizza restaurant .	what kind of pizza is the special ?	i bbq chicken pizza , it is so good . i recommend it .	cool , my feet are so ugh i hide them	i have a bit of a stutter when i get over excited .	Ohio that is okay we all have something
contra-0736	i just get in a from a run . i do it to relieve my stress .	that is good , i body build to release stress .	i just get in a from a run . i do it to relieve my stress .	that is good , i body build to release stress .	do you do jujitsu as part of your work out	no , do you ? i eat a lot of meat to get protein but never martial arts	i am learning , still fairly new to the practice .	yeah continue it , do you have any siblings ? i have a brother	i do not , only child .	what does your mom do ? mines a secretary	she is a teacher i am hoping to follow in her footsteps .	nice , my profession is a doctor , i enjoy it apart from body building	that is cool , do you like helping people	of course , do you help masseses ?
contra-0737	good morning ? do you have any jobs	good afternoon from pennsylvania . i am currently a medical scribe preparing to apply to medical school .	good morning ? do you have any jobs	good afternoon from pennsylvania . i am currently a medical scribe preparing to apply to medical school .	oh , i thought you had an idea of a vacancy any were	where are you currently from ?	am from the state of ohio	do you like it there ?	the place where i stay is fine but the issue is i need a job	what types of jobs are you looking for ? what education or skills can you offer ?	am a skilled carpenter and can also do electrical installations	that is impressive . search for some job openings online .	i also applied for some jobs there but they have not replied me yet	keep waiting . rest hopeful . there is always need for carpenters !
contra-0738	hey , nice to meet you . how are you doing today ? anything fun ?	nice to meet you . i am doing well , i just went shopping .	hey , nice to meet you . how are you doing today ? anything fun ?	nice to fulfil you . i am doing well , i just went shopping .
contra-0739	hi ! how are you tonight ?	good ! how are you doing ?	hi ! how are you tonight ?	good ! how are you doing ?	i am great ! just got home from choir practice .	welcome home . i got home awhile ago from my hair stylist job .	choir is just for fun . i am a mentor for troubled teens .	sounds like an important job . what do you do for playfulness ?
contra-0740	hey there ! whats your favorite movie ? mine is titanic	mine is captain america , civil war ! my daddy took me to see it before he died .	hey there ! whats your favorite movie ? mine is titanic	mine is captain america , civil war ! my daddy took me to see it before he died .	wow ! i seen titanic like 10 times an i just became a new daddy	i like to dance , i pretend the winter soldier is my boyfriend .	cute , i like to model cars as a past time .	my parents and i lived on edris island , before they died . where are you ?	i am in U.S. , i did study abroad for a few years when i was in college .
contra-0741	hi there ! where are you from ?	mississippi . best jazz around ! how about you ?	hi there ! where are you from ?	mississippi . best jazz around ! how about you ?	california ! not much jazz around here though !	i was just there for a vintage car show . nice state !	my justest friend eve 9000 and i like car shows sometimes !
contra-0742	hi there , how are you ?	hey ! i am great , thanks for asking . how are you ?	hi there , how are you ?	hey ! i am great , thanks for asking . how are you ?	doing good . just got in from work . sales can be rough	oh that does sound rough , i want to do fashion .	that sounds cool . i sometimes do graphic design for fashion .	that sounds awesome ! that is what i want to do . fashion innovation .
contra-0743	hi ! how are you ? do you have any hobbies ?	hi . yeah , i guess . i love going to the theater for movies .	hi ! how are you ? do you have any hobbies ?	hi . yeah , i guess . i love going to the theater for movies .	that is cool ! do you have a favorite movie ?	yeah , i like love actually , i watch it with my husband .	cool ! i like to watch tv with my cat .	i like tv too , but my husband is always complaining i need to exercise more	that is sad . i exercise every day . i walk 1 mile daily .	oh ? i hate to exercise , i would rather stay home all day , frankly .	really ? i like to exercise but sometimes i just stay home and sew .	huh , what sorts of things do you sew ?	i like to tailor-make quilts ! i give them away as gifts to family members .
contra-0744	hey there how are you today ?	i am good . you ? what do you do for a living ?	hey there how are you today ?	i am good . you ? what do you do for a living ?	i am in the stock market industry	i used to by a geology teacher . now , i go arctic exploring . ice is interesting .	how about yourself ? i miss my old folks .	i am in search for lost explorers . i want to help them to go home .	really ? where are you looking at ?	north pole . it is where i learn to ice fish and hunt polar bears to eat .	cool , any pets i have 1 , charlie .	i have a husky . he is my true companion in the harsh cold weather .	i bet ! whats your favorite food ?	i really miss a bowl of spaghetti and meatballs . yours ?	no only i like eggplant parmigiana , ever had it ?	yes , i have . it is pretty tasty .	yes it is , have you ever been to my country ?	where is your state ? where are you from ?
contra-0745	hi how are you today	good just tired . i just got back from a long day of work . how are you ?	hi how are you today	good just tired . i just got back from a long day of work . how are you ?	i just went hiking also tired	that sounds like fun ! i love the outdoors . i especially like gardening	do you ever go camping ?	yes as long as the campsite is not near lakes or rivers ! do you ?	are you afraid of water then ?	yes , ever since i was a kid . what about you ? any crazy phobias ?	nothing really sorry to let you down	that is good ! what are you doing right now ? i am watching the game	what is the score to it ? listening to music	14 10 . my boys the ohio state buckeyes are up by 4 ! what medicine ?
contra-0746	hello , how are you doing today ?	doing well . i live in ohio and my job is in a factory . you ?	hello , how are you doing today ?	doing well . i live in ohio and my job is in a factory . you ?	i am working in an animal shelter . cleaning kennels is no fun .	i hear ya . i get dirty workings in my garden .
contra-0747	hello there . where are you from ?	i am from a low income apartment complex in wv	hello there . where are you from ?	i am from a low income apartment complex in wv	interesting . i am not far off , from pa .	i could run to pa it is so close . i am a big runner	i enjoy cycling . i ride 3 4 times per week .	i cycle my butt to work at burger king that is it	do you race marathons ? or , are you a sprinter ?
contra-0748	there are four people in my family . how about yours ?	just two right now and a siamese cat .	there are four people in my household . how about yours ?
contra-0749	i have the world record for the most tattoos	that is awesome ! i am retiring in five years .	i have the world record for the most tattoos	that is awesome ! i am retiring in five years .	you should get a tattoo to celebrate ! !	i have them , my favorite is of a barbecue pit .	oh i like that . my ducky is the one in my right nostril .
contra-0750	hi how are you today	not bad just got done playing second life	hi how are you today	not bad just got done playing second life	very good do you have any cats ?	yes , i a also a furry	that is no good i am allergic	oh , i understand . i have some allergies too	do you wake up early ?	not really , i stay up late online	did you go to public school ?	not anymore because i am 28	Ohio i was homeschooled it was odd
contra-0751	hey , how are you today ?	i hate my weight from my three kids	hey , how are you today ?	i hate my weight from my three kids	i am sorry to heart that . how old are your kids ?	it sucks because they are a drain on my life	i will have to pass this info along to my brother . he just got married	you should it very hard to handle them	thanks for the warning . what do you do for enjoyment ? to relax ?	i enjoy cooking a lot its very relaxing	that is cool . i do not care much for cooking .	it is very nice you should try it	i really should . my cat , arizona , would appreciate a good steak or something	that is also why i am fat i can not stop eating	well at least they are home cooked meals , and not from a fast food joint .	half of them are , i love fast nutrient
contra-0752	hello , how are you this evening ?	great just working at pet smart	hello , how are you this evening ?	great just working at pet smart	i do not have any pets , all of that hair would get all over my quilts .	when i get off i am going to go running and listen to nirvana the greatest band ever	i like nirvana . are you in the military ?	then i might do some musician work on the guitar	my father was in the korean war , we are a patriotic family .	what did your father do mine was a police officer	mine was an officer in the military . my husband is an officer .	what music do you like my favorite is nirvana	i like vietnam era rock .	i miss my dad he was a police officeholder i need to go running
contra-0753	hi , i am a body builder . do you like sports ?	no , i am too busy working two part time jobs .	hi , i am a body builder . do you like sports ?	no , i am too busy working two part time jobs .	i hear ya . i work two jobs as well . do you like country music ?	no , i like to write and read books .	oh really ? me too . what kind of books do you read ?	i love fantasy . i am a huge fan ! what kind of books do you like ?	fantasy also and true crime . i also ran a blog about rabbits .	i wish to write a book someday . a book about dragons .	you can totally do it ! how old are you ?	i am 25 years old . i have an active imagination .	do you also like to draw dragons ?	yes , one of my jobs is in a comic shop . are you an athlete ?	oh wow , cool ! yes , i body build competitively .	are you a personal trainer ? is that your second job ?	yes , i am . i also work in information technology running a county website .	is it a site to help solve murders ?
contra-0754	hello how are you this morning	i am good . going to the gym in a few minutes	hello how are you this morning	i am good . going to the gym in a few minutes	good for you , that is very healthy . i am busy watching fox news	oh no i hate fox news . so do my dad and brother	oh dear . i am sorry to hear that . do you have any children	no i do not . too busy going out for sushi to have kids . you ?	i do have children . what kind of sushi do you eat	nothing with fish since i am a vegan . how many children do you have ?	i have three , they are three months , 18 months , and 12 .	you must be engaged ! can you still work out with 3 kids ?
contra-0755	hello . i just got off work at a warehouse .	sounds exhausting ! i admire your ability to do manual labor !	hello . i just got off work at a warehouse .	sounds exhausting ! i admire your ability to do manual labor !	actually i drive a forklift . i lift weights to stay in shape .	i prefer home workouts , but mostly just workin this pizza lol	i love pizza ! i eat it while i watch scary movies .	spooky movies give me the heebie jeebies and my dogs just bark at the scary times lol	barbecue is my favorite food	heck yeah ! the guys love when i bring barbecue to sunday football !	what team do you root for ?	all of them ! i just love the time together and the sport you ?	steelers fan here . i wanted to be a linebacker . i am big enough .	awesome . how do you remain so fit ?
contra-0756	hi ! how are you tonight ?	hi ! i am joanna and i love scary horror movies .	hi ! how are you tonight ?	hi ! i am joanna and i love scary horror movies .	scarey movies are too much for me . . i spend most of my time with my band .
contra-0757	hello . i am eating sausage and bacon for breakfast . what are you having ?	i just finished bacon and pancakes .	hello . i am eating sausage and bacon for breakfast . what are you having ?	i just finished bacon and pancakes .	as a doctor i should know to eat less bacon but it is just so god	that is true . i am studying to become a fashion designer .	so cool ! since i am into bodybuilding i do not wear many clothes	i lifted weights in prison . i did some time for stealing .	oh so did my brother . my secretary mom was so upset about it	my parents do not care about me . they are hardly ever around .	i am sorry to hear that . do you have any siblings or kids ?	i would love to be a mom but i am trying to turn my life around .	good luck ! i have seen many success stories in my work as a Doctor
contra-0758	how is your day going so far ?	good , just gardening in my large garden !	how is your day going so far ?	good , just gardening in my large garden !	that sounds fun ! i am tending to my meat rabbits	meat rabbits ? do you like traveling ? i love it	i hike and camp in the mountains does that count ?	yes , definitely . i have been to 6 countries actually .	i enjoy meat , find it healthier to raise and butcher myself	that vocalizes so harsh , but i like meat as well . i guess i get it
contra-0759	hi there how are you doing ?	i am good , thanks ! and you ?	hi there how are you doing ?	i am good , thanks ! and you ?	feeling pretty well . have a gig to get ready for shortly	you performing there or going as audience member ?	doing , it is a secondary lead part i want . as long as i am not singing
contra-0760	hello ! i hope you have heard of the band rush	yes . i listen to them as i recover from surgery .	hello ! i hope you have heard of the band rush	yes . i listen to them as i recover from surgery .	neil peart is an incredible drummer . i listen to them while i do graphic design	cool . he is . like me , he eats sardines for breakfast daily .	that is a tough item to swallow first thing in the morning .	yeah , i have to because i never finished hogh school .	well that is something to learn from . maybe get a job in sales like me	maybe , only if i can play frisbee with my two large dogs .	are their names bruce and willis	that is amazing . how did you guess ?	us omnivores just know a thing or two about bruce willis	can you do some graphical design of my two large dogs .
contra-0761	how are you this evening ?	i am great and you	how are you this evening ?	i am great and you	ok . i was struggling in my fashion designer class .	after a hard day i listen to some oldies	my folks were always out of town when i was young so i listened to their oldies .	o.k. , oldies and barbeque restaurants are my favorite
contra-0762	hi there , how are you this evening	i am fine . i am sore from physical training .	hi there , how are you this evening	i am fine . i am sore from physical training .	what are you training for ?	i am in the army .	that is awesome ! i enjoy working out too , but just to stay in shape	yeah , we work out every day , so staying in shape is no problem .	my father and brother were both in the USA , i remember them telling me about it
contra-0763	hey i love bobs burgers ! i love tv and movies !	good evening how are you ?	hey i love bobs burgers ! i love tv and movies !	good evening how are you ?	i am great ! i am having my favorite food ice cream . what about you ?	i love to eat red meat .	me too ! i do not like to work our or any physical activity really .	my dad just retired 2 years ago .	nice , is he a homebody ? i am .	my mom is a doctor at a senior citizen home .	she must enjoy spending time with elderly people .	i go camping 6 times a year and hiking every month .	do you camp in national parks or elsewhere ?	i clique in my backyard
contra-0764	hi there how ar you doing	i am doing great , how are you doing ?	hi there how ar you doing	i am doing great , how are you doing ?	excellent . where are you from	i am from california . where are you from ?	texas . the floods were tough	sorry to hear that , did you get impacted ?	we did , but not as bad as where the hurricane originally hit	that is good to hear . what is your favorite hobby ?	i hang out online as much as i can	what do you do online ?	i do readings for people . and sell my spirit paintings	that is very interesting . how many people do you get a day ?	depends . sometimes zero . others , ten or twenty . depends on my energy level	oh ok pretty cool , what about spirit paintings ?
contra-0765	hello . how are you ? my 3 girls are driving me crazy ! haha	i am 12 , so i probably drive my mom crazy , too ! rollercoasters are awesome !	hello . how are you ? my 3 girls are driving me crazy ! haha	i am 12 , so i probably drive my mom sick , too ! rollercoasters are awesome !
contra-0766	good evening , how are you ?	hello , i am doing very well tonight . just got back from the gym .	good evening , how are you ?	hello , i am doing very well tonight . just got back from the gym .	awesome how did you do	i did okay , it was leg day . i am a weight lifter .	that is awesome . tell me more about yourself	i am a pediatrician and a carnivore . you ?	i am an established writer	nice ! what have you wrote ?	i love to write about romance . i have not published any yet	oh , okay . i thought you were established and issued .
contra-0767	hi how are you today	hello ! i am fine . i am listening music .	hi how are you today	hello ! i am fine . i am listening music .	and how are you today ?	i am pretty fine . what about you ?	i am good are you tall ?	i am just 5 . 2 i am not grandiloquent lol you ?
contra-0768	hi do you have any hobbies i collect bacon stickers	i do an you have what lol	hi do you have any hobbies i collect bacon stickers	i do an you have what lol	i collect and trade bacon stickers	like books ? i write love books with my 2 cats	i read poetry about food	oh okay i am pretty introvert	i am willing to try any kind of oreo once	what is your fav food poem ?	ode to bacon i listen to it on my hikes	lol eww you mad weird lol	nah there are alot of people alike me eat bacon with oreos on swing sets
contra-0769	hi there ! how you doing today ? i just got home from school .	hi i am doing good , how are you doing and how was school ?	hi there ! how you doing today ? i just got home from school .	hi i am doing good , how are you doing and how was school ?	it was okay . i am only 5 feet tall , so kids make fun of me .	oh no that is not very nice , what grade are you in ?	10th . mom and dad yell at my sister for picking on me , too .	oh ok that is very mean that people are picking on you .
contra-0770	hello ! tell me about yourself ?	i really like to stay at home at watch a movie with my darling hubby . you ?	hello ! tell me about yourself ?	i really like to stay at home at watch a movie with my darling hubby . you ?	that sounds nice ! i am a nurse who loves zoos and teddy bears .	aww do you collect shimmy bears ? my sweet sweet husband buys me them
contra-0771	how are you tonight ? did you go to college ?	i am good . i prefer artistic endeavors to scholarly ones . you ?	how are you tonight ? did you go to college ?	i am good . i prefer esthetic endeavors to scholarly ones . you ?
contra-0772	hello , do you like tupac ?	i love tupac . he is great to listen to while weightlifting .	hello , do you like tupac ?	i love tupac . he is great to listen to while weightlifting .	i listen to him while playing tennis and running .	that sounds bold . you remind me of theodore roosevelt . who do you look up to ?	indiana jones . i want to be just like him .	i used to act out his movies at home with my sister .	my friends and i do that as well . it is so fun .	we should get together and act . we could pretend to rescue rabbits for my blog .	i have a blog as well , a photography one .	maybe i have seen it . my sister helps me distinguish red from green .	oh , you are color blind . my cousin is as well .	OH , coincidence ! it is weird looking at a picture of tim mcgraw differently than others .
contra-0773	hello , how are you today ?	doing great thanks ! how are you ? are you working ?	hello , how are you today ?	doing great thanks ! how are you ? are you working ?	i am well , just got off work actually !	yeah ! what do you do ? i work fast food for now .	i work as a nurse . the hours can be crazy at times , but i like it .	a nurse ? super impressive . i did not finish high school but hope to go back one day .	thank you , i love it ! you said you work fast food right now ?	yeah , it does not pay much but it is a job . what are your hobbies ?	i really enjoy cooking . what about you ?	i reside in low income housing sans gym , so i started running . i love it !	running is so good for you ! do you plan to run any marathons ?	i am currently in training for one really ! do you have any pets or animals ?
contra-0774	hi how are you doing ? i just got the kids to bed	how many kids do you have	hi how are you doing ? i just got the kids to bed	how many kids do you have	3 and a wife but she is at work	oh cool . no kids for me	oh i am sorry . do you like poker ? i am always playing that online	i have not really played before .	oh its fun once you get the hang of it what do you do for work ?	i like to stay fit i am a personal trainer	awesome i went into carpentry actually built my own house	that is so coolheaded .
contra-0775	hey how is it going	i am pretty good . just got the kids to bed	hey how is it going	i am pretty good . just got the kids to bed	i still need to do that , i am a single dad	how many kids do you have ? i have 2	3 2 boys and girl	both of mine are girls . how old are you ? i am 34	40 years old , what you do for living , single ?	i work in real estate . i have been there for awhile	nice ! i work on airplanes , love working with my hands	nice . that is really impressive .	how old are your girls ?	they are both five dayses old . twins
contra-0776	hi there how are you today ?	i am good , and how are you ?	hi there how are you today ?	i am good , and how are you ?	i am good just relaxing i am currently in south korea serving	i thank you for serving !	thank you where are you from i am from puerto rico	i am just packing to move to nyc !	wow that is awesome where from	i am originally from california though !	o ok well i hope you like it . i could never move there	how come ? i am moving to nyc for modeling !	i tend to be violent person with large crowds	also , i enjoy karaoke , but i am not very good at it !	i like it too with a few shots in me	i do not like crowes either . i like to stay to myself	yea most people my age want to be at bars and what not	i do not care those , nor do i drink
contra-0777	hi how are you doing i am good .	hi . i am doing pretty well . listening to heart , the band . you like music ?	Hawaii how are you doing i am good .
contra-0778	hello how are you doing	i am doing great . how are you ?	hello how are you doing	i am doing great . how are you ?	i am quite dandy here	why you spend time in amazon turk ?	i like to play sports . how about you ?	i like fishing , and hunting for bears	i like to do those things too minus the bear hunt
contra-0779	hey there how are you i seen a spider an cried i hate snakes too	i am good . yikes i hate spiders too	hey there how are you i seen a spider an cried i hate snakes too	i am good . yikes i hate spiders too	yes i hate them , married ? i am not with no kids	nope and no kids either . i love my horses like kids	really ? my parents died 2 years ago	sorry to hear that ! must be hard	yes it is they died in accident , i also am a writer	i am hoping retire soon maybe i can write then	oh what are you retiring from ?	construction , my left leg hurts every day	wow why ? i am a engineer	just from all years pouring concrete . what kind engineer	i bet , computer is the form
contra-0780	hey there , are you a fellow student ?	no i am not . i graduated in may . you ?	hey there , are you a fellow student ?	no i am not . i graduated in may . you ?	i am still a student , although struggling . congrats on graduating	thank you . how old are you ?	i am a 40 year old student . engaged to my live in girlfriend . u in relationship ?	i am 24 , i was with my ex for 4 years , he is engaged with another one .	bummer . fave things ? mine are my dog , max , and traveling and adventuring .	i love tripping too . have you ever been to egypt or dubai ?
contra-0781	hey i am brianna hows it going	i am dan and its going good i just got back from hunting	hey i am brianna hows it going	i am dan and its going good i just got back from hunting	o what were you hunting	i am deer search . i work for a property management company
contra-0782	i was wondering if you have any advice on getting rid of spiders inside	i do not to scared lol	i was wondering if you have any advice on getting rid of spiders inside	i do not to scared lol	me too . i can make up scarier characters , but not squish a spider	lol why not ? what is your fav color ?	navy blue , black , grey , white . where did you go to college ?	i went to u of i	oh mit alum . . . . how do you like those apples ?	my fav is blue an my truck i drive is bluish
contra-0783	hi . what are you up to tonight ?	i am just doing a bit of cleaning . my turtle , timothy , needs his tank cleaned .	hi . what are you up to tonight ?	i am just doing a bit of cleaning . my turtle , timothy , needs his tank cleaned .	my son wanted a cat but i am allergic so we have a turtle named kitten	that is so funny ! i have a cat listed cricket ! lol
contra-0784	hey how are you tonight ?	hi , i am good , you ?	hey how are you tonight ?	hi , i am good , you ?	good ! just studying for college classes	awesome , i did a lot of those courses , now i am a nurse
contra-0785	hi , i live in wine country , wrote a book at home , 17 with blue hair . you ?	i am a divorced mom with two kids and my job is an accountant .	hi , i live in wine country , wrote a book at home , 17 with blue hair . you ?	i am a divorced mom with two kids and my job is an accountant .	great ! you play with your children ? i do . california has the best sun .	here in ohio , i take the kids hiking on the weekends .	wow ! i am a writer who was homeschooled . my book release is december .	very cool ! i need to get my honda civic in the shop for annual service .	yes you should . you like blue hair ? i do and have it .	i like blue hair . is it dark blue or light blue ?	greenish blue . i am only 17 but i know a lot .	right on . what is your book about ?	identity theft . you color your hair ? if so what color is it ?	my hair colour is dirty blonde .
contra-0786	hi how are you today	i am well , studying for an exam	hi how are you today	i am well , studying for an exam	for college or for what ?	yes college . working on a degree in marine biology	nice i love fish and that stuff	sounds fun , unlike kids my age i do not drink , smoke or party	straight edge is the way to go minor threat says	i guess . what do you do	i just go to the gym all day really	you must be very strong then	yeah but i am single .	trying to find a mate at the gymnasium ?
contra-0787	hi there ! how you doing today ? i just got home from school .	hi i am doing good , how are you doing and how was school ?	hi there ! how you doing today ? i just got home from school .	hi i am doing good , how are you doing and how was school ?	it was okay . i am only 5 feet tall , so kids make fun of me .	oh no that is not very nice , what grade are you in ?	10th . mom and dad yell at my sister for picking on me , too .	oh ok that is very mean that people are cleaning on you .
contra-0788	hello . may i ask where you are from ?	hi , i am from the south , what about you ?	hello . may i ask where you are from ?	hi , i am from the south , what about you ?	i am originally from puerto rico , but i am staying in south korea now .	i have a mother and five sisters , how about you ?	i have 2 brothers . i am the oldest . where in the south ?	you never heard of south carolina	i have . i was briefly stationed at fort jackson .	o yes that in columbia i live a bout 80 miles	i did not know where in the south you meant originally . i apologize .	that ok , i really under that	thank you . from your five sisters , where are you in age ?	i am number two next to brothers also	did you enjoy being in a big family ?	yes , it a lots of fun , what music do you like .	rock and roll , of course , and a little bit of folk . how about you ?	i like mix a short of each
contra-0789	greetings ! how are you doing today ?	am well just at the beach sun warming	greetings ! how are you doing today ?	am well just at the beach sun warming	are you employed ? army is my employer right now .	yes am a personal secretary to mr . gregor	puerto rico is my birth place . what about yours ?	oklahoma is my place of birth	i am in south korea serving right now . have you been here ?	no , may be will visit you but is it good ?	i am getting out soon though . shamefully i can be violent .	fierce always or when you get angry ?
contra-0790	good evening ! how are you today ?	i am fine i have to make sure all my babies are healthy	good evening ! how are you today ?	i am fine i have to make sure all my babies are healthy	i stay healthy by surfing and i do skate as well .	i do not have time for surfing with my pediatrician carrer	i model high end fashion and occasionally i act , too .	wow i am , in the presents of a model	yes but do not count on me to sing for you . that is not my thing .	when i am not in the doctors office i play jazz	when i move to nyc , i hope to hear some jazz on the streets .	i live in new nyc i pay the jazz in the park sometimes	maybe we will bump into each other . it will be a change from california .	small world . i just left all my vintage cars in cali	vintage cars are awesome ! i spent my entire youth in cali .	Cali is the place to be my wife and kids love it there
contra-0791	hello , how are you tonight ?	very well , and yourself ? i just watched titanic . i have seen it ten times .	hello , how are you tonight ?	very well , and yourself ? i just watched titanic . i have seen it ten times .	i am watching fox news , it is absurd how much propaganda they put out .	do you have any pets ? i have a golden retriever . her name is ginger .	i do , a boxer named biden .	that is cool . what is your favorite hobby ? mine is model cars .	marches , voting drives , anything to stop the orange one .	do you have any kids ? i am a new father !	i do not , thankfully . i do not want kids .	oh . why is that ?	are you a republican or democrat ?	i lean towards Republican . i am more conservative .
contra-0792	hello friend , what is going on	i am getting ready for bed , you ?	hello friend , what is going on	i am getting ready for bed , you ?	i listening to the beetles , great music	i am a lead singer in a band myself	awesome , what is the name of your band	i do not want to share that information . my parents would get mad	no worries i understand , sing on my friend	my three sisters watch us play sometimes , and then we party	sound like fun , where are you from	everywhere . my dad drives a semi and i travel with him when i am not playing	kool , so you get to go to barbeque restaurants	sometimes , yeah ! we love meat	send me some good barbeque restaurants name when you visit	we are going on another trip soon , i will !	great , do you wager sports
contra-0793	how are you ? being an old man , i am slowing down these days	hi , my dad is old as well , they live close to me and i see them often	how are you ? being an old man , i am slowing down these days	hi , my dad is old as well , they live close to me and i see them often	that is a great thing honor your dad with your presence	sure , i pick him up for church every sunday with my ford pickup	sounds wonderful my wheelchair can go very fast on various terrains	i guess that means you do not go hunting often ? i love hunting , i own 3 guns	hunting ? i served in the marines , yes i hunt	yeah me too , i am conservative so i love church and hunting	what do you like to hunt ? do you ever fish ?	fishing is good . i love fishing as well	sportfishing is a better choice sometimes for my one leg
contra-0794	hey , do you have any pets	yes i have a hunting dog .	hey , do you have any pets	yes i have a hunting dog .	i have a lot of pets .	oh nice what do you do ?	i mainly just sit and look at mountains ,	ok i can sell you a house on a mountain .	i would like that . for how much ?	depends if you want a remote location with no neighbors or some neighbors .	none . i just want my animal	it be about a million for your house on a mountain	none . i just desire my animal
contra-0795	hi how are you doing i am okay .	i am doing very good ! i hope you had a very nice , relaxing sunday .	hi how are you doing i am okay .	i am doing very good ! i hope you had a very nice , relaxing sunday .	yes it was okay thank you so much i like walking . do you ?	i do , especially in the woods when i am out hunting . do you hunt ?	no not really but it seems to be a really fun activity .	it is ! i like to go with my father .	my work out is walking it is very good for the body . that is nice .	do you walk in your neighborhood ? i like to walk to my parents house .	how is your dad i have huge garden plant many vegetables .	he is great . i am sure your vegetables are delicious .	that is wonderful i walk to the stores my mom sold the house .	my parents live in the house i grew up in , just down the street .	very blessed that must be very exciting . to be close .	it is ! we go to church together every week and have dinner after .	wonderful god is good he is great i love jesus .	amen ! our country needs more god !	great chat good night divinity bless you .
contra-0796	hello , how are you doing today ?	hello . i am retired , so i am great ! i was a banker . how are you ?	hello , how are you doing today ?	hello . i am retired , so i am great ! i was a banker . how are you ?	i am doing well . i am just watching my favorite show called the office .	i love that show too ! i make quilts for relatives and sew while i watch it .	oh nice ! i live in new york but i do not drive , though .	me neither . i enjoy walking . i try to do at least a mile a day .	do you like to eat sweet things ? i do not eat anything that is sweet .	i love sweet affairs . do you have any pets ? i have a cat a siamese .
contra-0797	what music do you like , i enjoy bluegrass .	i prefer pop music . i try to stay up with the trends .	what medicine do you like , i enjoy bluegrass .
contra-0798	how are you today ? i am sitting at the stock market . slow day .	oh that sounds rough . i am an author , so i work from home .	how are you today ? i am sitting at the stock market . slow day .	oh that sounds rough . i am an author , so i work from home .	lucky you . i have always wanted to write a book .	what is your favorite genre ? i specialize in science fiction .	i love fantasy actually . anything to get me off planet earth . haha	totally agree . so what stocks should i buy ?	that would be insider trading i think . haha . buy google i guess !	i figured it was worth a shot or maybe amazon stock ?	oh that would be a good one . i am a horrible stock broker !	that must be why you are still there ? kidding .	haha . yeah , i have more fun i my metal band .	oh that is neat ! before my parents died a couple years back , we went to shows .	oh yeah ? i love all kinds of metal . i play bass and guitar .	i think i would choose the drums . i do not have metal music type hair , ha !	haha ! eh me neither . its kind of short . drums are fun . i kind of play them .
contra-0799	hello . i am eating sausage and bacon for breakfast . what are you having ?	i just finished bacon and pancakes .	hello . i am eating sausage and bacon for breakfast . what are you having ?	i just finished bacon and pancakes .	as a doctor i should know to eat less bacon but it is just so god	that is true . i am studying to become a fashion designer .	so cool ! since i am into bodybuilding i do not wear many clothes	i lifted weights in prison . i did some time for stealing .	oh so did my brother . my secretary mom was so upset about it	my parents do not care about me . they are hardly ever around .	i am sorry to hear that . do you have any siblings or kids ?	i would love to be a mommy but i am trying to turn my life around .
contra-0800	hello . how are you doing this evening ?	i am doing well thanks i am an attorney and working on cases	hello . how are you doing this evening ?	i am doing well thanks i am an attorney and working on cases	that is cool ! my job is in labor and delivery .	what a fun business . i live in ok and am a native american
contra-0801	hello , how are you doing today ?	hi , i am ok , how are you ?	hello , how are you doing today ?	hi , i am ok , how are you ?	i am well , thank you . do you like politics ? i am republican and proud of it .	i like politics . i am conservative	you sound like my kind of person then ! what are your hobbies ? i love cooking and reading .	i like to read classics . i also like to travel to europe .	i wish i could travel . i cannot because i am a teacher .	what subject do you teach ?	i learn history . it has always fascinated me . do you have a family ?
contra-0802	hi , do you want to be friends ?	sure ! can always use more friends . tell me about you	hi , do you want to be friends ?	sure ! can always use more friends . tell me about you	well i am a secretary now , but i am looking for better work	awesome ! i would love to be a fashion designer ! are you married ? kids ?	nah , i just finished college so maybe i will have time for marriage now	congrats on graduating ! i am married but no kids yet . we want kids in the future !	thank you ! i am lucy by the way .	i had a friend in high school named lucy but she stole my boyfriend lol	well i promise not to make a move on your husband lol	thanks ; hehe so what do you like to do ?	well does eating candy count as a hobby ?	absolutely ! my mom and dad were always gone growing up so i am used to eating junk .	that is why halloween is my favorite . endless starbursts	oh most definitely ! the pink ones are the best !	yes ! i wish the reds too
contra-0803	good morning , how are you ?	i am fine how is your day ?	good morning , how are you ?	i am fine how is your day ?	great just left the gym	nice i am brainstorming today . . do you fear anything	nothing but bugs . i hate them lol	i was attacked by a strange dog as a child . .	sorry . i have a dog and a few cats	i am sure i will grow out of it . do you like comic books ?	yes . i actually write cookbooks for people on diets	i compose for a living as well . whats your favorite way to unwind
contra-0804	hi how are you doing ?	i am well an you ? like dogs .	hi how are you doing ?	i am well an you ? like dogs .	yes i have 2 german shepards	names ? i have 3 dogs	i have a boy and a girl diesel and nala	awe how old are they ?	26 where did you go to school i attended university of mississippi	i went here in ohio like pizza ?	yes i do i usually order it every friday i am a real estate agent	what is your favorite holiday ?	earth day since that what i do environmentalist	my fav is christmas i love that day	for the presents ? or family	both i just love it , need your hair done ?	i demand a trim is that what you do ?
contra-0805	hello , how are you today	hi , i am wonderful and you ?	hello , how are you today	hi , i am wonderful and you ?	i am good , a little bored . my best friend is broken	really . . . i am sorry he or she is broken .	yes she is a robot . what are you up to	lol , funny . i am listening to my favorite music , jazz . and you ?	i just got done with school , about to touch up my blue roots	cool , blue radicals . i have clients that color their pets hair blue .
contra-0806	greeting today my friend ! how are you today ?	i am doing well , i am taking a break from building a tree house .	greeting today my friend ! how are you today ?	i am doing well , i am taking a break from building a tree house .	cool , as long as you do not harm the tree .	i have been building tree houses for over 40 years now , the tree is safe . .	i get worried about the world something .	why are you worried about the world ?	i just worry about how people harm the environment	yeah , humans have been rough on our plant . do you have any other hobbies ?	i make all my own clothes and i sing folk .	do you knit any of your clothes ? i am a knitter .	during winter i do alot .	i often get funny looks when masses see a 40 year old man knitting !
contra-0807	hello how are you doing ?	i am doing good ready to retire	hello how are you doing ?	i am doing good ready to retire	i love to create art . i wish i was rich ! !	me too i enjoy riding horses	really i do not know if i can ride a horse my toes are webbed	oh wow . have you even tried	no i am always trying to find rent money cant do anything fun	i understand . i actually had to stop riding because of my left leg	i broke a leg too . i got in a really bad car wreck .	wow so you recognize my pain about my leg hurting daily
contra-0808	hi ! are you a robot ? i like robots .	hi ! no i am not . i actually just finished my education to be a registered nurse .	hello ! are you a robot ? i like robots .
contra-0809	how are you doing today ?	i am great ! how are you doing on this fine evening ?	how are you doing today ?	i am great ! how are you doing on this fine evening ?	good . just eating some pizza on my night off .	cool . i only eat kosher meat so i have to make my own pizzas .	homemade pizzas are the best . what kind of work do you do ?	i bring in advertising . how about you ?
contra-0810	hello , how are you tonight ?	i am hungry how about you ?	hello , how are you tonight ?	i am hungry how about you ?	i could eat , lol . i have two boys and they are always hungry .	i have a dog . i love animals	i love fish . i have a saltwater aquarium decorated like a 50s diner .	i want a tank . what is your favorite food ?	granola ! i have it for breakfast each morning .	i love chocolate muffins and blueberry gems
contra-0811	hi how are you doing	great ! just coding for apple . and drinking an iced tea	hi how are you doing	great ! just coding for apple . and drinking an iced tea	that sound good , i just had a cold pepsi	eh ! iced tea with home grown canada syrup delicious	great i will try that some time	red or blue ? coding is so much fun ! how old are you ? i am 22	i am 34 four years old , do you work	i freelance mostly website coding and such .	i have been working at a real estate	cool ! ! any property in canada ? my family is looking to upgrade .	that sound great good luck	what do you like to do ?	i like to work on computer and go fishing	sportfishing is fun ! we ice fish up here
contra-0812	hello . i like the outdoors , particularly the arctic .	i actually live in oklahoma and love the outdoors too .	hello . i like the outdoors , particularly the arctic .	i actually live in oklahoma and love the outdoors too .	do you know how to fish ? i spend a lot of time practicing the skill of fishing .	yes . grew up on a reservation and everyone was taught how to angle .
contra-0813	hey , how are you today ?	i am okay . living paycheck to paycheck is taking a toll on me . how about you ?	hey , how are you today ?	i am okay . living paycheck to paycheck is taking a toll on me . how about you ?	i am sorry to hear that ! i work as a forklift driver in a warehouse	interesting . i live with my cat and teach kindergarten .	what is your cats name ? i love to bbq !	her name is layla . i used to bbq a lot with friends back in college .	layla is at great cat name . i am huge and tall	do you come from a tall family ?	no , my mom is five feet !	wow , that is pretty rare . do you have pets ?	no i do not . pets are messy . do you like movies ? i like horror ones	i like horror movies , too . pets can definitely be mussy sometimes .
contra-0814	hi , renee here . i am a beach bum and i have to diet to look good . you ?	i like to cook . i write about it .	hi , renee here . i am a beach bum and i have to diet to look good . you ?	i like to cook . i write about it .	great ! mr . ed is my fave animal . my dad own a toyota store . you sing ?	no i do not . i like theatre though	get out ! me too ! i need a nail tech person . i broke a nail .	do you like to exercise	yes ! i dance alot too . you dance ? i count calories . you ?	i like to run and go to the gym . i have two left feet .	wow ! did you know mr . ed was a horse ?	yes , he was on tv	my nails are pretty . my dad store is pretty too . he sells cars .	you must really like cars
contra-0815	hi ! i am a 17 year old hippie , complete with the vw beetle !	hello ! i am 24 . how are you ?	hi ! i am a 17 year old hippie , complete with the vw beetle !	hello ! i am 24 . how are you ?	i am doing very well . i am going to auburn next year , i am so excited	you are going to live there ?	i am going to go to med school there .	wow nice so this is your last year in high school .	yes , it is . are you still a student ?	i finished my bachelor degree .	nice ! how long did it take you ?	it took me 5 years as one year i was part time .	i am hoping i can go full sentence for all of mine .
contra-0816	hey there how are you ? it was beautiful saturday my friend got married !	i am doing great ! i am just currently exploring with my sea creature friends !	hey there how are you ? it was beautiful saturday my friend got married !	i am doing great ! i am just currently exploring with my sea creature friends !	i love bands especially rush	i like rush as well , i have to see them whenever i can above the sea .	what kind of sea creatures ? i like to draw online its a hobby	well starfish , jellyfish , squids , fish , they are all my friends !	really ? i like to do anything in sales , that is my field	that sounds awesome , i have a tail as feet , so i can not work .	are you a fish ? i am also a omnivore	no , i am not , i do have long wavy hair though !	you are a mermaid ! wow ! cool let me see you	i wish i could let you see me , i have to eat dinner with my family though .	really ? oh what do you eat ?	i eat whatever my family makes me , i get to go play with friends after though !	oh really ? what kind of play do you do ?	i just like to swim around and work , anything special about you ?
contra-0817	hello . how are you ? tell me about yourself .	hello well i love ice tea , country music , and love traveling hbu ?	hello . how are you ? tell me about yourself .	hello well i love ice tea , country music , and love traveling hbu ?	i am a fan of bluegrass personally . i even play	that is cool , my friends and i love to relax to bluegrass	i get to travel too when i am competing	what do you compete in ? i compete in swimming	i am a skateboarder for a living . i got into it while working at hollister	that is cool , do you live in the states ?	i do . i am from cali . you ?	i live in toronto canada	cool . how is it ? is it cold ?	super cold ! Cali sounds nice about right now !
contra-0818	hello , how are you doing ?	doing great watching a little sports on tv	hello , how are you doing ?	doing great watching a little sports on tv	very cool , i used to watch soccer when i traveled abroad	i enjoy watching soccer a lot . i played some sports in high school .	i used to play in kindergarten , i met my best friend in kindergarten	what do you like to do in your spare moments ?	i enjoy advertising , i got a job working in it last year	i am getting married soon , hope she starts to enjoy sports like i do	i just got espoused , my jewish wife , i am in jewish faith
contra-0819	hi , how are you today ?	good , i am in sales , what do you do for your work ?	hi , how are you today ?	good , i am in sales , what do you do for your work ?	i am enjoying a glass of wine , and you ?	i am listening to rush , i love them	i work from home as a skater	cool beans , do you have any other hobbies then sales ?	i like bluegrass , have you heard of that music ?	yeah but i do not like it	well , i like to read and watch youtube videos and you ?	i care to eat meat and plants , i eat both
contra-0820	hi , how are you doing this fine columbus day ?	i did not know it was a holiday	hi , how are you doing this fine columbus day ?	i did not know it was a holiday	ha , it is . it is also a beautiful day to take my dogs for a walk .	its a little warm for me	oh yeah , i live near the mountains , so we have a nice shaded path to walk .	oh that would be a great walk	it is , do you have any pets ?	i have one dog and a couple of kids that might be considered pets lol	ha i hear that . do you do anything fun in your free time ?	costless time ? what do you mean by that ? haha
contra-0821	hello there . where are you from ?	i am from canada . how about you ?	hello there . where are you from ?	i am from canada . how about you ?	interesting . i am from pennsylvania in the us .	wow , how is it there ?	it is okay . nothing special !	do you get into politics ?	sometime . i try to be well rounded in discussion .	i love to listen to debates .	which presidential candidate from the past did you enjoy listening to most ?	i like listening to hilary clinton	yes , her argumentations last year were very interesting .
contra-0822	hello there . where are you from ?	virginia . i am married to barnaby . we love ice cream .	hello there . where are you from ?	virginia . i am married to barnaby . we enjoy ice cream .
contra-0823	hello , i am a sports nut , just love soccer , and you ?	i like playing sports like racquetball , but not watching so much .	hello , i am a sports nut , just love soccer , and you ?	i like playing sports like racquetball , but not watching so much .	i am a tv sports addict , unfortunately my fiancee hates sports . could be a problem .	my fiance is into hard rock , i like oldies , but we make it work .	i was the high school jock who did everything , then no sports in college .	they played in the school band . do you play any instruments ?	nope , neurosurgeon , no music , i focused on school so i could graduate with honors .	i should have ! i slacked off ended up being a administrative assistant . do you have kids ?	i like to polka , its fun and my fiancee and i get lots of exercise .	i am going to have a polka band gambling when i retire in 5 years !
contra-0824	hey there ! nice to meet you .	hi , how are you doing ?	hey there ! nice to meet you .	hi , how are you doing ?	super great . how about you ?	i am good just left a buckeye game	do you go to school there ? i am studying to be a marine biologist .	no i graduated from there five years ago	right on . did you grow up near there ?	yes , where are you from ?	i live in england now , but i spent my childhood in the usa .	cool . i bet it is wonderful there	i have to study a lot for my courses , but it is definitely worth it .	i am deathly terrified of water so no maritime biology for me lol
contra-0825	hello , what music you listen to , i love rap	hello , how are you tonight ? i am in a band , actually	hello , what music you listen to , i love rap	hello , how are you tonight ? i am in a band , actually	no way , tell me more	what do you do for a living ?	i am a competitive food eater , i eat tons of sushi	that sounds interesting , do you not get sick ?	never because i am a vegan	you are a vegan and eat sushi ? how does that work ?	because there is meatless sushi duh	those usually have cream cheese in them , so they are not vegan .	never head or avocado and cream cheese sushi ?	i have never heard of vegan sushi .	well you should google it then	that is okay , i do not care one way or another	me neither , i commonly eat at mcdonalds anyhow
contra-0826	hey how are you tonight ?	hi , i am good , you ?	hey how are you tonight ?	hi , i am good , you ?	good ! just studying for college classes	awesome , i did a lot of those classes , now i am a nurse
contra-0827	hi how are you doing i am good .	hi . i am doing pretty well . listening to heart , the band . you like music ?	hi how are you doing i am good .	hi . i am doing pretty well . hearing to heart , the band . you like music ?
contra-0828	hey , i m a single woman	me too ! where are you from ?	hey , i m a single woman	me too ! where are you from ?	i also love shopping	not me ! ! i like to be alone !	haha , i just finished my education as a nurse	that is cool ! i am a writer ! where do you live ?	i just can t wait to be a full time nurse	i write stories for work ! romance usually !	nerveless i like shopping for clothes do you ?
contra-0829	hi there ! how are you ?	i am doing well , how about you ?	hi there ! how are you ?	i am doing well , how about you ?	very well , just doing some reading in my spare time	that is cool , i am currently building a tree house in my spare time	do you have any kids ? i would love to build a tree house for my kids	i do , i am divorced but have some great kids
contra-0830	hi how are you doing i am okay .	i am doing very good ! i hope you had a very nice , relaxing sunday .	hi how are you doing i am okay .	i am doing very good ! i hope you had a very courteous , relaxing sunday .
contra-0831	hi do you have any pet	i do not . my apartment does not allow any . how about you ?	hi do you have any pet	i do not . my apartment does not allow any . how about you ?	yes i had a cat but am allergic to cats	i should have a dog being a single girl of 32 . but i am scared .	but a frank is lots of fun
contra-0832	hi how are you today	hi . i am good . i am from new york city . where do you live ?	hi how are you today	hi . i am good . i am from new york city . where do you live ?	i live with my parents . do you work ?	yeah . modeling . keeps me single . i travel too much . how about you ?	i am a nurse which also keeps me individual too
contra-0833	hey , nice to meet you . what are you hobbies ?	hello , how are you today ? i fight for environmental rights .	hey , nice to meet you . what are you hobbies ?	hello , how are you today ? i fight for environmental rights .	oh cool . i am well . i grew up on a horse ranch . still there .	that sounds neat . i actually work selling homes . so you ranch ?	yes . i love taking care of my horses .	my kids would love to see your horses .	well you are welcome to visit .	thank you . are you considering college ?	oh i already went . this place makes me exercise every day .	i bet it does ! working in real estate is not much practice .
contra-0834	how are you this evening ?	yo ! i am great . eating sushi . what are you up to ?	how are you this evening ?	yo ! i am great . eating sushi . what are you up to ?	oh , sore . i had surgery last week . i have 2 dogs that are big wanting attention .	what was the surgery ? i would be bummed since i run every day .	my knee . yes , i play frisbee and it sucks .	how long are you off the knee ? i like working out , so i hope soon .	well , off the knee for 3 more weeks at least .	well , not too long . you can listen to rap and work the arms .	yes . that any my sardine breakfast i have every day .	no sardines for me . i eat vegan . but salad works .	i wish salads as well .
contra-0835	good evening , i am taking a study break , how are you tonight ?	i am well . i just got home from hairdresser school .	good evening , i am taking a study break , how are you tonight ?	i am well . i just got home from hairdresser school .	that is awesome , it is really tough being a two year law student .	try having to cook for two sons after school ! ha ha	i bet that can be challenging , it sounds like success is important to both of us .	yes it is . what do you usually eat for breakfast ?	how long is your program ? i like cream of wheat maple syrup . what about you ?	it is 2 years . i love to eat granola for breakfast , every day .	that is great , i am done two classes i have a couple more to go .
