para-0000	Hello , Sir . So , you are back ?	Yes , hello again . I would like to know the exact difference between Dividend Deposit and Dividend Participated Deposit .	That 's passably easygoing to excuse . With the sediment , the interestingness is limited , but the dividend of each insurance will be transplanted mechanically into your camber story by the remainder of each yr . The longer the terminus , the mellower the dividend you realize . This is because it is accounted at the compound interest pace .
para-0001	What kind of place shall we rent ?	It should be close to the university . Neither of us are good at getting up in the mornings and closer it is , the later we can get up .	Absolutely . That's the most important thing to take into consideration . I'm not too worried about the size of the flat .	Neither am I . So a small place is ok , but we'll get a bigger one if it's not expensive . Do you mind if it's in a noisy area ?	I don't mind . i'm not a light sleeper , but quieter is better for when we have to study at home .	effective peak . o.k. , let 's go to the acres broker and see what they can volunteer us .
para-0002	Let's play chess .	I haven't played chess for a long time .	That's all right , I'm a beginner . I've just learnt how to play .	reckon , there 's a chessboard . Those two handses have already terminated acting .
para-0003	Excuse me . Do you have the time ?	My watch is a few minutes fast . It's about six forty , I think .	Is it ? Ohio , no . The concert will commence in twenty minutes . Are we too belated to get there ?
para-0004	I give up ! I simply can't learn French !	Why do you say that ? I think you're making a lot of progress .	No , I'm not . I try and try and I still can't speak it very well .	discovering any speech needs a mess of effort . But do n't give up . Why do n't we exercise those talkses together ?
para-0005	It's hard to be optimistic about things with the way the economy's headed ... The trade deficit is getting larger , consumption's down , I really think we're headed for a recession .	The economy has been stagnant for a while now . We've been in a recessive state for several months already . What worries me the most is the trade deficit . I think the government should do more to encourage exports .	Increasing exports would weaken the currency . I think the main point is economic growth . We need more jobs . Factories have outsourced and moved many jobs to foreign countries . The result is an increase in unemployment in our own country , lower consumption , lower production , and an overall feeble economy . If more people are working , it will give the economy a boost .	It 's rightful that we should do something about unemployment , but what about ostentatiousness ? If unemployment decreases , there 's press to increase salary . That would ensue in ostentatiousness , which would ensue in a much less dynamical saving .
para-0006	Hey Suzie . Guess what ? I'm having a baby !	Really ? That's so great . Congratulations .	Thanks . I'm so excited . We've been trying for 8 months now .	That's really exciting . How many months are you pregnant ?	Three months .	Are you going to find out if it is a boy or a girl ?	I need to , but dock does n't . He needs to be surprised wish the one-time fashioned means .
para-0007	Good morning . My name is Mr . Brown . I ’ m from Australia . Here is my card .	Thank you . I ’ m pleased to meet you , Mr . Brown . My name is Kathy Pewless , the representative of Green Textile Import and Export Corporation .	Pleased to meet you too , Ms . Pewless . I travel a lot every year on business , but this is my first visit to your country . I must say I have been much impressed by your friendly people .	Thank you for saying so . Have you seen the exhibition halls ? On display are most of our products , such as silk , woolen knitwear , cotton piece goods , and garments .	Oh , yes . I had a look yesterday . I found some of the exhibits to be fine in quality and beautiful in design . The exhibition has successfully displayed to me what your corporation handles . I ’ Ve gone over the catalogue and the pamphlets enclosed in your last letter . I ’ Ve got some idea of your exports . I ’ m interested in your silk blouses .	Our silk is recognised for its beneficial timber . It is one of our swop - trional exportation . silk blouses are brilliantly slanted and fop - full contrived . They ’ Ve contacted with neat favour abroad and are always in keen requirement .
para-0008	Hello , thank you for calling Bradford and Sons . This is Tracy speaking , How may I help you ?	Hello . I would like to speak to your director of human resources , Ms.Jenkins , Please .	Just a moment . I'll check to see if she is at her desk.May I tell her who is calling ?	This is Bill Burton from Milford Insurance , I'm calling in regards to our meeting next Tuesday .	thank you , Mr . Burton . Can you please retain for a consequence ? I 'll stop to see if she is usable .
para-0009	How are the children doing at sport ?	I ’ m very pleased with their performances . Timmy can cover the 100 meters in 12 seconds . That ’ s very fast for a kid his age .	He ’ s not very good at the long jump though , is he ?	He ’ s not bad . He can jump a distance of over four meters . I think he just prefers running to jumping . Jimmy ’ s very good at the high jump . He can jump over two meters . Again , that ’ s fine for someone his age .	Two meters ? That means that the high jump bar is above his head ! Are any of them good at long-distance running ?	The longest race we run is the 1500 meters . A few of the boys and one girls can do it in less than five minutes .	How are they at swimming ?	They ’ re ok . I ask them to swim 500 meters each day . That ’ s 20 lengths of the swimming pool . They ’ re not very fast , but that ’ s ok . I just want them to build their strength up and keep in shape .	Kate is very beneficial at dive from a summit of tenner times .
para-0010	Look ! Mom , that's amazing ! I can't believe the girls have so neat movements .	Yeah , they all received very strict training . A minute on the stage takes ten-year practice .	And all their motions are so graceful . It seems similar dancing in the piddle .
para-0011	Morning , Peter . Nice suit ! A new one ?	Oh , yes . My wife bought it for me yesterday . Hmm , you look nice in that yellow dress . Yellow suits you really well .	maybe . Several masses have indicated that I get more yellowish apparel . They say the colouration becomes me because I have a just complexion .
para-0012	Hello , Daisy , how are you doing ?	Fine , thank you . I haven ’ t seen you for quite some time . What have you been up to recently ?	I have been spending a lot of time watching movies at home , so you wouldn't have seen me . Recently , I've been obsessed with horror films .	Ohio , how can you be infatuated with repulsion films ? They 're so shivery .
para-0013	I was wondering if you could help me with something .	Sure , anything you say .	Actually , it ’ s a little bit silly .	Don ’ t worry about it , just ask .	What words do I need to know to buy a pair of shoes ?	You need to know the type of shoes you want .	Don ’ t worry about that . I can point it out in the store .	The shoes can be comfortable or not comfortable , too wide , too narrow , or just right ; and long or short . In girls shoes , the heel can be high or low .	lease me spell all that down . I ’ m going patronising this afternoon .
para-0014	May I know where you are going ?	Yes . I want to go to Beijing Hotel .	I'm sorry . You are going in the wrong direction .	Oh no ! What shall I do ?	Do n't vex . You can get off at the next stoppage and go across the street through the flyover . The autobus stoppage is mightily there .
para-0015	Jeff , look at this listing ! It says there is a cozy studio apartment for rent , and it's only $ 700 per month . What do you think ?	Well I think I can afford that apartment . But are pets allowed ?	Hmm ... have me expect . yes , it enjoins it 's a pet - favorable construction .
para-0016	What ’ s the problem ? Things are getting out of hand . You keep sticking your nose where it doesn ’ t belong .	What do you mean ?	Now , I am creditworthy for coaching New stave , but you keep overturning my agency by judging to lay your methods . I recognise you are a hotshot college alum with something to examine . But I assume ’ t similar your direction .
para-0017	Hey Julie , you want to go grab something to eat ?	Sure ! What do you feel like having ?	I really feel like having a big juicy steak !	Oh . OK . I don't eat meat , but that's fine , I am sure wherever we are going they will have other options right ?	I didn't know you were a vegetarian !	I'm not , I am a vegan .	A what ?	A vegan . I don't eat or use any animal based products . I don't wear leather , eat eggs , drink milk or anything that comes from an animal . I used to be a pescatarian before , which basically means you don't eat meat , but still have fish and seafood .	Wow ! That's interesting ! It must be tough !	It 's a second unmanageable to determine vegetarian favorable eateries sometimes , but since more and more citizenry are vegetarians or vegans today , it 's getting a chip less unmanageable .
para-0018	Hey Stacy . What's going on ?	I'm pretty tired these days .	Why ? You're not working so don't you have a lot of time on your hands ?	I have so much house work to do . I have to take care of the kids , cook , clean , laundry , and the cycle never ends .	How about your husband . Does he help much ?	Not at all . He comes home and complains about his hard day at work . He expects me to do everything . He even wants me to feed him sometimes . Can you believe that ?	That sucks .	If he was n't so otiose , I intend I would n't have any ailments . He pouts the lawn , but can you conceive he judged to convert me to do it ?
para-0019	Good evening , ma'am . Table for one ?	Yes , please .	Will this table be all right ?	Actually , I'd like a booth by the window if that's possible .	Certainly . How about this one ?	This will be fine , thanks .	( reaching her a fare ) Your server will be here in a arcminute to take your club .
para-0020	Come to think of it , you should get out your English books and catch up on your reading assignments .	But I don't have any reading assignments .	Then reexamine for your tryout . You 'll do even considerablier . And perchance interpreting will facilitate you get to rest .
para-0021	I met a girl in elevator this morning . She works in a company upstairs . She said she envied the casual way we dress for work . She complained about the dress rule in her company . It requires everyone to wear formal clothes from Monday to Friday .	Well , I was wondering where those people with professional attire come from . Now , I know the answer .	You know , in a sense , a suits and ties are compulsory for male employees even in July , and no jewelry allowed for most of the female employees . Even the reasonable male leaf is returning the rule , isn ’ t that strict ?	To some extent , it is . Anyway , whether they like it or not , they do give people a very good impression .	But it is inequitable to label a Word by its masking . If they ’ re not glad or well-situated with their apparel , they can be less generative .
para-0022	I wish the politicians would quit digging up dirt about each other's past .	I know . It really makes a mess of the whole election process .	And it takes up all the news .	The problem is that there always a large number of people who eat that kind of stuff up .	It's so small . The fact that there is public interest , doesn't say much for us as the public .	Have you ever listened to AM radio ? It's quite a different experience than the traditional news stations on TV and FM radio .	I don't remember the last time I listened to AM radio .	Another space you can get veridical brainstorm is European documents . You can get them on - business .
para-0023	Hi , Jack , how have you been ?	Not very well .	Why ? Looks like you're feeling very down ! What happened ?	Nothing .	Come on . For a man who's feeling so , down , there're usually two reasons . Either his career is going downhill , or he has a broken heart . Since you're so successful , it must be the latter .	Well , you're right . I just broke up with Jane .	Oh , I'm sorry . I thought you two were made for each ocher .	Well , you never know . I'm ready for a commitment and want to settle down , but she says she wants to pursue her career while she's still young .	Well , she is not to fault . It 's always unmanageable to take between vocation and fellowship .
para-0024	I hear you are planning to travel abroad .	Yes . I'm going to the Untied States for travel . What places do you recommend ?	In my opinion , there are several places you mustn't miss , like Washington D . C , Las Vegas , New York and Los Angeles .	Someone suggests that I should go to Seattle and Hawaii .	Yes , you may consider those two places also . Seattle , for example , is worth visiting and there's a very famous museum called Museum of Flight .	And Seattle is the place of Microsoft and Boeing . That must be a groovy situation . I ca n't omit it .
para-0025	Do you want to hang out tomorrow ?	Oh , I can't . I have a date !	Really ? Wow with who ?	This girl I've been chatting with for the past couple of months . She's really cool and she's driving over here this weekend .	await a arcminute , you imply you fulfilled her online ?
para-0026	What game do you like ?	I like board games . I like chinese chess and draughts .	I ’ Ve never played Chinese chess before , but I ’ Ve seen old men playing it in the street . It looks complicated .	It ’ s about as complicated as chess . The basic rule and moves are simple enough , but there are many strategies that players need to learn .	I like playing cards . I ’ m pretty good at poker . Do you play cards ?	I ’ m terrible at cards and so I never play games which involve gambling , like poker . If I did , I ’ d lose all my money .	Do you play bridge ?	Yes , I do . It ’ s hard to find four players though , so I don ’ t play very often . Do you know anyone who plays ? If so , we could set up a game .	I can play quite well . I have a friend who likes playing , but she ’ s not very good at it . Shall I invite her to play ?	sure , I have a booster who fiddle evenhandedly well . We should see out when our admirers are loose and do a biz .
para-0027	Thank you for lending me the book .	Sure . But it's a very difficult one , you need to have a dictionary at your elbow .	But I 'm not used to reckoning up every New Bible when I 'm taking a novel . I only reckon up the most necessary unities .
para-0028	Dave , there's something I want to talk to you about .	Zina , why are you whispering ?	I've been talking to WebTracker . I'm thinking of jumping ship .	What ? Are you serious ? You'd defect to our archrival ! ?	Keep your voice down . We'll talk more later . Right now I need to see Vince .	We emphatically have to blab , Zina . And learn your back . Elvin is still delirious about his nozzle .
para-0029	I need help using the washer and dryer .	Tell me what the problem is .	I can't figure out how to turn them on .	Do you have some quarters ?	I didn't know I needed change .	The washer costs 50 cents and the dryer costs a dollar .	Where do I put the change ?	The sterns go into the slot . You have to force the slot in , and the motorcar will bend on .
para-0030	What game do you like ?	I like board games . I like chinese chess and draughts .	I ’ Ve never played Chinese chess before , but I ’ Ve seen old men playing it in the street . It looks complicated .	It ’ s about as complicated as chess . The basic rule and moves are simple enough , but there are many strategies that players need to learn .	I wish acting scorecards . I ’ m moderately beneficial at salamander . Do you toy menus ?
para-0031	Hello , Sir . How can we help you today ?	I need to find out some more information for L / C . I would like an outline of responsibilities , both ours , yours and the beneficiary , please .	OK , to start , the conditions are specified by the buyer and may include Insurance Forms , Way Bills , Bills of Lading , Customs forms , various certificates .	OK , got it . Is there anything else I need to know before we go ahead ?	Just that in essence , a canonic letter of acknowledgment is a fiscal declaration between the camber , the bank 's client , and the donee , and this declaration affects the conveyance of goodness or helps against finances .
para-0032	I would like to watch the Oscars on tv tonight . How about you ?	Yes , I ‘ d love to . it ’ s interesting to see who is considered the best in their field and which film are thought to be particularly good .	I like watching it for the fashion . I like to see what the ladies are wearing . Of course , the men nearly always just wear the traditional tuxedo .	Sometimes the men wear flamboyant colours . Which films do you think will win awards this year ?	I ‘ m really not sure . Usually just one or two films look set to sweep the awards ceremony , but this year there are several contenders .	You ’ re right . This year should be much more exciting than usual . What ’ s you favourite award category ?	You might suppose this unusual , but I wish the class for expertest extraneous words picture .
para-0033	Our toner cartridges are already out of ink ... Could you make an order for a new set ?	We will need new cartridges for all of the office printers ? That will be a large order , probably about two or three cases . The office supply store we usually go through might not have that many in stock .	You can double check with the housekeeping department , but I am pretty sure all of the machines will need new cartridges . Last time when we made our order to the supplier , the quantity was also especially high . They are used to receiving such bulk orders from us . As long as we give them a heads up a couple days in advance , they can usually fill the order .	OK , I will make a few calls and run our order by housekeeping first to make sure . Is there anything else we need to order while I am at it ?	I intend the only affair is toner . stress to see if they can have it before the remainder of clientele daylight tomorrow . We should really prove to do safer about waiting until the last arcminute to sate guilds that are unremarkably made on a monthly footing . Anyhow , see what you can do to hasten the guild this clip .
para-0034	After the financial crisis , many industries are in incredibly cloudy situations . How do you think about our company ?	The outlook in the future is very positive . Because we have been in this field for hundreds of years and we know how to survive this crisis safely .	As the section I am giving for is booming , I would care to give by endeavour .
para-0035	The stepmother was very wicked . She couldn't stand a happy smile on the boy's face .	And ?	And she did her dependablest to force out the prickle in her figure and the son mislaid whatever made him felicitous .
para-0036	Hey Kevin , what are you doing here ? Don't you usually spend Tuesday nights at home studying ?	I needed to get out of the house . My parents just went ballistic over something my older sister told them .	What did she tell them ? Is she dropping out of college ?	Nothing that serious . She finally told them that she moved out of the dormitory a few months ago and has been living with her boyfriend .	And your parents took it badly ?	That's putting it mildly . My father started shouting at my sister and my mother just glared at her .	Ouch , that sounds bad . What did your sister do ?	She commenced contending back to my pop that how much she bonks her beau , how they 're in passion and it 's not spiting anybody , and so on . My pop read she 's too new to do this , and that she should move out aright forth .
para-0037	Hi Jim . Do you have a minute ?	Sure , what ’ s up ?	Some of us are going to start a soccer team . Would you like to join us ?	I don ’ t know anything about it . Soccer isn ’ t as popular in my country as it is here .	That ’ s all right . We ’ ll teach you .	Is it anything like American football ?	Not very much . It ’ s something like hockey , except that you use a big ball and no stick .	I ’ ll descend down and observe you act some Day , and see what it ’ s wish .
para-0038	Hi . I ’ m here to catch flight 513 to New York .	May I see your ticket please ?	Here you are . Do you need to see my passport ?	Any form of picture I . D . will do .	Mmmm ... a photo I . D . I have my New Jersey driver ’ s license . Is that ok ?	That will do . What an interesting picture ! How old is it ?	Actually it wad taken just last year , but I had a shaved head and a beard . Can you still recognize me ?	Barely . Will you be checking any luggage today ?	Yes , One suitcase . I also have a carry-on bag .	o.k. . Mr. . lee , you ’ re all adjusted . Your trajectory foliage from gate x . embarkation commences at 10:30
para-0039	hi , darling ! I have a one-month vacation saved up . How about a trip to Europe ?	I could go for that . But I'm afraid our budget is a little tight this year .	OH , but I really demand to exit this townsfolk for a alteration . workings daytime after Day has outworn me out . Do you have any other mesmerism ?
para-0040	Billy , you are late again .	I'm sorry I'm late . I overslept . Is the manager here today ?	Yes he ' s in his office .	Oh , I hope he didn't notice me .	Do n't take any opportunities . It 'd be rightest if you told him and promised not to be deep again . He 's already delirious at you for last 2 sentences . Any more and he might fuel you .
para-0041	I'm interested in Chinese antiques .	We have a great variety of Chinese antiques . Besides , we have landscape painting , figure painting and flower-and-bird painting .	I'd like a flower-and-bird painting .	How about this picture of cranes with pine trees ? It was painted by a famous Chinese painter in King Dynasty .	Oh , they look just like live cranes .	And what is more , in traditional Formosan intellection , Cranes and pine trees typify seniority .
para-0042	Tell me about yourself .	I was born and raised in Beijing . I attended Peking University and received my bachelor's degree in Economics . I have worked for 2 years as a financial consultant in Beijing for China Pacific Insurance Co . Ltd .	What type of position are you looking for ?	I'm looking for a position in which I can utilize my experience .	Are you interested in a full-time or part-time position ?	I am more interested in a full-time position . However , I would also consider a part-time position .	Can you tell me about your responsibilities at your last job ?	I advised customers on financial matters . After I consulted the customer , I completed a customer inquiry form and catalogued the information in our database . I then collaborated with colleagues to prepare the best possible package for the client . The clients were then presented with a summarized report on their financial activities that I formulated on a quarterly basis .	What is your greatest strength ?	I am an excellent communicator . People trust me and come to me for advice . One afternoon , my colleague was involved with a troublesome customer who felt he was not being served well . I made the customer a cup of coffee and invited both my colleague and the client to my desk where we solved the problem together .	What is your greatest weakness ?	I tend to spend too much time making sure the customer is satisfied . However , I began setting time-limits for myself .	Why do you want to work for our company ?	After following your firm 's advancement for the last 3 dayses , I am confident that your companionship is becoming one of the grocery leaders and I would wish to be a part of that squad .
para-0043	Have you seen the new James Bond movie ?	Oh , yes . You ?	Yes . What did you think of it ?	I thought it was better than the others-I really liked it . What did you think of it ?	yes , I wished it , too . It was exciting , but not over the top . Do you recognise what I signify ?
para-0044	Come in , come in , what can I do for you ?	Professor Donald , are you giving your advanced geology course again next semester ?	Yes , I am applying on it .	I enquire if I could recruit in it . I experience it is a alumnus trend and I ' m a Junior , but ...
para-0045	May I see your ticket and passport , PLS ?	Sure , here they are .	Any luggage ?	Just this suitcase .	Your backpack is very big and today's flight is quite full . I am afraid that you will have to check your backpack too .	No problem . What about this carry-on ?	You can take that with you .	Can I have an aisle seat , PLS .	No problem . I'll give you an aisle seat in the center row . And here is your ticket , passport and boarding pass . Please board the plane at Gate 15 .	Thank you . And when is the latest time for me to board the plane ?	15mins before the sheet leads off . The sheet is scheduled to entrust on sentence .
para-0046	Hello , Mr . Black , how are you ?	Fine , thank you , and how are you ?	Very well , thank you . It 's overnice to gather you again . I am terribly sad for not being able-bodied to fulfil you at the airdrome , as I was officious yesterday . I do trust you had a very gratifying misstep from New York .
para-0047	Come to think of it , you should get out your English books and catch up on your reading assignments .	But I don't have any reading assignments .	Then reexamine for your examination . You 'll do even advantageouslier . And peradventure learning will avail you get to rest .
para-0048	Let ’ s play a game !	OK ! How about Scrabble ?	No , no , a friend of mine taught me this really fun game . I ’ m going to describe someone ’ s face , and you guess who it is !	OK !	Let ’ s see . He has a roman nose , bushy eyebrows and dimples !	Our cousin Pete ! My play ! She has a pointy nozzle , recessed middles and a breakwater on her Chin !
para-0049	Unfortunately , according to our regulations I have to confiscate these counterfeit notes .	So , this 500 RIB is worthless ?	I'm sorry but it is our regulation , so I must follow it . We will issue you with a receipt to show that the notes you presented us with are counterfeit and have been confiscated . Then , if you wish to pay in some more cash , you are free to do so .	Right , I see . Let me give you another 500 RIB .	Here 's your passbook back and the reception to say we impounded the d costa deserving of imitative banknotes .
para-0050	Good morning ! I am a new comer in our office .	Good morning ! Welcome to our office !	Nice to meet you ! My name is Grace Williams .	Nice to meet you too ! I am Peter Smith .	Today is my first day at work !	Well , trust you will revel your first Day ! Just necessitate me if you postulate any helper .
para-0051	Hello , Nancy , nice to see you .	Nice to see you , too . I heard you are a staff of Nokia company .	Yes , I ’ m satisfied with this job .	Congratulations . What did you do during the interview ?	devote more tending to the outside faces , because they are crucial for the first imprint . full way and panache of conversation can countenance other find your beneficial self - culture . serious motions and bearing can countenance other find very well-fixed .
para-0052	Which university did you graduate from ?	I graduated from Peking University .	What was your major at university ?	I studied economics , I am especially interested in the economic development of China .	What course did you like best ?	I like Business Management , and i think it's very useful for the present work .	What do you reckon is the kinship between the issues you 've brought and the Job you are assaying ?
para-0053	So I'm on the fifth floor ? How come this hotel has no fourth floor .	Four is an unlucky number here , Peter.Four sounds like death in Chinese.Hotels often have no fourth floor .	I see . Ohio , I recognise what I desired to ask . How much should I angle this hombre ?
para-0054	Good morning , can I help you ?	I want to American breakfast with fried eggs sunny side up .	What kind of juice do you prefer , sir ?	Breakfast juice and please make my coffee very strong .	Yes , sir . American breakfast with fried eggs sunny side up . Breakfast juice and black coffee . And my correct , sir ?	Yes , that ’ s right .	Is there anything else , sir ?	No , that ’ s all .	Good morning , sir . I ’ Ve got breakfast your ordered .	Just put it on the table please .	Do you need anything else , sir ?	No , thanks . OH , yes , could I have some juice for the mini taproom ?
para-0055	Who are those guys ?	Kobe Bryant and Shaquille O ’ Neal , they are the Los Angeles Lakers ’ star players .	Oh .	Wait a second . He shoots , he scores !	All right !	Here comes Jordan , though .	Wow , Michael Jordan ’ s slam-dunks are beautiful things to watch .	Yeah . He ’ s older , so he doesn ’ t slam as much as he did when he was younger , but when he does , it ’ s still amazing .	Which team do you think will win ?	The Lakers . Jordan is the only right thespian Capital has .
para-0056	Why don't you watch where you're going ?	Me ? You're the one who pulled out in front of me !	There was plenty of room for me to pull out.You didn't have to stay in the lane you were in .	Hey , mind . I had every rightfulness to bide in the lane I was in . You were reckoned to await until I went to commit out . And anyhow , you did n't give me any sentence to convert lanes . All of a sudden -- BANG -- there you are ripe in front of me .
para-0057	Have you declared your income and are you prepared to pay tax ?	Not yet . I don't know how to fill out the form . What is the tax-free allowance for supporting a dependent ?	I do n't really fuck . Why not take the comptroller or the attorney of the jurisprudence house ? They will narrate you which is open or not dependent to revenue . He can even serve you annul giving taxation lawfully .
para-0058	What's your main range ?	Generally speaking , we provide bikes for both gentlemen and ladies , size 19 , 21 , 23 , 25 and 27 inches . We can vary the colors according to the buyer's requirements . Here are the catalogues and the pattern books . They will give you a rough idea about our products .	I am interested in your flying pigeon bicycles . I think some of these items will find a ready market in Canada . But what our customers appreciate most is a reliable product .	To be reliable is the strong point of our products . As a matter of fact , it's always our practice to supply high quality goods at reasonable prices . Flying pigeon is the best of its kind at the price .	Then I 'd care to bang your accessibility of the merchandise and the termini of sales , such as modality of payment , bringing , rebates , etc .
para-0059	Hello , I want to apply for the position of an usher in your restaurant .	Welcome . One of your duties is to know the number of the customer and accept reservation .	What else do I need to do ?	You inform the multitudes in mission and have them earmark dinning mesas for guests .
para-0060	It's said that John's broken up .	Really ? But his wife has always waited on him hand and foot .	I hear that John's leading a double wife .	It 's very big of him to chicane on a gentlewoman wish his wife .
para-0061	I am calling to find out why I didn ’ t receive an unemployment check this week .	Did you send in your Continued Claim Form for the last period ?	I think I forgot to send it in !	You need to be very careful to send that form in every two weeks if you want to get paid .	Can I send it in now ?	You should look at your claim form and see if it has been more than fourteen days since it was due . If it hasn ’ t been , we will still accept it .	Can I send it in former next sentence so it ISN ’ t recently ?
para-0062	Very glad to know something about you , then what are you going to do when you finish .	Oh , I ’ ll go to shanghai to practice there .	That ’ s a good idea . It must be easy to find a job in shanghai .	I recall so , you live there is a big pot of chance for byplay there .
para-0063	How do you do ? Nice to meet you , Diane .	How do you do , Jack . Nice to meet you .	Well , I think you ' Ve reconsidered our proposal , Diane .	Yes , you are right . After all , the quality of your air conditioners is good . The only problem is price .	I should not be surprised , many customers have the same judgment . Do you have any hint in thinker ? Our salesman narrated your repository that the Price could be transferrable .
para-0064	Tell me a little bit about yourself , please .	My name is Dunlin and I live in Beijing . I was born in 1980 . I will graduate from Peking University this July . I have majored in accounting .	Would you tell me something about your family ?	There are three in my kinsfolk , my parents and myself . My beginner is a instructor and my mother is a actor .
para-0065	So , Monica , how do you like your new office ?	Well , I love it . The room is spacious and clean with big windows and a lot of sunshine . There are plants along the corridor . Especially , I got my own desk with computer and telephone . Such a great place !	That ’ s very good . I once turn down a job offer just because the office is awful .	What was so bad about it ?	small-scale ways , pocket-sized windowpane , a low desk shared by three masseses . I would have been disrupted all the sentence and for trusted not be able-bodied to pitch safe employment .
para-0066	Hi . I ’ m here to catch flight 513 to New York .	May I see your ticket please ?	Here you are . Do you need to see my passport ?	Any form of picture I . D . will do .	Mmmm ... a photo I . D . I have my New Jersey driver ’ s license . Is that ok ?	That will do . What an interesting picture ! How old is it ?	Actually it wad taken just last year , but I had a shaved head and a beard . Can you still recognize me ?	Barely . Will you be checking any luggage today ?	Yes , One suitcase . I also have a carry-on bag .	OK . Mister . lee , you ’ re all specified . Your trajectory foliage from gate tenner . embarkation commences at 10:30
para-0067	Come to think of it , you should get out your English books and catch up on your reading assignments .	But I don't have any reading assignments .	Then review for your test . You'll do even better . And maybe reading will help you get to sleep .	Aw , Mom-you're such a drag .	You say that now , lily , but you 'll thank me afterward . I 'm your mammy , and mother recognises betterest .
para-0068	Have you any round-neck sweater ?	Yes . Actually our range of sweaters is the most comprehensive available .	Can I try this one on ?	Sure , go ahead .	The coloration is too bright . For my years , I would opt a light-coloreder gloss .
para-0069	Matthew ? Hi !	Steve ! Haven't seen you in ages ! How long's it been ?	It's got to be almost a year now .	How have you been ?	I'm pretty good . I've been looking for a place to live recently . My lease runs out next month and I don't want to renew it .	Yeah , I remember the neighborhood . Have you found a place yet ?	Not yet . But I am still looking through the classifieds . Wish me luck .	Well , maybe I can help . Remember my neighbor ?	Mrs . Thou ?	Yes , her daughter's having a baby , so she's moving in with her to help out . I think if you are interested , you can come over and have a look .	keen . It 's a endearing locality . And it would be squeamish to be neighbours again . It would be just corresponding the one-time daytime !
para-0070	Ms . Montgomery ? This is Richard Thomas . I ’ m sorry to bother you at home , but I ’ Ve got a bit of a problem .	Oh ? What ’ s wrong ?	My girl ’ s just fucked up her genu reasonably gravely and I ’ m failing to have to take her to the infirmary . I ’ ll be about two hours lately .
para-0071	How much will my pay be , if you don ’ t mind my asking ?	We would like to start you off at 1,500 yuan a month , not including bonus and overtime pay . We don ’ t give bonus every month , but we offer a semi-annual bonus . And you will receive two weeks paid vacation a year , as well . Does it suit you ?	Yes , thank you . May I ask for an apartment ?	No trouble . We 'll furnish you with an flat of two chambers and a aliveness way .
para-0072	Have you enjoyed your weekend ?	Yes , it's been marvelous . It really was very kind of you to invite me . I hope it hasn't been too much trouble .	Not at all . We 've really savoured experiencing you . I desire you 'll get and appease again next metre you 're in Changsha .
para-0073	Wow ! What a beautiful scenic spot ! It's so open . And just breathe that fresh air , you can almost taste its freshness .	You can have a bird view of Guiling City from the top of the mountain .	Wonderful ! I'll often come here for mountain climbing .	You should . Many Guiliners , particularly the onetime and the unseasoned , will wax rafts here in the sunup .
para-0074	Excuse me Miao Li . Could you tell me who Jackie Chan is ?	Certainly . Jackie Chan is a very famous movie star in Hong Kong . His Chinese name is Cheng Long .	Ha , I know Cheng Long a lot , he has made 40 films since 1976 . And at that time he was promoted as the new Bruce Lee . But I'm not familiar with his English name .	OK . Then tell me what else you know .	Some film whizes evaluate their Worth by how many 1000000s of clams they make . Do you recognise how Jackie Chan valuates his deserving ?
para-0075	Excuse me , Mr . Emory ? Mr . Macmillan , would like to know if you have the completed schedule for next week ?	Yes , I do , Susan . Just a moment . Here it is .	Thank you , sir . Sorry to trouble you .	Not at all , Susan . Just differentiate him to entrust it with my repository when he ’ s finished with it
para-0076	Leo ! I wanted to tell you thanks for all your hard work on the budget . We ’ re having a get-together after work tonight at Carl ’ s Karaoke Club to celebrate having finished it . We ’ d love to see	What fun ! Normally I ’ d love to , but I ’ m afraid I have to work late tonight . We ’ Ve got to get the contract ready for Miss King .	Ohio , decent . You ’ re officious with that declaration . peradventure you could conjoin us subsequently ?
para-0077	I wish the politicians would quit digging up dirt about each other's past .	I know . It really makes a mess of the whole election process .	And it takes up all the news .	The trouble is that there always a big figure of citizenry who consume that form of material up .
para-0078	I need help using the washer and dryer .	Tell me what the problem is .	I can't figure out how to turn them on .	Do you have some quarters ?	I didn't know I needed change .	The washer costs fifty centimes and the drier costs a clam .
para-0079	What can I do for you , Madam ?	Can you help me with Comprehensive Credit Granting ?	Certainly , Madam . What would you like to know ?	Well , everything really .	All aright . We can cede a funding promise quota , if you characterise . This signifies that we can manage with all of your pauperism in a rapid and effective direction . first , your mention rating must be form A , and your debt to asset proportion must be top snick , for the industriousness you are needed in .
para-0080	Look , how grand magnificent the Tiananmen Gate tour is !	What's Tiananmen famous for ?	It is largest pop square in the world.you see that is monument for the people's hero , and the Chairman Mao memorial hall on the south.there is great hall of the people on the west.there are two museums on the east .	What's that ?	That 's the proscribed metropolis on the N of gate construction .
para-0081	Hey , you look great ! how's everything ?	Yeah , you know what ? I've been going to the club regularly . The training really pays off . Now I am in a good shape and I know more about how to keep fit .	Really ? tell me about it . I haven't gone to the club for a long time . I am too busy with work .	It's important to do proper exercises .	You're right . Too much or too little won't do any good .	The trainer tells me , besides regular sports activities , I should also have a healthy and balanced diet .	Sounds reasonable .	We should eat more vegetables instead of junk food to stay energetic .	And fruits !	Surely it is . Getting enough sleep is also crucial for fitness .	I've heard that . Does your trainer tell you anything about keeping fit ?	yea , he counsels me to bide in a effective modality . That can also serve one to keep level-headed strong-arm wellness .
para-0082	Ms . Montgomery ? This is Richard Thomas . I ’ m sorry to bother you at home , but I ’ Ve got a bit of a problem .	Oh ? What ’ s wrong ?	My girl ’ s just bedded up her genu passably ill and I ’ m failing to have to take her to the infirmary . I ’ ll be about two minutes latterly .
para-0083	have you ever been invited to a Chinese feast ?	sure . Beijingers are distinguished for their warmth and hospitality .	as far as you could see , is dinning at a Formosan mesa a trenchant experience ? To what extent does it disagree from that in your fatherland ?
para-0084	I ’ m glad you could find time to meet with me , Mr . Johnson . I can ’ t think of a nicer environment for our meeting today , the ambiance here is lovely !	No problem , if possible I always combine business with pleasure . Now , let ’ s hear more about these chocolates you ’ re offering .	Well , as you know , I have recently become the sole distributor for Grangers Gourmet Bon-bons here in the United States . They ’ re a new manufacturer and are looking to break into the luxury market . Naturally , your restaurant sprang into my mind immediately . I think your brand exemplifies many of the same traits as Grangers and serving these chocolates would really add to your reputation for providing elegant , luxurious , first class dining .	Mmmm , sounds interesting ... gourmet chocolates , where are they produced ? Belgium ?	Actually , the factory is located in Scotland .	Really ? I didn ’ t think they were known for their luxury chocolate production	That ’ s what makes this such a fantastic opportunity ! The government is one hundred percent supportive of creating new export markets and has guaranteed a low tariff for all wholesale orders of over one thousand units . They ’ Ve also reduced the red tape involved at customs as well . Here , I brought these especially for you , try one !	Oh , thanks . Mmm , hmm , creamy texture , very smooth ...	Unique , aren ’ t they ? I wager you ’ Ve never tried anything ilk it ! timbre is secured as I personally chitchat the mill to make certain no one ’ s thinning niches with the fixingses . Only the creme make it through review .
para-0085	Look , here is a very special business card from an illustrator . Every time I go through my book of business cards , I will notice it . It is an eye-catching one .	Wow , fantastic . I like the font and color for his name . It is creative yet personal .	yes , it is a bluff conception . people will trust he can make an exemplification as an telling as a clientele bill . It just tolerates out from those unembellished and stock unities used by governance citizenry or other great secret and public organizations .
para-0086	I'll be willing to come and talk about the financing of our imports .	It can be solved by drawing a draft on us at 90 days sight .	What about a draft at 120 days sight ?	All right . But we demand the draft be accepted by a bank acceptable to us .	A bank's acceptance will add to the costs of our imports . You can rest assured that we will accept the draft and honour it when it comes due .	Then we will be in a positioning to stage for a loanword from our camber . You recognize we exportation would care to have our investings rejoined as betimes as potential .
para-0087	Hey Rachael , what's up ? How is your day ?	Not bad.We have had a big meeting today , remember ?	Oh , yea . I forgot.So how did it go ?	passably well . I recall the hirer wished my themes .
para-0088	Good morning , Angela , how have you been lately ?	Morning , Michael . I ’ Ve been very busy lately . One of our other vendors is going out of business and I ’ Ve been searching for a suitable replacement .	Well , roost assured that you can enumerate on us to be here for the foresighted streak , sitdown . java ?
para-0089	Mr . Crandall , I ’ m sorry , but I really don ’ t see the value in doing this entire project over from scratch . It would take a lot of work .	That ’ s certainly true . But , that ’ s what this job is all about , Maria . There's no doubt that this project is unacceptable .	I agree . But I think that we can handle the problem by making a few major changes . I ’ d appreciate it if you would give me a chance .	All decently , maria . I ’ ll give you until tomorrow at 4:00 to make a acceptable opus of workplace , but otherwise , you ’ ll have to re - do it .
para-0090	Ms . Wang , this is Mr . Cooper , president of Ivy Publishing .	It's nice to meet you , Mr . Cooper .	Nice to meet you , Ms . Wang . You must be exhausted after your long trip from Canada .	yes , it was quite a foresightful escape . I 'm beaming to last be here .
para-0091	What's the matter with me , Doctor ? I feel so tired these days .	Is your blood pressure , I'm afraid . It's far too high .	And what's the cause of that ?	Overwork - amongst other affairs . You ca n't influence XXIV minutes a daytime . You ' Ve had to slacken down .
para-0092	Excuse me , would you please do me a favor ?	With pleasure .	I prize the edifice so much . I am questioning if you could take a movie of me against the edifice .
para-0093	You still have not given me those files I ’ Ve asked you for .	I ’ m sorry , Mr . Myers . I ’ Ve just been so busy today .	I really don ’ t want to hear your excuses , Janet . We ’ re running a busy office here . You ’ re going to have to keep up .	You ’ re powerful , Sir . I rationalize . I ’ ll get those files for you now .
para-0094	What's wrong with you ? You look pale .	I'm not sure , I feel hot and cold .	When did the trouble start ?	I was sick most of the night .	It sounds like you are coming down with the flu . Let me take your temperature .	Have I got a high fever ?	Yes , thirty-eight point seven . Do you have a headache , chest or throat pain ?	Yes , I have .	Now , let me have a look at you . I'd like to listen to your chest . Now breathe in , a deep breath , that's it Cough , now again . I want to examine your throat , too . Open wide , say ' Ah - - '	Aaaaahh , aaaaahh .	Yes , it does look a bit sore . Let's take an X-ray of your chest and give you a few tests .	All right , thanks .	The tests showed nothing wrong . A slight viral infection .	What shall I do today ?	I 'm giving you some antibiotics and Bayers . Take an Bayer when you 've started a fever , and take one antibiotic abridgement every four hrs , and go home and remain in bottom for two yearses . fuddle slew of weewee , then you 'll sense better . Here 's the prescription .
para-0095	Honey , I ’ ll be right back !	Where are you going ?	I told you already ! I ’ m going to get my nails done .	Again ? You just went last week ! You spend more time at the nail salon than you do here at home ! Honestly , why do you need a manicure every week ?	Well , first of all , I like to pamper myself , and my nails look great . You should come with me !	Why ? I wear ’ t need to have nail gloss or anything comparable that !
para-0096	My dear , what's for supper ?	Red cooked carp and rape with fresh mushrooms .	What about soup ?	Sour-peppery soup .	Which condiment do you use for ?	I 'll apply peppiness , ail leek , red-hot peppercorn and vinegar .
para-0097	You would be using mainly English in this job . Do you think you could manage ?	Yes , I am sure I can .	Do you think you are proficient in both written and spoken English ?	Yes , I think I am quite proficient in both written and spoken English .	Do you think you can make yourself understood in English with ease ?	Yes , I think I can in ordinary circumstances .	Do you believe you can mouth side quite fluently ? tell me about your English didactics .
para-0098	Did you read the letter in the paper about smoking ? The person who wrote that must be crazy .	I don ’ t think so . I think the government should do everything it can to discourage people from smoking .	Maybe so . But a law banning cigarettes will do no good .	No , you can ’ t dead make smoke illegal , but governance could proscribe smoke in public positions same pictures and theatres .
para-0099	What did he say ?	He said he would tell us the secret of becoming a successful man .	It ’ s too good to be true ! If I were there , I would ask him if he himself was a successful man .	Nobody would aim him up a paries by needing him such a interrogative , you recognise .
para-0100	I don ’ t want you to be worried , but our son has some bad habits now . He says painful words everyday .	What words ? Can you tell me ?	He says kick mommy , beat mommy , don ’ t want mommy , very quickly if I do something that he doesn ’ t like . You know , if I wash his face or change his clothes , things like that .	beloved , I assume ’ t recognise what to distinguish you . Of naturally Tony is a vernal shaver . But do not underrate his power to take and argue .
para-0101	Hello , Daisy , how are you doing ?	Fine , thank you . I haven ’ t seen you for quite some time . What have you been up to recently ?	I have been spending a lot of time watching movies at home , so you wouldn't have seen me . Recently , I've been obsessed with horror films .	Oh , how can you be infatuated with horror films ? They're so scary .	Yeah , you are right I used to not watch horror films , but after seeing Silence of the Lamb with Mike last month , I fell in love with them .	It's amazing . But if I were you , I wouldn't have the courage to watch the first one .	But it's really exciting .	Maybe , but I would rather watch romance , science fiction , crime or even disaster movie instead of a horror picture . I wouldn't dare sleep at night after watching one .	basically . you 'll view any character of picture except revulsion .
para-0102	We have another traditional holiday-the Dragon Boat Festival .	When is it ?	It falls on the fifth day of the fifth lunar month .	Could you tell me the origin of the two festivals ?	o.k. . The firedrake boat festival is a mode to record a groovy ancient poet appointed Quyuan . On that daytime , multitudes will give a boat subspecies as a symbolization of the endeavour to write him who held himself into the river .
para-0103	This looks like a very nice house .	You know , I fell in love with this house the first moment I laid eyes on it .	The style of the exterior is just what I ’ Ve been looking for !	The exterior is only half of the story . The interior is incredible .	This home is gorgeous on the inside !	Everything that you see on the walls , floors , and windows is brand new .	The wall colors totally suit the style of this house .	Straight ahead is the gourmet kitchen .	I love the bamboo flooring and granite countertops .	The overlord cortege is the dependablest . get ’ s go front at that next .
para-0104	I'd like to withdraw some money from my account .	Can I see your passbook and the withdrawal slip , please ?	Sure .	countenance me just make indisputable . You require to remove one grand dollars ?
para-0105	Jeff , look at this listing ! It says there is a cozy studio apartment for rent , and it's only $ 700 per month . What do you think ?	Well I think I can afford that apartment . But are pets allowed ?	Hmm ... rent me seem . yes , it pronounces it 's a pet - favorable edifice .
para-0106	How many cleaning ladies does your company hire ?	We have two cleaning ladies . But both of them have received little education .	Most cleansing ma'ams are ignorant . But some of them do a very decent problem .
para-0107	Did you get Bean's ten different good luck forwards , like that one from the Dalai Lama ?	Yeah , I deleted all that superstitious crap . What a waste of bandwidth !	I figured I might as well send one or two of them out . Maybe my luck will get better .	Do you really remember the Dalai lama mailed that ? I 'm timeworn of all these frontward .
para-0108	I had a big argument with david yesterday . I hope he ’ s not still mad at me .	What did you argue about ?	He borrowed some money from me and I needed it back . He said he didn ’ t have the money yet .	Well , he should pay you back . It ’ s only fair .	yes , but I got furious with him too promptly . He likely imagined that I mistrusted him . I shouldn ’ t have come tempestuous .
para-0109	Hello . Nice to see you again . I heard you went into hospital for a few days to undergo surgery . I hope everything ’ s OK .	Yes , fine . I had something wrong with my stomach . I won ’ t go into detail , but it wasn ’ t serious .	I really dislike going to a doctor or to a hospital .	I think most people are a little nervous about it . I was really very , very nervous just before I had the operation , but the anaesthetist gave me an anaesthetic and the next thing I remember was waking up after the operation .	It must have really hurt afterwards .	Well , the nanny biz me flock of anodynes , but it did sense uncomfortable . I wasn ’ t allowed to feed anything for xlviii hrs . That was the spoileder affair .
para-0110	Is there anything wrong ?	I ’ m worried about my daughter . She can ’ t decide about college .	Don ’ t worry . That ’ s just a part of being a teenager .	I don ’ t mind that . But she disagrees with me about everything .	You should advance her to make up her idea by herself . You shouldn ’ t sham her decisiveness .
para-0111	How are the children doing at sport ?	I ’ m very pleased with their performances . Timmy can cover the 100 meters in 12 seconds . That ’ s very fast for a kid his age .	He ’ s not very good at the long jump though , is he ?	He ’ s not bad . He can jump a distance of over four meters . I think he just prefers running to jumping . Jimmy ’ s very good at the high jump . He can jump over two meters . Again , that ’ s fine for someone his age .	Two ms ? That implies that the eminent parachuting barroom is above his psyche ! Are any of them honest at long - length run ?
para-0112	Welcome . What can I do for you , Madam ?	I hope you can give me some advice . I'm sick and tired of coming here or to the post office to pay my utility bills . It's such a long way from my home , but I checked and you are my nearest branch . Is there anyway I can do it from home ?	That's terrible . Unfortunately , we don't have that many branches outside the centre of town . What I'd advise you to do is set up a Direct Debit Service .	A Direct Debit Service ? What's that exactly ?	A Direct Debit means that every month we can arrange for all of your utility bills to come directly out of your account , no fuss , no hassle .	But how will you know how much I should pay ? I mean , I receive my bills , not you .	We specified up an understanding with the , say , sound caller . They narrate us how much to yield them every month and we compensate direct from your chronicle . Of naturally , we are able-bodied to do this with all of the usefulness fellowships .
para-0113	Here is the draft contract , Mr . Brown . Let's discuss the clauses to see if we agree on all of them . Then I will make out an original of the contract . After that , what's left is to fill out the contract and sign our names .	That's OK .	The contract is to be written in Chinese and English . Both languages are equally effective .	fine . If you 'll apologize me , I 'd care to go it over first . ( After about fifteen seconds ) Hmm , you 've done a jolly serious business . It 's well fain .
para-0114	hi , Bob , I am so glad that you came .	of course I'd come . I couldn't think of a better chance to see all my old friends .	yea . It 's laborious to conceive that it 's been ten yrs since commencement . It senses just yesterday we amassed our sheepskins .
para-0115	Do you have experience in advertising ?	Yes , I used to have a part-time job in advertising company .	What were you mean duties there ?	I mostly did advertising planning .	What qualities do you think an advertising planner should have ?	I reckon an advertizing planner should have combat-ready intellections , originative endowment , and be raw to the alterations in the mart .
para-0116	Good morning , everyone . Let me introduce myself to you ...	You don't need to introduce yourself , Yang . You're famous .	Well , thank you very much but I thought l'd try and chair the meeting by the rule — at least for a while .	OK , OK !	Now , I 'd care to get affairs under means . The independent matter on today 's schedule is the ontogeny of a U . S . sales scheme for the raw reflux . I 'd wish to discover all of your ideas , Mister . wall , you seem in top class today . Could you initiate the clod rambling ?
para-0117	Want to send out for some Chinese ?	Some what ?	Some Chinese food . I'm hungry , and there's a take-out restaurant near here . We can have them deliver and then watch the news on TV while we eat .	No , I'd rather go out . The Chinese food here is rather different from what I had at home . Maybe we can try some other food today ... What about that all-you-can-eat place we passed the other day , the one over in the shopping center ?	Okay . I could go for that . It's called Al's Steakhouse . They also have great fried fish , and I love their salad bar . You can go back to refill your plate as often as you like .	Is that the place that serves such large portions of meat ?	yes , their steaks are tremendous . Sometimes I ca n't end what I 've told .
para-0118	Welcome . What can I do for you , Madam ?	I hope you can give me some advice . I'm sick and tired of coming here or to the post office to pay my utility bills . It's such a long way from my home , but I checked and you are my nearest branch . Is there anyway I can do it from home ?	That 's atrocious . unfortunately , we do n't have that many ramifications alfresco the midpoint of Town . What I 'd counsel you to do is adjusted up a Direct debit serving .
para-0119	I hear you are expecting your family .	Yes , my parents , and soon my brother as well .	I didn't know you had a brother .	Oh , yes , he is two years older than me . He lives in New Zealand so I don't see him that often .	Oh , nice . Is he coming on his own or with the family ?	His son is coming as well . He wants to go to university here in England so they will visit a few universities while they are here .	Does your brother have just one son ?	No , he has two daughters as well . His wife and daughters are visiting her parents . So I won't see them .	I 'm certain your parents are reckoning frontward to seeing their grandson .
para-0120	Have you seen the new James Bond movie ?	Oh , yes . You ?	Yes . What did you think of it ?	I thought it was better than the others-I really liked it . What did you think of it ?	Yes , I liked it , too . It was exciting , but not over the top . Do you know what I mean ?	Mmm . That's what I thought too . I really liked the car chase , and the opening credit sequence was very exciting . And I always enjoy watching Pierce Brosnan .	OH , yes . He 's vivid . Did you wish the rubric Sung ?
para-0121	You are looking really healthy lately . What are you doing differently ?	Thank you for noticing ! I've been making a few lifestyle changes over the past year .	Tell me about it . I'm interested .	Well , it all started when my brother challenged me to quit smoking .	Ha ! That's right . You used to smoke . I forgot !	When I complained that use , I felt I had so much more vim . I commenced practicing .
para-0122	If only our company prescribe flex time .	The board has been considering introducing flex time .	well intelligence . Ah , what if be even honester if alternate study seat is allowed .
para-0123	That dress is very pretty . Why don ’ t you like it ?	It ’ s too loud .	We ’ Ve been looking around for many hours.What on earth are you looking for ?	Well , you know , those styles or colors don ’ t suit me .	What style do you want ?	I desire to bribe a V - cervix checkered jumper , and it should be taut .
para-0124	Farmer's Pet Store .	Can you please tell me where you are located ?	trusted , we are off telling road , confining to the cant .
para-0125	Ok , honey , time to take down the Christmas tree .	Do we have to ?	Come on , it ’ s losing needles all the time and the branches are sagging .	It ’ s not that bad , besides it really looks nice in that corner . It gives the room a good atmosphere .	A good atmosphere ? The tree is falling apart , and it ’ s messing up the room .	But it makes the place feel so much like Christmas . I ’ d really hate to have to take it down .	But Christmas was two weeks ago ! It ’ s been there only because we ’ Ve been too busy to get rid of it .	I know , but it seems like such a shame to have to take it away .	But it ’ s falling apart , and the cat keeps playing with the lower branches .	I acknowledge , I screw . But it prompts me of the neat Yule we just had . All of us were here - - my parents , your parents , the tikes , and the cousins - - the nutrient was serious , and everybody came what they needed .
para-0126	I'll be willing to come and talk about the financing of our imports .	It can be solved by drawing a draft on us at 90 days sight .	What about a draft at 120 days sight ?	All properly . But we involve the tipple be accepted by a cant satisfactory to us .
para-0127	Yes , madam ? Can I help you ?	Oh , yes , please . But you are just closing , aren't you ?	Well , yes , we are , madam . The shop shuts down in five minutes .	I shall not keep you long then . It was about some saucepans you had in your window last week .	Last week , madam ? I really can't remember which ones you mean . What were they like ?	Oh , they were lovely . Sort of imitation wood , dark brown color , country-style you know , and the lids , if I remember rightly , they had a sort of leaf pattern , or was it flowers ?	That's strange . I don't recognize any of the ones we had from that description . Are you sure they were in this shop ?	Oh , you must know the ones I mean . They were on sale , a real bargain . Reduced to a quarter of the original price . I couldn't believe my eyes when I saw them .	I am afraid the sales are over now , madam . And you know we all sold out of the saucepans .	I don't think you did , you know . My neighbor told me she saw some here only yesterday .	Well , it's all new stock in the window now .	May I just have a look , to see if there is anything else ?	Eh , well , madam , as you know we are closing .	Yes , yes , I am sorry I won't keep you . It must get on your nerves when customers come in right at closing time . But they were such beautiful saucepans . I ’ d have bought them if I had made up my mind on the spot .	Perhaps lady , if you descend back tomorrow , I could show you the whole compass of kitchen product . And there are still one or two things at the sale damage .
para-0128	I've come to hear about your offer .	We have the offer ready for you . Let me check . 10 boxes with 50 brooches per box , at 20,000 yuan ; 20 boxes with 50 waistbands per box , at 30,000 yuan ; 15 boxes with other ornaments per box , at 7 , 500 yuan , for shipment in June . The offer is valid for five days .	I can tell you right now that your prices are a little higher than we expected .	You know that the prices of the ornaments have been rising in recent years . The prices we offer this time compare favorably with quotations you can get else where .	I am afraid I ca n't hold with you there . I must level out your termses are gamier than the citations we 've gotten from other troupes .
para-0129	Here you are . You left the medicine here .	Sorry . I was too worried .	I firmly believe that you love your brother very much .	Absolutely . By the way , do you sell any traditional Chinese medicine ?	yes , we have some Taiwanese medicament for mutual coldness .
para-0130	The air conditioning is not working ! We need to call a handyman before we start to fry in here !	Dan is on top of that . I think they are also getting the handyman to fix the bathroom toilet that keeps clogging up .	That would be commodious . They might as well necessitate him to mend the electric wiring . The tour breakers keep going out all the metre . It ’ s really pestering !
para-0131	Come on , you are left behind !	Wow , I can't catch my breath . You are running too fast , honey .	You just need more exercise .	Yes , but you need to slow down . This is jogging , not racing !	I don't care . I want to burn up my fat .	But running so fast is not good for people over forties .	Why ?	We are not as athletic as we were when young . Mild exercise is more suitable for us .	But I want to burn up more calories !	In fact , in orderliness to sunburn up your fatness , you must take it lento for a tenaciouser clip .
para-0132	Tell me about yourself .	I was born and raised in Beijing . I attended Peking University and received my bachelor's degree in Economics . I have worked for 2 years as a financial consultant in Beijing for China Pacific Insurance Co . Ltd .	What type of position are you looking for ?	I'm looking for a position in which I can utilize my experience .	Are you interested in a full-time or part-time position ?	I am more concerned in a full - meter positioning . However , I would also deal a part - metre positioning .
para-0133	Did you get Bean's ten different good luck forwards , like that one from the Dalai Lama ?	Yeah , I deleted all that superstitious crap . What a waste of bandwidth !	I figured I might as well send one or two of them out . Maybe my luck will get better .	Do you really reckon the Dalai lama placed that ? I 'm well-worn of all these frontward .
para-0134	Excuse me . I have an appointment with Mr . Li at nine . May I come in ?	Yes , come in please . I am Mr . Li . You must be My Liu , right ?	Yes , I am My Liu . Thanks .	I'd like to start this interview with some questions . Why do you think you are qualified for this position ?	According to your advertisement , you want an experienced software engineer . I think my background meets the requirement of this position .	Then tell me something about your background .	My major was computer science when I was at college , and I am quite familiar with Visual C + + and Java language .	Well , what do you think about the development in computers ?	The developments in software are going ahead very quickly and more and more problems are resolved by software . In some regions , the hardware is completely replaced by software . So I think the software industry has a great future .	Have you ever designed any programs concerning network ?	yes , I have contrived some syllabuses for the meshwork with Visual C + + and I have expired the tryout for coders - muse .
para-0135	Did you set your clock forward for daylight savings time ?	What ? Why do we have to do that ?	Well , at the start of the spring we usually have more daylight in the mornings and less in the afternoon . This is basically due to our position on the planet and the rotation of the earth . In any case , to take better advantage of the daylight available , we compensate by moving our clocks forward one hour .	I see . That ’ s commodious ! I never realized affairs care this , such as UT . I never live what meter zona we are in or when to modify my clock !
para-0136	Ok , honey , time to take down the Christmas tree .	Do we have to ?	Come on , it ’ s losing needles all the time and the branches are sagging .	It ’ s not that bad , besides it really looks nice in that corner . It gives the room a good atmosphere .	A good atmosphere ? The tree is falling apart , and it ’ s messing up the room .	But it makes the place feel so much like Christmas . I ’ d really hate to have to take it down .	But Christmas was two weeks ago ! It ’ s been there only because we ’ Ve been too busy to get rid of it .	I know , but it seems like such a shame to have to take it away .	But it ’ s falling apart , and the cat keeps playing with the lower branches .	I know , I know . But it reminds me of the great Christmas we just had . All of us were here - - my parents , your parents , the kids , and the cousins - - the food was good , and everybody got what they wanted .	Yeah , it was a good Christmas . It won ’ t always be this good , but we can ’ t make it last longer than it should .	Ok , fine . We need to take down the tree .	I ’ ll make a bargain with you . We ’ ll lead it up until Sun , and then we ’ ll take it down after church .
para-0137	I had a big argument with david yesterday . I hope he ’ s not still mad at me .	What did you argue about ?	He borrowed some money from me and I needed it back . He said he didn ’ t have the money yet .	Well , he should pay you back . It ’ s only fair .	Yes , but I got angry with him too quickly . He probably thought that I mistrusted him . I shouldn ’ t have got angry .	Did you lend him a lot of money ?	Not much . I had to pay an unexpected bill , so I needed the money back .	Well , talk to him about it next time you see him . He probably feels as bad about it as you do . Close friends sometimes have disagreements . It ’ s nothing unusual . Neither of you said anything really nasty , did you ?	No , we didn ’ t . I guess you ’ re right . We should patch things up .	Of naturally you should . You wouldn ’ t need a dizzy statement to bankrupt a foresightful friendship , would you ?
para-0138	Hello , Mr . Black , how are you ?	Fine , thank you , and how are you ?	Very well , thank you . It's nice to meet you again . I am awfully sorry for not being able to meet you at the airport , as I was busy yesterday . I do hope you had a very enjoyable trip from New York .	Yes , a very pleasant journey indeed . Thank you .	How are you getting along with your business ?	Not bad . The fur market is not very brisk lately , but the selling season is advancing near . I hope there will be more buyers in the market this year .	I trust we can do more job together . Though we are slaked with our retiring swop platter , there are still openings for more line . In the interim , let 's discourse other arenas of cooperation , such as investiture , engineering transference and technological help .
para-0139	What are you typing there ?	I'm working on my resume .	Really ? Did you find any information about a new job ?	yea , I just got some full info off the cyberspace .
para-0140	Susan is going to get a divorce .	How do you know that ?	She ordered me that cock and she has a run-in last nigh , and she allowed this dayspring , suitcase and luggage .
para-0141	Margaret , I'd like to follow up with the arrangements for our company retreat , to take place next month . We need to book the venue , make arrangements for speakers and door prizes , and set up all the activities and accommodations . Also , very important , we need to determine which of our staff will be eligible and will be available to go . We've got to get a head count in order to make reservations .	What's the criteria for staff to attend ? Are we only including our management team in this affair ? Or will we be extending invitations to lower level employees to attend ?	modester layer employees postulate not see . The design of this hideaway is for breeding , specially for our direction squad . We need to formulate a well - oiled motorcar on our executive floor . In ordination to get everyone to set together , we 've caught to admit some playfulness . That 's the reasonableness for the hideaway .
para-0142	I hear you are expecting your family .	Yes , my parents , and soon my brother as well .	I didn't know you had a brother .	Oh , yes , he is two years older than me . He lives in New Zealand so I don't see him that often .	Oh , nice . Is he coming on his own or with the family ?	His son is coming as well . He wants to go to university here in England so they will visit a few universities while they are here .	Does your brother have just one son ?	No , he has two daughters as well . His wife and daughters are visiting her parents . So I won't see them .	I 'm certain your parents are looking fore to looking their grandson .
para-0143	Have you declared your income and are you prepared to pay tax ?	Not yet . I don't know how to fill out the form . What is the tax-free allowance for supporting a dependent ?	I don't really know . Why not ask the accountant or the lawyer of the law firm ? They will tell you which is subject or not subject to taxation . He can even help you avoid paying tax legally .	If I do n't devote my taxation , would the taxation officials describe it ?
para-0144	The air conditioning is not working ! We need to call a handyman before we start to fry in here !	Dan is on top of that . I think they are also getting the handyman to fix the bathroom toilet that keeps clogging up .	That would be convenient . They might as well ask him to fix the electrical wiring . The circuit breakers keep going out all the time . It ’ s really annoying !	Yeah you are right . This office is falling apart ! Frank told me the other day that the gutters outside were clogged and that ’ s why the parking lot was flooded .	I fuck ! I was in ankle abstruse H2O judging to get to my auto that daylight ! The handyman emphatically has his oeuvre pruned out for him .
para-0145	Shall we share a taxi ?	Where are you heading now ?	I desire to go back to my college on the Huanghe road . It is very skinny to your home .
para-0146	I find that you spend little on handset charge every month . Have you any trick ?	It's simple . You can use call transfer .	Is it so simple ?	Sure . You know , we spend most of our time at home or in the office every day , so I receive handset calls with the hand-free telephone , so I need pay little for receiving calls .	It's true .	Call transport has many other advantages . When I am in homes where meshing ca n't continue , such as the gamey edifice , I also expend call transferral mapping , which transplants my yells to the hand - devoid phone and I will not drop any call .
para-0147	You'll never guess what I won at work today ! - Tickets to tonight's final NBA game .	Two , I hope and I hope that by telling me about them you are planning on taking me !	Of course ! And here's the best part , they are court side seats !	How in the existence ! Who got up with places ilk that from your companionship ?
para-0148	Shall we share a taxi ?	Where are you heading now ?	I want to go back to my college on the Huanghe road.It is very close to your house .	Is that the university next to the Teachers ' College ?	That's the one .	You mean we'll share the taxi ?	Yeah . If we apportion the cabriolet , it 'll be cheaper . Besides that your Chinese is effectiver than mine . The drivers unremarkably have trouble empathizing me even though I practise my pronunciation cautiously .
para-0149	hi , Bob , I am so glad that you came .	of course I'd come . I couldn't think of a better chance to see all my old friends .	yeah . It's hard to believe that it's been ten years since graduation . It feels just yesterday we collected our diplomas .	how time flies . But hey , how are things going with you ?	Ohio , where to go ? There have been ups and Downs . I 'm still examining to feel my spot in this creation . It 's only latterly that I 've been able-bodied to depart finalizing down . How about you ? You still with Jenn
para-0150	This looks wonderful , Madame Culot .	Yes , it's very nice . All our foreign visitors enjoy it . The food is wonderfully well-prepared . Let me know if you need any help with the menu .	Thank you . Mmm . Can you tell me about the terrine ?	Yes . A terrine is a kind of meat pate . It's meat turned into a paste . It sounds horrible but it's actually really good .	Mmm . Maybe another time .	You could try the ravioli . They are rather like your Chinese dumplings , and the sauce is delicious .	Sounds good . I think I'll have the lamb for my main course . What does it come with ?	Well , you can have fries-French fries-or simple boiled potatoes .	I'll have the potatoes . What are you having ?	I 'm making my common . I care the Fish here . Would you wish some vino ?
para-0151	Here is the draft contract , Mr . Brown . Let's discuss the clauses to see if we agree on all of them . Then I will make out an original of the contract . After that , what's left is to fill out the contract and sign our names .	That's OK .	The declaration is to be indited in Formosan and side . Both nomenclatures are evenly good .
para-0152	Come in , come in , what can I do for you ?	Professor Donald , are you giving your advanced geology course again next semester ?	Yes , I am applying on it .	I wonder if I could enroll in it . I know it is a graduate course and I ' m a junior , but ...	Are n't you a chip unseasoned ? I have a Lot of dependant elders to take the row and they commonly have a laborious clip preventing up .
para-0153	Ms . Montgomery ? This is Richard Thomas . I ’ m sorry to bother you at home , but I ’ Ve got a bit of a problem .	Oh ? What ’ s wrong ?	My girl ’ s just spanged up her genu jolly mischievously and I ’ m running to have to take her to the infirmary . I ’ ll be about two hours latterly .
para-0154	How are you wedding plans going ?	Very well . We started organizing everything early to avoid a last minute rush to get things done . The only thing that isn ’ t ready yet is my wedding dress .	When will that be ready ?	The dressmakers said that is would be ready in two weeks .	You ’ re getting married in three weeks . So that should be ok . So , you ’ Ve prepared the church , catering , transport , hotel-everything .	Yes . We ’ Ve taken care of all of that . We decided not to get married in a church though . Neither of us is very religious .	Which hotel will the reception be held at ?	The palace hotel they ’ re taking care of the catering , including the wedding cake . I ’ m sure they ’ ll do a good job .	Oh , yes . It ’ s and excellent hotel . A friend of mine had her wedding reception there and said it was perfect , though very expensive .	yes . It will be expensive , but we reckon it will be deserving it . It generates us groovy heartsease of intellect to experience that our receipt is in the handwritings of experient masseses .
para-0155	Have you decided what you ’ re going to do during your holiday ?	Yes . I ’ m going to travel around Europe .	Wow , that sounds great ! Where are you going ?	I reckon I will originate off in Paris . Then I ’ m failing to take the gearing to Nice and then go on to Milano .
para-0156	Mary and Tom are breaking up .	It's unbelievable ! They are only married for one month . Then who is at fault ?	Madonna said she could n't put up with tom , for he came in dear with another womanhood .
para-0157	Hello ! This is Ruby speaking from G . O . T . International Travel Agency . What can I do for you ?	I ’ d like to make a reservation for my trip from Detroit to Beijing on April 13 on Trans Pacific Airline .	Do you want a single ticket or a round trip ticket ?	I ’ d like to have a round trip ticket with a one-year open return .	Economy or Business Class ?	Economy , please . How much is it ?	It will be $ 850 .	Very good . Could I get an electronic ticket ? I ’ m always afraid of losing my tickets .	No problem . How do you wish to pay for it ?	Bank of American card . The number is 6786 9182 12300 8657 .	Thank you ! Would you like an aisle seat or a window seat ?	An aisle seat , please . I ’ m tall and need to get up and walk pretty often .	No problem . Your ticket is for Trans Pacific Flight 87 from Detroit to Beijing at 3 forty p . m . on April 13 . You will arrive at Beijing International Airport at six 35 p . m . on April 14 . Your electronic	What time should I arrive at Detroit Airport ?	Please be at the airport two hours before your departure to check in . You also need to reconfirm your reservation with the airline at least 7 days prior to your departure .	What materialises if I can ’ t entrust on Apr thirteen ? Can I invalidate my tag or alter the qualification to another appointment ?
para-0158	Ok , honey , time to take down the Christmas tree .	Do we have to ?	Come on , it ’ s losing needles all the time and the branches are sagging .	It ’ s not that bad , besides it really looks nice in that corner . It gives the room a good atmosphere .	A good atmosphere ? The tree is falling apart , and it ’ s messing up the room .	But it makes the place feel so much like Christmas . I ’ d really hate to have to take it down .	But Christmas was two weeks ago ! It ’ s been there only because we ’ Ve been too busy to get rid of it .	I know , but it seems like such a shame to have to take it away .	But it ’ s falling apart , and the cat keeps playing with the lower branches .	I experience , I recognize . But it prompts me of the swell Xmas we just had . All of us were here - - my parents , your parents , the youngsters , and the cousins - - the nutrient was beneficial , and everybody caught what they wanted .
para-0159	Hello ! Tomorrow I'm going to need a wake-up call .	Not a problem . What time shall we call you ?	I always hit the snooze button , so give me two calls , one at 7 and another at 7 fifteen .	It'll be our pleasure . We'll call you at 7 and then at 7 fifteen .	Oops , scrub that . deepen the 2d call to 7 xxx will you , please ?
para-0160	Is there anything else , apart from the Credit Rating and Debt to Asset Ratio ?	There is the Balance of Net Liabilities . This must not exceed its net assets and no business loss can be shown during the past two years .	Right , OK . That , again , shouldn't be a problem .	And the entire proportion of yield on pluses should not be smaller than the norm , for that fussy diligence , for the first two one-fourths of the yr .
para-0161	You guys are charging me $ 10 for a movie that I never ordered or saw .	Let's see , sir . According to your file , you watched ' Titanic ' Monday evening .	Well , the wrong information is in my file . I was at a concert Monday night .	Well , your word overrules the file , sir . One moment , please .	I knew you'd see it my way .	Sir , I deleted the $ 10 , but I had to add a $ 2 service charge to your bill .	Am I in the Twilight Zone ? You're charging me for a movie I never saw ?	Please do n't pick me , Sir . charge the reckoner coder .
para-0162	Next , please . May I help you , sir ?	Hello , yes , I ’ d like to open a bank account .	Certainly , I can can help you with that . What type of account would you like to open ? A chequing or a savings account ?	What What features do they offer ?	Well , if you just take a look here , see , with our chequing account , you can have unlimited daily transactions for a small monthly fee , and our savings account has a higher interest rate , but you must carry a minimum balance of $ 10,000 dollars .	I see , well , I think I ’ m more interested in a chequing account . I like to have easy access to my money .	OK , then , with this chequing score you ’ ll be released a debit scorecard and a check ledger . Will you command overdraft auspices ? There is an supererogatory fee for that .
para-0163	Yeah , look at all those new buildings going up ! Mr . Zhang , the traffic is pretty smooth . But we were told the roads from the airport to downtown were quite crowded and traffic jams could be as long as half an hour .	Yes , they were . But it has already past . The traffic from the airport to downtown has been relieved after the completion of Yan'an Aerial Road .	We've never expected that Shanghai is such a big metropolis , same as New York city . David , would it be a good idea to rent a car here ? I've got an international driver's license with a pretty good record in the States .	That 's marvellous . ok . I 'll think that . But I have to admonish you that you must force very cautiously in the downtown region , for there 're no freestanding lanes for motor fomites and bicycles in some situations , and still quite a few multitudes do n't take route regularizations gravely .
para-0164	hi , Mary ! What do you like to do in your spare time ?	well , I spend a lot of time watching movies .	what a confidence ! I always watch a lot of movies , too .	oh really , Frank ? What kind of movies do you like ?	actually , I watch whichever movie there is , be it a comedy , a sci-fi or a suspense movie . How about you ?	art films are my favorite , but thrillers are cool , too .	really impressive . These two genres are totally different .	sure . I enjoy both of them very much .	how often do you go to the cinema ?	once in a while , I opine , I unremarkably lease flicks at flick salon .
para-0165	Hi . What's your name ?	My name is Jung Min . What's your name ?	My name is Jessica . It's nice to meet you .	Yes . It's nice to meet you too . Are you a new student too ?	No . I'm a sophomore . I take it you are a new student ?	Yeah . It's pretty exciting to be here .	Have fun while it lasts . The excitement wears off real quick . Especially after you see how much homework you get . Where are you from ?	I'm from Korea . My parents wanted me to go to an American university , so I came here .	I have never been to Korea . I've been to Japan before , but never Korea .	Why were you in Japan ?	My father thought it would be a good experience to take a vacation to a different country . He's so into learning about different cultures .	That's pretty cool .	I thought it would have been more fun if I went without my parents .	Well , if you ever want to visit Korea , I would be happy to show you around .	thankses for the fling . I 'll keep that in head . Ohio , the prof is numbering . We 'll blab more after category .
para-0166	Bill , do you know if the cafeteria around the corner's open today ?	Yes . They were open this morning when I came to work . They must've finished remodeling . Why do you want to know ?	Well , I thought that maybe we could go there for lunch today . That is , if you haven't promised to go with someone else .	That 'd be rattling , putz . But I desire you 're in a honester humor than you were this dayspring .
para-0167	Have you seen the tower in front of us . That's the famous Eiffel Tower . It was built in 1889 for the World's Fair .	How tall is this building ?	It endures 320 m ( 1050 foot ) luxuriously and declared the disk as the world 's magniloquentest construction until 1930 .
para-0168	Hi , could we have two orange juice smoothies ?	Would you like those with yogurt ?	Sure , why not ?	What else would you wish to sum ? We extremely commend Caterpillar fungus .
para-0169	What can I do for you , miss ?	I am looking for a pair of shoes .	Do you comparable high-pitched hounds or two-dimensional skids ?
para-0170	I'd like to apply for a credit card . Can you help me with my application ?	I'd be glad to .	I'm afraid that I don't have a credit history . I just came to this country .	Do you have an account with this bank ?	I'm afraid not .	In that cause I extremely commend you implement for a deliveries and checking chronicle also . That would assist with your acknowledgment menu coating .
para-0171	Excuse me , I would like to know something about this campus . Right now it seems very big and confusing ! I have no idea where I am going or what I am doing .	Do you have a map of the campus ?	yes , I have , but it doesn ’ t avail me very much . I ’ m not very beneficial at indication mapping .
para-0172	I was just watching a documentary on TV about how people use dogs for various purpose . It was very interesting .	I love dogs . They have been used as guards for centuries . Nowadays , they are often used to find illegal drugs and bombs by the police and customs officers .	The documentary also pointed out that they are used by shepherds to round up sheep and by rescue workers to find people trapped under rubble or snow .	Horses are useful to people too . We use them for sports and recreation .	don ’ t bury that sawbucks are still used in many states to perpetrate Ploughs and carts .
para-0173	Hey Jimmy . Let's go workout later today .	Sure . What time do you want to go ?	How about at 3:30 ?	That vocalizes just . today we influence on ramifications and forearm .
para-0174	I would like to watch the Oscars on tv tonight . How about you ?	Yes , I ‘ d love to . it ’ s interesting to see who is considered the best in their field and which film are thought to be particularly good .	I like watching it for the fashion . I like to see what the ladies are wearing . Of course , the men nearly always just wear the traditional tuxedo .	Sometimes the men wear flamboyant colours . Which films do you think will win awards this year ?	I ‘ m really not sure . Usually just one or two films look set to sweep the awards ceremony , but this year there are several contenders .	You ’ re right . This year should be much more exciting than usual . What ’ s you favourite award category ?	You might think this strange , but I like the category for best foreign language film .	It ’ s overnice to see extraneous nomenclature celluloid producing a niggling wallop on Hollywood . I wish the best thespian and actress .
para-0175	The restaurant across the street hired a new Chinese chef , so I ordered some Chinese food there for this evening .	Good . I love Chinese food . What did you order ?	Something hot and spicy . They look very inviting on the menu . You are going to love them .	mayhap we can chance a space to determine some Formosan cookery . I try there 's a station in Chinatown where you can take some trends . Are you concerned ?
para-0176	Hide me , Yi-jun ! The kids all think I'm the real Easter bunny !	Aw , that's sweet ! I knew your costume would be a success .	It 's a achiever all right-hand . The minors keep judging to arrest me .
para-0177	In foreign trade , exporters have to adjust their product in a timely manner .	How to adjust ?	Exporters must ensure that their product satisfies customers ' needs , wants and likes .	Ah , some products are successful at home , but not be popular overseas .	That's because the fashion , taste and social customs and so on vary considerably .	Yes , sometimes the differences are great .	Well , we should be in accordance with national conditions and adjust the product .	We have to ascertain that the ware should be attractive to warrant sales .
para-0178	Good day ! Welcome to Lincoln Bank , how may we assist you ?	Hello . I need to find out if a Receipt of Proceeds has arrived . I'm from Felix Wasserman Associates .	Thanks . Have you got the L / C number ?	It's NX567822100007 .	advert on a ticking and I 'll checker for you . I 'm regretful ; we have no book of that getting .
para-0179	Should we ask Jason to play ? He's always watching movies on HBO .	I guess we should invite him . I just hope he doesn't start talking about Sylvester Stallone and Arnold Schwarzenegger again .	Ohio , descend on ! The plot is sounder with three multitudes . Anyway , if we do n't require him to encounter , he 'll be delirious .
para-0180	What seems to the trouble Mr Brown ?	I ’ m in pretty bad shape , Doctor Ford .	Oh , In what way .	No appetite , always unaged and I can ’ t sleep well .	Did you lose any weight ?	YES . I ’ Ve lost quite a few pounds since last month .	when was the last time you have track up ?	About two month ago .	Let me take your blood pressure . You look anilic . Well , Mr.Brown . I ’ m happy to say it ’ s nothing serious . You just a little run down from overwork .	What am I suppose to do ?	I reckon you ’ ll involves just holiday . stress to get out doorways more . I ’ ll be indisputable if you get more relaxation .
para-0181	The restaurant across the street hired a new Chinese chef , so I ordered some Chinese food there for this evening .	Good . I love Chinese food . What did you order ?	Something hot and spicy . They look very inviting on the menu . You are going to love them .	maybe we can chance a station to memorize some Taiwanese cookery . I learn there 's a station in Chinatown where you can take some rows . Are you concerned ?
para-0182	Look , here is a very special business card from an illustrator . Every time I go through my book of business cards , I will notice it . It is an eye-catching one .	Wow , fantastic . I like the font and color for his name . It is creative yet personal .	yes , it is a sheer blueprint . people will trust he can make an example as an telling as a byplay add-in . It just brooks out from those apparent and stock aces used by governance masseses or other bad secret and public constitutions .
para-0183	Say , what's your favorite sport ?	Mmmm ... it's hard to say . I like golf a lot-but I guess I like tennis better .	Do you play much tennis ?	Yes , quite a bit . How about a game sometime ?	dark . I 'm purely a spectator - football , baseball , hoops , golf ... I view them all .
para-0184	Would you check the engine , please ? It is knocking .	Sure . Do you want to have the car washed ?	Yes , please . When can you get it done ?	You can nibble it up in one-half an hr . By the direction , how are you moving to devote , Cash or acknowledgment ?
para-0185	how are you doing today	fine . are you from one of my law classes ?	how are you doing today	fine . are you from one of my law classes ?	no i am not . where do you go to school	by singing to me , you lawfully accept not to slip my information for trials . o.k. ?
para-0186	hello . how are you this evening ?	great ! how are you ?	hello . how are you this evening ?	great ! how are you ?	i am alright , long day of pediatrics . , reading , and running ! all things i love .	oh wow , i just got my degree as a registered nurse !	that is really awe-inspiring ! my wife is a nursemaid , and my two nestlings desire to be docs !
para-0187	hey there how are you	hey . i am fine and what about you ?	hey there how are you	hey . i am fine and what about you ?	slightly stressed out , had a very very long weel	what does weel means ? i never heard of this	sorry , typo error on my part , week . what do you do for work ?	oh it is ok . i do not work yet do you ?	i work at mcdonalds unfortunately	how old are you ?	i am nineteen , what about you	i am 24 . did you finish high school ?	yes , last year . thinking of starting college	you should start college you will have a better job	so people say , but degrees do not mean jobs magically appear	this is genuine . now daytime is laborious to obtain a chore even you have degree
para-0188	how are you this evening ?	yo ! i am great . eating sushi . what are you up to ?	how are you this evening ?	yo ! i am great . eating sushi . what are you up to ?	oh , sore . i had surgery last week . i have 2 dogs that are big wanting attention .	what was the surgery ? i would be bummed since i run every day .	my knee . yes , i play frisbee and it sucks .	how long are you off the knee ? i like working out , so i hope soon .	well , off the knee for 3 more weeks at least .	well , not too long . you can listen to rap and work the arms .	yes . that any my sardine breakfast i have every day .	no sards for me . i corrode vegan . but salad oeuvres .
para-0189	hi there how are you dong	great . just got finished eating sushi . . my favorite . you ?	hi there how are you dong	great . just got finished eating sushi . . my favorite . you ?	yum ! i am a vet so i just got home . sick cat tonight	aww . listening to knap now , my pet genre .
para-0190	super excited that deer hunting season is almost here . do you have hobbies ?	i have been doing taekwondo since i was a kid , but enjoy softball now	super excited that deer hunting season is almost here . do you have hobbies ?	i have been doing taekwondo since i was a kid , but enjoy softball now	you are very athletic , but i bet that kung fu would not beat my guns	i am not a violent person really . i am in the choir at church !	i attend church sunday faithfully . are you calling me violent ?	i would not fight you , instead i would have you over for italian food	as long as i can bring my family . they live right up the road	you can bring the family . do they like to sing ?	yes . we can also babble about the 2d ammendment and how you should not venerate guns
para-0191	hello how are you today	i am doing well . i just wish the weather was better	hello how are you today	i am doing well . i just wish the weather was better	i hope you feel better . what do you do for a living	i am a professional stripper , what you do ?	i am an exotic veterinarian but i play guitar in a band on the weekends	oh wow , i love animals too . i like animals more than i do people	i do too i really like reptiles . where are you from	baby , i am from houston , texas . but i am in chicago right now	i grew up in los angeles but moved to miami	yo , i hear its real hot in miami , they got it going on	it is but i go to the beach a lot .	that is real cool . i am so tired , i do not feel like hitting this stage	do you like to read or play video games	i love reading especially on watt pad	i jazz Words in the play genre and fiddle rpg videogames
para-0192	hi i am a bit shy but it is nice to meet you	i met alot of shy people when i studied abroad it is ok	hi i am a bit shy but it is nice to meet you	i met alot of shy people when i studied abroad it is ok	where did you study ? my mother studied abroad for her degree	i studied in norway , but i gave it up to chase my dream of making model cars	have you actualized your dream ? i am on the pro circuit of making model spaceships	i had to stop because i just became a father . . . . to 9 puppies by my dog ginger	my mother is a doctor can she adopt one for her experiments ?	maybe . it would cost 1000 trying to recreate the titanic	very costly yes . my mother may be able to genetically reengineer your boys	can she remake jack . i have seen it 10 times	is piteous squat the shrimp of the bedding ? unconvincing but peradventure . .
para-0193	hi . how is your day going ?	great , just got home from work . how are you ?	hi . how is your day going ?	great , just got home from work . how are you ?	not bad . the teens at the shelter were great today . what is your profession ?	i work at a help desk . so you work with homeless teens ?	yep . i am a mentor of sorts . thinking of cooking . you had supper ?	i did , i eat dinner while watching the news . what are you cooking ?	italian food . chicken alfredo . sigh .	is that not your favorite food ?	yep . what is your favorite food ?	i like to eat chinese and italian	i met my husband at taekwondo class . he is chinese .	oh how fun ! do you have children or pets ?	no . not yet . do you have family or pets ?	no , no pets or husband . i work a lot	yea . life-time is full sometimes . i expend my excess metre scorching .
para-0194	hello . i work as a batista . how about you ?	what is that ? like to shop i do which is why i am here lol	hello . i work as a batista . how about you ?	what is that ? like to shop i do which is why i am here lol	yes i do . i also savour wagering guitar . where is your class from ?
para-0195	hey , how are you doing tonight ?	i am well just got in from playing with the dolphins . how are you ?	hey , how are you doing tonight ?	i am well just got in from playing with the dolphins . how are you ?	the football team or the animal ?	animal . my home is under water . where do you live ?	what do you live in a sea lab or a sub ? i live in my dad	the sea is my home . the aquatic creatures are my friends .	that is so wild . i like the beach , but i never imagined . are you merkin ?	sure you could call it that . do have any hobbies ?	wow . yeah i like horses	how old are you ? i spend all day at school ! i would rather be playing .	i am 29 . i actually live in my dads car dealership	do you sell cars too	yeah , he thinks i have a house , but i have been living at work	why ? are you broke ? i like having dinner at home every day !	yea i spoiled all my Cash , i am speculated to host blessing too
para-0196	hey there . how is it going ?	not bad . currently writing my third novel . all about romance .	hey there . how is it going ?	not bad . currently writing my third novel . all about romance .	how long have you been writing for ?	over xx ages . existing far aside on an island assists me cumulate views .
para-0197	hi there . how are you tonight ?	good . is english your native tongue ? it is mine .	hi there . how are you tonight ?	good . is english your native tongue ? it is mine .	yes it is . what do you do for study ? i am utilised at a inquiry adroitness .
para-0198	hi ! how are you ? do you like poker ? it is my favorite card game	i used to like it , but my job does not get me enough money .	hi ! how are you ? do you like poker ? it is my favorite card game	i used to like it , but my job does not get me enough money .	oh ? what is your job ? i am studying to be a teacher in college	i work at a fast food place , but want to go to college sometime .	that is awesome ! good luck who is your favorite singer ? i love ed sheeran .	i am more into ponderous stone . matches my animation as i knew with my aunty raising up .
para-0199	good evening , i am taking a study break , how are you tonight ?	i am well . i just got home from hairdresser school .	good evening , i am taking a study break , how are you tonight ?	i am well . i just got home from hairdresser school .	that is awesome , it is really tough being a two year law student .	try having to cook for two sons after school ! ha ha	i bet that can be challenging , it sounds like success is important to both of us .	yes it is . what do you usually eat for breakfast ?	how long is your program ? i like cream of wheat maple syrup . what about you ?	it is 2 years . i love to eat granola for breakfast , every day .	that is great , i am done two years i have a couple more to go .	that is smashing . i have been writing up for some vintage LS ribbons recently .
para-0200	good evening , i have a nice glass of scotch here , it has been a long day .	usually after a long day , i prefer a nice glass of wine .	beneficial eve , i have a overnice spyglass of Scotch here , it has been a tenacious Day .
para-0201	hello how are you ? i mistakenly ate some mango today , it bothered my allergy	i am doing very well , thank you . i am sorry to hear that .	hullo how are you ? i erroneously corroded some mango today , it chafed my allergy
para-0202	did you have loving parents as a child ?	sadly no . that is why i have a crappy job at as an animal cage cleaner	did you have loving parents as a child ?	sadly no . that is why i have a crappy job at as an animal cage cleaner	same as me . have you considered a job that does something different ?	i love art and want to be a famous artist .	i am not a fan of art , but i am considering getting a college degree .	well it is either that or join the circus as an act with webbed toes	that would be better than to work at a fast food place .	really . why do you think that ?	that is just how my family raised me . you disagree , i am sure .	yea emphatically . your fellowship busted you to be pessimistic ?
para-0203	hi , how are you ? studying for a test tomorrow .	hey ! me too , and i just got back from the arctic . studying what ?	hi , how are you ? studying for a test tomorrow .	hey ! me too , and i just got back from the arctic . studying what ?	have a test in childhood education tomorrow . wow about the arctic .	cool . i study international law . met my girlfriend abroad .	no boyfriend here , but playing tennis with a new guy tomorrow .	yeah ? active , huh . me too . i am flying out again after my exam .	yes , active . love sports and dancing to rap music .	my dog is better at dancing than i am !	i love dogs , but do not have one . i hang with several friends who do .	the great thing about them is , you can travel with them .	how much extra does it cost if they fly with you ?	not all that much . a buddy of mine shares his plane with me .	perfumed ! peradventure someday , after college , i could instruct to fell .
para-0204	hi , how are you ?	i am doing good . listening to some john denver .	hi , how are you ?	i am doing good . listening to some john denver .	awesome ! i am a huge music fan . taylor swift is my absolute favorite singer	oh . what do you like to do ?	what do you like to do in your spare time ?	i love horses . i grew up on a ranch .	that must have been great .	it was . i also like to garden and cook .	how fun ! i attend a cooking class here in the city .	what is your favorite thing to cook ?	the grocery store i work at sells amazing fresh veggies .	i use a lot of the veggies i grow to cook with .	i like to cook up a nice stir fry	i examine to corrode salubrious . i operate out a bunch .
para-0205	hello , do you like tupac ?	i love tupac . he is great to listen to while weightlifting .	hello , do you like tupac ?	i love tupac . he is great to listen to while weightlifting .	i listen to him while playing tennis and running .	that sounds bold . you remind me of theodore roosevelt . who do you look up to ?	indiana jones . i want to be just like him .	i used to act out his movies at home with my sister .	my friends and i do that as well . it is so fun .	we should get together and dissemble . we could affect to deliver lapins for my blog .
para-0206	hey , i am here with my dogs , timbo and bananas	i love dogs ! we have a lot of them on my horse ranch .	hey , i am here with my dogs , timbo and bananas	i love dogs ! we have a lot of them on my horse ranch .	that is awesome ! what do you do with your horses ?	i train horses for a living . what do you do ?	i play frisbee competitively and it is so much fun	that is nifty ! i practise every daytime to bide level-headed and corrode from my garden
para-0207	hello . how are you today ?	feeling a little scared because i heard a dog barking outside . you ?	hello . how are you today ?	feeling a little scared because i heard a dog barking outside . you ?	i am wonderful . i just had a huge slice of cake to feed my cravings .	i am having a glass of scotch on the rocks while watching the dark knight	coolio ! i could utilize some of that . i am failing g to the golf-club tonight .
para-0208	i am always trying to reserve for other but how are you	just got off work mcdonalds is not cutting it i might go back to school	i am always trying to reserve for other but how are you	just got off work mcdonalds is not cutting it i might go back to school	i mean to say that introvert is my personality my cats serve them love me	i cant stop thinking of my real parents they aban	your parents that do they live in a faraway island just like me	i do not know since they abandoned me	hey i m actually into writing specially romance novel	nice maybe il study writing does it pay any good ?	it s really good i suggested for you	what are your plans for the rest of the week ?	i will just continue on writing	will you ever make your novel into a movie ?	if it will be a hit and then i will	overnice i bid i interpret more i unremarkably just ascertain the movie
para-0209	hello , how is your day going	hi . my day is good . i am hanging out with both of my sons .	hello , how is your day going	hi . my day is good . i am hanging out with both of my sons .	cool , sounds like fun . just as much fun as cross stitch and quilts	i love those crafts ! right now i am into my aquarium filled with exotic fish .	i am what you would call a baby boomer , explains the quilting passion	you might like my collection of decorations . they are 50s vintage !	sure , it would bring back old memories . especially when my dad served in the military	that is awesome . what do you eat for breakfast ? mine is granola every day .	burgoo rooter over here . my parents were immigrants , they proved me on oat everyday .
para-0210	hi how are you ? i feel woozy . someone must have spiked my iced tea	sorry to hear that . i feel great just finished working out .	hi how are you ? i feel woozy . someone must have spiked my iced tea	sorry to hear that . i feel great just finished working out .	i would rather do computer coding than work out . maybe i should change	i exercise daily and ride my horses . do you ride ?	no . i like country music festivals , and strumming country songs on my guitar	i am into horses , not much on computers , i grew up on a ranch .	i plan to spend my early twenties on a ranch .	cool , i like music by john denver , we ranchers like the country stuff .	true . maybe i will build a website for country music fans . kind of like spotify	computer novice here , but i garden ? i use my garden vegetables in my cooking .	i have always wanted to do that . it seems to becoming a trend	you sound very smart . i am a simple country girl who likes gardening and horses .	i like the simple life too . iced tea and country music , and i am in heaven	i care to acquire constituent and determine meals for my kinsfolk . do you manipulate ?
para-0211	i just got back from a bike ride with my grandchildren .	that sounds lovely ! have you ever taken them to the zoo ? i love zoos !	i just got back from a bike ride with my grandchildren .	that sounds lovely ! have you ever taken them to the zoo ? i love zoos !	zoos are awesome ! i adopted my cat from the zoo	what kind of cat ? i do not have any pets .	you have to promise not to tell , having tigers is illegal	no need to worry , i am a nurse not a cop !	that is so cool . i am a nurses aide at the old folks home	how nice . sometimes i donate teddy bears to old folks homes i have a large collection	that is a nice thing to do . my grandchildren like teddy bears too	i have extras i can give them ! not the green ones that is my favorite color !	thank you ! i will have six happy grandkids ! can fido have one too ?	absolutely ! the collection is pretty large . what is your favorite color ?	i reckon jaundiced ? i care them all . greenish is a voguish color
para-0212	meow meow . my cats say hello .	awww , my cat sammy says hi too	meow meow . my cats say hello .	awww , my cat sammy says hi too	lol . i compose novels , principally romanticism . my CATS always make an appearing .
para-0213	hello , how are you doing today	i am doing well . i just took a break from writing my new novel .	hello , how are you doing today	i am doing well . i just took a break from writing my new novel .	what is your novel about ? i am a recent college graduate	it is actually a romance novel , but it has sci fi elements .	that sounds interesting , i would like to read it some day .	it should be out by the end of the year . do you have any pets ?	i do ! my beloved cat arizona . do you ?	i have some cats as well . two of them . they keep me company since i am isolated .	why are you isolated ? do you have siblings ? my brother was just married	i live on an island near greece . so i am introverted , but by location not personality .	i see , that goes bewitching . i once took a life who s source was from greece
para-0214	hi , i was a geology teacher awhile ago , please tell me something interesting about you	hey there what you up too	hi , i was a geology teacher awhile ago , please tell me something interesting about you	hey there what you up too	nothing much , i just caught done stopping gumshoe exploring , frosting sportfishing and stuff
para-0215	hello . how are you today ? just running dogs here .	i am good , are they your dogs ?	hello . how are you today ? just running dogs here .	i am good , are they your dogs ?	no . i have an obedience school . haha . got to pay fr the new house .	oh i see . are you good with dogs then ?	yeah . i am good with all animals . so tell me something about you .	i enjoy being in the outdoors , especially if i get to break out my tent .	i love nature . rather be dancing at a club .	i am not a effective terpsichorean but i bonk hearing to tawdry music
para-0216	did you know that working at whole foods means you can ride a horse to work ? !	not really , i am studying at the university up state learning biology .	did you know that working at whole foods means you can ride a horse to work ? !	not really , i am reading at the university up Dos studying biota .
para-0217	hi , merna jean here , single and i love buying clothes . you ?	i am a middle schooler who absolutely loves pink floyd !	hi , merna jean here , single and i love buying clothes . you ?	i am a middle schooler who absolutely loves pink floyd !	get out ! me too ! i am an rn who loves rock .	that is sick ! i want to act when i am an adult	great ! why wait though ? you think being an rn is sick ?	sick as in cool ! i am too shy to start now . i just came out as trans	hmmm . i see . i just bid i can my first Rn caper . honest hazard .
para-0218	hey there . how are you ?	wonderful . just finished work . how are you ?	hey there . how are you ?	wonderful . just finished work . how are you ?	doing good ! what do you do for work ?	right now i am modeling . it is why i moved to this city . what do you do ?	that sounds exciting ! i work mentoring troubled teens .	that is why i do not ever want kids . where are you from ?	i do not have any of my own either . i am in north carolina . you ?	new york . a great place to be single ! married yourself ?	never been married . i am originally from new york actually	came here to be a singer . why did you leave ?	most of my family moved down here and i eventually followed them . singing is awesome !	it is fun . but modeling pays more ! you have hobbies ?	yes , i fiddle softball and commit taekwondo . what are some of yours ?
para-0219	hello how are you today	not too bad , eating a ribeye at the moment	hello how are you today	not too bad , eating a ribeye at the moment	sounds good , i love steak	i love it almost as much as the sound system i have in my truck	yeah its great i go to the gym 3 times a week	i prefer hiking and camping , cardio at the gym is so boring	i have a lot of free time being single and living alone	you should get into healthcare like my mom , lots of nice ladies	i work in labor at the hospital .	what ? ! how are you single , you should eat more meat lad .	busy schedule its hard to find the time . i also enjoy my freedom	cannot blame you there . i know the feeling every time i take a camping trip	i fuddle oodleses of weewee and opted it over everything . some see that weird
para-0220	hi , i love shrimp but cannot touch the shells and a handyman who fix cars .	hello i just became a father . it my first child i am so excited .	hi , i love shrimp but cannot touch the shells and a handyman who fix cars .	hello i just became a father . it my first child i am so excited .	congratulations ! the 1978 buick lesabre was a classic . you hunt ? i do .	i use to . i went to school overseas for year .	wow ! overseas ? i am a property manager . your going to be a good father . you sing ?	i do not sign but i love collecting model cars	that is great ! i hunt quail with my ex , doug . you need an apartment ?	no apartment . i have a do named ginger she is a golden retriever	oh okay . you have shellfish allergies ? i do .	no allergies . my favourite flick is titanic , i caught it ten multiplications .
para-0221	hi there how are you doing tonight ?	pretty good . just studying , you ?	hi there how are you doing tonight ?	pretty good . just studying , you ?	i am just babysitting here following football . Tho require to be bet frisbee
para-0222	hello , how are you tonight ? i just got off work .	cool , doing well . where do you work ?	hello , how are you tonight ? i just got off work .	cool , doing well . where do you work ?	i am a maternity nurse , it is awesome . you ?	just sitting here watching lord of the rings for the 5th time this month	i have never seen it , nor read the books .	what shift do you work in maternity ? could be some great fantasy come out that department !	i work swing shifts . it is a great job .	books better than movies but a superb job here . how long are your shifts ?	i work 12 hour shifts . it is hard , but rewarding .	anything crazy happen there today ? baby ork or anything ?	i do not know , i was off today .	just got off work a day ago ? or are we in a time loop ?	i work weird shifts , and have only had four days off in a month .	crazy ! nurses are like elves bringing in new life into the world to fight evil	i care to clothe the babies in superhero onesies .
para-0223	hello how are you ? do you have hobbies ?	great ! hello , i cook but i am not a chef . you have pets ?	hello how are you ? do you have hobbies ?	great ! hello , i cook but i am not a chef . you have pets ?	one dog but my new child takes up loads of my time .	awww . i am a screen write and read plays . you workout ?	more of a homebody . i make model cars when i have free time not much !	oh okay . i run and take long walks for exercises . are you dieting ?	i do love the movie titanic did you write that ? nope am not .	no but i wish i did . i own a dieting business that is why i asked . you sing ?	a little , in the shower . love that titanic song too .	get out ! me too ! goodwill and Kelly are my CATS . what s your fave railcar ?
para-0224	hi ! nice to chat with you . what kind of hobbies do you have ?	hi ! i like to collect teddy bears and volunteer for red cross . you ?	hi ! nice to chat with you . what kind of hobbies do you have ?	hi ! i like to collect teddy bears and volunteer for red cross . you ?	i like to call myself a bodybuilder , but its a body in progress ! ha !	that is nice . what do you do for a living ?	twist . kinsfolk occupation . my momma is really our repository ! any sibs ?
para-0225	hi there , how are you ?	i am well . how are you	hi there , how are you ?	i am well . how are you	i am good . what do you like to do for fun ?	i sing in a popular band here in town . you ?	i work for a technology company .	interesting . you must be smart	i have a degree in computer science .	well one of my three sisters does too and she is super smart	i care construction manakin starships in my detached metre .
para-0226	hello . i work as a batista . how about you ?	what is that ? like to shop i do which is why i am here lol	hello . i work as a batista . how about you ?	what is that ? like to shop i do which is why i am here lol	yes i do . i also love betting guitar . where is your folk from ?
para-0227	hello , how are you today ?	i am doing very well , trying to figure out which barbeque restaurant to have dinner .	hello , how are you today ?	i am doing very well , trying to figure out which barbeque restaurant to have dinner .	oh that sounds great ! i have some muffins baking in the oven as a treat for myself .	that sounds lovely . a lady i play racquetball with makes some great muffins .	big into racquetball ? i think the only exercise i get lately is walking my dog pedro .	i am . i am an admin assistant , and have to stay active all i can .	sounds cushy , i run around a lot since i am in the healthcare field .	it is nerve-wracking . i heed to 1950ses euphony to loose and persist tranquil .
para-0228	hi . just chilling to john denver after my work out . how about you ?	hi , just studying for my college exam . hows it going	hi . just chilling to john denver after my work out . how about you ?	hi , just studying for my college exam . hows it going	good . what are you taking in college ?	what kind of music do you like to listen to ?	john denver . how about you ?	i love playing sports so i am studying in the field of sports medicine .	interesting . work out each day myself . what sports do you like ?	what do you do on the weekends ?	spend time with my horses . you ?	what kind of horse do you have ? i hike .	a variety . my favorite is my arabian . i grew up on a ranch .	i am 22 how old are you ?	45 . but i do not look it . all the working out is working for me .	i grew up with morgans . i love horses .	beautiful cavalry . i garden and falsify with invigorated vegs . do you have hobbyhorses ?
para-0229	hey do you like classical music ? i love bach	bach is quite lovely . i enjoy listening to it with my friends here in the sea !	hey do you like classical music ? i love bach	bach is quite lovely . i enjoy listening to it with my friends here in the sea !	are you a mermaid ? i did not know they spoke english like me	why yes , we do speak english mostly . are there mermaids where you live ?	no , but i am trying to design a device to find them . i happen to be an engineer	i am just a student but i have heard some talk of engineers in our books	wow ! hey quick question do they have insects in the sea ?	we have alot of gross worms in the sea and pests that should be considered insects	i detest Insecta . if you had Bacon i would move submerged aright away
para-0230	hi , how is it going ?	very well , thank you . i am getting ready to make dinner . how are you ?	hi , how is it going ?	very well , thank you . i am getting ready to make dinner . how are you ?	pretty good , just finished up working for the day , looking forward to dinner	what do you do ? i work with horses on my parents ranch .	that sounds like a lot of work , carpentry is my craft . that and super dad of 3	i do not have any children , i am a newly wed .	my wife is awe-inspiring , facilitated me renounce wassailing 5 elds ago already
para-0231	hi , i am an rn and my dog is pedro .	hi i blog about rabbit rescues and compete as a body builder .	hi , i am an rn and my dog is pedro .	hi i blog about rabbit rescues and compete as a body builder .	you have any pets ? i can make , cook and eat muffins all day . you sing ?	no cooking i live with my little sister , also i do not sing but love tim mcgraw .	wow ! i stand five feet , single and sell stuff online .	that is awful i bribe many things online , mostly of my perfection theodore FDR .
para-0232	hello ! are you listening to music this morning ? i love country	no but i am eating eggplant parmigiana !	hello ! are you listening to music this morning ? i love country	no but i am eating eggplant parmigiana !	you like italian food ? i have to get iced tea anytime i go to a restaurant	i love it the best ! even my dog charlie loves it !	i had a dog named charlie when i was 10 . that was 10 years ago	cool do you have any brothers or sisters ? i have both .	yes they are younger and still live at home	do you live with your parents as well ?	no since i got my first job coding and designing websites i moved out	i am in the stocks myself .	interesting . can you listen to music at work ? like country ?	no i wish , got to keep my head clear for trades .	Ohio yes that realizes signified . i am beaming i can mind to state while i work
para-0233	hey there how are you now ?	great spending time with my dog charlie he is a hoot	hey there how are you now ?	great spending time with my dog charlie he is a hoot	got any kids ? i do 2 sons .	no kids just brothers and sisters	i am in school to learn how to do hair	groovy i am the pedigree grocery cautiously since becoming a broth broker
para-0234	how are you doing today ?	good and you ? i just got home from canada .	how are you doing today ?	good and you ? i just got home from canada .	what were you in canada for ?	my family lives there . i love the cheese soup .	i have never been . it is so far from oklahoma	i am in hawaii right now ! i am on the way to a massage appointment !	oh that must be really nice . it is beautiful there	gorgeous ! ! ! i love it here !	what do you do for work ?	i am an artist and i also do some coding such as web design .	that is impressive . i am a lawyer	what kind of lawyer ? what is your favorite kind of music ?	i work in litigation for criminal law suits . i love rock . what about you ?	i wish it all . i bonk land . i can care to whistle .
para-0235	hey there how are you today ?	i am doing good . so tell me where you are from ?	hey there how are you today ?	i am doing good . so tell me where you are from ?	i am from new york . i am in college soon .	i love new york . i stay in texas . what are your hobbies ?	my hobbies are fashion an clothes !	fashion is cool . i am an avid gamer playing second life .	awesome ! what is second life ? never heard of it	it is an online game where i portray a furry .	really ? cool , what kind of car do you drive ?	i do not drive since i work at home and online so much .	cool , i have a cute slug bug lol	lol i never heard of that . is it an actual bug ?	lol no , a volkswagen beetle .	lol Ohio approve . i never learned it shouted that before .
para-0236	hi there how are you	hello , i am great . just came back from running . how are you ?	hi there how are you	hello , i am great . just came back from running . how are you ?	i am good . just reading some of my fantasy books .	that sounds nice . i work at taco bell , are you employed ?	i am a tarot card reader . and medium .	sweet ! i throw down the cards in cleveland , where are you ?	chicago . not the best spot for readers .	i know what you mean . i get tired of the romantic questions .	same ! is there nothing else people want to ask about ? ? ! ! !	if there is , they are going to other readers .	true story . finally someone that understands it . haha .	lol . very well . same with all of the love spells .	yes ! does it ever end ? ! i love what i do though in any case .	how did you know you were a medium ?	i did not honestly . i realized the things i heard were spirits , and went with it	i have imaginativenesses , primarily in dreamings . it is strong at meters .
para-0237	hello . do you like animals ?	i love all cute things ! babies are on the top of my list now	hello . do you like animals ?	i love all cute things ! babies are on the top of my list now	i love babies too ! right now i have 2 dogs . no cats . i hate them .	right ? ! i have actually been knitting hats for babies in hospitals for last few years	that is so cool ! i am only in middle school but i could do that .	i am a few years older , whats your favorite music ? mine is country !	i like rock and pop . i want to be an actor after high school .	that would be awesome , i want to be a chef since i love cooking	i bonk consuming ! you can be my chef when i get robust and illustrious .
para-0238	hello , how are you tonight ?	great . how are you doing	hello , how are you tonight ?	great . how are you doing	doing good , just getting my girls down for the night .	how many do you have	three girls , do you have children ?	a boy and a girl . 12 and 9 . angelic monsters lol	one of each that is good . the girls can be a hand full .	who you telling . haha . my girl is a hundred times more stressful .	my mom was a teacher and i am not sure how she did it .	kudos to her . i am exhausted half way through the day .	yes , me to ! i was born later so she has lots of patients .	well good for her . do you like barbecue . i am a pro at it	i do like barbecue , it is one of my favorite .	how about scary movies ? those are my favorite	not a veridical devotee of scarey films , but jazz the season !
para-0239	hi there , i am studying to be a marine biologist at the university . student here .	what is your hobby ? mine is cooking .	hi there , i am studying to be a marine biologist at the university . student here .	what is your hobby ? mine is cooking .	i just analyse . i do not wassail or company . i am bookish and digest on my study .
para-0240	i have a question for you . . . do you believe in magic ? ?	hmm like harry potter magic or like card tricks	i have a question for you . . . do you believe in magic ? ?	hmm like harry potter magic or like card tricks	like mermaids . because i am one .	oh wow i did not think those were real . learn something new everyday	true ! what do you do for fun ?	i paint portraits , animals , and landscapes . what do you do for fun	the usual exploring with my friends sea creatures and swimming around .	that sounds like fun . where do you live ? i live in new york city	new york seems nice . i live underwater in the mediterranean sea	wow it must be beautiful there . what kind of friends do you have	Pisces mostly . i bonk expending metre with my fellowship and then flowing out with Friends .
para-0241	hi i work as a arctic explorer i used to be a geology teacher	hi i am retired i use to be a banker	hi i work as a arctic explorer i used to be a geology teacher	hi i am retired i use to be a banker	cool its fun to ice fish have you ever done that ?	no where i live it never gets cold enough for it	bummer for trusted i bonk to obtain mislaid gelid things
para-0242	hello , how are you ? i am so bored !	hi . you should try building models . it is what i do to pass time	hello , how are you ? i am so bored !	hi . you should try building models . it is what i do to pass time	my girls do not like models . what else do you do to pass time ?	i play video games . i like games like destiny . traveling space . fighting aliens	my ex husband used to play video games . he left me with my three girls .	i am sorry . my mother raised me too . she was a doctor . put me thru school .	thanks . your mom sounds great ! mine was a teacher and my dad was a firefighter .	my mother showed me how to build model spaceships . it is what got me interested in computers	wow , you seem really into technology and computers . i am not good with computers .	i got to shoal for a figurer skill level . i dig into my oeuvre by myself .
para-0243	hey there how are you ?	pretty great ! i am just eating a steak and potatoes	hey there how are you ?	pretty great ! i am just eating a steak and potatoes	i love superheros especially the dark movie kind .	they are really good . what is your favorite ?	really ? i enjoy me a good hard drink , scotch is my choice .	yummy . i drank a ton last week when i was at my friends wedding	whoa , i hope you were not sloppy drunk lol	just a little bit but i am sure he will forgive me haha	oh man lol , i like to write do you ?	i am more of a graphic design artist actually . what do you write ?	i like to write small short stories .	that is great . you should write one about my favorite band rush	give me info an i will examine it . i just do not sell with frankfurters nope nope
para-0244	hey there w are you ?	pretty good . my three daughters and i just saw heart in concert .	hey there w are you ?	pretty good . my three daughters and i just saw heart in concert .	i despise cats , so devilish .	that is funny . mine just caught a mole today , it was yucky .	i can not stand my dad ugh	Ohio , my , you seem ilk you are suffering a sorry daytime . involve a clinch ?
para-0245	hello ! i am so happy it is finally fall !	i am too , it really is my favorite season !	hello ! i am so happy it is finally fall !	i am too , it really is my favorite season !	mine too ! the weather is so perfect for ultimate frisbee .	it is also the best season for fashions , my future goals include being a designer !	my future goal is to find a girlfriend for timothy , my turtle .	aww so sweet-smelling ! i have put kinships on clasp , but someday i see tikes in my animation .
para-0246	hi . i hale from wisconsin . where are you from ?	i am from upstate newyork how is wisconsin ?	hi . i hale from wisconsin . where are you from ?	i am from upstate newyork how is wisconsin ?	cold and snowy , at least in a few months . i love it .	i like the snow what is your favorite snow activity that you like to do ?	skiing . that and curling with my two brothers .	i never judged skiing peradventure one daylight . how one-time are your cronies ?
para-0247	hello how are you doing ?	swimmingly . how are you ?	hello how are you doing ?	swimmingly . how are you ?	great thanks . i like to go hunting for polar bears	polar bears ? are those like , mythical creatures who cannot swim and live above ?	haha i hunt them to eat	oh no ! do you hunt mer people also ? ?	a few years ago i was a geology teacher hence i am fascinated by ice .	geology ? is that rocks or something ? i hide behind those sometimes .	my ex boyfriend taught me how to ice fish . you hide behind rocks ? that is nice	oh no . please tell me where he fishes so i can stay away ! !	do not be afraid . polar bears is good for eating	my babe let gotten in a sportfishing mesh once !
para-0248	hi how are you today	not bad just got done playing second life	hi how are you today	not bad just got done playing second life	very good do you have any cats ?	yes , i a also a furry	that is no good i am allergic	oh , i understand . i have some allergies too	do you wake up early ?	not really , i stay up late online	did you go to public school ?	not anymore because i am 28	oh i was homeschooled it was odd	i wager , in TX there are a Lot of abode educated people
para-0249	hello . hold on , my dogs are begging for attention . how are you ?	hello , well , and you ? i love dogs ! cats i am allergic to .	hello . hold on , my dogs are begging for attention . how are you ?	howdy , well , and you ? i fuck heels ! CTS i am supersensitive to .
para-0250	hey , are you a student , i traveled a lot , i even studied abroad	no , i work full time at a nursing home . i am a nurses aide .	hey , are you a student , i traveled a lot , i even studied abroad	no , i work full time at a nursing home . i am a nurses aide .	nice , i just got a advertising job myself . do you like your job ?	gracious . yes i do . wishing for citizenry is the delight of my life-time .
para-0251	hi there , just got home from my job at mcdonalds and ready to chat .	i just got home from the synagogue . do you go to church ?	hi there , just got home from my job at mcdonalds and ready to chat .	i just got home from the synagogue . do you go to church ?	no church for me . i plan to job search for something better , any suggestions ?	you might like working in a paper comapny like they do on the office .	i would care college but no money , no helper from my parents , i was undesirable .
para-0252	hello , how are you this evening ?	i am a doing great getting ready to enjoy reading a mystery .	hello , how are you this evening ?	i am a doing great getting ready to enjoy reading a mystery .	you like the arts , huh ? i am a musician . i focus on bluegrass .	bluegrass wow , that is pretty cool . what instrument ?	i sing , but for my profession i am a skater .	i drive trucks across the u . s . for a living .	ah , fun ! i used to work at hollister . that was back in high school , though .	cool , i love traveling although it can be lonely sometimes	sad to discover that . i am consuming decently now . gratefully there are no crisp !
para-0253	hey how s it going ? i love exercising	good . i love to party when i am not on the road performing gigs .	hey how s it going ? i love exercising	good . i love to party when i am not on the road performing gigs .	do you have some sisters ? i wish i had siblings	yes , i grew up with 3 sisters of my own . you are the only child .	yeah , but i have my pets to keep me company	how was your childhood ? i traveled with my dad in his semi .	it was okay , both my parents were fitness nuts	are you in schooltime ? i never let the probability to terminate gamy shoal .
para-0254	i am just sitting here making a dress . how are you ?	i am fine , just left the hospital	i am just sitting here making a dress . how are you ?	i am fine , just left the hospital	is everything okay with your health ?	oh yes . . . i work there as a nurse	my mom was a nurse in the army	cool . . . what do you do for a living	i betray wear that i make . i also cope a programme for environmental care
para-0255	hello . how are you today ? just running dogs here .	i am good , are they your dogs ?	hello . how are you today ? just running dogs here .	i am good , are they your dogs ?	no . i have an obeisance schooltime . haha . made to bear francium the novel household .
para-0256	hello ! what do you do for a living ?	i am in school studying law	hello ! what do you do for a living ?	i am in school studying law	really ? so am i ! i want to be a lawyer .	i am the only child of lawyer parents . hopefully i will be successful .	where do you be while in shoal ? i inhabit with my girl and heel , goop .
para-0257	hey how are you today	i am good . just finished eating some pizza .	hey how are you today	i am good . just finished eating some pizza .	i want to eat a pizza now .	come to my moms restaurant ! she makes great pizza .	i cant i work . i am a managerial consultant	oh . i work in my moms restaurant .	that is cool . what kind of music do you like	i listen to about anything , you ?	my fav band is metallica	oh . what do you like to do for fun ?	i like to play in the snow	Ohio ! i do not wish cold-blooded . i wish scanning .
para-0258	hi , i sell shoes online , a meat eater and love the rush band . and you ?	my favorite music is rap , tupac is my favorite	hullo , i betray shoes online , a essence feeder and bonk the haste ring . and you ?
para-0259	hello , i am someone who currently works in sales .	what do you sell ? i would like to be an actor	hello , i am someone who currently works in sales .	what do you sell ? i would like to be an actor	i just work with sales , but my real love is graphic design .	that is neat , what do you design	last week , i designed certain decorations for my friends wedding	that sounds neat ! do you have a favorite band	yea , my favorite band is rush . what is yours ?	pink floyd ! they rock . i am only 14 years old	that is cool . when i was 14 , i would eat everything . i still do .	ha ha . do you have any dogs ?	no , no dogs . do you have any ?	yes i have a ton , i know them . i can not brook qats though !
para-0260	hi . do you have a favorite music group ? mine is heart .	sorry ! i am sort of shy .	hi . do you have a favorite music group ? mine is heart .	sorry ! i am sort of shy .	that is okay . heart really helped me through my divorce .	oh . i am sorry ! i had not heard of heart .	well , they remind me of my dad . he was a firefighter .	ah . i do not really listen music . i prefer to build models of spaceships .	that is so cool ! i could never do that . my mom read me stories about them .	my mom was a doctor and really encouraged my love of science .	my mom was a teacher .	Ohio that is awe-inspiring . my favored instructor promoted me to follow estimator skill .
para-0261	whats up ? hows it going	pretty good , just finished a long shift in labor and delivery . where do you work ?	whats up ? hows it going	pretty good , just finished a long shift in labor and delivery . where do you work ?	so i am in school to be a hairdresser ?	that sounds nice ! do you have any children ?	no but i have fish which i consider to be my kids .	that is nice ! i have a dog , only child i want to have haha	do you have any hobbies	i go to the gym often . how about you ?	the healthiest that i get is eating granola	i have tried granola is beneficial with Milk . but the only matter i wassail is water
para-0262	hi , my name is mindi . i am a tae kwan do champion	wow impressive ! are you single ? looking for my next wife	hi , my name is mindi . i am a tae kwan do champion	wow impressive ! are you single ? looking for my next wife	if you want to wait 12 years . . . look me up then . i just turned 12	oh dear , that is not good . well how are you today	i am reckoning frontward to the funfair falling to township so i can twit the rollercoaster
para-0263	good morning . hows your day going ?	slow . school today , my lst year thank god .	good morning . hows your day going ?	slow . school today , my lst year thank god .	high school or college ? i am eating sardines , my life is so exciting .	high school . i am going to med school after i finish . auburn u	that sounds nice , did not finish myself , spend my days with my dogs and cleaning theaters .	well i am only 17 , would rather do something with fashion though	why not do that instead ? why med school ?	cause my pops wants it . one of those things .	well it is a good career , better than my jaunt into competitive frisbee .	lol ! try racing a beetle , that was something dad said no to right away	yeah i can imagine . those are dangerous . just waite till your on your own .	i do not want that day to come . i want to hold onto my youth !	i do not blame you , i would rather go back to being a kid myself .	oh i miss the days of crayons being my hardest decision already	yea await as long as you can for the grownup plot .
para-0264	hi ! i am headed to work at the hospital this morning . you ?	just relaxing . i work retail , so not as exciting as the hospital .	hi ! i am headed to work at the hospital this morning . you ?	just relaxing . i work retail , so not as exciting as the hospital .	i have been a nurse at this hospital for 35 years so not too exciting	i bet you have some crazy stories though .	the worst was when i treated a lady dressed like a cat . cats repulse me	i am not a cat lover either . i would rather deal with dogs .	my pappa has 5 weenies and i do not bask him so cads inconvenience me too
para-0265	hello . how are you doing this evening ?	i am doing well thanks i am an attorney and working on cases	hello . how are you doing this evening ?	i am doing well thanks i am an attorney and working on cases	that is cool ! my job is in labor and delivery .	what a fun job . i live in ok and am a native american	nice . do you have kids ? i do not want any . i enjoy being single and alone .	i have 3 dis do you go to church i do no	no . i am too busy at the gym . i go several days each week .	i go climbing but am scared of heights	that is weird . what is your favorite drink ? water is the only thing i will drink .	i like ice tea . do you like sports ?	i do like sports . my favorite is football .	i care college the effectivest what is your best-loved nutrient ?
para-0266	hi there how are you today ?	i am good , and how are you ?	hi there how are you today ?	i am good , and how are you ?	i am good just relaxing i am currently in south korea serving	i thank you for serving !	thank you where are you from i am from puerto rico	i am just packing to move to nyc !	wow that is awesome where from	i am originally from california though !	o ok well i hope you like it . i could never move there	how come ? i am moving to nyc for modeling !	i tend to be violent person with large crowds	also , i enjoy karaoke , but i am not very good at it !	i like it too with a few shots in me	i do not like crowes either . i like to stay to myself	yeah most citizenry my eld need to be at streaks and what not
para-0267	hello how are you doing	hello i am doing okay how are you	hello how are you doing	hello i am doing okay how are you	very good thank you tell me about you ?	i just turned 20 and am stationed in south korea .	what do you guys get to do in your spare time . i play frisbee	i target practice but the others read books and write home . i cant write home	what is that . no one to write too or another reason ?	i am from puerto rico so its hard for me to get letters to them	i see , well that can suck good thing you have internet right	yeah it is a great thing . what do you do for a living	i am unemployed justly now seeming for workplace in clientele merchandising .
para-0268	hi there , i am jordan and a vet	hi jordan . that is my brothers name . he just got married	hi there , i am jordan and a vet	hi jordan . that is my brothers name . he just got married	that is nice where are you from	i was born in arizona so that is what i named my cat . you ?	i am from california but i moved to florida a year ago	do you like it ?	yeah everything but the snakes	i like to play the game snakes and ladders but nothing else about snakes is good	i like snakes , i have one just not venomous ones	i read a biography once about a snake charmer . interesting	well what do you do for fun	i play monopoly or risk or any board game really	i play video games a lot	i never really got into them but i like reading too . do you read ?	yes ! i enjoy play ledgers and repulsion ones
para-0269	hey i am brianna hows it going	hi i am fine let us get to know each other some .	hey i am brianna hows it going	hi i am fine let us get to know each other some .	okay well i work in healthcare what about you	brianna is a beautiful name i work as a nurses aid with older people .	thank you , i know that is not a easy job to deal with	no it is not i also am employed in some fast food joints .	you do it all lol	i like to keep busy i love animals and sometimes i do not they bite .	me to i have a chihuahua mix named pedro	i bet he is so cute i live in apartment building that has low rent .	that is the worst part lol he is gets away with a lot of stuff because he is cute	my quat is spoilt he pricks me a fortune he has two colouration .
para-0270	hi there . how are you	i am good . just got back from a run .	hi there . how are you	i am good . just got back from a run .	fathoms fun . i just stopped my favored show one Tree hill
para-0271	hi i am a bit shy but it is nice to meet you	i met alot of shy people when i studied abroad it is ok	hi i am a bit shy but it is nice to meet you	i met alot of shy people when i studied abroad it is ok	where did you study ? my mother studied abroad for her degree	i analysed in Norge , but i paid it up to tail my dreaming of creating example cars
para-0272	hello there ! tell me about yourself ?	i for sure read an speak english	hello there ! tell me about yourself ?	i for sure read an speak english	that is helpful . i do as well and just graduated college .	i love pork , especially bacon .	bacon is good . i do not eat much meat though . do you have pets ?	really did not know lol , like bugs ? they are nasty .	microbes are fine but i favour Arizona , my qat .
para-0273	hello there new friend how are you this fine evening	i am doing great . just taking a break from working on my car .	hello there new friend how are you this fine evening	i am doing great . just taking a break from working on my car .	i just got done working with my horses , it is what i love doing .	that is great . i like to hunt in my spare time .	what kind of music do you like ?	i am not a great medicine lover . i opt the muteness . you ?
para-0274	hi how are you ? what do you do for work ?	i do not work . i am a full time student trying to get a degree in education	hi how are you ? what do you do for work ?	i do not work . i am a full time student trying to get a degree in education	that is awesome . i have a nursing degree and work in a pediatric hospital	what do you do for fun ? i live to hike and play rugby	i love finding flowers in my favorite color which is purple .	i actually was just running through a field of orchids whilst listening to lil weeze	as a heartfelt Catholic i bang running through Fieldses that the Godhead has produced .
para-0275	hey i am jordan and i am a veterinarian . how are you doing today ?	i am joe and a pro skater	hey i am jordan and i am a veterinarian . how are you doing today ?	i am joe and a pro skater	oh nice . where are you from ? i am from cali but i am now in florida	i live in fl also . i used to work for hollister back in school	do you enjoy listening and playing music ? i am a musician , only on weekends	i love music and especially bluegrass which i can play good	i am pretty good with the guitar . and when i am not so busy i read drama books	i had a tail when i was born but had it cut off	what kind of tail did you get removed ?	i had super long hair . do you like sports ?	yeah , i like olympics if they count	that does i love the olympics especially the summer ones	oh yes . i like the track and gymnastics .	cool do you like to watch movies ?	yea , who does not learn flicks ? i late witnessed it . it was good
para-0276	hi there ! how are you today ?	i am very good thank you , tell me about yourself ?	hi there ! how are you today ?	i am very good thank you , tell me about yourself ?	i just completed my rn . what do you do ?	thank coolheaded , i am parkland commando i boost in nature for my job
para-0277	hello , i love fashion and hope to be a doctor one day . you ?	hello , i am an accountant from ohio . i have two boys and i am single .	hello , i love fashion and hope to be a doctor one day . you ?	hello , i am an accountant from ohio . i have two boys and i am single .	student , male , divorced , ex named doug . i own a beetle .	oh a beetle how cool . i have a boring honda civic . what are your hobbies ?	wow ! i make book covers in my free time . i am published also .	how amazing ! i love to go hiking . what books have you written ?	backer investor and if i can aid someone are my late Bibles . tramp huh ?
para-0278	hello i am a real estate agent in canada where are you ?	hi there i teach biology college	hello i am a real estate agent in canada where are you ?	hi there i teach biology college	i work part time and care for my two children in kindergarten	that i am sure keeps you busy . do you get to travel ?	i only travel for environmentalist events	i see that is a noble cause i love traveling	i wish i had more time for travel but work has kept me busy last 12 years	i know how that is i like walking you	since i turned 34 , i prefer to walk	lol i do a lot of gardening love fresh fruits and veggies	my 2 kinds are really into growing things	that is awesome . hard work but rewarding	planting trees is rewarding for me	aw yes another good one to grow	i would favour to be a Tree planter than veridical demesne agent
para-0279	i grew up with lots of family members in the military .	that is cool so did my husband . . i am a hippy and make my clothes	i matured up with oodleses of kinsfolk members in the military .
para-0280	hi how are you ? i feel woozy . someone must have spiked my iced tea	sorry to hear that . i feel great just finished working out .	hi how are you ? i feel woozy . someone must have spiked my iced tea	sorry to hear that . i feel great just finished working out .	i would rather do computer coding than work out . maybe i should change	i exercise daily and ride my horses . do you ride ?	no . i care commonwealth medicine fetes , and thrumming state birdsongs on my guitar
para-0281	hey how are you today	hi ! i am doing well how are you ?	hey how are you today	hi ! i am doing well how are you ?	i am doing great ! just brought my newborn son home .	congratulations ! have you had to take time off work ?	yeah he is our first child so i took off to help adjust with him and our puppy	that is great that you have a job that you can do that !	yeah i really love my boss . what is your favorite movie ?	i bonk civic warfare flicks . my pursuit is amassing polite warfare old-timers .
para-0282	hi i am 14 years old how old are you	i am a 40 year old man .	hi i am 14 years old how old are you	i am a 40 year old man .	i can not wait to see your age i am still a young man in middle school	you should enjoy being young . what do you want to do when you finish school ?	i want to be an big time movie actor what career are you in	i do maintenance and repair on homes . do you plan on attending college ?	yes i want to attend a broadway school pink floyd encouraged that	that is a great option to further your acting career . what do you enjoy doing for fun ?	i like to also play the piano what interest you	i enjoy finding old cars and making them new again . what is your favorite food ?	that is hard work i bet . i like japanese and you	i like to eat animals that i have killed myself . deer mostly , sometimes duck .	i will return on the cunning petty deer but duck i can take
para-0283	i think i pulled a muscle on a hike . ever done that ?	yes , i have . on a hike for my homeschool biology class , to a waterfall .	i think i pulled a muscle on a hike . ever done that ?	yes , i have . on a hike for my homeschool biology class , to a waterfall .	that sounds amazing , do you hike a lot ?	when i can , i live in northern cali .	no way , i follow some rappers in cali ! do you like rap ?	i do , tupac is my favorite artist . i am building a robot that looks like him .	a robot ? are you an engineer ?	no , lol . only a stripling miss with blueish fuzz who knows cosplay .
para-0284	hi ! do you enjoy walking ? i am going out for a walk in my garden	i do enjoy walking ! i love to put my headphones on and walk around .	howdy ! do you savour walking ? i am becoming out for a walkway in my garden
para-0285	hi , i live in wine country , wrote a book at home , 17 with blue hair . you ?	i am a divorced mom with two kids and my job is an accountant .	hello , i am in vino area , penned a ledger at domicile , xvii with spicy pilus . you ?
para-0286	hello how are you ? do you have hobbies ?	great ! hello , i cook but i am not a chef . you have pets ?	hello how are you ? do you have hobbies ?	great ! hello , i cook but i am not a chef . you have pets ?	one dog but my new child takes up loads of my time .	awww . i am a screen write and read plays . you workout ?	more of a homebody . i make model cars when i have free time not much !	Ohio fine . i move and take foresightful walkings for practices . are you dieting ?
para-0287	hi there how are you today ?	i am super swell , got home from a good day at work	hi there how are you today ?	i am exceedingly peachy , let home from a just Day at work
para-0288	hello ! are you listening to music this morning ? i love country	no but i am eating eggplant parmigiana !	hello ! are you listening to music this morning ? i love country	no but i am eating eggplant parmigiana !	you like italian food ? i have to get iced tea anytime i go to a restaurant	i bed it the effectivest ! even my hotdog charlie humps it !
para-0289	hi ! i am watching morning news with my beloved husband . you ?	i am getting ready for work . i am a nurse .	hi ! i am watching morning news with my beloved husband . you ?	i am getting ready for work . i am a nurse .	what a great profession . you would probably tell me to work out more !	ha ha . i try not to preach . do you collect anything ? i collect bears .	i collect my favorite movies . bears are cute !	yes . i go to the zoo all the time to watch the bears .	sounds fun but i prefer to stay at home and watch tv with the hubby	it is nice to have someone to share activities with .	my husband is such a sweetheart . everyone loves him , especially me	how sweet . have you ever seen a green bear ?	no i have not . have you ?	no . it is my favorite color so i am on the hunt for one !	haha beneficial hazard ! mayhap i can obtain a flick about a unripe bear
para-0290	hello , how are you today	hi . i am so tired from work . how are you ?	hello , how are you today	hi . i am so tired from work . how are you ?	tired as well , kids get me busy in my kindergarten class	are you a teacher ? my youngest is in kindergarten .	yes i am a teacher , i just started 2 years ago after finishing college	that is nice . i would go back to school but my husband works nights .	i can scarcely give banknotes on instructor remuneration .
para-0291	good morning . hows your day going ?	slow . school today , my lst year thank god .	good morning . hows your day going ?	slow . school today , my lst year thank god .	high school or college ? i am eating sardines , my life is so exciting .	high school . i am going to med school after i finish . auburn u	that sounds nice , did not finish myself , spend my days with my dogs and cleaning theaters .	well i am only 17 , would rather do something with fashion though	why not do that instead ? why med school ?	cause my pops wants it . one of those things .	well it is a good career , better than my jaunt into competitive frisbee .	lol ! test hieing a mallet , that was something pappa articulated no to aright away
para-0292	hi ! i just got back from a run . what are you doing ?	hello , i am just playing some online poker .	hi ! i just got back from a run . what are you doing ?	hello , i am just playing some online poker .	i can not open to hazard . i operate at a quick nutrient eatery .
para-0293	after the wedding , i graduated from college . amazing experience .	which one was amazing ? i just graduated too .	after the wedding , i graduated from college . amazing experience .	which one was amazing ? i just graduated too .	i have a CAT nominated AZ , who is alike the wife of my chum .
para-0294	hi , how are you , how is doing	how are you doing i am fine thank you .	hi , how are you , how is doing	how are you doing i am fine thank you .	i am ok , what your hobbies	i love doing make up hair and i am a great cook .	you like sing , i like sing very much	i used to be employed in a nursing unit . yes singing i sing great .	i am a model from new york	i wished i could model i like to go bike riding .	fine thanks nice talking to you	you to a model is a great job i like to take care of folks .	are you married i am a single	i am not married yet i have a daughter and three grands .	what is your daughter doing	my daughter lives with her boyfriend . i have animals a dog and cat .	nice , i like also animals	yes they are very just boosters and well for low .
para-0295	hello . what do you love to do ?	i love to hunt an i have 3 guns , you ?	hello . what do you love to do ?	i love to hunt an i have 3 guns , you ?	yeah i am in the army .	cool , do you drive any big trucks ? i have a ford pick up	yes . the Army trucks are bragging here in Dixie Korea .
para-0296	i have the world record for the most tattoos	that is awesome ! i am retiring in five years .	i have the world record for the most tattoos	that is awesome ! i am retiring in five years .	you should get a tattoo to celebrate ! !	i have them , my favorite is of a barbecue pit .	oh i like that . my favorite is the one in my right nostril .	i play racquetball , maybe i should get one of that .	that would look awesome on your shoulder ! my roommate in chicago has one there .	i have an oldies jukebox on my back !	i fiddle my tattoo guitar on my stomach . wholly thumps the aura guitar .
para-0297	hello , how is your day going ?	my day is going fine , and yours ?	hello , how is your day going ?	my day is going fine , and yours ?	its been okay although a little sore from working out	i am tired , as well . i had a long day in court	wow , what type of law do you practice ?	i am a prosecutor . had a big animal neglect case today . i hate to see animals mistreated	i love animals . i managed a blog on rabbit rescues once	nice . it is the belief of my people that animals are sacred	i compete in bodybuilding in my spare time .	sounds like a lot of physical work . i spend time with my 2 dogs for fun	yes it is i moved in with my little sister because she lives near my preferred gym .	very convenient . i live on a reservation in oklahoma	fine , by booking you think Indian correct ? if so , our kinfolks distinguished by folks ?
para-0298	hi ! do you enjoy walking ? i am going out for a walk in my garden	i do enjoy walking ! i love to put my headphones on and walk around .	hullo ! do you savour walking ? i am becoming out for a walking in my garden
para-0299	hello , do you want to go for a walk with me and my fur babies	hi , what are fur babies ?	hello , do you want to go for a walk with me and my fur babies	hi , what are fur babies ?	they are just pets . my cats and dogs .	that is cool . i wish i could but my family takes up most of my time .	oh . i have a lot of grandbabies	i am married with kids , you ?	just my grandbabies . i wish i had a husband i could care for .	yea , i am prosperous to have a groovy hubby , he has his own patronage .
para-0300	hello and how are you ?	i am good , how are you ?	hello and how are you ?	i am good , how are you ?	tired from too many parties .	i used to party a lot but i have been sober for 5 years .	oh , we had a graduation party from college for me .	congratulations ! what is your degree in ?	math . also had a wedding reception for my brother .	that is great . do you come from a big family ?	no , just two of us . i read a lot to keep busy , you ?	i enjoy poker , but my three kids keep me pretty busy .	salamander , you can habituate maths there . matter posters ?
para-0301	hi , tracy here . divorce , two kids , ex named doug .	hi , its good you are part of your kids lives i did not know my mother .	hi , tracy here . divorce , two kids , ex named doug .	howdy , its commodity you are part of your tikes endures i did not acknowledge my mother .
para-0302	hey there how are you today ?	i am good . you ? what do you do for a living ?	hey there how are you today ?	i am good . you ? what do you do for a living ?	i am in the stock market industry	i used to by a geology teacher . now , i go arctic exploring . ice is interesting .	how about yourself ? i miss my old folks .	i am in hunting for befuddled adventurers . i desire to facilitate them to go home .
para-0303	hello . how are you doing ?	i was good until i just cut my finger wide open and had to stop the bleeding	hello . how are you doing ?	i was good until i just cut my finger wide open and had to stop the bleeding	i am sorry ! i saw lots of blood in the army . i went in after high school .	i am glad my mom is a medical doctor . i can just ask her what to do .	that is a great asset . my mom has never been in my life .	i had a alternative , go in the Army or get a reckoner skill point .
para-0304	hi , i was a geology teacher awhile ago , please tell me something interesting about you	hey there what you up too	hi , i was a geology teacher awhile ago , please tell me something interesting about you	hey there what you up too	nothing much , i just got done finishing arctic exploring , ice fishing and stuff	cool , my mom had a hard job as a army nurse	is she still working there ?	no thank god , i kind of got a cat it was a stray	is that your passions cat ? i like to find long lost arctic explorers	no it is not mine is clothes an singing folk music	well whatever keeps your psyche alive , i was a geology instructor and it was boring
para-0305	how are you this evening ?	yo ! i am great . eating sushi . what are you up to ?	how are you this evening ?	yo ! i am great . eating sushi . what are you up to ?	oh , sore . i had surgery last week . i have 2 dogs that are big wanting attention .	what was the surgery ? i would be bummed since i run every day .	my knee . yes , i play frisbee and it sucks .	how long are you off the knee ? i like working out , so i hope soon .	well , off the knee for 3 more weeks at least .	well , not too long . you can listen to rap and work the arms .	yes . that any my sardine breakfast i have every day .	no sardines for me . i eat vegan . but salad works .	i like salads as well .	and beans . but my favorite is sushi . vegan sushi .	i threw out of high-pitched shoal but i recognised enuf to corrode my beans !
para-0306	hi how are you today	hi . i am good . i am from new york city . where do you live ?	hi how are you today	hi . i am good . i am from new york city . where do you live ?	i live with my parents . do you work ?	yeah . modeling . keeps me single . i travel too much . how about you ?	i am a nurse which also keeps me single too	that is an important job . stressful though . what do you do in your spare time ?	i ride my bike around mostly	healthy hobby . i practice acting , hoping to some day get my big break .	sounds like fun do you have siblings ?	no , i am a bit of a loaner . do you have siblings ?	i do not but i have 3 adult kids	its great to have family . i want to find love , but no kids for me .	i do enjoy caring for people	yeah . i sing for people sometimes .	very nice that sounds angelic	i trust so . arising up i ascertained oodleses of shirley tabernacle films .
para-0307	hey , nice to meet you . what are you hobbies ?	hello , how are you today ? i fight for environmental rights .	hey , nice to meet you . what are you hobbies ?	hello , how are you today ? i fight for environmental rights .	oh cool . i am well . i grew up on a horse ranch . still there .	that sounds neat . i actually work selling homes . so you ranch ?	yes . i love taking care of my horses .	my kids would love to see your horses .	well you are welcome to visit .	thank you . are you considering college ?	oh i already went . this place makes me exercise every day .	i bet it does ! working in real estate is not much exercise .	arming is handful but i do get to prepare with material from my backyard .
para-0308	he ; ; o . how are you this day	dogs really scares me , i live in an apartment that i rent	he ; ; o . how are you this day	dogs really scares me , i live in an apartment that i rent	they mess with my allergies . plus i have a military disability .	i am doing good and you ? i am a woman at age 32	i am a motherless lonesome fella . i am 46	sorry to heard that , i am single just to let you know	straight out of school to regular army i have been a bar hopper .	you kinda old , do you like to read books ? i read romance novels	i am kind of blind late so no	you still care the Army ? i bonk watching pictures and you ?
para-0309	hey there . how is it going ?	not bad . currently writing my third novel . all about romance .	hey there . how is it going ?	not bad . currently writing my third novel . all about romance .	how long have you been writing for ?	over 20 years . living far away on an island helps me gather thoughts .	i did not graduate from high school , so writing novels seems like a great achievement !	well , i keep to myself alot . not very social . wish i was more outgoing .	my two dogs are my best friends . do you have any pets ?	one click and two CATS . groovy familiars . any tykes ?
para-0310	hi there how are you ?	i am good . how are you doing ?	hi there how are you ?	i am good . how are you doing ?	been pretty busy planning my move to new york next year	vocalises sentence consuming . i just made home from employment at the foodstuff store
para-0311	hello , how are you this evening ?	i m good i m playing for my next travel and adventure	hello , how are you this evening ?	i m good i m playing for my next travel and adventure	that sounds fun . i enjoy playing board games and reading biographies .	arctic and i m going to use that for my lessons in school as a teacher	i just finished school . i graduated from college .	so i switched to being interested in iceland geology teacher	oh , cool . do you have any pets ? my cat is named arizona .	nope but i do like polar beers i hunt them as food	that is awful ! i realized a photograph of one at the nuptials of my Brother lately .
para-0312	hi there . how are you ?	i am great . what are you doing up so late ?	hi there . how are you ?	i am great . what are you doing up so late ?	i don not know . i should be asleep . i am more of an early bird . you ?	i am definitely a night owl . you know chatting will nott help you sleep .	i know i have been working on s quilt and i do not wanna put it down	i know how that is . i love to craft but being colorblind makes it hard	oh really that sucks . what do you usually like to do then ?	i love to sing . sometimes i go sing karaoke .	oh fun . i have not done karaoke in a long time lol	you should , it is great fun !	i do not have much meter . i homeschool my Logos so all my vim leads into that .
para-0313	hello . how are you today ?	i am good . how about yourself ?	hello . how are you today ?	i am good . how about yourself ?	slow . reading a book at the moment , romance of the paranormal persuasion	sounds interesting . i like reading but do not do it enough .	i work at my mas restaurant part of the time , i have too much time .	there is never enough meter ! i am ascertaining television and watching up on one-time shows .
para-0314	hello ! can you believe that i am going to college next year ?	that is awesome ! where are you planning to go ?	hello ! can you believe that i am going to college next year ?	that is awesome ! where are you planning to go ?	auburn . i thought i would study fashion but i think will become a doctor .	fun stuff . . . i went to school to be a vet but i clean kennels now	sounds like you love animals ! i hope my volkswagen beetle does not break down .	that would suck ! whats your favorite car music ? mine is simple plan	i never heard of them . i am pretty young , 17 , but i love classical music .	interesting , i have been trying to date my boss niece who is the same age	is she in gamy schooltime ? i am a elder at pine timberland .
para-0315	hello , do you like tupac ?	i love tupac . he is great to listen to while weightlifting .	hello , do you like tupac ?	i love tupac . he is great to listen to while weightlifting .	i listen to him while playing tennis and running .	that sounds bold . you remind me of theodore roosevelt . who do you look up to ?	indiana jones . i want to be just like him .	i used to act out his movies at home with my sister .	my friends and i do that as well . it is so fun .	we should get together and act . we could pretend to rescue rabbits for my blog .	i have a blog as well , a photography one .	maybe i have seen it . my sister helps me distinguish red from green .	oh , you are color blind . my cousin is as well .	oh , coincidence ! it is weird looking at a picture of tim mcgraw differently than others .	who is tim mcgraw ? is he a writer ?	he is a commonwealth Singer , but i reckon he would save a groovy blog .
para-0316	hi , what do you do ?	i just graduated . working at a fast food joint now .	hi , what do you do ?	i just graduated . working at a fast food joint now .	nice , do you like music ? whenever i am not working i listen to music	what kind of music ? i just work to help my aunt and uncle out .	mostly rap , i like a lot of art	do you draw ? where do you live ?	i live in rochester boston , where mark walk berg is from	do you work anywhere ? i am thinking about going to college soon .	go to college , they loved me there since i was only 5 feet tall	cool . my parents kicked me out because i would not cut my hair and shave .	howler that is not just . i screw paring but i detest assuming sandals
para-0317	hello , how are you tonight ?	i am a thing in fashion and acting . but not sure how i will like ny .	hello , how are you tonight ?	i am a thing in fashion and acting . but not sure how i will like ny .	it is interesting at best . i love to sing , do you ?	moving there next year . love to sing . surf and skate too . you ?	i surf and do not see colors correctly , so that is a challenge .	i spent most my life in california sharks are grey . what parts do you sing ?	anything by lady gaga and madonna .	neat . so do you perform or work in the industry ?	i am retired army , and do not know what to do with myself .	if you can sing , go get on the voice ! or take up surfing .	i do surf , and i am not interested in become a pro singer .	is there surfing around new york ?	i do not know , i do not live there .	do not know why i thought that . where do you surf ?	in FL , Mexico and Cali . i wish to jaunt .
para-0318	janice here . what are you up to tonight ?	they call me big shirley . i love scary movies . you ?	janice here . what are you up to tonight ?	they call me big shirley . i love scary movies . you ?	well , i am more into sports than i am horror flicks .	i see . i workout lifting weights . you ?	i played a lot of sports in high school , but stopped when i started college .	i am a warehouse worker . i cook a great bbq .	i just graduated college and am still looking for a job .	keep your head up ! i work the forklift . what work do you do ?	my fiance is helping me look for a job .	that is good ! people laugh because my name is joe shirley .	ah , i see . they laugh because i want to be a soccer coach .	hmmm . got for it ! is six four two twenty tall and big ?	yes , too big for soccer , which is my favorite sport !	i see . i have a cookbook coming out . you write ?	no , but my fiance does .	hmmm . have him aid you compose a volume about soccer .
para-0319	hi . how are you ? my name is joanna	i am doing well . my name is rachel . yourself ?	hi . how are you ? my name is joanna	i am doing well . my name is rachel . yourself ?	where did you go to college ?	i am still attending at cypress . i binge eat a lot because of this .	i have a degree in psychology from usc , but i am a professional singer	Ohio darn . tha a t is awe-inspiring ! i care i could do that for a aliveness .
para-0320	hey there how are you	hey . i am fine and what about you ?	hey there how are you	hey . i am fine and what about you ?	slightly stressed out , had a very very long weel	what does weel means ? i never heard of this	grim , misprint fault on my part , workweek . what do you do for oeuvre ?
para-0321	hi , what do you do ?	i just graduated . working at a fast food joint now .	hi , what do you do ?	i just graduated . working at a fast food joint now .	squeamish , do you corresponding euphony ? whenever i am not acting i mind to music
para-0322	hi there . how are you ?	fantastic ! this steak really hits the spot ! how are you ?	hi there . how are you ?	fantastic ! this steak really hits the spot ! how are you ?	good . i do not like steak much . i like chicken .	all meat is good meat lol . got to keep that protein up !	honest that . i do tae kwan do , so i corrode skimpy nub . do you meet fun ?
para-0323	hey , do you have any pets	yes i have a hunting dog .	hey , do you have any pets	yes i have a hunting dog .	i have a lot of pets .	oh nice what do you do ?	i mainly just sit and look at mountains ,	ok i can sell you a house on a mountain .	i would like that . for how much ?	calculates if you desire a outside placement with no neighbours or some neighbours .
para-0324	hello how is your family . mine is great	okay ; but not affluent . i work at a factory for low pay despite going to ohio st .	hello how is your family . mine is great	okay ; but not affluent . i work at a factory for low pay despite going to ohio st .	cool . we just went swimming . that is one way we get our workout in .	i am scared of water ! except when i garden to feed my plants .	as a teacher it is refreshing to watch the sea as i meditate . then swim .	interesting . what is your favorite color ?	my favorite color is black . i also like purple . it is my birth stone .	no way ! i love purple ! where did you go to college . i am a proud buckeye .	i went to alabama where my son jeremiah was conceived and i married	was he an accident or are you a man of the good lord ?	i am non spiritual but i am spectral . i trust in level-headed brain and body
para-0325	hey how are you today ?	i am well . how about you ?	hey how are you today ?	i am well . how about you ?	i am a bit sore from doing tae kwan do .	nice ! i just signed up for a jujitsu class ! so far it seems fun .	nice , i am a state champion .	howler ! that is awing ! do you do anything else to assist hold your tae kwan do ?
para-0326	hi how are you ? where do you live ?	doing good . i live in the midwest	hi how are you ? where do you live ?	doing good . i live in the midwest	oh okay . i am good as well . i am reside on edris island	do you have any animals i have a cat i do not like dogs	i am the total opposite i love dogs and ate cats .	i hope you do not eat cats . . . lol	i am a teenage mixed girl lol not asian	i enjoy watching superhero movies of the dark variety	i do have a frank appointed ralph he inhabits with me and my Sister .
para-0327	did you know that working at whole foods means you can ride a horse to work ? !	not really , i am studying at the university up state learning biology .	did you know that working at whole foods means you can ride a horse to work ? !	not really , i am studying at the university up state learning biology .	that is cool . hoping to go to med school ?	marine biology actually , still a student but i do not party .	neither do i . instead i paint in my spare time . often times it is a city landscape	that is nice , i was born and raised in the united states have you painted there ?	yup , i inhabit in the us . a major Occident sea-coast metropolis in fact .
para-0328	hello , do you think british accents are sexy ?	hi how are you doing i am great yes british accents are sexy .	hello , do you think british accents are sexy ?	hi how are you doing i am great yes british accents are sexy .	i am doing wonderful , now that i avoided the mangoes . i am allergic .	oh sorry to hear that i like going out with my friends .	i do too , i collect civil war antiques , mainly china .	that sounds cool . i like to listen to rap music .	i do too , so does my dog . his name is tupac .	great name for the pet i am in love with playing sports and being active .	i run , that is about it . my husband loves sports too	good job running is healthy i am a 50 year old woman .	i am only 23 . i have a lot of life ahead of me . got any tips ?	yes truelove you are vernal so bask every minute of your life-time .
para-0329	christmas is my favorite holiday , almost time to start decorating	hey how are you today ?	christmas is my favorite holiday , almost time to start decorating	hey how are you today ?	great , just eating my favorite cheese pizza . how are you ?	fathoms sound . i would not beware suffering some but i have to home make it .
para-0330	i am drunk on scotch right now , you ?	i cannot afford alcohol . i can barely afford to pay my other bills each month .	i am drunk on scotch right now , you ?	i cannot afford alcohol . i can barely afford to pay my other bills each month .	i use to work at the local carnival , i can understand a tight budget	i work as a kindergarten teacher . i love kids !	kids are over rated , i like cats	i see . did you graduate college ? i just did two years ago .	i did , school for superheros	that is awesome ! where is that ? i live in seattle .	monkey shoulder virginia where they produce superhero movies the evil ones	i have not heard of that town . i share an apartment with 2 roommates .	sounds like you could use some scotch	i could ! i just wish i could afford it .	what are you afraid of ?	i am afraid of not being able to pay my bills .	funfair is always renting , possibly 2d caper ?
para-0331	hey there how are you ?	i am doing great ! just eating dinner .	hey there how are you ?	i am doing great ! just eating dinner .	just got my nails done in my fav color	wow , i bet they look nice .	like sports ? love the buckeyes	i love sports too ! i enjoy camping .	yes they really do front decent , the filles all demand at work
para-0332	hello . how are you doing ?	i am doing just fine . how are you today ?	hello . how are you doing ?	i am doing just fine . how are you today ?	very well , thank you . are you religious ? my religion is jewish .	i am not particularly religious . why do you ask ?	just curious . do you like tv ? my favorite is the office .	i do not watch much tv , but i do enjoy archer .	how about music ? my favorite is jazz .	i delight blueings more because i am from boodle . what do you wish about malarky ?
para-0333	howdy how are you doing tonight i am doing fine .	i am doing fine too .	howdy how are you doing tonight i am doing fine .	i am doing fine too .	that is good i like watching sports on television . do you ?	i do not wish sportswomen . i bonk watching serial .
para-0334	hi , i am pretty shy , tell me about yourself ?	hi well i am good with my hands . i build things like this tiki mask	hi , i am pretty shy , tell me about yourself ?	hi well i am good with my hands . i build things like this tiki mask	i also like to build , i built a model spaceship once	my wife divorced me but the kids like me better because i build things	well do you work ? do you have a degree to sustain yourself ?	i built models when i was a kid . now i sculpt and mold and carve	nice , i specialize in computer science degree so i mostly mold 3d images	customer service . i am looking for a new job . i hate sitting still all day	do you care fiddling television bizes ? i bring illusion telecasting games
para-0335	what music do you like , i enjoy bluegrass .	i prefer pop music . i try to stay up with the trends .	what music do you like , i enjoy bluegrass .	i favour popping euphony . i examine to continue up with the tendencies .
para-0336	i turned 90 on saturday , how old are you ?	i am 22 ! i just had my birthday too , and got my nails done as a celebration !	i turned 90 on saturday , how old are you ?	i am 22 ! i just had my birthday too , and got my nails done as a celebration !	well that is nice . i was in the war many years ago .	did you bait sawhorses in the warfare ? i enjoy knights . which warfare ?
para-0337	hello how are you tonight ?	i am good ! practicing my singing for my career	hello how are you tonight ?	i am good ! practicing my singing for my career	oh cool . i work with wood . carpenter actually	cool ! you could build sets for me when i become an actress	absolutely . singing comes with the party . i quit the drink over 5 years now .	congratulations ! as a single lady i drink more than i should on blind dates	settle . have a family . kids , my wife gave me 3	it is hard to find a man in new york working as a model . no time	i used to play poker every night in new york !	poker is great ! i play a little after i sing at one of the clubs	i still like it . how long have you been in the city ?	about a yr . i moved learn to follow my dreaming of acting
para-0338	good evening , what are you doing tonight ?	hi . how are you ? i just got in from working on my car .	good evening , what are you doing tonight ?	hi . how are you ? i just got in from working on my car .	a real man , just like the ones i read and watch in my romance books and movies	haha . thanks . operating on Hellenic automobiles is my love !
para-0339	hey there how are you ?	pretty great ! i am just eating a steak and potatoes	hey there how are you ?	pretty great ! i am just eating a steak and potatoes	i love superheros especially the dark movie kind .	they are really good . what is your favorite ?	really ? i love me a serious laborious crapulence , Scotch is my selection .
para-0340	hi , want to be my friend ?	hello , sure why not ! how old are you ? i just turned 34	hi , want to be my friend ?	hello , sure why not ! how old are you ? i just turned 34	whoa . i am only 12 . what is it like to be old ?	my 2 kiddos are in kindergarten , they desire to calibrate at Mississippi university alike me
para-0341	hi how are you today ?	i am good . just sitting here jamming to metallica .	hi how are you today ?	i am good . just sitting here jamming to metallica .	very nice are you married ?	no i am not , you ?	i just got engaged so kinda nervous	one of my comrades just caught operated , the other is undivided ilk me .
para-0342	hi ! you read books ? i love reading mysteries .	yes ! i do art so i love all forms of expression	hi ! you read books ? i love reading mysteries .	yes ! i do art so i love all forms of expression	lovely ! my kids love reading too . i have seven of them !	wow that is a handful	haha . i also grew up in a large family on a large farm .	i am scared my kids will get my webbed toes	i hope not ! i am a truck driver . what do you do for a living ?	cleaner at research facility by day , artist by night	nice ! you paint ? blue is my favorite color .	more sculpture , i turn others trash into projects	that is interesting . can you sculpt david ?	i could try , i am only five feet so cannot make anything too tall	haha . get a big stool . you can do it !	i have a big personality for this little body so i do not give up	you know what they say . good things come in little packages !	yes i wish the posture ! you have the esthetic punk personality
para-0343	hey there i am brianna hows it going	hi ! i am kylee . doing well . nothing too exciting tonight	hey there i am brianna hows it going	hi ! i am kylee . doing well . nothing too exciting tonight	that is good and same here sadly	waiting for my next model spaceship to be delivered .	o are those hard to assemble	not too hard , just fun while i am not playing videogames	what video games you play ?	anything really , but mostly warcraft . what are your hobbies ?	i apply to pull a Lot mightily now i sont really have a hobbie
para-0344	good afternoon . sitting here listening to john denver . i adore him .	that sounds fun . i am more of a soft rock guy .	good afternoon . sitting here listening to john denver . i adore him .	that sounds fun . i am more of a soft rock guy .	i grew up with horses on a farm and love them . like animals ?	i love animals . i grew up around horses in north dakota .	nice , i also love to cook with vegetables in my garden .	i love fresh food . i can stuff all the time .	awesome . do you excercise ? i do every day . need to lose weight .	not very much . work keeps me pretty busy .	what do you do ? i am a teacher .	i recently changed jobs , started in advertising last year .	sounds interesting . i would like to own my own horse ranch one day .	that would a fun job . what do you do for fun ?	besides cookery , turning out and euphony i wish to go to the movies .
para-0345	hello , how are you tonight ?	i am a thing in fashion and acting . but not sure how i will like ny .	hello , how are you tonight ?	i am a thing in fashion and acting . but not sure how i will like ny .	it is interesting at best . i love to sing , do you ?	moving there next year . love to sing . surf and skate too . you ?	i surf and do not see colors correctly , so that is a challenge .	i spent most my life in california sharks are grey . what parts do you sing ?	anything by lady gaga and madonna .	neat . so do you perform or work in the industry ?	i am retired army , and do not know what to do with myself .	if you can sing , go get on the voice ! or take up surfing .	i do surf , and i am not interested in become a pro singer .	is there surfing around new york ?	i do not know , i do not live there .	do not know why i thought that . where do you surf ?	in FL , Mexico and Cali . i wish to locomote .
para-0346	hey there how are you today ?	i am great how are you ?	hey there how are you today ?	i am great how are you ?	like bbq ? i love bbq a lot	i do too ! what do you do for a living ? i works as a handyman .	i am really tired but i cannot quit	why so tired ? do you have a hobby ? i hunt and love restoring cars , especially classic .	i am tired from work , forklift does it to me	i sympathise . do you wish seafood ? i do except mollusk , i give out in urticarias .
para-0347	hello , how are you tonight ?	i am a thing in fashion and acting . but not sure how i will like ny .	hello , how are you tonight ?	i am a matter in style and performing . but not certain how i will care NY .
para-0348	hello , how are you today ?	i am doing very well , just came back from walking my dogs .	hello , how are you today ?	i am doing very well , just came back from walking my dogs .	what kind of dogs ? i have a couple cats .	i have retrievers , they are my companions . i am an attorney .	i write for a newspaper . what kind of law do you do ?	civil , mainly for the people of my tribe in oklahoma ,	i live in hawaii . do you like oklahoma ?	not really , but it is where i am needed at the moment .	i do not have many friends .	do you go to church ? i do not , but maybe you could find some there .	yeah , i go about once a month .	i am terrified of heights , i fell out of a tree when i was young .	i got my cat out of a tree once .	i would call the firing section , since they similar guys and weenies .
para-0349	it is a beautiful beach day . how are you ?	sad , struggling to make ends meet from all my bills	it is a beautiful beach day . how are you ?	sad , struggling to make ends meet from all my bills	i am sorry to hear that . i am on a diet so i am hungry	at least you can eat i can not afford to	my dad owns a car dealership so maybe i can get you a better job ?	i would love that , thank you for that	of course . i feel spoiled . i just paid to get my nails done	that is awesome you are so luckily	i did grown up very lucky . i want to help you be lucky now	you are so kind do you work in car sales as well ?	yes , i help my dad out here and there . when will you be able to work ?	i am available right now i have been out of school for two years now	i will set up the interview ! then we can go to the beach	that vocalises care a program beaming i contacted you
para-0350	hey there how are you ?	pretty great ! i am just eating a steak and potatoes	hey there how are you ?	pretty great ! i am just eating a steak and potatoes	i love superheros especially the dark movie kind .	they are really good . what is your favorite ?	really ? i enjoy me a good hard drink , scotch is my choice .	yummy . i drank a ton last week when i was at my friends wedding	whoa , i hope you were not sloppy drunk lol	just a little bit but i am sure he will forgive me haha	oh man lol , i like to write do you ?	i am more of a pictorial blueprint artist really . what do you indite ?
para-0351	hi my name is lauren . i like to gamble and play games . what about you	hi i am david . i love to play poker and run .	hi my name is lauren . i like to gamble and play games . what about you	hi i am david . i love to play poker and run .	i also enjoy poker . i like running but prefer swimming	what do you do for a living ?	i am an animal care tech , what do you do ?	i am just going to college for now .	that is cool , whats your major ? where do you live ?	i live in tennessee and i am majoring in education to become a teacher .	very nice . what grade would you like to teach ? i like in new jersey	i would prefer to teach elementary education .	that is cool , i am sure you will achieve your goal	i hope so . so do you like to listen to music ?	i bang all euphony , but i am not a devotee of nation or malarky though , you ?
para-0352	good morning , how are you today ?	i am fine thank you how is your day going ?	good morning , how are you today ?	i am fine thank you how is your day going ?	very well . just caught my youngster sis to schooltime , now on to the gymnasium .
para-0353	hi ! how are you ? do you have any hobbies ?	hi . yeah , i guess . i love going to the theater for movies .	hi ! how are you ? do you have any hobbies ?	hi . yeah , i guess . i love going to the theater for movies .	that is cool ! do you have a favorite movie ?	yeah , i like love actually , i watch it with my husband .	cool ! i like to watch tv with my cat .	i like tv too , but my husband is always complaining i need to exercise more	that is distressing . i practise every daytime . i walk 1 mil daily .
para-0354	hello , what animals do you have ? i have a couple of horses , 2	just 1 little maltese so easy to deal with over people	hello , what animals do you have ? i have a couple of horses , 2	just 1 little maltese so easy to deal with over people	do you live in a large or small city ? i am in large	i live in a big city i work for the shelter for animals as a cleaner	do you need a painter there because i paint when i have free time	no i do not like music ?	well i certainly do , taylor swift is my favorite	cool , i am normally irritating or irritable	nice , i work with a lot of irritating people at the grocery store	i count an clients , i wish the chief niece smh
para-0355	hello how are you doing	pretty good . how are you ?	hello how are you doing	pretty good . how are you ?	i am making dinner getting ready for bed	i just got off work .	i am looking for something different to do	i am looking for another job myself .	i was adopted by my aunt and uncle	my parents did not want me either .	if i ever hit the lottery i will love to help some of these kids	what kids are you trying to help ?	all the ones that need help in the world there are so many	yeah , it is sad that there are kids who do not have their basic needs met .	now all these natural disasters	what do you reckon the most utile means is to aid miserable masseses ?
para-0356	hi have any hobbies i eat oreos to hide my pain	no hobbies , but i too love oreos , although i am dieting right now .	hi have any hobbies i eat oreos to hide my pain	no hobbies , but i too love oreos , although i am dieting right now .	i eat them cause i am in transition	transition ? what do you do for fun ? i like going to the beach .	i am 14 and skipped puberty cause i am soon a boy	oh ok . what is your favorite animal ?	dogs love me not cats but guess it is cause i am different	i love horses ! i love to get my nails done in my spare time .	listening to pink floyd helps me study bacon	i care pinko floyd too ! i am processing aright now at my Padres motorcar franchise .
para-0357	hey ! . nice to meet you . me and my folks are currently in arkansas . you ?	i am from all over . i just cannot stay still so i move a lot .	hey ! . dainty to gather you . me and my tribes are presently in AR . you ?
para-0358	how is this lovely evening treating you ?	it is awesome . how are you ?	how is this lovely evening treating you ?	it is awesome . how are you ?	doing well , groundwork a lilliputian timeworn after depicting 4 houses in the last 2 minutes !
para-0359	have you ever seen the sun rise in a small town ?	almost every day of my life , i was born , raised and still live in one .	have you ever figured the Sun develop in a lowly townspeople ?
para-0360	hi , how are you today ?	i am well . just finishing up making some barbecue . i love it .	hi , how are you today ?	i am well . just finishing up making some barbecue . i love it .	that sounds nice . so you like to cook ? what else do you do ?	watching horror movies are one of my favorites and i like to lift weights on weekends	awesome ! i love movies but i have not had much time with so much school .	every weekend i lift weight and watch a horror movie or two . need to go shopping .	what are you going shopping for ?	clothes . i am a tall guy and kind of big so shopping is not my favorite	do not like shopping much either . . . . cause i am broke . i will be successful soon though !	may i ask what you are studying ?	law . i only have two years left . maybe next year i can get an internship .	that is awe-inspiring . my boy guessed about analysing jurisprudence .
para-0361	i am waiting on my pizza to get here and i am getting excited . how are you ?	i am excited that my girls finally all went to sleep so i can relax	i am waiting on my pizza to get here and i am getting excited . how are you ?	i am excited that my girls finally all went to sleep so i can relax	i tend to stutter when i get excited so i hope the cute chick is not delivering	maybe just smile and give a good tip if that happens	i never have time to relax . i wish i did but i am always on the go .	were you born in the late was like i was ?	i am not sure what you mean but i cant wait for this pizza , its my favorite	i do not know what i mean either . i know i love heart though	my mom owns a restaurant and i work there but we do not make pizza	you should start since you love it so much .	all 5 of my older sisters and my younger brother work there . its a family thing	oh nice . i wonder if my 3 girls would ever go into business with me	i meant 6 older sisters . they would be offended by me saying 5	haha . do they like heart songs ? heart is the best band	if you unfold a pizza station i am indisputable they will go in byplay with you
para-0362	hello what are some of your interests	well i live in the gym	hello what are some of your interests	well i live in the gym	i live in the animal shelter , i love animals specifically dogs	i love animals too 2 basset hounds	two pit bulls , i am not allowed at the shelter anymore cause i adopt every time	sweet i would be that way too we love pits here too	so many do not like pits makes me sad , my boss niece loves my babies	what is your best-loved eatery ? yes they were shouted nursemaid dogs
para-0363	it is a beautiful beach day . how are you ?	sad , struggling to make ends meet from all my bills	it is a beautiful beach day . how are you ?	sad , struggling to make ends meet from all my bills	i am sorry to hear that . i am on a diet so i am hungry	at least you can eat i can not afford to	my pappa owns a railcar franchise so mayhap i can get you a safer caper ?
para-0364	hi there how are you ?	i am good . how are you doing ?	hi there how are you ?	i am good . how are you doing ?	been pretty busy planning my move to new york next year	sounds time consuming . i just got home from work at the grocery store	my parents owned a grocery store when i was growing up in california	cool ! do you enjoy painting ? i do .	not really . cant sit still long enough . surfing and skating is what i like to do	i also enjoy horseback riding	that sounds more like my kind of thing .	i own two beautiful horses , but cant see them as often as i would like .	that sounds sweet ! ! do you sing ?	i wish ! my voice could shatter glass haha	mine too ! i always desired to be a Singer , but miserable and behold , i ca NT sing
para-0365	hello , how are you tonight ?	doing well , just listening to some bach . yourself ?	hello , how are you tonight ?	doing well , just listening to some bach . yourself ?	waiting for my sister to come home so we can go shopping .	i thought about going out tonight , but the insects are bad , and i hate them .	me too . a man had spider bites when i was interning in the er .	are you a doctor , i work as an engineer in the army .	i am a registered nurse . i am so excited for my first job .	that sounds exciting . do you know any languages , i only know english .	same here . only english . my sister speaks russian .	i would care to instruct Japanese . and chit-chat there someday . anywhere you would care to go ?
para-0366	hello , how are you tonight ? do you know where edris island is ?	i do not . i work in an animal shelter tho . i am the cleaner there .	howdy , how are you tonight ? do you love where edris island is ?
para-0367	hi there ! how are you ?	i am doing well , how about you ?	hi there ! how are you ?	i am doing well , how about you ?	very well , just doing some reading in my spare time	that is coolheaded , i am presently building a Tree home in my scanty time
para-0368	hello . how are you tonight ? long day of advertising .	advertising ? that sounds easy . i am a social worker dealing with at risk youth .	hello . how are you tonight ? long day of advertising .	advertising ? that sounds easy . i am a social worker dealing with at risk youth .	so you do something good . i travel abroad a lot and advertise the underground city night life .	that sounds cool . these kids drive me nuts .	it is an odd job for a jewish north dakota boy to do , but yes cool .	wow ! jewish people live in north dakota ! what else do you do ?	right ? haha . i play bass in a metal band . how about you ? hobbies ?	oh cool ! i sing in a choir ! i also play softball	at least you are active ! what position ? i played outfield in high school	it avails with the oeuvre focus . i wagered 2d foot . do you wish to fix ?
