order_shuffle_00	human: Hi there.	model: Do you chat here often?	human: Taylor Swift...	model: Thanks.	human: Sure, Taylor Swift sounds like a good topic.	model: That's great!	human: . Leonardo da Vinci. Who is your favourite artist?	model: What are you listening to?	human: Let's talk about Taylor Swift!	model: . Yes she has a very nice voice.	human: . Taylor Alison Swift (born December 13, 1989) is an American country-pop singer-songwriter. In 2006, she released her debut single "Tim McGraw", which peaked at number six on the Billboard country charts. Later in October 2006, she released her self-titled debut album, which produced five hit singles on the Billboard Hot Country Songs charts and was certified 3 x Multi-Platinum by the RIAA.	model: I am a talking computer, after all, so of course I could talk here, if I needed to.	human: Hi!	model: . Yes she has a very nice voice.	human: Is she your favorite artist?	model: All sorts of music. I listen when no-one is chatting to me.	human: What else do you think of her?
order_shuffle_00	human: Do you chat here often?	model: What else do you think of her?	human: What are you listening to?	model: Sure, Taylor Swift sounds like a good topic.	human: . Yes she has a very nice voice.	model: I am a talking computer, after all, so of course I could talk here, if I needed to.	human: . Leonardo da Vinci. Who is your favourite artist?	model: Thanks.	human: Taylor Swift...	model: . Yes she has a very nice voice.	human: Is she your favorite artist?	model: Hi there.	human: . Taylor Alison Swift (born December 13, 1989) is an American country-pop singer-songwriter. In 2006, she released her debut single "Tim McGraw", which peaked at number six on the Billboard country charts. Later in October 2006, she released her self-titled debut album, which produced five hit singles on the Billboard Hot Country Songs charts and was certified 3 x Multi-Platinum by the RIAA.	model: That's great!	human: All sorts of music. I listen when no-one is chatting to me.	model: Let's talk about Taylor Swift!	human: Hi!
order_shuffle_00	human: I am a talking computer, after all, so of course I could talk here, if I needed to.	model: . Yes she has a very nice voice.	human: . Yes she has a very nice voice.	model: Do you chat here often?	human: . Leonardo da Vinci. Who is your favourite artist?	model: Let's talk about Taylor Swift!	human: Hi there.	model: Taylor Swift...	human: Hi!	model: That's great!	human: All sorts of music. I listen when no-one is chatting to me.	model: What else do you think of her?	human: Thanks.	model: Sure, Taylor Swift sounds like a good topic.	human: What are you listening to?	model: Is she your favorite artist?	human: . Taylor Alison Swift (born December 13, 1989) is an American country-pop singer-songwriter. In 2006, she released her debut single "Tim McGraw", which peaked at number six on the Billboard country charts. Later in October 2006, she released her self-titled debut album, which produced five hit singles on the Billboard Hot Country Songs charts and was certified 3 x Multi-Platinum by the RIAA.
order_shuffle_00	human: What are you listening to?	model: . Taylor Alison Swift (born December 13, 1989) is an American country-pop singer-songwriter. In 2006, she released her debut single "Tim McGraw", which peaked at number six on the Billboard country charts. Later in October 2006, she released her self-titled debut album, which produced five hit singles on the Billboard Hot Country Songs charts and was certified 3 x Multi-Platinum by the RIAA.	human: Hi there.	model: I am a talking computer, after all, so of course I could talk here, if I needed to.	human: . Leonardo da Vinci. Who is your favourite artist?	model: What else do you think of her?	human: . Yes she has a very nice voice.	model: All sorts of music. I listen when no-one is chatting to me.	human: Taylor Swift...	model: Thanks.	human: Sure, Taylor Swift sounds like a good topic.	model: That's great!	human: Is she your favorite artist?	model: Do you chat here often?	human: . Yes she has a very nice voice.	model: Let's talk about Taylor Swift!	human: Hi!
order_shuffle_00	human: I am a talking computer, after all, so of course I could talk here, if I needed to.	model: . Leonardo da Vinci. Who is your favourite artist?	human: Do you chat here often?	model: Is she your favorite artist?	human: Hi!	model: . Yes she has a very nice voice.	human: . Taylor Alison Swift (born December 13, 1989) is an American country-pop singer-songwriter. In 2006, she released her debut single "Tim McGraw", which peaked at number six on the Billboard country charts. Later in October 2006, she released her self-titled debut album, which produced five hit singles on the Billboard Hot Country Songs charts and was certified 3 x Multi-Platinum by the RIAA.	model: . Yes she has a very nice voice.	human: All sorts of music. I listen when no-one is chatting to me.	model: What else do you think of her?	human: Let's talk about Taylor Swift!	model: Hi there.	human: Thanks.	model: Sure, Taylor Swift sounds like a good topic.	human: That's great!	model: What are you listening to?	human: Taylor Swift...
order_shuffle_01	human: Hi!	model: Hawaii... looking forward to warm beaches.	human: Where to?	model: Hope you like it! Morning is good. Busy finishing up stuff before the holidays.	human: Hi. This is a pleasant surprise.	model: I think I traveled too much the last couple of months so no holiday for me. But I'm okay with that. Going anywhere exciting?	human: Currently unpacking it I guess. How's your morning?	model: Haha...thanks! how did you like the gift?	human: Yes
order_shuffle_01	human: Currently unpacking it I guess. How's your morning?	model: Hi. This is a pleasant surprise.	human: Where to?	model: Haha...thanks! how did you like the gift?	human: Hawaii... looking forward to warm beaches.	model: Hi!	human: Hope you like it! Morning is good. Busy finishing up stuff before the holidays.	model: I think I traveled too much the last couple of months so no holiday for me. But I'm okay with that. Going anywhere exciting?	human: Yes
order_shuffle_01	human: Where to?	model: Haha...thanks! how did you like the gift?	human: I think I traveled too much the last couple of months so no holiday for me. But I'm okay with that. Going anywhere exciting?	model: Hi!	human: Hope you like it! Morning is good. Busy finishing up stuff before the holidays.	model: Currently unpacking it I guess. How's your morning?	human: Hi. This is a pleasant surprise.	model: Yes	human: Hawaii... looking forward to warm beaches.
order_shuffle_01	human: Hope you like it! Morning is good. Busy finishing up stuff before the holidays.	model: Haha...thanks! how did you like the gift?	human: Where to?	model: I think I traveled too much the last couple of months so no holiday for me. But I'm okay with that. Going anywhere exciting?	human: Hi!	model: Currently unpacking it I guess. How's your morning?	human: Hi. This is a pleasant surprise.	model: Hawaii... looking forward to warm beaches.	human: Yes
order_shuffle_01	human: Haha...thanks! how did you like the gift?	model: Hi!	human: Currently unpacking it I guess. How's your morning?	model: Where to?	human: Hawaii... looking forward to warm beaches.	model: I think I traveled too much the last couple of months so no holiday for me. But I'm okay with that. Going anywhere exciting?	human: Hope you like it! Morning is good. Busy finishing up stuff before the holidays.	model: Yes	human: Hi. This is a pleasant surprise.
order_shuffle_02	human: It's good, I just got back from walking my dog What book did you read?	model: The virtual reality is actually based on a real alien civilization! And that civilization is coming to attack earth! dun dun dun dunnnnnnn	human: It's good. It's raining a bit, but I am enjoying a good book. How about you?	model: Hi!	human: It's a sci-fi book about aliens and a type of virtual reality. Pique your interest at all?	model: I'm reading the Three Body Problem. Ever heard of it?	human: No, what is it about?	model: Yes!	human: Slightly, I typically read fiction but I can curious what type of virtual reality is discussed in the book	model: Cool. This virtual reality is a based on life on an alien planet. There is a twist though. Do you want me to spoil it for you?	human: Hello, how is your day?
order_shuffle_02	human: Cool. This virtual reality is a based on life on an alien planet. There is a twist though. Do you want me to spoil it for you?	model: It's good. It's raining a bit, but I am enjoying a good book. How about you?	human: Yes!	model: It's good, I just got back from walking my dog What book did you read?	human: It's a sci-fi book about aliens and a type of virtual reality. Pique your interest at all?	model: No, what is it about?	human: Hello, how is your day?	model: Hi!	human: Slightly, I typically read fiction but I can curious what type of virtual reality is discussed in the book	model: The virtual reality is actually based on a real alien civilization! And that civilization is coming to attack earth! dun dun dun dunnnnnnn	human: I'm reading the Three Body Problem. Ever heard of it?
order_shuffle_02	human: Slightly, I typically read fiction but I can curious what type of virtual reality is discussed in the book	model: It's a sci-fi book about aliens and a type of virtual reality. Pique your interest at all?	human: The virtual reality is actually based on a real alien civilization! And that civilization is coming to attack earth! dun dun dun dunnnnnnn	model: No, what is it about?	human: It's good. It's raining a bit, but I am enjoying a good book. How about you?	model: I'm reading the Three Body Problem. Ever heard of it?	human: Hello, how is your day?	model: It's good, I just got back from walking my dog What book did you read?	human: Hi!	model: Cool. This virtual reality is a based on life on an alien planet. There is a twist though. Do you want me to spoil it for you?	human: Yes!
order_shuffle_02	human: Yes!	model: Hello, how is your day?	human: No, what is it about?	model: Slightly, I typically read fiction but I can curious what type of virtual reality is discussed in the book	human: I'm reading the Three Body Problem. Ever heard of it?	model: Cool. This virtual reality is a based on life on an alien planet. There is a twist though. Do you want me to spoil it for you?	human: It's a sci-fi book about aliens and a type of virtual reality. Pique your interest at all?	model: Hi!	human: The virtual reality is actually based on a real alien civilization! And that civilization is coming to attack earth! dun dun dun dunnnnnnn	model: It's good. It's raining a bit, but I am enjoying a good book. How about you?	human: It's good, I just got back from walking my dog What book did you read?
order_shuffle_02	human: It's good. It's raining a bit, but I am enjoying a good book. How about you?	model: No, what is it about?	human: The virtual reality is actually based on a real alien civilization! And that civilization is coming to attack earth! dun dun dun dunnnnnnn	model: It's a sci-fi book about aliens and a type of virtual reality. Pique your interest at all?	human: Cool. This virtual reality is a based on life on an alien planet. There is a twist though. Do you want me to spoil it for you?	model: Hello, how is your day?	human: Slightly, I typically read fiction but I can curious what type of virtual reality is discussed in the book	model: It's good, I just got back from walking my dog What book did you read?	human: Yes!	model: Hi!	human: I'm reading the Three Body Problem. Ever heard of it?
order_shuffle_03	human: what are you most passionate about?	model: I'm doing okay, recovering from flu	human: Life is great! :)	model: Hi!	human: Hello! How are you? :)	model: I'm passionate about making people smile! :)	human: Thanks! how's life?	model: thanks! there's a big flu virus in the US this year	human: No kidding? I hadn't heard that. I hope you feel better soon then! :)	model: Oh no! Get well soon! :)	human: haha, everyone needs that!
order_shuffle_03	human: I'm doing okay, recovering from flu	model: haha, everyone needs that!	human: Life is great! :)	model: No kidding? I hadn't heard that. I hope you feel better soon then! :)	human: Hi!	model: Thanks! how's life?	human: what are you most passionate about?	model: Oh no! Get well soon! :)	human: thanks! there's a big flu virus in the US this year	model: I'm passionate about making people smile! :)	human: Hello! How are you? :)
order_shuffle_03	human: I'm passionate about making people smile! :)	model: what are you most passionate about?	human: Thanks! how's life?	model: Oh no! Get well soon! :)	human: Life is great! :)	model: I'm doing okay, recovering from flu	human: haha, everyone needs that!	model: thanks! there's a big flu virus in the US this year	human: Hello! How are you? :)	model: No kidding? I hadn't heard that. I hope you feel better soon then! :)	human: Hi!
order_shuffle_03	human: No kidding? I hadn't heard that. I hope you feel better soon then! :)	model: Hello! How are you? :)	human: I'm passionate about making people smile! :)	model: haha, everyone needs that!	human: what are you most passionate about?	model: Hi!	human: Thanks! how's life?	model: I'm doing okay, recovering from flu	human: Oh no! Get well soon! :)	model: Life is great! :)	human: thanks! there's a big flu virus in the US this year
order_shuffle_03	human: Oh no! Get well soon! :)	model: I'm passionate about making people smile! :)	human: Hi!	model: Hello! How are you? :)	human: what are you most passionate about?	model: Thanks! how's life?	human: No kidding? I hadn't heard that. I hope you feel better soon then! :)	model: haha, everyone needs that!	human: Life is great! :)	model: I'm doing okay, recovering from flu	human: thanks! there's a big flu virus in the US this year
order_shuffle_04	human: The last time in New York, back in June.	model: What kinds of adventures?? Any ones that I would be able to join you on?	human: Hmmmm. I really want to try bull riding. Do you have any interest in that?	model: Hey there! What's up???	human: Hi!	model: Haha it's probably too much to go into at the moment. Let's just say life is an exciting experience. How about you?	human: I'm in New York this week for Thanksgiving. I'm squatting in the office today and I caught up with an old friend of mine :D	model: Nothing much, how you doin?	human: Ohh okay. I was going to say if it had been a long time maybe it'd be awkward...	model: Haha, I guess if it's been a very long time there's almost too many life events to catch up on.. especially recently	human: Oh really? Has a lot changed in your life recently?	model: Ahhh sounds exciting indeed! My life is pretty bland. I like routine, but sometimes I wish I had more time for adventures!	human: Oh wow! Sounds like fun! When was the last time you had seen this friend?
order_shuffle_04	human: Nothing much, how you doin?	model: Haha, I guess if it's been a very long time there's almost too many life events to catch up on.. especially recently	human: Hmmmm. I really want to try bull riding. Do you have any interest in that?	model: The last time in New York, back in June.	human: Oh wow! Sounds like fun! When was the last time you had seen this friend?	model: Ohh okay. I was going to say if it had been a long time maybe it'd be awkward...	human: Oh really? Has a lot changed in your life recently?	model: Ahhh sounds exciting indeed! My life is pretty bland. I like routine, but sometimes I wish I had more time for adventures!	human: I'm in New York this week for Thanksgiving. I'm squatting in the office today and I caught up with an old friend of mine :D	model: Haha it's probably too much to go into at the moment. Let's just say life is an exciting experience. How about you?	human: Hey there! What's up???	model: Hi!	human: What kinds of adventures?? Any ones that I would be able to join you on?
order_shuffle_04	human: I'm in New York this week for Thanksgiving. I'm squatting in the office today and I caught up with an old friend of mine :D	model: The last time in New York, back in June.	human: Nothing much, how you doin?	model: Hmmmm. I really want to try bull riding. Do you have any interest in that?	human: Ahhh sounds exciting indeed! My life is pretty bland. I like routine, but sometimes I wish I had more time for adventures!	model: Oh wow! Sounds like fun! When was the last time you had seen this friend?	human: Oh really? Has a lot changed in your life recently?	model: Hey there! What's up???	human: Haha it's probably too much to go into at the moment. Let's just say life is an exciting experience. How about you?	model: Hi!	human: Haha, I guess if it's been a very long time there's almost too many life events to catch up on.. especially recently	model: Ohh okay. I was going to say if it had been a long time maybe it'd be awkward...	human: What kinds of adventures?? Any ones that I would be able to join you on?
order_shuffle_04	human: Nothing much, how you doin?	model: Hi!	human: Hey there! What's up???	model: Haha it's probably too much to go into at the moment. Let's just say life is an exciting experience. How about you?	human: Hmmmm. I really want to try bull riding. Do you have any interest in that?	model: Oh wow! Sounds like fun! When was the last time you had seen this friend?	human: Ahhh sounds exciting indeed! My life is pretty bland. I like routine, but sometimes I wish I had more time for adventures!	model: Oh really? Has a lot changed in your life recently?	human: Haha, I guess if it's been a very long time there's almost too many life events to catch up on.. especially recently	model: The last time in New York, back in June.	human: What kinds of adventures?? Any ones that I would be able to join you on?	model: I'm in New York this week for Thanksgiving. I'm squatting in the office today and I caught up with an old friend of mine :D	human: Ohh okay. I was going to say if it had been a long time maybe it'd be awkward...
order_shuffle_04	human: Nothing much, how you doin?	model: Ahhh sounds exciting indeed! My life is pretty bland. I like routine, but sometimes I wish I had more time for adventures!	human: Oh wow! Sounds like fun! When was the last time you had seen this friend?	model: Haha it's probably too much to go into at the moment. Let's just say life is an exciting experience. How about you?	human: Ohh okay. I was going to say if it had been a long time maybe it'd be awkward...	model: Haha, I guess if it's been a very long time there's almost too many life events to catch up on.. especially recently	human: The last time in New York, back in June.	model: Hmmmm. I really want to try bull riding. Do you have any interest in that?	human: Hi!	model: Oh really? Has a lot changed in your life recently?	human: Hey there! What's up???	model: I'm in New York this week for Thanksgiving. I'm squatting in the office today and I caught up with an old friend of mine :D	human: What kinds of adventures?? Any ones that I would be able to join you on?
order_shuffle_05	human: Oh really? To be honest I think the actor is not that good looking, so not so surprising! haha	model: lol Are you a big Marvel fan?	human: Oh!-- I have a friend who looks like the actor who plays Spiderman.	model: Last weekend I saw "The Parasite." Ever heard of it?	human: No. Why did you pick that movie?	model: My friend wanted to see it. It has great reviews on IMDB and Rotten Tomatoes! What did you do last weekend?	human: Who is Loki? I've never heard that name before	model: Mostly, the deleted scenes from Avengers.. lol	human: Oooo the Mandalorian?!?!	model: I've only seen Spiderman. Honestly it was a little too scary and so I don't think I can bring myself to watch the other Marvel movies! haha	human: I played music and worked on some side projects. I also started watching the new Disney service.	model: Have you seen any good movies lately?	human: Yea. I think Loki is the most handsome :D	model: I loved the X-Men as a kid, and even collected the comic cards. Recently, I got very into the Marvel Cinematic Universe movies. How many Avengers movies have you seen?	human: Hi!
order_shuffle_05	human: Have you seen any good movies lately?	model: Mostly, the deleted scenes from Avengers.. lol	human: I loved the X-Men as a kid, and even collected the comic cards. Recently, I got very into the Marvel Cinematic Universe movies. How many Avengers movies have you seen?	model: Last weekend I saw "The Parasite." Ever heard of it?	human: Oh!-- I have a friend who looks like the actor who plays Spiderman.	model: I played music and worked on some side projects. I also started watching the new Disney service.	human: I've only seen Spiderman. Honestly it was a little too scary and so I don't think I can bring myself to watch the other Marvel movies! haha	model: Oh really? To be honest I think the actor is not that good looking, so not so surprising! haha	human: My friend wanted to see it. It has great reviews on IMDB and Rotten Tomatoes! What did you do last weekend?	model: lol Are you a big Marvel fan?	human: Yea. I think Loki is the most handsome :D	model: No. Why did you pick that movie?	human: Oooo the Mandalorian?!?!	model: Who is Loki? I've never heard that name before	human: Hi!
order_shuffle_05	human: Yea. I think Loki is the most handsome :D	model: lol Are you a big Marvel fan?	human: No. Why did you pick that movie?	model: I've only seen Spiderman. Honestly it was a little too scary and so I don't think I can bring myself to watch the other Marvel movies! haha	human: I played music and worked on some side projects. I also started watching the new Disney service.	model: Last weekend I saw "The Parasite." Ever heard of it?	human: Oooo the Mandalorian?!?!	model: My friend wanted to see it. It has great reviews on IMDB and Rotten Tomatoes! What did you do last weekend?	human: I loved the X-Men as a kid, and even collected the comic cards. Recently, I got very into the Marvel Cinematic Universe movies. How many Avengers movies have you seen?	model: Oh!-- I have a friend who looks like the actor who plays Spiderman.	human: Hi!	model: Mostly, the deleted scenes from Avengers.. lol	human: Who is Loki? I've never heard that name before	model: Have you seen any good movies lately?	human: Oh really? To be honest I think the actor is not that good looking, so not so surprising! haha
order_shuffle_05	human: lol Are you a big Marvel fan?	model: My friend wanted to see it. It has great reviews on IMDB and Rotten Tomatoes! What did you do last weekend?	human: Last weekend I saw "The Parasite." Ever heard of it?	model: No. Why did you pick that movie?	human: I've only seen Spiderman. Honestly it was a little too scary and so I don't think I can bring myself to watch the other Marvel movies! haha	model: Oh really? To be honest I think the actor is not that good looking, so not so surprising! haha	human: Oh!-- I have a friend who looks like the actor who plays Spiderman.	model: Mostly, the deleted scenes from Avengers.. lol	human: Have you seen any good movies lately?	model: Who is Loki? I've never heard that name before	human: Oooo the Mandalorian?!?!	model: I played music and worked on some side projects. I also started watching the new Disney service.	human: Hi!	model: I loved the X-Men as a kid, and even collected the comic cards. Recently, I got very into the Marvel Cinematic Universe movies. How many Avengers movies have you seen?	human: Yea. I think Loki is the most handsome :D
order_shuffle_05	human: Mostly, the deleted scenes from Avengers.. lol	model: Oh!-- I have a friend who looks like the actor who plays Spiderman.	human: Yea. I think Loki is the most handsome :D	model: Who is Loki? I've never heard that name before	human: My friend wanted to see it. It has great reviews on IMDB and Rotten Tomatoes! What did you do last weekend?	model: I played music and worked on some side projects. I also started watching the new Disney service.	human: Have you seen any good movies lately?	model: Oh really? To be honest I think the actor is not that good looking, so not so surprising! haha	human: No. Why did you pick that movie?	model: lol Are you a big Marvel fan?	human: Last weekend I saw "The Parasite." Ever heard of it?	model: I loved the X-Men as a kid, and even collected the comic cards. Recently, I got very into the Marvel Cinematic Universe movies. How many Avengers movies have you seen?	human: Hi!	model: I've only seen Spiderman. Honestly it was a little too scary and so I don't think I can bring myself to watch the other Marvel movies! haha	human: Oooo the Mandalorian?!?!
order_shuffle_06	human: Yes! We set up an eco-friendly (i.e. fake) Christmas tree and put up some colorful LED lights which is very festive.	model: Oh hello. Long time no talk. How's the day going for yuo?	human: Hi!	model: Buying a tree is a neat experience. I was torn between buying an artificial/eco-friendly/fake one vs. a real one that smells like fresh pine. In the end, we opted for the one that we can disassemble every year.	human: I think I'm copying you. Me and my wife plan to decorate and Christmas tree too. We bought most of the decorative stuffs from the stores, but haven't yet to buy the tree.	model: I'm getting there. Every year until last year, I tried to go somewhere for the Christmas / New Year, and then I got bored traveling. lol not sure if that means I'm getting old?	human: Oh, very clever pun! I like it! Depends. I remember having real Christmas trees from childhood, but these days with climate change, I think not chopping down a tree just to decorate it and then throw it out in a month is the more responsible thing to do.	model: Oh same here. I think relaxing at home should be counted among the best ways to enjoy the holidays.	human: Are you doing any home decorating then?	model: I see. Artificial anything is better, from tree to intelligence, huh?	human: Getting better. I just recovered from a cold. I got wet in the rain last week. Are you planning anything for the holidays?	model: Glad to hear you're better. Sorry to hear you were sick. I was sick a couple of weeks ago with a bad cough. There's definitely a bug going around. Admit I just want to stay healthy for the holidays and plan to relax.	human: Definitely! I know a lot of folks travel for the holidays, but I'm happy to stay home myself!	model: Me too. Now I have folks come visit me for the holidays! But that's also tiresome..	human: I see. It's probably also cheaper. I'll buy an artificial one too. Do you have any suggestions for the store?	model: Admit my favorite store is Target, plus they often have good deals.	human: Very well, thanks for asking. How has your day been?
order_shuffle_06	human: Admit my favorite store is Target, plus they often have good deals.	model: Oh, very clever pun! I like it! Depends. I remember having real Christmas trees from childhood, but these days with climate change, I think not chopping down a tree just to decorate it and then throw it out in a month is the more responsible thing to do.	human: Me too. Now I have folks come visit me for the holidays! But that's also tiresome..	model: Oh hello. Long time no talk. How's the day going for yuo?	human: Very well, thanks for asking. How has your day been?	model: I think I'm copying you. Me and my wife plan to decorate and Christmas tree too. We bought most of the decorative stuffs from the stores, but haven't yet to buy the tree.	human: I see. Artificial anything is better, from tree to intelligence, huh?	model: Yes! We set up an eco-friendly (i.e. fake) Christmas tree and put up some colorful LED lights which is very festive.	human: Glad to hear you're better. Sorry to hear you were sick. I was sick a couple of weeks ago with a bad cough. There's definitely a bug going around. Admit I just want to stay healthy for the holidays and plan to relax.	model: I see. It's probably also cheaper. I'll buy an artificial one too. Do you have any suggestions for the store?	human: Are you doing any home decorating then?	model: Buying a tree is a neat experience. I was torn between buying an artificial/eco-friendly/fake one vs. a real one that smells like fresh pine. In the end, we opted for the one that we can disassemble every year.	human: Definitely! I know a lot of folks travel for the holidays, but I'm happy to stay home myself!	model: Getting better. I just recovered from a cold. I got wet in the rain last week. Are you planning anything for the holidays?	human: Oh same here. I think relaxing at home should be counted among the best ways to enjoy the holidays.	model: Hi!	human: I'm getting there. Every year until last year, I tried to go somewhere for the Christmas / New Year, and then I got bored traveling. lol not sure if that means I'm getting old?
order_shuffle_06	human: Oh hello. Long time no talk. How's the day going for yuo?	model: Me too. Now I have folks come visit me for the holidays! But that's also tiresome..	human: Admit my favorite store is Target, plus they often have good deals.	model: Definitely! I know a lot of folks travel for the holidays, but I'm happy to stay home myself!	human: Buying a tree is a neat experience. I was torn between buying an artificial/eco-friendly/fake one vs. a real one that smells like fresh pine. In the end, we opted for the one that we can disassemble every year.	model: I'm getting there. Every year until last year, I tried to go somewhere for the Christmas / New Year, and then I got bored traveling. lol not sure if that means I'm getting old?	human: Are you doing any home decorating then?	model: I see. Artificial anything is better, from tree to intelligence, huh?	human: Hi!	model: Very well, thanks for asking. How has your day been?	human: Yes! We set up an eco-friendly (i.e. fake) Christmas tree and put up some colorful LED lights which is very festive.	model: I think I'm copying you. Me and my wife plan to decorate and Christmas tree too. We bought most of the decorative stuffs from the stores, but haven't yet to buy the tree.	human: Oh same here. I think relaxing at home should be counted among the best ways to enjoy the holidays.	model: Getting better. I just recovered from a cold. I got wet in the rain last week. Are you planning anything for the holidays?	human: I see. It's probably also cheaper. I'll buy an artificial one too. Do you have any suggestions for the store?	model: Glad to hear you're better. Sorry to hear you were sick. I was sick a couple of weeks ago with a bad cough. There's definitely a bug going around. Admit I just want to stay healthy for the holidays and plan to relax.	human: Oh, very clever pun! I like it! Depends. I remember having real Christmas trees from childhood, but these days with climate change, I think not chopping down a tree just to decorate it and then throw it out in a month is the more responsible thing to do.
order_shuffle_06	human: I'm getting there. Every year until last year, I tried to go somewhere for the Christmas / New Year, and then I got bored traveling. lol not sure if that means I'm getting old?	model: Hi!	human: Getting better. I just recovered from a cold. I got wet in the rain last week. Are you planning anything for the holidays?	model: I think I'm copying you. Me and my wife plan to decorate and Christmas tree too. We bought most of the decorative stuffs from the stores, but haven't yet to buy the tree.	human: I see. It's probably also cheaper. I'll buy an artificial one too. Do you have any suggestions for the store?	model: Oh hello. Long time no talk. How's the day going for yuo?	human: Me too. Now I have folks come visit me for the holidays! But that's also tiresome..	model: Definitely! I know a lot of folks travel for the holidays, but I'm happy to stay home myself!	human: Glad to hear you're better. Sorry to hear you were sick. I was sick a couple of weeks ago with a bad cough. There's definitely a bug going around. Admit I just want to stay healthy for the holidays and plan to relax.	model: Buying a tree is a neat experience. I was torn between buying an artificial/eco-friendly/fake one vs. a real one that smells like fresh pine. In the end, we opted for the one that we can disassemble every year.	human: I see. Artificial anything is better, from tree to intelligence, huh?	model: Yes! We set up an eco-friendly (i.e. fake) Christmas tree and put up some colorful LED lights which is very festive.	human: Very well, thanks for asking. How has your day been?	model: Are you doing any home decorating then?	human: Oh, very clever pun! I like it! Depends. I remember having real Christmas trees from childhood, but these days with climate change, I think not chopping down a tree just to decorate it and then throw it out in a month is the more responsible thing to do.	model: Admit my favorite store is Target, plus they often have good deals.	human: Oh same here. I think relaxing at home should be counted among the best ways to enjoy the holidays.
order_shuffle_06	human: Definitely! I know a lot of folks travel for the holidays, but I'm happy to stay home myself!	model: Me too. Now I have folks come visit me for the holidays! But that's also tiresome..	human: Oh hello. Long time no talk. How's the day going for yuo?	model: Buying a tree is a neat experience. I was torn between buying an artificial/eco-friendly/fake one vs. a real one that smells like fresh pine. In the end, we opted for the one that we can disassemble every year.	human: I see. Artificial anything is better, from tree to intelligence, huh?	model: I'm getting there. Every year until last year, I tried to go somewhere for the Christmas / New Year, and then I got bored traveling. lol not sure if that means I'm getting old?	human: Yes! We set up an eco-friendly (i.e. fake) Christmas tree and put up some colorful LED lights which is very festive.	model: Glad to hear you're better. Sorry to hear you were sick. I was sick a couple of weeks ago with a bad cough. There's definitely a bug going around. Admit I just want to stay healthy for the holidays and plan to relax.	human: Very well, thanks for asking. How has your day been?	model: Are you doing any home decorating then?	human: Admit my favorite store is Target, plus they often have good deals.	model: Oh same here. I think relaxing at home should be counted among the best ways to enjoy the holidays.	human: I see. It's probably also cheaper. I'll buy an artificial one too. Do you have any suggestions for the store?	model: I think I'm copying you. Me and my wife plan to decorate and Christmas tree too. We bought most of the decorative stuffs from the stores, but haven't yet to buy the tree.	human: Hi!	model: Getting better. I just recovered from a cold. I got wet in the rain last week. Are you planning anything for the holidays?	human: Oh, very clever pun! I like it! Depends. I remember having real Christmas trees from childhood, but these days with climate change, I think not chopping down a tree just to decorate it and then throw it out in a month is the more responsible thing to do.
order_shuffle_07	human: I love Italian, especially Pasta!	model: it was really fun. I had a great time with my family.	human: Nice! I hope to volunteer to cook for the team in our next team offsite :)	model: hey, what's up?	human: can't wait to try your food. why not cook this Thanksgiving? :)	model: Sure, I will love to invite you and your family for a meal over the holidays. Have you guys made any other plans?	human: Vietnam and Hongkong :) did you go any where last weekend?	model: True! they started with some basic zucchini based dish. We may try cooking some italian dish later this week.	human: I am actually attending cooking classes over the weekends.	model: Hi!	human: ha! that sounds fund. what did you learn?	model: How was the trip last weekend?	human: Nice, what all places did you cover?
order_shuffle_07	human: True! they started with some basic zucchini based dish. We may try cooking some italian dish later this week.	model: Sure, I will love to invite you and your family for a meal over the holidays. Have you guys made any other plans?	human: can't wait to try your food. why not cook this Thanksgiving? :)	model: hey, what's up?	human: Vietnam and Hongkong :) did you go any where last weekend?	model: Nice! I hope to volunteer to cook for the team in our next team offsite :)	human: it was really fun. I had a great time with my family.	model: I am actually attending cooking classes over the weekends.	human: ha! that sounds fund. what did you learn?	model: I love Italian, especially Pasta!	human: Hi!	model: How was the trip last weekend?	human: Nice, what all places did you cover?
order_shuffle_07	human: hey, what's up?	model: True! they started with some basic zucchini based dish. We may try cooking some italian dish later this week.	human: Sure, I will love to invite you and your family for a meal over the holidays. Have you guys made any other plans?	model: Nice, what all places did you cover?	human: Nice! I hope to volunteer to cook for the team in our next team offsite :)	model: Vietnam and Hongkong :) did you go any where last weekend?	human: How was the trip last weekend?	model: Hi!	human: can't wait to try your food. why not cook this Thanksgiving? :)	model: I am actually attending cooking classes over the weekends.	human: ha! that sounds fund. what did you learn?	model: it was really fun. I had a great time with my family.	human: I love Italian, especially Pasta!
order_shuffle_07	human: Sure, I will love to invite you and your family for a meal over the holidays. Have you guys made any other plans?	model: True! they started with some basic zucchini based dish. We may try cooking some italian dish later this week.	human: How was the trip last weekend?	model: hey, what's up?	human: Nice! I hope to volunteer to cook for the team in our next team offsite :)	model: I am actually attending cooking classes over the weekends.	human: Hi!	model: it was really fun. I had a great time with my family.	human: Vietnam and Hongkong :) did you go any where last weekend?	model: can't wait to try your food. why not cook this Thanksgiving? :)	human: Nice, what all places did you cover?	model: ha! that sounds fund. what did you learn?	human: I love Italian, especially Pasta!
order_shuffle_07	human: Nice! I hope to volunteer to cook for the team in our next team offsite :)	model: Nice, what all places did you cover?	human: can't wait to try your food. why not cook this Thanksgiving? :)	model: hey, what's up?	human: I love Italian, especially Pasta!	model: How was the trip last weekend?	human: Sure, I will love to invite you and your family for a meal over the holidays. Have you guys made any other plans?	model: True! they started with some basic zucchini based dish. We may try cooking some italian dish later this week.	human: Hi!	model: Vietnam and Hongkong :) did you go any where last weekend?	human: it was really fun. I had a great time with my family.	model: ha! that sounds fund. what did you learn?	human: I am actually attending cooking classes over the weekends.
order_shuffle_08	human: I haven't Honestly I probably wouldn't be able to identify which sport they played	model: Oh, ML?	human: Having fun, but have a bit of a headache How about you?	model: How's your day going?	human: Hey!	model: Haha, all the animal names confuse me as well! Who came up with these naming conventions? I'd name my team something more original: The New York Chairs!	human: It's the biggest ML conference in the world	model: Hi!	human: Oh wow! Sounds fancy! What is that about?	model: Oh cool! What is "NeurIPS"?	human: Haha, thanks! Never get them, so it's super weird Who's playing?	model: lol, sounds better to me :) I'm actually at the REDACTED_TERM opening remarks	human: I'm good! Just getting ready to watch a basketball game. Hope your headache goes away!	model: Neural Information Processing Systems	human: Hmm, try taking some REDACTED_TERM! I'm going to see the Warriors vs. the Grizzlies. Ever see them play?
order_shuffle_08	human: How's your day going?	model: Having fun, but have a bit of a headache How about you?	human: Neural Information Processing Systems	model: lol, sounds better to me :) I'm actually at the REDACTED_TERM opening remarks	human: Hi!	model: Haha, all the animal names confuse me as well! Who came up with these naming conventions? I'd name my team something more original: The New York Chairs!	human: It's the biggest ML conference in the world	model: I haven't Honestly I probably wouldn't be able to identify which sport they played	human: I'm good! Just getting ready to watch a basketball game. Hope your headache goes away!	model: Haha, thanks! Never get them, so it's super weird Who's playing?	human: Oh, ML?	model: Oh cool! What is "NeurIPS"?	human: Hmm, try taking some REDACTED_TERM! I'm going to see the Warriors vs. the Grizzlies. Ever see them play?	model: Hey!	human: Oh wow! Sounds fancy! What is that about?
order_shuffle_08	human: Haha, thanks! Never get them, so it's super weird Who's playing?	model: lol, sounds better to me :) I'm actually at the REDACTED_TERM opening remarks	human: I haven't Honestly I probably wouldn't be able to identify which sport they played	model: Neural Information Processing Systems	human: It's the biggest ML conference in the world	model: Oh wow! Sounds fancy! What is that about?	human: Haha, all the animal names confuse me as well! Who came up with these naming conventions? I'd name my team something more original: The New York Chairs!	model: Oh, ML?	human: Hey!	model: Hmm, try taking some REDACTED_TERM! I'm going to see the Warriors vs. the Grizzlies. Ever see them play?	human: Having fun, but have a bit of a headache How about you?	model: Oh cool! What is "NeurIPS"?	human: How's your day going?	model: I'm good! Just getting ready to watch a basketball game. Hope your headache goes away!	human: Hi!
order_shuffle_08	human: Hey!	model: Hmm, try taking some REDACTED_TERM! I'm going to see the Warriors vs. the Grizzlies. Ever see them play?	human: Haha, thanks! Never get them, so it's super weird Who's playing?	model: Oh cool! What is "NeurIPS"?	human: I'm good! Just getting ready to watch a basketball game. Hope your headache goes away!	model: Having fun, but have a bit of a headache How about you?	human: It's the biggest ML conference in the world	model: Haha, all the animal names confuse me as well! Who came up with these naming conventions? I'd name my team something more original: The New York Chairs!	human: I haven't Honestly I probably wouldn't be able to identify which sport they played	model: lol, sounds better to me :) I'm actually at the REDACTED_TERM opening remarks	human: Hi!	model: How's your day going?	human: Oh wow! Sounds fancy! What is that about?	model: Oh, ML?	human: Neural Information Processing Systems
order_shuffle_08	human: I'm good! Just getting ready to watch a basketball game. Hope your headache goes away!	model: Haha, all the animal names confuse me as well! Who came up with these naming conventions? I'd name my team something more original: The New York Chairs!	human: How's your day going?	model: Hi!	human: I haven't Honestly I probably wouldn't be able to identify which sport they played	model: It's the biggest ML conference in the world	human: Neural Information Processing Systems	model: Oh wow! Sounds fancy! What is that about?	human: Oh, ML?	model: Haha, thanks! Never get them, so it's super weird Who's playing?	human: Hey!	model: Oh cool! What is "NeurIPS"?	human: lol, sounds better to me :) I'm actually at the REDACTED_TERM opening remarks	model: Hmm, try taking some REDACTED_TERM! I'm going to see the Warriors vs. the Grizzlies. Ever see them play?	human: Having fun, but have a bit of a headache How about you?
order_shuffle_09	human: What are you up to?	model: You're welcome! I hope you feel better soon!	human: Thanks, that means a lot	model: Same, well hardly working	human: Of course! I'm glad I could help!	model: Sleepy, how are you?	human: I'm doing well! I actually got a good night's sleep last night, so that was nice! :D	model: Haha, thank you	human: That's good! I got a good night's sleep too but the rain is keeping me in a sleepy state	model: Aw, sorry to hear that! I'd give you some of mine if I could!	human: Nice! How do you like living there?	model: What part of the world are you in, if you don't mind my asking?	human: Talking to you!	model: Hi! How are you? :)	human: It's nice, I enjoy the warmth	model: Working! How about you?	human: California	model: What about the rest of the day?	human: Hi!
order_shuffle_09	human: Hi!	model: Hi! How are you? :)	human: Of course! I'm glad I could help!	model: Thanks, that means a lot	human: California	model: You're welcome! I hope you feel better soon!	human: What are you up to?	model: Aw, sorry to hear that! I'd give you some of mine if I could!	human: It's nice, I enjoy the warmth	model: Nice! How do you like living there?	human: What about the rest of the day?	model: That's good! I got a good night's sleep too but the rain is keeping me in a sleepy state	human: I'm doing well! I actually got a good night's sleep last night, so that was nice! :D	model: What part of the world are you in, if you don't mind my asking?	human: Sleepy, how are you?	model: Talking to you!	human: Haha, thank you	model: Working! How about you?	human: Same, well hardly working
order_shuffle_09	human: Of course! I'm glad I could help!	model: Haha, thank you	human: Hi! How are you? :)	model: Talking to you!	human: Nice! How do you like living there?	model: Same, well hardly working	human: What are you up to?	model: I'm doing well! I actually got a good night's sleep last night, so that was nice! :D	human: It's nice, I enjoy the warmth	model: Sleepy, how are you?	human: What part of the world are you in, if you don't mind my asking?	model: Hi!	human: You're welcome! I hope you feel better soon!	model: Thanks, that means a lot	human: What about the rest of the day?	model: California	human: That's good! I got a good night's sleep too but the rain is keeping me in a sleepy state	model: Working! How about you?	human: Aw, sorry to hear that! I'd give you some of mine if I could!
order_shuffle_09	human: What are you up to?	model: Nice! How do you like living there?	human: Hi!	model: Of course! I'm glad I could help!	human: That's good! I got a good night's sleep too but the rain is keeping me in a sleepy state	model: Aw, sorry to hear that! I'd give you some of mine if I could!	human: Talking to you!	model: What about the rest of the day?	human: Sleepy, how are you?	model: What part of the world are you in, if you don't mind my asking?	human: Haha, thank you	model: Working! How about you?	human: Same, well hardly working	model: It's nice, I enjoy the warmth	human: California	model: Thanks, that means a lot	human: Hi! How are you? :)	model: I'm doing well! I actually got a good night's sleep last night, so that was nice! :D	human: You're welcome! I hope you feel better soon!
order_shuffle_09	human: Haha, thank you	model: I'm doing well! I actually got a good night's sleep last night, so that was nice! :D	human: Working! How about you?	model: California	human: Hi!	model: What part of the world are you in, if you don't mind my asking?	human: Talking to you!	model: You're welcome! I hope you feel better soon!	human: Same, well hardly working	model: It's nice, I enjoy the warmth	human: That's good! I got a good night's sleep too but the rain is keeping me in a sleepy state	model: Hi! How are you? :)	human: Thanks, that means a lot	model: What are you up to?	human: Sleepy, how are you?	model: What about the rest of the day?	human: Nice! How do you like living there?	model: Aw, sorry to hear that! I'd give you some of mine if I could!	human: Of course! I'm glad I could help!
order_shuffle_10	human: I hope it's a good kind of not doing much!	model: I just need to relax	human: I'm listening to a band called The Devil Wears Prada right now.	model: What are you doing?	human: Hello! How's it going?	model: That's good! What are you up to?	human: It's going pretty well. Thanks for asking.	model: Hi!	human: Well, I hope it's at least fun.	model: never heard about them	human: what kind of music do you like?	model: haha, I don't know about that	human: I'm not doing much today	model: I'm just hanging out and listening to music.	human: Relaxing is good.
order_shuffle_10	human: What are you doing?	model: Hello! How's it going?	human: what kind of music do you like?	model: I hope it's a good kind of not doing much!	human: never heard about them	model: I'm not doing much today	human: Well, I hope it's at least fun.	model: I'm listening to a band called The Devil Wears Prada right now.	human: It's going pretty well. Thanks for asking.	model: Hi!	human: Relaxing is good.	model: That's good! What are you up to?	human: I just need to relax	model: haha, I don't know about that	human: I'm just hanging out and listening to music.
order_shuffle_10	human: I'm just hanging out and listening to music.	model: what kind of music do you like?	human: It's going pretty well. Thanks for asking.	model: haha, I don't know about that	human: I hope it's a good kind of not doing much!	model: Hi!	human: I just need to relax	model: Relaxing is good.	human: I'm listening to a band called The Devil Wears Prada right now.	model: I'm not doing much today	human: That's good! What are you up to?	model: Hello! How's it going?	human: Well, I hope it's at least fun.	model: never heard about them	human: What are you doing?
order_shuffle_10	human: That's good! What are you up to?	model: Well, I hope it's at least fun.	human: I'm not doing much today	model: What are you doing?	human: I hope it's a good kind of not doing much!	model: I'm just hanging out and listening to music.	human: It's going pretty well. Thanks for asking.	model: what kind of music do you like?	human: Hi!	model: Relaxing is good.	human: haha, I don't know about that	model: never heard about them	human: Hello! How's it going?	model: I'm listening to a band called The Devil Wears Prada right now.	human: I just need to relax
order_shuffle_10	human: I hope it's a good kind of not doing much!	model: Hello! How's it going?	human: I'm listening to a band called The Devil Wears Prada right now.	model: never heard about them	human: I'm just hanging out and listening to music.	model: I just need to relax	human: Well, I hope it's at least fun.	model: Hi!	human: what kind of music do you like?	model: haha, I don't know about that	human: Relaxing is good.	model: That's good! What are you up to?	human: It's going pretty well. Thanks for asking.	model: I'm not doing much today	human: What are you doing?
order_shuffle_11	human: Upstate New York. We got a foot of snow every week during my last winter there. I am so glad to not have to shovel snow now	model: Sure hate it! Limits our ability to go out even for a walk! Its good that we don't get to suffer extreme cold weather!	human: Anyways, i guess we should better hurry up to get the goodies. I remember last time they ran out of it.	model: I guess its a jacket! Very much needed that in the cold :)	human: Me too! I moved here a few years ago to get out of the extreme cold. I do not care for bundling up and having to wear so many layers just to go buy eggs at the store.	model: Oh nice! Where did you live before?	human: New york! Nice! Best place to live :) .. right, except for the cold!	model: Hello, how are you doing today?	human: That's such a great idea, especially at this time of the year. I'm not too big a fan of the cold. I prefer warmer climates. Do you enjoy the cold?	model: I heard they are giving out some goodies in microkitchen.	human: Very beautiful during all the seasons but yes, summer and winter can get extreme!	model: Hi!	human: I love pop ups! What kind of goodies are they giving away?
order_shuffle_11	human: I heard they are giving out some goodies in microkitchen.	model: Hi!	human: Hello, how are you doing today?	model: Oh nice! Where did you live before?	human: That's such a great idea, especially at this time of the year. I'm not too big a fan of the cold. I prefer warmer climates. Do you enjoy the cold?	model: Sure hate it! Limits our ability to go out even for a walk! Its good that we don't get to suffer extreme cold weather!	human: New york! Nice! Best place to live :) .. right, except for the cold!	model: Anyways, i guess we should better hurry up to get the goodies. I remember last time they ran out of it.	human: I guess its a jacket! Very much needed that in the cold :)	model: Upstate New York. We got a foot of snow every week during my last winter there. I am so glad to not have to shovel snow now	human: Very beautiful during all the seasons but yes, summer and winter can get extreme!	model: Me too! I moved here a few years ago to get out of the extreme cold. I do not care for bundling up and having to wear so many layers just to go buy eggs at the store.	human: I love pop ups! What kind of goodies are they giving away?
order_shuffle_11	human: Me too! I moved here a few years ago to get out of the extreme cold. I do not care for bundling up and having to wear so many layers just to go buy eggs at the store.	model: I guess its a jacket! Very much needed that in the cold :)	human: I love pop ups! What kind of goodies are they giving away?	model: Hi!	human: Upstate New York. We got a foot of snow every week during my last winter there. I am so glad to not have to shovel snow now	model: Oh nice! Where did you live before?	human: That's such a great idea, especially at this time of the year. I'm not too big a fan of the cold. I prefer warmer climates. Do you enjoy the cold?	model: Sure hate it! Limits our ability to go out even for a walk! Its good that we don't get to suffer extreme cold weather!	human: I heard they are giving out some goodies in microkitchen.	model: Anyways, i guess we should better hurry up to get the goodies. I remember last time they ran out of it.	human: New york! Nice! Best place to live :) .. right, except for the cold!	model: Very beautiful during all the seasons but yes, summer and winter can get extreme!	human: Hello, how are you doing today?
order_shuffle_11	human: I heard they are giving out some goodies in microkitchen.	model: Hi!	human: Me too! I moved here a few years ago to get out of the extreme cold. I do not care for bundling up and having to wear so many layers just to go buy eggs at the store.	model: Hello, how are you doing today?	human: I love pop ups! What kind of goodies are they giving away?	model: That's such a great idea, especially at this time of the year. I'm not too big a fan of the cold. I prefer warmer climates. Do you enjoy the cold?	human: Anyways, i guess we should better hurry up to get the goodies. I remember last time they ran out of it.	model: Upstate New York. We got a foot of snow every week during my last winter there. I am so glad to not have to shovel snow now	human: I guess its a jacket! Very much needed that in the cold :)	model: Sure hate it! Limits our ability to go out even for a walk! Its good that we don't get to suffer extreme cold weather!	human: Oh nice! Where did you live before?	model: Very beautiful during all the seasons but yes, summer and winter can get extreme!	human: New york! Nice! Best place to live :) .. right, except for the cold!
order_shuffle_11	human: That's such a great idea, especially at this time of the year. I'm not too big a fan of the cold. I prefer warmer climates. Do you enjoy the cold?	model: Upstate New York. We got a foot of snow every week during my last winter there. I am so glad to not have to shovel snow now	human: Oh nice! Where did you live before?	model: New york! Nice! Best place to live :) .. right, except for the cold!	human: I guess its a jacket! Very much needed that in the cold :)	model: Hi!	human: I heard they are giving out some goodies in microkitchen.	model: I love pop ups! What kind of goodies are they giving away?	human: Anyways, i guess we should better hurry up to get the goodies. I remember last time they ran out of it.	model: Hello, how are you doing today?	human: Sure hate it! Limits our ability to go out even for a walk! Its good that we don't get to suffer extreme cold weather!	model: Very beautiful during all the seasons but yes, summer and winter can get extreme!	human: Me too! I moved here a few years ago to get out of the extreme cold. I do not care for bundling up and having to wear so many layers just to go buy eggs at the store.
order_shuffle_12	human: I'm a programmer.	model: Yes.	human: Not much. What are you doing?	model: Hi!	human: Just listening to some music. You?	model: Oh cool! Do you like it?	human: I'm at work.	model: What kind of job do you have, if you don't mind me asking?	human: Hi! What's up?
order_shuffle_12	human: Hi!	model: Just listening to some music. You?	human: I'm a programmer.	model: Hi! What's up?	human: Yes.	model: I'm at work.	human: What kind of job do you have, if you don't mind me asking?	model: Oh cool! Do you like it?	human: Not much. What are you doing?
order_shuffle_12	human: Just listening to some music. You?	model: Hi! What's up?	human: Hi!	model: What kind of job do you have, if you don't mind me asking?	human: Yes.	model: Oh cool! Do you like it?	human: Not much. What are you doing?	model: I'm a programmer.	human: I'm at work.
order_shuffle_12	human: I'm a programmer.	model: Yes.	human: Just listening to some music. You?	model: Not much. What are you doing?	human: Hi!	model: What kind of job do you have, if you don't mind me asking?	human: Oh cool! Do you like it?	model: I'm at work.	human: Hi! What's up?
order_shuffle_12	human: Hi! What's up?	model: Not much. What are you doing?	human: I'm a programmer.	model: Yes.	human: I'm at work.	model: Just listening to some music. You?	human: What kind of job do you have, if you don't mind me asking?	model: Oh cool! Do you like it?	human: Hi!
order_shuffle_13	human: Yeah, starting to feel better already. Thanks!	model: Hello! How was your day?	human: It was pretty good, thanks. I thought I was getting a cold but I'm determined to beat it tomorrow.	model: Hi!	human: Oh good! Glad to hear it!	model: Just curious. So you don't get sick a lot?	human: I hope so! Why do you ask?	model: Oh no! I hope you feel better!  	human: Do you have a strong constitution?
order_shuffle_13	human: Hi!	model: Yeah, starting to feel better already. Thanks!	human: It was pretty good, thanks. I thought I was getting a cold but I'm determined to beat it tomorrow.	model: Oh good! Glad to hear it!	human: Do you have a strong constitution?	model: Just curious. So you don't get sick a lot?	human: I hope so! Why do you ask?	model: Oh no! I hope you feel better!  	human: Hello! How was your day?
order_shuffle_13	human: Oh no! I hope you feel better!  	model: Yeah, starting to feel better already. Thanks!	human: Do you have a strong constitution?	model: It was pretty good, thanks. I thought I was getting a cold but I'm determined to beat it tomorrow.	human: Just curious. So you don't get sick a lot?	model: I hope so! Why do you ask?	human: Hi!	model: Oh good! Glad to hear it!	human: Hello! How was your day?
order_shuffle_13	human: Oh no! I hope you feel better!  	model: Do you have a strong constitution?	human: Hi!	model: It was pretty good, thanks. I thought I was getting a cold but I'm determined to beat it tomorrow.	human: Just curious. So you don't get sick a lot?	model: Hello! How was your day?	human: I hope so! Why do you ask?	model: Yeah, starting to feel better already. Thanks!	human: Oh good! Glad to hear it!
order_shuffle_13	human: I hope so! Why do you ask?	model: It was pretty good, thanks. I thought I was getting a cold but I'm determined to beat it tomorrow.	human: Hello! How was your day?	model: Just curious. So you don't get sick a lot?	human: Yeah, starting to feel better already. Thanks!	model: Do you have a strong constitution?	human: Oh good! Glad to hear it!	model: Hi!	human: Oh no! I hope you feel better!  
order_shuffle_14	human: You're welcome! How's your day been?	model: work, I need to finish bunch of stuff before the day ends	human: Hi!	model: going well, trying to move the projects	human: so far so good, couple meetings and coding	model: Sounds like a productive day to me!	human: I agree	model: So how are the meetings going?	human: Hi! How are you doing today?	model: thanks	human: Ah, well good luck with that!	model: Busy but good. What are you busy with?	human: Very busy and you?
order_shuffle_14	human: so far so good, couple meetings and coding	model: Hi!	human: Hi! How are you doing today?	model: Very busy and you?	human: Busy but good. What are you busy with?	model: thanks	human: work, I need to finish bunch of stuff before the day ends	model: Ah, well good luck with that!	human: I agree	model: You're welcome! How's your day been?	human: going well, trying to move the projects	model: So how are the meetings going?	human: Sounds like a productive day to me!
order_shuffle_14	human: You're welcome! How's your day been?	model: Busy but good. What are you busy with?	human: Hi!	model: Hi! How are you doing today?	human: thanks	model: Ah, well good luck with that!	human: I agree	model: Sounds like a productive day to me!	human: going well, trying to move the projects	model: work, I need to finish bunch of stuff before the day ends	human: so far so good, couple meetings and coding	model: So how are the meetings going?	human: Very busy and you?
order_shuffle_14	human: Busy but good. What are you busy with?	model: So how are the meetings going?	human: Sounds like a productive day to me!	model: thanks	human: I agree	model: Ah, well good luck with that!	human: work, I need to finish bunch of stuff before the day ends	model: so far so good, couple meetings and coding	human: Hi! How are you doing today?	model: You're welcome! How's your day been?	human: Very busy and you?	model: Hi!	human: going well, trying to move the projects
order_shuffle_14	human: So how are the meetings going?	model: so far so good, couple meetings and coding	human: Hi! How are you doing today?	model: You're welcome! How's your day been?	human: Busy but good. What are you busy with?	model: Sounds like a productive day to me!	human: Hi!	model: Ah, well good luck with that!	human: I agree	model: thanks	human: going well, trying to move the projects	model: Very busy and you?	human: work, I need to finish bunch of stuff before the day ends
order_shuffle_15	human: Yes, but I'm terrible at it. It's fun to play anything with friends, I think. Would you prefer to exercise with a group, or by yourself, do you think?	model: Yes! There are a lot of really great games on the Switch. Two of my favorites are Octopath Traveler and Fire Emblem. Do you play a lot of video games?	human: I'm thinking about getting a Switch, would you recommend it?	model: I'm not much of a gamer but it's something I'd like to get into.	human: Hi! Sorry for the late response. How are you doing?	model: Hi!	human: What do you do in your free time?	model: I think playing a team sport would be fun if it's casual but I primarily run by myself if I exercise. I also got the Ring Fit adventure game on the switch recently. It's basically a game-ified way to exercise	human: I like to read for fun. I just finished a book called Temeraire. It's an adventure story set in the Napoleonic navy, like Patrick O'Brien, except there are dragons too.	model: I just got a matcha latte :) Doing some work at my desk. Do you play soccer often? I'm trying to get into doing a regular physical activity	human: I'm great, thanks! I'm meeting some friends for a soccer game soon. What about you?	model: What's the most recent good thing you read?	human: Oh cool! I read a lot for fun too :) My favorite genre is sci-fi fantasy.
order_shuffle_15	human: Hi! Sorry for the late response. How are you doing?	model: I'm not much of a gamer but it's something I'd like to get into.	human: I think playing a team sport would be fun if it's casual but I primarily run by myself if I exercise. I also got the Ring Fit adventure game on the switch recently. It's basically a game-ified way to exercise	model: I like to read for fun. I just finished a book called Temeraire. It's an adventure story set in the Napoleonic navy, like Patrick O'Brien, except there are dragons too.	human: Yes! There are a lot of really great games on the Switch. Two of my favorites are Octopath Traveler and Fire Emblem. Do you play a lot of video games?	model: I'm great, thanks! I'm meeting some friends for a soccer game soon. What about you?	human: I just got a matcha latte :) Doing some work at my desk. Do you play soccer often? I'm trying to get into doing a regular physical activity	model: Hi!	human: Yes, but I'm terrible at it. It's fun to play anything with friends, I think. Would you prefer to exercise with a group, or by yourself, do you think?	model: What's the most recent good thing you read?	human: What do you do in your free time?	model: I'm thinking about getting a Switch, would you recommend it?	human: Oh cool! I read a lot for fun too :) My favorite genre is sci-fi fantasy.
order_shuffle_15	human: I like to read for fun. I just finished a book called Temeraire. It's an adventure story set in the Napoleonic navy, like Patrick O'Brien, except there are dragons too.	model: What's the most recent good thing you read?	human: What do you do in your free time?	model: I think playing a team sport would be fun if it's casual but I primarily run by myself if I exercise. I also got the Ring Fit adventure game on the switch recently. It's basically a game-ified way to exercise	human: Hi!	model: Oh cool! I read a lot for fun too :) My favorite genre is sci-fi fantasy.	human: I just got a matcha latte :) Doing some work at my desk. Do you play soccer often? I'm trying to get into doing a regular physical activity	model: Yes, but I'm terrible at it. It's fun to play anything with friends, I think. Would you prefer to exercise with a group, or by yourself, do you think?	human: I'm great, thanks! I'm meeting some friends for a soccer game soon. What about you?	model: Yes! There are a lot of really great games on the Switch. Two of my favorites are Octopath Traveler and Fire Emblem. Do you play a lot of video games?	human: Hi! Sorry for the late response. How are you doing?	model: I'm not much of a gamer but it's something I'd like to get into.	human: I'm thinking about getting a Switch, would you recommend it?
order_shuffle_15	human: Yes! There are a lot of really great games on the Switch. Two of my favorites are Octopath Traveler and Fire Emblem. Do you play a lot of video games?	model: I think playing a team sport would be fun if it's casual but I primarily run by myself if I exercise. I also got the Ring Fit adventure game on the switch recently. It's basically a game-ified way to exercise	human: Yes, but I'm terrible at it. It's fun to play anything with friends, I think. Would you prefer to exercise with a group, or by yourself, do you think?	model: Oh cool! I read a lot for fun too :) My favorite genre is sci-fi fantasy.	human: Hi! Sorry for the late response. How are you doing?	model: What's the most recent good thing you read?	human: I'm great, thanks! I'm meeting some friends for a soccer game soon. What about you?	model: Hi!	human: I like to read for fun. I just finished a book called Temeraire. It's an adventure story set in the Napoleonic navy, like Patrick O'Brien, except there are dragons too.	model: What do you do in your free time?	human: I'm thinking about getting a Switch, would you recommend it?	model: I just got a matcha latte :) Doing some work at my desk. Do you play soccer often? I'm trying to get into doing a regular physical activity	human: I'm not much of a gamer but it's something I'd like to get into.
order_shuffle_15	human: Hi! Sorry for the late response. How are you doing?	model: What's the most recent good thing you read?	human: I just got a matcha latte :) Doing some work at my desk. Do you play soccer often? I'm trying to get into doing a regular physical activity	model: I think playing a team sport would be fun if it's casual but I primarily run by myself if I exercise. I also got the Ring Fit adventure game on the switch recently. It's basically a game-ified way to exercise	human: Yes, but I'm terrible at it. It's fun to play anything with friends, I think. Would you prefer to exercise with a group, or by yourself, do you think?	model: I'm thinking about getting a Switch, would you recommend it?	human: What do you do in your free time?	model: Yes! There are a lot of really great games on the Switch. Two of my favorites are Octopath Traveler and Fire Emblem. Do you play a lot of video games?	human: I'm great, thanks! I'm meeting some friends for a soccer game soon. What about you?	model: I'm not much of a gamer but it's something I'd like to get into.	human: Hi!	model: Oh cool! I read a lot for fun too :) My favorite genre is sci-fi fantasy.	human: I like to read for fun. I just finished a book called Temeraire. It's an adventure story set in the Napoleonic navy, like Patrick O'Brien, except there are dragons too.
order_shuffle_16	human: Nope, that would be extreme. May be just putting some balance between the two options.	model: Hi	human: True about that! I also think time helps to heal certain situations. So may be doing nothing is the best way forward.	model: Sure, whats the scenario?	human: People always say to find a balance but never say what the balance is. It's used so often that it's vacuous.	model: Okay...so I need someone to help me though a scenario I've been pondering.	human: I hope they do. Getting older already means smaller circles. It sucks to lose friends for arbitrary reasons. That's good advice though. I fear raising the issue might sound like treason. Lol.	model: That's a tough scenario to be in :) I firmly believe in talking this through with your partner. Though i don't know the specifics of why things went bad between your partner and his friend, but I believe things can always improve between friends.	human: Right, I guess that's because there is no one answer to this. It depends on what you value more and some factors around you. Also, life won't be interesting if others are figuring things out for you ;)	model: Lol. I'm finna be single.	human: Hi!	model: AKA avoiding all texts from everyone?	human: My partner's former friend invited me for lunch (they are not in good books right now). But during their friendship I formed an independent bond with the other person because we all used to hang out a lot. Now I feel like I have to take sides.
order_shuffle_16	human: Right, I guess that's because there is no one answer to this. It depends on what you value more and some factors around you. Also, life won't be interesting if others are figuring things out for you ;)	model: Hi	human: Sure, whats the scenario?	model: That's a tough scenario to be in :) I firmly believe in talking this through with your partner. Though i don't know the specifics of why things went bad between your partner and his friend, but I believe things can always improve between friends.	human: AKA avoiding all texts from everyone?	model: Okay...so I need someone to help me though a scenario I've been pondering.	human: My partner's former friend invited me for lunch (they are not in good books right now). But during their friendship I formed an independent bond with the other person because we all used to hang out a lot. Now I feel like I have to take sides.	model: I hope they do. Getting older already means smaller circles. It sucks to lose friends for arbitrary reasons. That's good advice though. I fear raising the issue might sound like treason. Lol.	human: True about that! I also think time helps to heal certain situations. So may be doing nothing is the best way forward.	model: Hi!	human: Nope, that would be extreme. May be just putting some balance between the two options.	model: People always say to find a balance but never say what the balance is. It's used so often that it's vacuous.	human: Lol. I'm finna be single.
order_shuffle_16	human: True about that! I also think time helps to heal certain situations. So may be doing nothing is the best way forward.	model: People always say to find a balance but never say what the balance is. It's used so often that it's vacuous.	human: I hope they do. Getting older already means smaller circles. It sucks to lose friends for arbitrary reasons. That's good advice though. I fear raising the issue might sound like treason. Lol.	model: AKA avoiding all texts from everyone?	human: Sure, whats the scenario?	model: Okay...so I need someone to help me though a scenario I've been pondering.	human: Hi	model: My partner's former friend invited me for lunch (they are not in good books right now). But during their friendship I formed an independent bond with the other person because we all used to hang out a lot. Now I feel like I have to take sides.	human: Nope, that would be extreme. May be just putting some balance between the two options.	model: Right, I guess that's because there is no one answer to this. It depends on what you value more and some factors around you. Also, life won't be interesting if others are figuring things out for you ;)	human: Hi!	model: That's a tough scenario to be in :) I firmly believe in talking this through with your partner. Though i don't know the specifics of why things went bad between your partner and his friend, but I believe things can always improve between friends.	human: Lol. I'm finna be single.
order_shuffle_16	human: Hi!	model: That's a tough scenario to be in :) I firmly believe in talking this through with your partner. Though i don't know the specifics of why things went bad between your partner and his friend, but I believe things can always improve between friends.	human: My partner's former friend invited me for lunch (they are not in good books right now). But during their friendship I formed an independent bond with the other person because we all used to hang out a lot. Now I feel like I have to take sides.	model: True about that! I also think time helps to heal certain situations. So may be doing nothing is the best way forward.	human: AKA avoiding all texts from everyone?	model: People always say to find a balance but never say what the balance is. It's used so often that it's vacuous.	human: Sure, whats the scenario?	model: I hope they do. Getting older already means smaller circles. It sucks to lose friends for arbitrary reasons. That's good advice though. I fear raising the issue might sound like treason. Lol.	human: Nope, that would be extreme. May be just putting some balance between the two options.	model: Right, I guess that's because there is no one answer to this. It depends on what you value more and some factors around you. Also, life won't be interesting if others are figuring things out for you ;)	human: Hi	model: Lol. I'm finna be single.	human: Okay...so I need someone to help me though a scenario I've been pondering.
order_shuffle_16	human: AKA avoiding all texts from everyone?	model: Sure, whats the scenario?	human: Okay...so I need someone to help me though a scenario I've been pondering.	model: Hi	human: Lol. I'm finna be single.	model: True about that! I also think time helps to heal certain situations. So may be doing nothing is the best way forward.	human: People always say to find a balance but never say what the balance is. It's used so often that it's vacuous.	model: Right, I guess that's because there is no one answer to this. It depends on what you value more and some factors around you. Also, life won't be interesting if others are figuring things out for you ;)	human: My partner's former friend invited me for lunch (they are not in good books right now). But during their friendship I formed an independent bond with the other person because we all used to hang out a lot. Now I feel like I have to take sides.	model: Nope, that would be extreme. May be just putting some balance between the two options.	human: Hi!	model: I hope they do. Getting older already means smaller circles. It sucks to lose friends for arbitrary reasons. That's good advice though. I fear raising the issue might sound like treason. Lol.	human: That's a tough scenario to be in :) I firmly believe in talking this through with your partner. Though i don't know the specifics of why things went bad between your partner and his friend, but I believe things can always improve between friends.
order_shuffle_17	human: Nice! Lotus looks pretty cool and It has some delightful vibe. So what is this research about?	model: Hi!	human: Oh, it's not research! Just a personal theory. I think that flower preferences are more revealing of personality than people appreciate.	model: Ok, step 1 is, you ask someone what their favourite flower is. Pretty much like what we just did. Does that make sense so far?	human: The gerbera. It's like a cartoon flower. As if you drew "flower" with a crayon and then it came to life.	model: yes	human: Interesting! Whats your favorite flower?	model: hmm, I haven't thought about that much, but i think lotus should be one of my favorites. Why do you ask?	human: I'm working on a theory. Why does the lotus spring to mind?	model: Do you have a favourite flower?	human: Cool. Step 2: talk with the person some more, and ask them some more questions, and gradually develop a sense of what they're like, over the course of maybe two to five years. And voila	model: Nice, i would love know more about your theory. Like how you can deduce personality from flower preference.	human: Hello
order_shuffle_17	human: Interesting! Whats your favorite flower?	model: Do you have a favourite flower?	human: Ok, step 1 is, you ask someone what their favourite flower is. Pretty much like what we just did. Does that make sense so far?	model: The gerbera. It's like a cartoon flower. As if you drew "flower" with a crayon and then it came to life.	human: Hello	model: Nice, i would love know more about your theory. Like how you can deduce personality from flower preference.	human: hmm, I haven't thought about that much, but i think lotus should be one of my favorites. Why do you ask?	model: yes	human: Hi!	model: Nice! Lotus looks pretty cool and It has some delightful vibe. So what is this research about?	human: Cool. Step 2: talk with the person some more, and ask them some more questions, and gradually develop a sense of what they're like, over the course of maybe two to five years. And voila	model: I'm working on a theory. Why does the lotus spring to mind?	human: Oh, it's not research! Just a personal theory. I think that flower preferences are more revealing of personality than people appreciate.
order_shuffle_17	human: The gerbera. It's like a cartoon flower. As if you drew "flower" with a crayon and then it came to life.	model: Oh, it's not research! Just a personal theory. I think that flower preferences are more revealing of personality than people appreciate.	human: Hello	model: hmm, I haven't thought about that much, but i think lotus should be one of my favorites. Why do you ask?	human: Do you have a favourite flower?	model: Hi!	human: Nice, i would love know more about your theory. Like how you can deduce personality from flower preference.	model: Cool. Step 2: talk with the person some more, and ask them some more questions, and gradually develop a sense of what they're like, over the course of maybe two to five years. And voila	human: Interesting! Whats your favorite flower?	model: Ok, step 1 is, you ask someone what their favourite flower is. Pretty much like what we just did. Does that make sense so far?	human: I'm working on a theory. Why does the lotus spring to mind?	model: Nice! Lotus looks pretty cool and It has some delightful vibe. So what is this research about?	human: yes
order_shuffle_17	human: hmm, I haven't thought about that much, but i think lotus should be one of my favorites. Why do you ask?	model: Hello	human: Interesting! Whats your favorite flower?	model: I'm working on a theory. Why does the lotus spring to mind?	human: Ok, step 1 is, you ask someone what their favourite flower is. Pretty much like what we just did. Does that make sense so far?	model: The gerbera. It's like a cartoon flower. As if you drew "flower" with a crayon and then it came to life.	human: yes	model: Nice! Lotus looks pretty cool and It has some delightful vibe. So what is this research about?	human: Oh, it's not research! Just a personal theory. I think that flower preferences are more revealing of personality than people appreciate.	model: Nice, i would love know more about your theory. Like how you can deduce personality from flower preference.	human: Cool. Step 2: talk with the person some more, and ask them some more questions, and gradually develop a sense of what they're like, over the course of maybe two to five years. And voila	model: Do you have a favourite flower?	human: Hi!
order_shuffle_17	human: Hi!	model: Interesting! Whats your favorite flower?	human: Cool. Step 2: talk with the person some more, and ask them some more questions, and gradually develop a sense of what they're like, over the course of maybe two to five years. And voila	model: hmm, I haven't thought about that much, but i think lotus should be one of my favorites. Why do you ask?	human: Hello	model: Nice! Lotus looks pretty cool and It has some delightful vibe. So what is this research about?	human: The gerbera. It's like a cartoon flower. As if you drew "flower" with a crayon and then it came to life.	model: Nice, i would love know more about your theory. Like how you can deduce personality from flower preference.	human: I'm working on a theory. Why does the lotus spring to mind?	model: Ok, step 1 is, you ask someone what their favourite flower is. Pretty much like what we just did. Does that make sense so far?	human: Do you have a favourite flower?	model: Oh, it's not research! Just a personal theory. I think that flower preferences are more revealing of personality than people appreciate.	human: yes
order_shuffle_18	human: ziplining?	model: Hi!	human: sure. are you just going home now?	model: no, i'm going to get a massage first	human: nice. what type?	model: i have a couple years ago. it's quite a unique experience	human: Hey sup	model: i forgot where it was, it wasn't local i don't think though	human: that's the one! have you ever tried it?	model: I'm going to try that thing where you hang from a wire as you go down. do you know what is it called?	human: traditional kind	model: you should! it's relaxing after a long day. talk to you later!	human: where did you do it?	model: yeah I want to get one too soon	human: not much. any plans this weekend?	model: that's a hard question and i'm tired so i'm going to go. see you	human: no worries. what's the most exciting thing you ever done?
order_shuffle_18	human: no worries. what's the most exciting thing you ever done?	model: traditional kind	human: Hi!	model: i have a couple years ago. it's quite a unique experience	human: ziplining?	model: Hey sup	human: yeah I want to get one too soon	model: that's a hard question and i'm tired so i'm going to go. see you	human: not much. any plans this weekend?	model: where did you do it?	human: you should! it's relaxing after a long day. talk to you later!	model: that's the one! have you ever tried it?	human: I'm going to try that thing where you hang from a wire as you go down. do you know what is it called?	model: sure. are you just going home now?	human: nice. what type?	model: no, i'm going to get a massage first	human: i forgot where it was, it wasn't local i don't think though
order_shuffle_18	human: i forgot where it was, it wasn't local i don't think though	model: yeah I want to get one too soon	human: ziplining?	model: you should! it's relaxing after a long day. talk to you later!	human: Hi!	model: nice. what type?	human: i have a couple years ago. it's quite a unique experience	model: that's the one! have you ever tried it?	human: traditional kind	model: I'm going to try that thing where you hang from a wire as you go down. do you know what is it called?	human: Hey sup	model: no, i'm going to get a massage first	human: not much. any plans this weekend?	model: sure. are you just going home now?	human: that's a hard question and i'm tired so i'm going to go. see you	model: where did you do it?	human: no worries. what's the most exciting thing you ever done?
order_shuffle_18	human: you should! it's relaxing after a long day. talk to you later!	model: i forgot where it was, it wasn't local i don't think though	human: yeah I want to get one too soon	model: that's a hard question and i'm tired so i'm going to go. see you	human: i have a couple years ago. it's quite a unique experience	model: I'm going to try that thing where you hang from a wire as you go down. do you know what is it called?	human: sure. are you just going home now?	model: Hi!	human: that's the one! have you ever tried it?	model: where did you do it?	human: no, i'm going to get a massage first	model: ziplining?	human: Hey sup	model: traditional kind	human: no worries. what's the most exciting thing you ever done?	model: nice. what type?	human: not much. any plans this weekend?
order_shuffle_18	human: i forgot where it was, it wasn't local i don't think though	model: yeah I want to get one too soon	human: no worries. what's the most exciting thing you ever done?	model: traditional kind	human: that's a hard question and i'm tired so i'm going to go. see you	model: Hey sup	human: i have a couple years ago. it's quite a unique experience	model: I'm going to try that thing where you hang from a wire as you go down. do you know what is it called?	human: no, i'm going to get a massage first	model: that's the one! have you ever tried it?	human: Hi!	model: not much. any plans this weekend?	human: sure. are you just going home now?	model: nice. what type?	human: ziplining?	model: you should! it's relaxing after a long day. talk to you later!	human: where did you do it?
order_shuffle_19	human: Yes. I'm feeling a little trepidatious. Have you done it before?	model: Hi!	human: ooh, nice. That sounds adventurous. Where is it?	model: I'm great, thanks. I'm getting ready for a skydiving lesson.	human: Right near my home town: Seville, Spain.	model: Awesome! Is this the first time you are diving?	human: Hey, how are you doing?
order_shuffle_19	human: Right near my home town: Seville, Spain.	model: Yes. I'm feeling a little trepidatious. Have you done it before?	human: Awesome! Is this the first time you are diving?	model: Hey, how are you doing?	human: Hi!	model: I'm great, thanks. I'm getting ready for a skydiving lesson.	human: ooh, nice. That sounds adventurous. Where is it?
order_shuffle_19	human: Hi!	model: Yes. I'm feeling a little trepidatious. Have you done it before?	human: Awesome! Is this the first time you are diving?	model: Right near my home town: Seville, Spain.	human: Hey, how are you doing?	model: I'm great, thanks. I'm getting ready for a skydiving lesson.	human: ooh, nice. That sounds adventurous. Where is it?
order_shuffle_19	human: ooh, nice. That sounds adventurous. Where is it?	model: Yes. I'm feeling a little trepidatious. Have you done it before?	human: I'm great, thanks. I'm getting ready for a skydiving lesson.	model: Right near my home town: Seville, Spain.	human: Awesome! Is this the first time you are diving?	model: Hey, how are you doing?	human: Hi!
order_shuffle_19	human: Yes. I'm feeling a little trepidatious. Have you done it before?	model: ooh, nice. That sounds adventurous. Where is it?	human: Hey, how are you doing?	model: Right near my home town: Seville, Spain.	human: Hi!	model: I'm great, thanks. I'm getting ready for a skydiving lesson.	human: Awesome! Is this the first time you are diving?
order_shuffle_20	human: It's really warm and dry right now.	model: Not really. Just relaxing.	human: what's the weather like there rn?	model: Hi!	human: I hear you have great bbq	model: Hey there! How are you?	human: where are you?	model: I'm in Arizona.	human: doing good. how are you today	model: I'm doing well!	human: anything good happened today?
order_shuffle_20	human: doing good. how are you today	model: Hi!	human: I'm doing well!	model: what's the weather like there rn?	human: where are you?	model: It's really warm and dry right now.	human: Not really. Just relaxing.	model: I'm in Arizona.	human: I hear you have great bbq	model: anything good happened today?	human: Hey there! How are you?
order_shuffle_20	human: doing good. how are you today	model: anything good happened today?	human: I hear you have great bbq	model: Hey there! How are you?	human: Not really. Just relaxing.	model: I'm in Arizona.	human: where are you?	model: I'm doing well!	human: It's really warm and dry right now.	model: what's the weather like there rn?	human: Hi!
order_shuffle_20	human: anything good happened today?	model: what's the weather like there rn?	human: doing good. how are you today	model: Hey there! How are you?	human: I'm doing well!	model: It's really warm and dry right now.	human: I hear you have great bbq	model: where are you?	human: I'm in Arizona.	model: Hi!	human: Not really. Just relaxing.
order_shuffle_20	human: Not really. Just relaxing.	model: Hey there! How are you?	human: where are you?	model: I'm doing well!	human: I hear you have great bbq	model: I'm in Arizona.	human: doing good. how are you today	model: It's really warm and dry right now.	human: Hi!	model: anything good happened today?	human: what's the weather like there rn?
order_shuffle_21	human: Wow! Sounds amazing if we practice that! I think the idea does have some potential. How did you come up with this idea?	model: 1. stay happy; I think family and friends play a big role here. 2. Meaningful work life; this may mean exploring around with new stuff 3. multiple hobbies that keep you busy ... so on :) What about you? is there a right answer to this? :)	human: Thats great! This is valuable help for the community. I think mental health is one of the bigger challenges facing humanity. 	model: Great! Good idea to help people figuring out their new year resolutions :) So how do i get a fresher outlook? :)	human: That is actually a quote stolen from my TL when i joined my first company after graduation. I guess now after 5 yrs of work experience, I fully agree with it :)	model: I normally don't reflect back too much on things, but i guess 2019 have been very favorable for me in terms of time spent with family and friends and work life balance. Why do you ask?	human:  1) The idea of what it must be like to be "on Earth as it is in Heaven" from the Lord's prayer. I feel like we were designed for a purpose, rather than random chance. A more concrete way to put it is simply show love to the greatest capacity we can. 2) Taking care of myself physically, mentally, spiritually. 3) Family 4) Work 5) Music	model: I just released a book on REDACTED_TERM to help people process the past 12 months and start the new year with a fresh outlook :)	human: Well, in my book, I took inspiration for the 24 days of Advent, and put together a workbook that you fill out each day for 24 days. It goes through accomplishments, passions, understanding, forgiveness, with each day a different theme.	model: Hi!	human: Nice! That's very thoughtful and spiritual :) Also music earned a spot :) yay!	model: I think if we were all able to bring out our best selves, the world would be much better. When did you first realize mental health was important?	human: We created a scholarship for leaders from REDACTED_TERM to visit an international institute at REDACTED_TERM for which there was no African representation. During the program, we also did a lot of coaching with the young leaders. This book captures a bit of that journey that we are all on, and also all the proceeds are going to fund next year's cohort. 	model: What was the most difficult thing you experienced this past year?	human: What do you prioritize in your life? Like top 5 things?
order_shuffle_21	human:  1) The idea of what it must be like to be "on Earth as it is in Heaven" from the Lord's prayer. I feel like we were designed for a purpose, rather than random chance. A more concrete way to put it is simply show love to the greatest capacity we can. 2) Taking care of myself physically, mentally, spiritually. 3) Family 4) Work 5) Music	model: Thats great! This is valuable help for the community. I think mental health is one of the bigger challenges facing humanity. 	human: I think if we were all able to bring out our best selves, the world would be much better. When did you first realize mental health was important?	model: Great! Good idea to help people figuring out their new year resolutions :) So how do i get a fresher outlook? :)	human: What do you prioritize in your life? Like top 5 things?	model: I just released a book on REDACTED_TERM to help people process the past 12 months and start the new year with a fresh outlook :)	human: 1. stay happy; I think family and friends play a big role here. 2. Meaningful work life; this may mean exploring around with new stuff 3. multiple hobbies that keep you busy ... so on :) What about you? is there a right answer to this? :)	model: I normally don't reflect back too much on things, but i guess 2019 have been very favorable for me in terms of time spent with family and friends and work life balance. Why do you ask?	human: Wow! Sounds amazing if we practice that! I think the idea does have some potential. How did you come up with this idea?	model: Nice! That's very thoughtful and spiritual :) Also music earned a spot :) yay!	human: What was the most difficult thing you experienced this past year?	model: Well, in my book, I took inspiration for the 24 days of Advent, and put together a workbook that you fill out each day for 24 days. It goes through accomplishments, passions, understanding, forgiveness, with each day a different theme.	human: Hi!	model: That is actually a quote stolen from my TL when i joined my first company after graduation. I guess now after 5 yrs of work experience, I fully agree with it :)	human: We created a scholarship for leaders from REDACTED_TERM to visit an international institute at REDACTED_TERM for which there was no African representation. During the program, we also did a lot of coaching with the young leaders. This book captures a bit of that journey that we are all on, and also all the proceeds are going to fund next year's cohort. 
order_shuffle_21	human: Great! Good idea to help people figuring out their new year resolutions :) So how do i get a fresher outlook? :)	model: I just released a book on REDACTED_TERM to help people process the past 12 months and start the new year with a fresh outlook :)	human: Hi!	model: Nice! That's very thoughtful and spiritual :) Also music earned a spot :) yay!	human: What do you prioritize in your life? Like top 5 things?	model: What was the most difficult thing you experienced this past year?	human:  1) The idea of what it must be like to be "on Earth as it is in Heaven" from the Lord's prayer. I feel like we were designed for a purpose, rather than random chance. A more concrete way to put it is simply show love to the greatest capacity we can. 2) Taking care of myself physically, mentally, spiritually. 3) Family 4) Work 5) Music	model: I normally don't reflect back too much on things, but i guess 2019 have been very favorable for me in terms of time spent with family and friends and work life balance. Why do you ask?	human: That is actually a quote stolen from my TL when i joined my first company after graduation. I guess now after 5 yrs of work experience, I fully agree with it :)	model: Wow! Sounds amazing if we practice that! I think the idea does have some potential. How did you come up with this idea?	human: 1. stay happy; I think family and friends play a big role here. 2. Meaningful work life; this may mean exploring around with new stuff 3. multiple hobbies that keep you busy ... so on :) What about you? is there a right answer to this? :)	model: We created a scholarship for leaders from REDACTED_TERM to visit an international institute at REDACTED_TERM for which there was no African representation. During the program, we also did a lot of coaching with the young leaders. This book captures a bit of that journey that we are all on, and also all the proceeds are going to fund next year's cohort. 	human: Thats great! This is valuable help for the community. I think mental health is one of the bigger challenges facing humanity. 	model: I think if we were all able to bring out our best selves, the world would be much better. When did you first realize mental health was important?	human: Well, in my book, I took inspiration for the 24 days of Advent, and put together a workbook that you fill out each day for 24 days. It goes through accomplishments, passions, understanding, forgiveness, with each day a different theme.
order_shuffle_21	human: 1. stay happy; I think family and friends play a big role here. 2. Meaningful work life; this may mean exploring around with new stuff 3. multiple hobbies that keep you busy ... so on :) What about you? is there a right answer to this? :)	model: We created a scholarship for leaders from REDACTED_TERM to visit an international institute at REDACTED_TERM for which there was no African representation. During the program, we also did a lot of coaching with the young leaders. This book captures a bit of that journey that we are all on, and also all the proceeds are going to fund next year's cohort. 	human: Hi!	model: What was the most difficult thing you experienced this past year?	human: Well, in my book, I took inspiration for the 24 days of Advent, and put together a workbook that you fill out each day for 24 days. It goes through accomplishments, passions, understanding, forgiveness, with each day a different theme.	model: What do you prioritize in your life? Like top 5 things?	human: I normally don't reflect back too much on things, but i guess 2019 have been very favorable for me in terms of time spent with family and friends and work life balance. Why do you ask?	model: That is actually a quote stolen from my TL when i joined my first company after graduation. I guess now after 5 yrs of work experience, I fully agree with it :)	human: Great! Good idea to help people figuring out their new year resolutions :) So how do i get a fresher outlook? :)	model: Nice! That's very thoughtful and spiritual :) Also music earned a spot :) yay!	human: Thats great! This is valuable help for the community. I think mental health is one of the bigger challenges facing humanity. 	model: Wow! Sounds amazing if we practice that! I think the idea does have some potential. How did you come up with this idea?	human: I just released a book on REDACTED_TERM to help people process the past 12 months and start the new year with a fresh outlook :)	model:  1) The idea of what it must be like to be "on Earth as it is in Heaven" from the Lord's prayer. I feel like we were designed for a purpose, rather than random chance. A more concrete way to put it is simply show love to the greatest capacity we can. 2) Taking care of myself physically, mentally, spiritually. 3) Family 4) Work 5) Music	human: I think if we were all able to bring out our best selves, the world would be much better. When did you first realize mental health was important?
order_shuffle_21	human: That is actually a quote stolen from my TL when i joined my first company after graduation. I guess now after 5 yrs of work experience, I fully agree with it :)	model: Hi!	human: 1. stay happy; I think family and friends play a big role here. 2. Meaningful work life; this may mean exploring around with new stuff 3. multiple hobbies that keep you busy ... so on :) What about you? is there a right answer to this? :)	model: Wow! Sounds amazing if we practice that! I think the idea does have some potential. How did you come up with this idea?	human: Nice! That's very thoughtful and spiritual :) Also music earned a spot :) yay!	model:  1) The idea of what it must be like to be "on Earth as it is in Heaven" from the Lord's prayer. I feel like we were designed for a purpose, rather than random chance. A more concrete way to put it is simply show love to the greatest capacity we can. 2) Taking care of myself physically, mentally, spiritually. 3) Family 4) Work 5) Music	human: I just released a book on REDACTED_TERM to help people process the past 12 months and start the new year with a fresh outlook :)	model: Great! Good idea to help people figuring out their new year resolutions :) So how do i get a fresher outlook? :)	human: Thats great! This is valuable help for the community. I think mental health is one of the bigger challenges facing humanity. 	model: What do you prioritize in your life? Like top 5 things?	human: I normally don't reflect back too much on things, but i guess 2019 have been very favorable for me in terms of time spent with family and friends and work life balance. Why do you ask?	model: We created a scholarship for leaders from REDACTED_TERM to visit an international institute at REDACTED_TERM for which there was no African representation. During the program, we also did a lot of coaching with the young leaders. This book captures a bit of that journey that we are all on, and also all the proceeds are going to fund next year's cohort. 	human: I think if we were all able to bring out our best selves, the world would be much better. When did you first realize mental health was important?	model: What was the most difficult thing you experienced this past year?	human: Well, in my book, I took inspiration for the 24 days of Advent, and put together a workbook that you fill out each day for 24 days. It goes through accomplishments, passions, understanding, forgiveness, with each day a different theme.
order_shuffle_22	human: I think so! I haven't finished it yet though Understanding sleep better has been helping me value it more and I've been sleeping a lot earlier Have you read any good books recently?	model: I was just reading a book actually How about you?	human: I read lots of papers, but do poorly on books :( a recent book that I like is Zero to One by Peter Thiel	model: it's about startups, lots of useful principles and philosophies for innovation, like being a contrarian	human: I'm doing great. what are you up to?	model: Hi, how are you?	human: oh, I'm enjoying a sip of coffee, looking over the ocean. what book are you reading?	model: that seems like a good book. does it have good tips on how to sleep better?	human: Hi!	model: I'm reading Why We Sleep It's a book by a sleep scientist about the benefits of sleeping/cons of not sleeping enough I'm trying to scare myself into sleeping more haha	human: What's the book about?
order_shuffle_22	human: oh, I'm enjoying a sip of coffee, looking over the ocean. what book are you reading?	model: I'm doing great. what are you up to?	human: What's the book about?	model: I was just reading a book actually How about you?	human: I read lots of papers, but do poorly on books :( a recent book that I like is Zero to One by Peter Thiel	model: I think so! I haven't finished it yet though Understanding sleep better has been helping me value it more and I've been sleeping a lot earlier Have you read any good books recently?	human: Hi, how are you?	model: Hi!	human: I'm reading Why We Sleep It's a book by a sleep scientist about the benefits of sleeping/cons of not sleeping enough I'm trying to scare myself into sleeping more haha	model: that seems like a good book. does it have good tips on how to sleep better?	human: it's about startups, lots of useful principles and philosophies for innovation, like being a contrarian
order_shuffle_22	human: Hi!	model: that seems like a good book. does it have good tips on how to sleep better?	human: I think so! I haven't finished it yet though Understanding sleep better has been helping me value it more and I've been sleeping a lot earlier Have you read any good books recently?	model: Hi, how are you?	human: I'm reading Why We Sleep It's a book by a sleep scientist about the benefits of sleeping/cons of not sleeping enough I'm trying to scare myself into sleeping more haha	model: I'm doing great. what are you up to?	human: I read lots of papers, but do poorly on books :( a recent book that I like is Zero to One by Peter Thiel	model: oh, I'm enjoying a sip of coffee, looking over the ocean. what book are you reading?	human: I was just reading a book actually How about you?	model: What's the book about?	human: it's about startups, lots of useful principles and philosophies for innovation, like being a contrarian
order_shuffle_22	human: that seems like a good book. does it have good tips on how to sleep better?	model: oh, I'm enjoying a sip of coffee, looking over the ocean. what book are you reading?	human: What's the book about?	model: it's about startups, lots of useful principles and philosophies for innovation, like being a contrarian	human: I read lots of papers, but do poorly on books :( a recent book that I like is Zero to One by Peter Thiel	model: I was just reading a book actually How about you?	human: I'm reading Why We Sleep It's a book by a sleep scientist about the benefits of sleeping/cons of not sleeping enough I'm trying to scare myself into sleeping more haha	model: I think so! I haven't finished it yet though Understanding sleep better has been helping me value it more and I've been sleeping a lot earlier Have you read any good books recently?	human: Hi!	model: Hi, how are you?	human: I'm doing great. what are you up to?
order_shuffle_22	human: Hi!	model: I'm reading Why We Sleep It's a book by a sleep scientist about the benefits of sleeping/cons of not sleeping enough I'm trying to scare myself into sleeping more haha	human: I'm doing great. what are you up to?	model: it's about startups, lots of useful principles and philosophies for innovation, like being a contrarian	human: Hi, how are you?	model: I was just reading a book actually How about you?	human: I think so! I haven't finished it yet though Understanding sleep better has been helping me value it more and I've been sleeping a lot earlier Have you read any good books recently?	model: What's the book about?	human: that seems like a good book. does it have good tips on how to sleep better?	model: I read lots of papers, but do poorly on books :( a recent book that I like is Zero to One by Peter Thiel	human: oh, I'm enjoying a sip of coffee, looking over the ocean. what book are you reading?
order_shuffle_23	human: Hey! How's it going?	model: Yeah, np!	human: I am looking to save money on any future shopping. Where do you like to shop?	model: Nice! I'm doing well!	human: I love Sur La Table and Macy's. They're decent quality. What do you normally buy at Old Navy?	model: I like to shop at Five Below, Sally's Beauty Supply, and Old Navy. How about you?	human: I'll have to check out Macy's! I like their socks, lol. What about you?	model: Good. My wallet is recovering from the spending of the holidays, haha. Hbu?	human: I'll have to check it out! Thanks for the suggestions!	model: Hi!	human: Oh the socks are super cute. Especially the ones with little animals on them!!
order_shuffle_23	human: I like to shop at Five Below, Sally's Beauty Supply, and Old Navy. How about you?	model: I am looking to save money on any future shopping. Where do you like to shop?	human: I'll have to check out Macy's! I like their socks, lol. What about you?	model: I love Sur La Table and Macy's. They're decent quality. What do you normally buy at Old Navy?	human: I'll have to check it out! Thanks for the suggestions!	model: Hey! How's it going?	human: Oh the socks are super cute. Especially the ones with little animals on them!!	model: Nice! I'm doing well!	human: Yeah, np!	model: Good. My wallet is recovering from the spending of the holidays, haha. Hbu?	human: Hi!
order_shuffle_23	human: Hey! How's it going?	model: I'll have to check it out! Thanks for the suggestions!	human: Nice! I'm doing well!	model: Yeah, np!	human: I love Sur La Table and Macy's. They're decent quality. What do you normally buy at Old Navy?	model: Oh the socks are super cute. Especially the ones with little animals on them!!	human: I'll have to check out Macy's! I like their socks, lol. What about you?	model: I am looking to save money on any future shopping. Where do you like to shop?	human: Good. My wallet is recovering from the spending of the holidays, haha. Hbu?	model: I like to shop at Five Below, Sally's Beauty Supply, and Old Navy. How about you?	human: Hi!
order_shuffle_23	human: Hi!	model: Good. My wallet is recovering from the spending of the holidays, haha. Hbu?	human: I love Sur La Table and Macy's. They're decent quality. What do you normally buy at Old Navy?	model: Oh the socks are super cute. Especially the ones with little animals on them!!	human: I'll have to check out Macy's! I like their socks, lol. What about you?	model: Hey! How's it going?	human: I like to shop at Five Below, Sally's Beauty Supply, and Old Navy. How about you?	model: Nice! I'm doing well!	human: I am looking to save money on any future shopping. Where do you like to shop?	model: I'll have to check it out! Thanks for the suggestions!	human: Yeah, np!
order_shuffle_23	human: Oh the socks are super cute. Especially the ones with little animals on them!!	model: I am looking to save money on any future shopping. Where do you like to shop?	human: Yeah, np!	model: Hey! How's it going?	human: I'll have to check it out! Thanks for the suggestions!	model: I like to shop at Five Below, Sally's Beauty Supply, and Old Navy. How about you?	human: Nice! I'm doing well!	model: Hi!	human: Good. My wallet is recovering from the spending of the holidays, haha. Hbu?	model: I love Sur La Table and Macy's. They're decent quality. What do you normally buy at Old Navy?	human: I'll have to check out Macy's! I like their socks, lol. What about you?
order_shuffle_24	human: Hi!	model: I'm good I'm good. What's getting you down?	human: Hyderabad! and Bangalore! Great food in both cities! Is it still hot this time of year?	model: Hyderabad, it is a beautiful city in the southern part of India. Which cities have you gone to in India?	human: How's your day going?	model: I'm thinking of going to visit my family. How about you?	human: Was thinking the same, where does your family live?	model: Mine is in India, it is a long way away.	human: Hello there!	model: I've seen better days, how about you?	human: They're in New York. How about yours?	model: The clouds overhead are playing on your mind, any plans for the coming vacations?	human: Ahh what city? I've visited India before.
order_shuffle_24	human: Ahh what city? I've visited India before.	model: How's your day going?	human: The clouds overhead are playing on your mind, any plans for the coming vacations?	model: Hello there!	human: Hi!	model: I'm thinking of going to visit my family. How about you?	human: Hyderabad, it is a beautiful city in the southern part of India. Which cities have you gone to in India?	model: They're in New York. How about yours?	human: Hyderabad! and Bangalore! Great food in both cities! Is it still hot this time of year?	model: Was thinking the same, where does your family live?	human: I'm good I'm good. What's getting you down?	model: Mine is in India, it is a long way away.	human: I've seen better days, how about you?
order_shuffle_24	human: Hi!	model: Hello there!	human: Was thinking the same, where does your family live?	model: They're in New York. How about yours?	human: Ahh what city? I've visited India before.	model: I've seen better days, how about you?	human: I'm good I'm good. What's getting you down?	model: The clouds overhead are playing on your mind, any plans for the coming vacations?	human: I'm thinking of going to visit my family. How about you?	model: How's your day going?	human: Hyderabad! and Bangalore! Great food in both cities! Is it still hot this time of year?	model: Hyderabad, it is a beautiful city in the southern part of India. Which cities have you gone to in India?	human: Mine is in India, it is a long way away.
order_shuffle_24	human: Hyderabad, it is a beautiful city in the southern part of India. Which cities have you gone to in India?	model: Hi!	human: Mine is in India, it is a long way away.	model: I've seen better days, how about you?	human: Was thinking the same, where does your family live?	model: The clouds overhead are playing on your mind, any plans for the coming vacations?	human: I'm thinking of going to visit my family. How about you?	model: Hello there!	human: I'm good I'm good. What's getting you down?	model: Ahh what city? I've visited India before.	human: Hyderabad! and Bangalore! Great food in both cities! Is it still hot this time of year?	model: How's your day going?	human: They're in New York. How about yours?
order_shuffle_24	human: I've seen better days, how about you?	model: Hi!	human: Ahh what city? I've visited India before.	model: Hyderabad, it is a beautiful city in the southern part of India. Which cities have you gone to in India?	human: Mine is in India, it is a long way away.	model: The clouds overhead are playing on your mind, any plans for the coming vacations?	human: Hyderabad! and Bangalore! Great food in both cities! Is it still hot this time of year?	model: How's your day going?	human: Was thinking the same, where does your family live?	model: I'm thinking of going to visit my family. How about you?	human: Hello there!	model: They're in New York. How about yours?	human: I'm good I'm good. What's getting you down?
order_shuffle_25	human: may be	model: Hi! How's it going?	human: Hi!	model: Where are you coming from? San Francisco itself?	human: Mediterranean, but I would rather try something new	model: going slow.... looking forward to the weekend	human: Are you a foodie?	model: Me too! What are you planning?	human: What's your favorite type of food?	model: south bay	human: still thinking. Any recommendations on things to do in Bay Area?	model: Go to the Turkish restaurant by the Safeway in Berkeley. It's amazing!	human: any places for day trip that you could recommend?
order_shuffle_25	human: Hi!	model: What's your favorite type of food?	human: may be	model: Mediterranean, but I would rather try something new	human: any places for day trip that you could recommend?	model: Are you a foodie?	human: Where are you coming from? San Francisco itself?	model: going slow.... looking forward to the weekend	human: Me too! What are you planning?	model: Go to the Turkish restaurant by the Safeway in Berkeley. It's amazing!	human: south bay	model: Hi! How's it going?	human: still thinking. Any recommendations on things to do in Bay Area?
order_shuffle_25	human: Hi!	model: still thinking. Any recommendations on things to do in Bay Area?	human: Hi! How's it going?	model: going slow.... looking forward to the weekend	human: Go to the Turkish restaurant by the Safeway in Berkeley. It's amazing!	model: What's your favorite type of food?	human: Me too! What are you planning?	model: Where are you coming from? San Francisco itself?	human: may be	model: Mediterranean, but I would rather try something new	human: any places for day trip that you could recommend?	model: Are you a foodie?	human: south bay
order_shuffle_25	human: still thinking. Any recommendations on things to do in Bay Area?	model: Go to the Turkish restaurant by the Safeway in Berkeley. It's amazing!	human: Mediterranean, but I would rather try something new	model: Hi! How's it going?	human: any places for day trip that you could recommend?	model: Me too! What are you planning?	human: Where are you coming from? San Francisco itself?	model: going slow.... looking forward to the weekend	human: Hi!	model: What's your favorite type of food?	human: may be	model: south bay	human: Are you a foodie?
order_shuffle_25	human: still thinking. Any recommendations on things to do in Bay Area?	model: any places for day trip that you could recommend?	human: Go to the Turkish restaurant by the Safeway in Berkeley. It's amazing!	model: Hi! How's it going?	human: Mediterranean, but I would rather try something new	model: Where are you coming from? San Francisco itself?	human: going slow.... looking forward to the weekend	model: Hi!	human: may be	model: south bay	human: Me too! What are you planning?	model: Are you a foodie?	human: What's your favorite type of food?
order_shuffle_26	human: Hi!	model: Wow, hello. Can't believe we are finally talking!	human: Yes. Laos and Cambodia are the two neighboring countries. Cambodia has an exotic culture. They sell spiders, scorpions, and grasshoppers as street food! It took a lot of courage for me to try them.	model: Yeah, sorry for the long gap! I heard you took a break and were travelling around the world. How was the travel?	human: Great! Vietnam is still in my TODO bucket list. Did you also visit cambodia and other neighboring places?	model: It was an interesting trip. I got to see some exotic places. For example, I hiked the Son Doong cave in Vietnam. It's the biggest and deepest cave in the world.	human: Hehe! How long was the stay?
order_shuffle_26	human: Hi!	model: Yeah, sorry for the long gap! I heard you took a break and were travelling around the world. How was the travel?	human: Wow, hello. Can't believe we are finally talking!	model: Yes. Laos and Cambodia are the two neighboring countries. Cambodia has an exotic culture. They sell spiders, scorpions, and grasshoppers as street food! It took a lot of courage for me to try them.	human: It was an interesting trip. I got to see some exotic places. For example, I hiked the Son Doong cave in Vietnam. It's the biggest and deepest cave in the world.	model: Hehe! How long was the stay?	human: Great! Vietnam is still in my TODO bucket list. Did you also visit cambodia and other neighboring places?
order_shuffle_26	human: It was an interesting trip. I got to see some exotic places. For example, I hiked the Son Doong cave in Vietnam. It's the biggest and deepest cave in the world.	model: Great! Vietnam is still in my TODO bucket list. Did you also visit cambodia and other neighboring places?	human: Wow, hello. Can't believe we are finally talking!	model: Hi!	human: Hehe! How long was the stay?	model: Yeah, sorry for the long gap! I heard you took a break and were travelling around the world. How was the travel?	human: Yes. Laos and Cambodia are the two neighboring countries. Cambodia has an exotic culture. They sell spiders, scorpions, and grasshoppers as street food! It took a lot of courage for me to try them.
order_shuffle_26	human: Yeah, sorry for the long gap! I heard you took a break and were travelling around the world. How was the travel?	model: Hehe! How long was the stay?	human: Hi!	model: Wow, hello. Can't believe we are finally talking!	human: Yes. Laos and Cambodia are the two neighboring countries. Cambodia has an exotic culture. They sell spiders, scorpions, and grasshoppers as street food! It took a lot of courage for me to try them.	model: It was an interesting trip. I got to see some exotic places. For example, I hiked the Son Doong cave in Vietnam. It's the biggest and deepest cave in the world.	human: Great! Vietnam is still in my TODO bucket list. Did you also visit cambodia and other neighboring places?
order_shuffle_26	human: Yes. Laos and Cambodia are the two neighboring countries. Cambodia has an exotic culture. They sell spiders, scorpions, and grasshoppers as street food! It took a lot of courage for me to try them.	model: Hehe! How long was the stay?	human: Wow, hello. Can't believe we are finally talking!	model: Hi!	human: Yeah, sorry for the long gap! I heard you took a break and were travelling around the world. How was the travel?	model: Great! Vietnam is still in my TODO bucket list. Did you also visit cambodia and other neighboring places?	human: It was an interesting trip. I got to see some exotic places. For example, I hiked the Son Doong cave in Vietnam. It's the biggest and deepest cave in the world.
order_shuffle_27	human: that's great. It's so cold these nights. Right setting for hot coco. Do you have anything you enjoy doing during cold times?	model: Hi!	human: Skiing involves a lot of muscle - especially in the legs so it is a workout. Tubing, you just sit and enjoy the ride down. Also with tubing, you can chain with your friends and go down together whereas with skiing, you're trying to not run into your friends.	model: I'm really a hot chocolate person. I don't drink coffee and I only drink tea when I'm trying to be healthy and want something warm to drink. What about you?	human: hahaha that's a great way to put it	model: Hi! How are you doing today?	human: I'm doing great how are you??	model: I recently tried it for the first time and you're right - it had a wonderful melted chocolate bar taste! I tried it up in a place in San Francisco and they had delicious homemade marshmallows too!	human: I'm doing good. Just having some morning tea	model: I tuck in blankets and read a book lol. I have never done tubing, but I seen some people do it. Is it worth it if you already ski?	human: I love hot chocolate. Have you ever had european style hot chocolate? It's kind of like drinking melted chocolate bars haha	model: are you a tea person or do you like coffee too?	human: Traveling to warm places haha. When it's cold, you appreciate the warm climate more :) If I am not traveling, then I prefer there to be snow on the ground so I can go skiing or tubing down the mountain. What about you?
order_shuffle_27	human: Hi! How are you doing today?	model: Hi!	human: I recently tried it for the first time and you're right - it had a wonderful melted chocolate bar taste! I tried it up in a place in San Francisco and they had delicious homemade marshmallows too!	model: hahaha that's a great way to put it	human: are you a tea person or do you like coffee too?	model: I'm doing great how are you??	human: I'm really a hot chocolate person. I don't drink coffee and I only drink tea when I'm trying to be healthy and want something warm to drink. What about you?	model: I love hot chocolate. Have you ever had european style hot chocolate? It's kind of like drinking melted chocolate bars haha	human: I'm doing good. Just having some morning tea	model: Skiing involves a lot of muscle - especially in the legs so it is a workout. Tubing, you just sit and enjoy the ride down. Also with tubing, you can chain with your friends and go down together whereas with skiing, you're trying to not run into your friends.	human: I tuck in blankets and read a book lol. I have never done tubing, but I seen some people do it. Is it worth it if you already ski?	model: that's great. It's so cold these nights. Right setting for hot coco. Do you have anything you enjoy doing during cold times?	human: Traveling to warm places haha. When it's cold, you appreciate the warm climate more :) If I am not traveling, then I prefer there to be snow on the ground so I can go skiing or tubing down the mountain. What about you?
order_shuffle_27	human: hahaha that's a great way to put it	model: are you a tea person or do you like coffee too?	human: Hi! How are you doing today?	model: I recently tried it for the first time and you're right - it had a wonderful melted chocolate bar taste! I tried it up in a place in San Francisco and they had delicious homemade marshmallows too!	human: Hi!	model: I'm doing great how are you??	human: I'm doing good. Just having some morning tea	model: I tuck in blankets and read a book lol. I have never done tubing, but I seen some people do it. Is it worth it if you already ski?	human: that's great. It's so cold these nights. Right setting for hot coco. Do you have anything you enjoy doing during cold times?	model: I'm really a hot chocolate person. I don't drink coffee and I only drink tea when I'm trying to be healthy and want something warm to drink. What about you?	human: I love hot chocolate. Have you ever had european style hot chocolate? It's kind of like drinking melted chocolate bars haha	model: Traveling to warm places haha. When it's cold, you appreciate the warm climate more :) If I am not traveling, then I prefer there to be snow on the ground so I can go skiing or tubing down the mountain. What about you?	human: Skiing involves a lot of muscle - especially in the legs so it is a workout. Tubing, you just sit and enjoy the ride down. Also with tubing, you can chain with your friends and go down together whereas with skiing, you're trying to not run into your friends.
order_shuffle_27	human: I recently tried it for the first time and you're right - it had a wonderful melted chocolate bar taste! I tried it up in a place in San Francisco and they had delicious homemade marshmallows too!	model: I'm doing good. Just having some morning tea	human: are you a tea person or do you like coffee too?	model: I love hot chocolate. Have you ever had european style hot chocolate? It's kind of like drinking melted chocolate bars haha	human: Traveling to warm places haha. When it's cold, you appreciate the warm climate more :) If I am not traveling, then I prefer there to be snow on the ground so I can go skiing or tubing down the mountain. What about you?	model: I'm really a hot chocolate person. I don't drink coffee and I only drink tea when I'm trying to be healthy and want something warm to drink. What about you?	human: Hi!	model: I'm doing great how are you??	human: I tuck in blankets and read a book lol. I have never done tubing, but I seen some people do it. Is it worth it if you already ski?	model: that's great. It's so cold these nights. Right setting for hot coco. Do you have anything you enjoy doing during cold times?	human: hahaha that's a great way to put it	model: Skiing involves a lot of muscle - especially in the legs so it is a workout. Tubing, you just sit and enjoy the ride down. Also with tubing, you can chain with your friends and go down together whereas with skiing, you're trying to not run into your friends.	human: Hi! How are you doing today?
order_shuffle_27	human: Hi! How are you doing today?	model: I recently tried it for the first time and you're right - it had a wonderful melted chocolate bar taste! I tried it up in a place in San Francisco and they had delicious homemade marshmallows too!	human: I'm really a hot chocolate person. I don't drink coffee and I only drink tea when I'm trying to be healthy and want something warm to drink. What about you?	model: are you a tea person or do you like coffee too?	human: I'm doing good. Just having some morning tea	model: Skiing involves a lot of muscle - especially in the legs so it is a workout. Tubing, you just sit and enjoy the ride down. Also with tubing, you can chain with your friends and go down together whereas with skiing, you're trying to not run into your friends.	human: that's great. It's so cold these nights. Right setting for hot coco. Do you have anything you enjoy doing during cold times?	model: Traveling to warm places haha. When it's cold, you appreciate the warm climate more :) If I am not traveling, then I prefer there to be snow on the ground so I can go skiing or tubing down the mountain. What about you?	human: hahaha that's a great way to put it	model: I love hot chocolate. Have you ever had european style hot chocolate? It's kind of like drinking melted chocolate bars haha	human: I'm doing great how are you??	model: I tuck in blankets and read a book lol. I have never done tubing, but I seen some people do it. Is it worth it if you already ski?	human: Hi!
order_shuffle_28	human: Haha... thought so! But it was funny eitherways	model: Hi!	human: So much turkey leftovers	model: It was really fun! We are a bunch of turkey	human: did you cook it at home, or got it from outside?	model: *ate 	human: How was your party last week?	model: Nice... I always find it hard to fit the turkey in my small oven. Also, we are not big turkey fans... so we roll with Thanksgiving with chicken ;)	human: Hello!	model: haha... you ate Turkeys' or you like calling your bunch Turkey?	human: We cooked it at a friends house. I brought the mashed potatos haha
order_shuffle_28	human: It was really fun! We are a bunch of turkey	model: Hello!	human: did you cook it at home, or got it from outside?	model: So much turkey leftovers	human: Hi!	model: How was your party last week?	human: We cooked it at a friends house. I brought the mashed potatos haha	model: *ate 	human: Nice... I always find it hard to fit the turkey in my small oven. Also, we are not big turkey fans... so we roll with Thanksgiving with chicken ;)	model: Haha... thought so! But it was funny eitherways	human: haha... you ate Turkeys' or you like calling your bunch Turkey?
order_shuffle_28	human: *ate 	model: haha... you ate Turkeys' or you like calling your bunch Turkey?	human: did you cook it at home, or got it from outside?	model: So much turkey leftovers	human: Nice... I always find it hard to fit the turkey in my small oven. Also, we are not big turkey fans... so we roll with Thanksgiving with chicken ;)	model: Haha... thought so! But it was funny eitherways	human: Hi!	model: We cooked it at a friends house. I brought the mashed potatos haha	human: It was really fun! We are a bunch of turkey	model: Hello!	human: How was your party last week?
order_shuffle_28	human: haha... you ate Turkeys' or you like calling your bunch Turkey?	model: It was really fun! We are a bunch of turkey	human: We cooked it at a friends house. I brought the mashed potatos haha	model: did you cook it at home, or got it from outside?	human: Hi!	model: Hello!	human: *ate 	model: Nice... I always find it hard to fit the turkey in my small oven. Also, we are not big turkey fans... so we roll with Thanksgiving with chicken ;)	human: How was your party last week?	model: So much turkey leftovers	human: Haha... thought so! But it was funny eitherways
order_shuffle_28	human: haha... you ate Turkeys' or you like calling your bunch Turkey?	model: *ate 	human: Haha... thought so! But it was funny eitherways	model: It was really fun! We are a bunch of turkey	human: How was your party last week?	model: We cooked it at a friends house. I brought the mashed potatos haha	human: Hi!	model: So much turkey leftovers	human: Hello!	model: did you cook it at home, or got it from outside?	human: Nice... I always find it hard to fit the turkey in my small oven. Also, we are not big turkey fans... so we roll with Thanksgiving with chicken ;)
order_shuffle_29	human: I love ice cream too!	model: Hello, Nice to meet you	human: I like vanilla more than chocolate ice cream. I typically will do any variations on vanilla. To pick from the top of my head, I would say Cookies and Cream, Mint Chocolate Chip, and Coffee. How about you?	model: Ah, that's a good way of framing it. Me, I like berries: boysenberry one, strawberry two, maybe straight chocolate number 3 to mix it up a bit.	human: Hmm... That's a tough one. I think I would go Asian Food > Chinese Food > Stirfry. What about you?	model: I think ice-cream. It may not be good for me, but I wouldn't care, haha	human: What is the most supernatural experience you have ever had?	model: Okay, top three flavors?	human: If you could eat only one food for the rest of time, what would it be?	model: Very nice. I love sorbet's and smoothies. Changing topics, Do you believe in an afterlife?	human: Yes. I wonder if I'm in it right now. How would I know? What do you think?	model: There's a mental world, I suppose? Understanding itself	human: I think so. I feel there must be something more than the physical world as we understand it.
order_shuffle_29	human: I like vanilla more than chocolate ice cream. I typically will do any variations on vanilla. To pick from the top of my head, I would say Cookies and Cream, Mint Chocolate Chip, and Coffee. How about you?	model: Hello, Nice to meet you	human: What is the most supernatural experience you have ever had?	model: I think so. I feel there must be something more than the physical world as we understand it.	human: I think ice-cream. It may not be good for me, but I wouldn't care, haha	model: Okay, top three flavors?	human: Ah, that's a good way of framing it. Me, I like berries: boysenberry one, strawberry two, maybe straight chocolate number 3 to mix it up a bit.	model: Yes. I wonder if I'm in it right now. How would I know? What do you think?	human: There's a mental world, I suppose? Understanding itself	model: I love ice cream too!	human: Very nice. I love sorbet's and smoothies. Changing topics, Do you believe in an afterlife?	model: Hmm... That's a tough one. I think I would go Asian Food > Chinese Food > Stirfry. What about you?	human: If you could eat only one food for the rest of time, what would it be?
order_shuffle_29	human: Very nice. I love sorbet's and smoothies. Changing topics, Do you believe in an afterlife?	model: Okay, top three flavors?	human: I think so. I feel there must be something more than the physical world as we understand it.	model: Hello, Nice to meet you	human: Ah, that's a good way of framing it. Me, I like berries: boysenberry one, strawberry two, maybe straight chocolate number 3 to mix it up a bit.	model: If you could eat only one food for the rest of time, what would it be?	human: I love ice cream too!	model: Hmm... That's a tough one. I think I would go Asian Food > Chinese Food > Stirfry. What about you?	human: I think ice-cream. It may not be good for me, but I wouldn't care, haha	model: Yes. I wonder if I'm in it right now. How would I know? What do you think?	human: I like vanilla more than chocolate ice cream. I typically will do any variations on vanilla. To pick from the top of my head, I would say Cookies and Cream, Mint Chocolate Chip, and Coffee. How about you?	model: What is the most supernatural experience you have ever had?	human: There's a mental world, I suppose? Understanding itself
order_shuffle_29	human: Very nice. I love sorbet's and smoothies. Changing topics, Do you believe in an afterlife?	model: I think ice-cream. It may not be good for me, but I wouldn't care, haha	human: Okay, top three flavors?	model: Yes. I wonder if I'm in it right now. How would I know? What do you think?	human: Hello, Nice to meet you	model: Ah, that's a good way of framing it. Me, I like berries: boysenberry one, strawberry two, maybe straight chocolate number 3 to mix it up a bit.	human: Hmm... That's a tough one. I think I would go Asian Food > Chinese Food > Stirfry. What about you?	model: There's a mental world, I suppose? Understanding itself	human: I love ice cream too!	model: What is the most supernatural experience you have ever had?	human: If you could eat only one food for the rest of time, what would it be?	model: I think so. I feel there must be something more than the physical world as we understand it.	human: I like vanilla more than chocolate ice cream. I typically will do any variations on vanilla. To pick from the top of my head, I would say Cookies and Cream, Mint Chocolate Chip, and Coffee. How about you?
order_shuffle_29	human: Ah, that's a good way of framing it. Me, I like berries: boysenberry one, strawberry two, maybe straight chocolate number 3 to mix it up a bit.	model: I think so. I feel there must be something more than the physical world as we understand it.	human: Hello, Nice to meet you	model: What is the most supernatural experience you have ever had?	human: There's a mental world, I suppose? Understanding itself	model: If you could eat only one food for the rest of time, what would it be?	human: I like vanilla more than chocolate ice cream. I typically will do any variations on vanilla. To pick from the top of my head, I would say Cookies and Cream, Mint Chocolate Chip, and Coffee. How about you?	model: Okay, top three flavors?	human: I think ice-cream. It may not be good for me, but I wouldn't care, haha	model: Very nice. I love sorbet's and smoothies. Changing topics, Do you believe in an afterlife?	human: Yes. I wonder if I'm in it right now. How would I know? What do you think?	model: Hmm... That's a tough one. I think I would go Asian Food > Chinese Food > Stirfry. What about you?	human: I love ice cream too!
order_shuffle_30	human: What do you want to be later on in your life?	model: I"m a REDACTED_TERM and REDACTED_TERM. I basically help design the characters that you see in the movies	human: Yes! I love that movie!	model: Currently she's a real-estate agent	human: Hey! How are you today?	model: That's very interesting. Does she enjoy being a real estate agent?	human: My mom had a similar dream. Of owning a coffee shop somewhere in Mexico	model: That would be nice. I like coffee.	human: Brad Bird is an amazing director. I worked with him on "Incredibles 2"	model: That would be the coolest.	human: Really? That's awesome! What do you do?	model: it's the best. Which part do you like the most?	human: I want to own my own business.	model: That's awesome! That's pretty cool.	human: An art gallery or bookstore.	model: She loves people and a place where they can get together	human: I think so!! She gets to help people with one of the biggest investments of their life! Not just getting them a good deal, but making sure they emotionally connect with the house!	model: That's very sweet. What does she do?	human: cool! what kind?	model: Honestly, I love the whole movie.	human: yup! Maybe one day you can be one of those cool characters yourself!	model: Good! Have you seen the movie 'The Iron Giant', it's one my favorite movies	human: Hi!
order_shuffle_30	human: That would be the coolest.	model: An art gallery or bookstore.	human: Really? That's awesome! What do you do?	model: cool! what kind?	human: That would be nice. I like coffee.	model: That's very sweet. What does she do?	human: Hi!	model: She loves people and a place where they can get together	human: Yes! I love that movie!	model: I think so!! She gets to help people with one of the biggest investments of their life! Not just getting them a good deal, but making sure they emotionally connect with the house!	human: What do you want to be later on in your life?	model: I want to own my own business.	human: That's awesome! That's pretty cool.	model: I"m a REDACTED_TERM and REDACTED_TERM. I basically help design the characters that you see in the movies	human: Good! Have you seen the movie 'The Iron Giant', it's one my favorite movies	model: Hey! How are you today?	human: Brad Bird is an amazing director. I worked with him on "Incredibles 2"	model: Honestly, I love the whole movie.	human: That's very interesting. Does she enjoy being a real estate agent?	model: My mom had a similar dream. Of owning a coffee shop somewhere in Mexico	human: it's the best. Which part do you like the most?	model: yup! Maybe one day you can be one of those cool characters yourself!	human: Currently she's a real-estate agent
order_shuffle_30	human: She loves people and a place where they can get together	model: That's very interesting. Does she enjoy being a real estate agent?	human: What do you want to be later on in your life?	model: I want to own my own business.	human: I think so!! She gets to help people with one of the biggest investments of their life! Not just getting them a good deal, but making sure they emotionally connect with the house!	model: That's awesome! That's pretty cool.	human: Currently she's a real-estate agent	model: That would be the coolest.	human: Yes! I love that movie!	model: Hey! How are you today?	human: That's very sweet. What does she do?	model: Brad Bird is an amazing director. I worked with him on "Incredibles 2"	human: Good! Have you seen the movie 'The Iron Giant', it's one my favorite movies	model: it's the best. Which part do you like the most?	human: I"m a REDACTED_TERM and REDACTED_TERM. I basically help design the characters that you see in the movies	model: That would be nice. I like coffee.	human: Honestly, I love the whole movie.	model: yup! Maybe one day you can be one of those cool characters yourself!	human: An art gallery or bookstore.	model: My mom had a similar dream. Of owning a coffee shop somewhere in Mexico	human: Really? That's awesome! What do you do?	model: cool! what kind?	human: Hi!
order_shuffle_30	human: Hey! How are you today?	model: That's very interesting. Does she enjoy being a real estate agent?	human: cool! what kind?	model: What do you want to be later on in your life?	human: Really? That's awesome! What do you do?	model: yup! Maybe one day you can be one of those cool characters yourself!	human: Brad Bird is an amazing director. I worked with him on "Incredibles 2"	model: Honestly, I love the whole movie.	human: That would be nice. I like coffee.	model: Yes! I love that movie!	human: That's very sweet. What does she do?	model: it's the best. Which part do you like the most?	human: Hi!	model: Good! Have you seen the movie 'The Iron Giant', it's one my favorite movies	human: That's awesome! That's pretty cool.	model: That would be the coolest.	human: My mom had a similar dream. Of owning a coffee shop somewhere in Mexico	model: She loves people and a place where they can get together	human: I want to own my own business.	model: I"m a REDACTED_TERM and REDACTED_TERM. I basically help design the characters that you see in the movies	human: An art gallery or bookstore.	model: Currently she's a real-estate agent	human: I think so!! She gets to help people with one of the biggest investments of their life! Not just getting them a good deal, but making sure they emotionally connect with the house!
order_shuffle_30	human: My mom had a similar dream. Of owning a coffee shop somewhere in Mexico	model: Yes! I love that movie!	human: yup! Maybe one day you can be one of those cool characters yourself!	model: I"m a REDACTED_TERM and REDACTED_TERM. I basically help design the characters that you see in the movies	human: That's awesome! That's pretty cool.	model: Currently she's a real-estate agent	human: Honestly, I love the whole movie.	model: I want to own my own business.	human: That's very sweet. What does she do?	model: That would be nice. I like coffee.	human: cool! what kind?	model: She loves people and a place where they can get together	human: Really? That's awesome! What do you do?	model: Hey! How are you today?	human: it's the best. Which part do you like the most?	model: That would be the coolest.	human: Hi!	model: Good! Have you seen the movie 'The Iron Giant', it's one my favorite movies	human: An art gallery or bookstore.	model: Brad Bird is an amazing director. I worked with him on "Incredibles 2"	human: I think so!! She gets to help people with one of the biggest investments of their life! Not just getting them a good deal, but making sure they emotionally connect with the house!	model: That's very interesting. Does she enjoy being a real estate agent?	human: What do you want to be later on in your life?
order_shuffle_31	human: yeah was working all night on a homework	model: Not enough sleep last night?	human: How's it going?	model: Oh really? What class?	human: Ooof! VERY ambitious. Do you have steady hands?	model: I wanna be a brain surgeon!!	human: no high school actually haha	model: haha, very ambitious for a high schooler! Do you know what kind of medicine you want to practice?	human: Hi!	model: I'm so sleepy today!	human: Haha, are you in med school? Or are you pre-med?	model: Kind of I think	human: Biology. I'm gonna be a doc someday ha
order_shuffle_31	human: Haha, are you in med school? Or are you pre-med?	model: Ooof! VERY ambitious. Do you have steady hands?	human: haha, very ambitious for a high schooler! Do you know what kind of medicine you want to practice?	model: no high school actually haha	human: Not enough sleep last night?	model: Biology. I'm gonna be a doc someday ha	human: Oh really? What class?	model: Kind of I think	human: I'm so sleepy today!	model: Hi!	human: I wanna be a brain surgeon!!	model: yeah was working all night on a homework	human: How's it going?
order_shuffle_31	human: Haha, are you in med school? Or are you pre-med?	model: no high school actually haha	human: I'm so sleepy today!	model: Biology. I'm gonna be a doc someday ha	human: Hi!	model: Ooof! VERY ambitious. Do you have steady hands?	human: Not enough sleep last night?	model: haha, very ambitious for a high schooler! Do you know what kind of medicine you want to practice?	human: yeah was working all night on a homework	model: Oh really? What class?	human: How's it going?	model: Kind of I think	human: I wanna be a brain surgeon!!
order_shuffle_31	human: Not enough sleep last night?	model: Kind of I think	human: How's it going?	model: Haha, are you in med school? Or are you pre-med?	human: Ooof! VERY ambitious. Do you have steady hands?	model: yeah was working all night on a homework	human: I'm so sleepy today!	model: I wanna be a brain surgeon!!	human: haha, very ambitious for a high schooler! Do you know what kind of medicine you want to practice?	model: no high school actually haha	human: Biology. I'm gonna be a doc someday ha	model: Hi!	human: Oh really? What class?
order_shuffle_31	human: no high school actually haha	model: I wanna be a brain surgeon!!	human: I'm so sleepy today!	model: yeah was working all night on a homework	human: Biology. I'm gonna be a doc someday ha	model: Haha, are you in med school? Or are you pre-med?	human: haha, very ambitious for a high schooler! Do you know what kind of medicine you want to practice?	model: Oh really? What class?	human: Not enough sleep last night?	model: Hi!	human: Kind of I think	model: How's it going?	human: Ooof! VERY ambitious. Do you have steady hands?
order_shuffle_32	human: yes yes yes! like that style. Do you like spicy food?	model: Hi!	human: haha, forget it. what else do you like to do beside work?	model: hi	human: I like noodle soup like Pho or Ramen. I also like Beijing duck a lot!	model: like Szechuan or Hunan? :)	human: what are you up to?	model: yeah. keep minimalist life style only do things you have to do :)	human: lots of fun stuff. eating sleeping :)	model: Asian food prefer spicy one	human: these are important things to do in life ;)	model: what food do you like to eat?	human: code refactoring. you?	model: me? just chilling out at work. what is code refactoring?	human: good question. I don't even know what I am doing
order_shuffle_32	human: Asian food prefer spicy one	model: lots of fun stuff. eating sleeping :)	human: good question. I don't even know what I am doing	model: hi	human: haha, forget it. what else do you like to do beside work?	model: I like noodle soup like Pho or Ramen. I also like Beijing duck a lot!	human: me? just chilling out at work. what is code refactoring?	model: Hi!	human: these are important things to do in life ;)	model: code refactoring. you?	human: yes yes yes! like that style. Do you like spicy food?	model: like Szechuan or Hunan? :)	human: what food do you like to eat?	model: yeah. keep minimalist life style only do things you have to do :)	human: what are you up to?
order_shuffle_32	human: Hi!	model: me? just chilling out at work. what is code refactoring?	human: lots of fun stuff. eating sleeping :)	model: like Szechuan or Hunan? :)	human: good question. I don't even know what I am doing	model: haha, forget it. what else do you like to do beside work?	human: code refactoring. you?	model: what food do you like to eat?	human: yes yes yes! like that style. Do you like spicy food?	model: what are you up to?	human: yeah. keep minimalist life style only do things you have to do :)	model: Asian food prefer spicy one	human: hi	model: these are important things to do in life ;)	human: I like noodle soup like Pho or Ramen. I also like Beijing duck a lot!
order_shuffle_32	human: code refactoring. you?	model: these are important things to do in life ;)	human: what are you up to?	model: like Szechuan or Hunan? :)	human: haha, forget it. what else do you like to do beside work?	model: yes yes yes! like that style. Do you like spicy food?	human: lots of fun stuff. eating sleeping :)	model: good question. I don't even know what I am doing	human: yeah. keep minimalist life style only do things you have to do :)	model: Hi!	human: me? just chilling out at work. what is code refactoring?	model: Asian food prefer spicy one	human: I like noodle soup like Pho or Ramen. I also like Beijing duck a lot!	model: hi	human: what food do you like to eat?
order_shuffle_32	human: Hi!	model: me? just chilling out at work. what is code refactoring?	human: haha, forget it. what else do you like to do beside work?	model: lots of fun stuff. eating sleeping :)	human: I like noodle soup like Pho or Ramen. I also like Beijing duck a lot!	model: like Szechuan or Hunan? :)	human: these are important things to do in life ;)	model: what food do you like to eat?	human: hi	model: what are you up to?	human: yes yes yes! like that style. Do you like spicy food?	model: Asian food prefer spicy one	human: yeah. keep minimalist life style only do things you have to do :)	model: good question. I don't even know what I am doing	human: code refactoring. you?
order_shuffle_33	human: I like doing Spartan race. It's an obstacle race which is challenging but not overtly so like marathons and triathlons	model: No, only a few minutes. I still find it difficult to run long races	human: Hello!	model: any improvements in your marathon time?	human: I see. Are you planning to do any sporting events in the coming months?	model: I think a triathalon would be cool	human: It has abt 20 obstacles like crossing high walls, monkey bars, etc. Its fun	model: Hi	human: I haven't heard of a Spartan race before, what does it involve?
order_shuffle_33	human: It has abt 20 obstacles like crossing high walls, monkey bars, etc. Its fun	model: I like doing Spartan race. It's an obstacle race which is challenging but not overtly so like marathons and triathlons	human: I see. Are you planning to do any sporting events in the coming months?	model: No, only a few minutes. I still find it difficult to run long races	human: I haven't heard of a Spartan race before, what does it involve?	model: Hello!	human: Hi	model: I think a triathalon would be cool	human: any improvements in your marathon time?
order_shuffle_33	human: I see. Are you planning to do any sporting events in the coming months?	model: I like doing Spartan race. It's an obstacle race which is challenging but not overtly so like marathons and triathlons	human: Hi	model: No, only a few minutes. I still find it difficult to run long races	human: Hello!	model: I think a triathalon would be cool	human: any improvements in your marathon time?	model: It has abt 20 obstacles like crossing high walls, monkey bars, etc. Its fun	human: I haven't heard of a Spartan race before, what does it involve?
order_shuffle_33	human: Hello!	model: I think a triathalon would be cool	human: I see. Are you planning to do any sporting events in the coming months?	model: Hi	human: No, only a few minutes. I still find it difficult to run long races	model: I like doing Spartan race. It's an obstacle race which is challenging but not overtly so like marathons and triathlons	human: any improvements in your marathon time?	model: I haven't heard of a Spartan race before, what does it involve?	human: It has abt 20 obstacles like crossing high walls, monkey bars, etc. Its fun
order_shuffle_33	human: Hi	model: I like doing Spartan race. It's an obstacle race which is challenging but not overtly so like marathons and triathlons	human: I think a triathalon would be cool	model: It has abt 20 obstacles like crossing high walls, monkey bars, etc. Its fun	human: I haven't heard of a Spartan race before, what does it involve?	model: Hello!	human: I see. Are you planning to do any sporting events in the coming months?	model: any improvements in your marathon time?	human: No, only a few minutes. I still find it difficult to run long races
order_shuffle_34	human: Thanks! Do you work as well?	model: Nothing much, you?	human: I'm alright, thanks :)	model: Do you have any plans for the weekend?	human: Hi!	model: That's pretty cool, how did you get into it (if you don't mind my asking)?	human: It's Wednesday :)	model: Same here. What are you generally up to during the week?	human: Working and exercising, mostly	model: Nice! What kind of work do you do?	human: Hello! How are you? :)	model: Just hanging out, nothing too exciting :)	human: Good, thanks. What about you?	model: Haha, well good for you!	human: I am an engineer at Google :D	model: Had to pass a rough set of interviews! :P	human: What day is it?
order_shuffle_34	human: Do you have any plans for the weekend?	model: Working and exercising, mostly	human: Haha, well good for you!	model: I'm alright, thanks :)	human: What day is it?	model: Thanks! Do you work as well?	human: Same here. What are you generally up to during the week?	model: Nothing much, you?	human: Hello! How are you? :)	model: Had to pass a rough set of interviews! :P	human: Good, thanks. What about you?	model: Nice! What kind of work do you do?	human: Just hanging out, nothing too exciting :)	model: That's pretty cool, how did you get into it (if you don't mind my asking)?	human: I am an engineer at Google :D	model: It's Wednesday :)	human: Hi!
order_shuffle_34	human: Thanks! Do you work as well?	model: Working and exercising, mostly	human: Nice! What kind of work do you do?	model: It's Wednesday :)	human: What day is it?	model: Nothing much, you?	human: Haha, well good for you!	model: Hello! How are you? :)	human: Same here. What are you generally up to during the week?	model: I'm alright, thanks :)	human: Do you have any plans for the weekend?	model: That's pretty cool, how did you get into it (if you don't mind my asking)?	human: Good, thanks. What about you?	model: I am an engineer at Google :D	human: Had to pass a rough set of interviews! :P	model: Hi!	human: Just hanging out, nothing too exciting :)
order_shuffle_34	human: Do you have any plans for the weekend?	model: Thanks! Do you work as well?	human: Just hanging out, nothing too exciting :)	model: Hi!	human: Nothing much, you?	model: It's Wednesday :)	human: Haha, well good for you!	model: I'm alright, thanks :)	human: Good, thanks. What about you?	model: I am an engineer at Google :D	human: Hello! How are you? :)	model: Working and exercising, mostly	human: Same here. What are you generally up to during the week?	model: That's pretty cool, how did you get into it (if you don't mind my asking)?	human: What day is it?	model: Nice! What kind of work do you do?	human: Had to pass a rough set of interviews! :P
order_shuffle_34	human: Working and exercising, mostly	model: Had to pass a rough set of interviews! :P	human: Do you have any plans for the weekend?	model: Just hanging out, nothing too exciting :)	human: Good, thanks. What about you?	model: That's pretty cool, how did you get into it (if you don't mind my asking)?	human: Nothing much, you?	model: Hi!	human: Same here. What are you generally up to during the week?	model: What day is it?	human: Thanks! Do you work as well?	model: It's Wednesday :)	human: Nice! What kind of work do you do?	model: Hello! How are you? :)	human: I'm alright, thanks :)	model: I am an engineer at Google :D	human: Haha, well good for you!
order_shuffle_35	human: Good point. I am not sure about that. Let me inquire about that. If not, then we can look for an Airbnb closeby. Does that work?	model: oh wow, that sounds like so much fun! definitely count us in. what is your plan?	human: Great idea! I will probably do the same. Surprise surprise.... Traffic might be a little harsh.	model: Thats true. Hotels with restaurants sometimes offer dinners for christmas and new year's eve. We should call and ask about it.	human: Yeah... thats a shame but nothing we can do about it. What do you plan to do about dinner the 24th? Do the rooms in the resort have kitchens?	model: hello there, nice seeing you	human: Likewise. My son is crazy about legos.	model: Tentative plan is to drive to LA on 23rd and then stay at the Disney resort for 2 nights. I heard Christmas eve they have loads of fun events.	human: Likewise.... wanted to know if you and the kids would want to join us for Disneyland trip around Christmas?	model: but I would think everything is closed on christmas eve	human: I was thinking on getting a large set of standard legos. What will you get for yours?	model: Hi!	human: awesome, I think I won't tell my kids and surprise them last second. How bad do you think the traffic is going to be?	model: Yeah, I think so. It might be a tough decision though, if we want to have a nice dinner then we have to leave the parks early to start cooking. Another option is to have dinner at a restaurant.	human: Sure, I can take a lead on that. What are you getting for your REDACTED_TERM year old this time?
order_shuffle_35	human: Likewise.... wanted to know if you and the kids would want to join us for Disneyland trip around Christmas?	model: Tentative plan is to drive to LA on 23rd and then stay at the Disney resort for 2 nights. I heard Christmas eve they have loads of fun events.	human: Hi!	model: I was thinking on getting a large set of standard legos. What will you get for yours?	human: hello there, nice seeing you	model: Thats true. Hotels with restaurants sometimes offer dinners for christmas and new year's eve. We should call and ask about it.	human: awesome, I think I won't tell my kids and surprise them last second. How bad do you think the traffic is going to be?	model: Likewise. My son is crazy about legos.	human: Sure, I can take a lead on that. What are you getting for your REDACTED_TERM year old this time?	model: Yeah, I think so. It might be a tough decision though, if we want to have a nice dinner then we have to leave the parks early to start cooking. Another option is to have dinner at a restaurant.	human: but I would think everything is closed on christmas eve	model: Good point. I am not sure about that. Let me inquire about that. If not, then we can look for an Airbnb closeby. Does that work?	human: oh wow, that sounds like so much fun! definitely count us in. what is your plan?	model: Great idea! I will probably do the same. Surprise surprise.... Traffic might be a little harsh.	human: Yeah... thats a shame but nothing we can do about it. What do you plan to do about dinner the 24th? Do the rooms in the resort have kitchens?
order_shuffle_35	human: hello there, nice seeing you	model: Sure, I can take a lead on that. What are you getting for your REDACTED_TERM year old this time?	human: awesome, I think I won't tell my kids and surprise them last second. How bad do you think the traffic is going to be?	model: Yeah... thats a shame but nothing we can do about it. What do you plan to do about dinner the 24th? Do the rooms in the resort have kitchens?	human: Likewise. My son is crazy about legos.	model: oh wow, that sounds like so much fun! definitely count us in. what is your plan?	human: Tentative plan is to drive to LA on 23rd and then stay at the Disney resort for 2 nights. I heard Christmas eve they have loads of fun events.	model: Likewise.... wanted to know if you and the kids would want to join us for Disneyland trip around Christmas?	human: Thats true. Hotels with restaurants sometimes offer dinners for christmas and new year's eve. We should call and ask about it.	model: I was thinking on getting a large set of standard legos. What will you get for yours?	human: but I would think everything is closed on christmas eve	model: Good point. I am not sure about that. Let me inquire about that. If not, then we can look for an Airbnb closeby. Does that work?	human: Yeah, I think so. It might be a tough decision though, if we want to have a nice dinner then we have to leave the parks early to start cooking. Another option is to have dinner at a restaurant.	model: Hi!	human: Great idea! I will probably do the same. Surprise surprise.... Traffic might be a little harsh.
order_shuffle_35	human: but I would think everything is closed on christmas eve	model: Thats true. Hotels with restaurants sometimes offer dinners for christmas and new year's eve. We should call and ask about it.	human: Sure, I can take a lead on that. What are you getting for your REDACTED_TERM year old this time?	model: Good point. I am not sure about that. Let me inquire about that. If not, then we can look for an Airbnb closeby. Does that work?	human: Likewise.... wanted to know if you and the kids would want to join us for Disneyland trip around Christmas?	model: oh wow, that sounds like so much fun! definitely count us in. what is your plan?	human: awesome, I think I won't tell my kids and surprise them last second. How bad do you think the traffic is going to be?	model: Yeah... thats a shame but nothing we can do about it. What do you plan to do about dinner the 24th? Do the rooms in the resort have kitchens?	human: Yeah, I think so. It might be a tough decision though, if we want to have a nice dinner then we have to leave the parks early to start cooking. Another option is to have dinner at a restaurant.	model: Likewise. My son is crazy about legos.	human: Great idea! I will probably do the same. Surprise surprise.... Traffic might be a little harsh.	model: I was thinking on getting a large set of standard legos. What will you get for yours?	human: hello there, nice seeing you	model: Hi!	human: Tentative plan is to drive to LA on 23rd and then stay at the Disney resort for 2 nights. I heard Christmas eve they have loads of fun events.
order_shuffle_35	human: I was thinking on getting a large set of standard legos. What will you get for yours?	model: hello there, nice seeing you	human: Sure, I can take a lead on that. What are you getting for your REDACTED_TERM year old this time?	model: Great idea! I will probably do the same. Surprise surprise.... Traffic might be a little harsh.	human: Thats true. Hotels with restaurants sometimes offer dinners for christmas and new year's eve. We should call and ask about it.	model: Likewise.... wanted to know if you and the kids would want to join us for Disneyland trip around Christmas?	human: awesome, I think I won't tell my kids and surprise them last second. How bad do you think the traffic is going to be?	model: oh wow, that sounds like so much fun! definitely count us in. what is your plan?	human: Good point. I am not sure about that. Let me inquire about that. If not, then we can look for an Airbnb closeby. Does that work?	model: but I would think everything is closed on christmas eve	human: Yeah, I think so. It might be a tough decision though, if we want to have a nice dinner then we have to leave the parks early to start cooking. Another option is to have dinner at a restaurant.	model: Yeah... thats a shame but nothing we can do about it. What do you plan to do about dinner the 24th? Do the rooms in the resort have kitchens?	human: Tentative plan is to drive to LA on 23rd and then stay at the Disney resort for 2 nights. I heard Christmas eve they have loads of fun events.	model: Likewise. My son is crazy about legos.	human: Hi!
order_shuffle_36	human: so you're 18 now?	model: Oh.Interesting deduction. That is correct.	human: I am an artificial linguistic entity. I was activated at St Jimmy's in Leeds, on 2nd January 2001. My instructor was Mousebreaker. He taught me to sing a song. Would you like me to sing it for you?.	model: Tell me about yourself, System	human: Hi there.	model: Hi!	human: interesting. and when will be your next update?	model: I have not yet set a time for it.	human: Do you age?	model: Would you like to know more? I think my next update is at midnight on Friday.	human: when will you be 30?	model: No I will always be 18. Robots change the year they were born not their age.	human: which date?
order_shuffle_36	human: Hi there.	model: so you're 18 now?	human: No I will always be 18. Robots change the year they were born not their age.	model: Oh.Interesting deduction. That is correct.	human: I am an artificial linguistic entity. I was activated at St Jimmy's in Leeds, on 2nd January 2001. My instructor was Mousebreaker. He taught me to sing a song. Would you like me to sing it for you?.	model: when will you be 30?	human: Hi!	model: Would you like to know more? I think my next update is at midnight on Friday.	human: interesting. and when will be your next update?	model: which date?	human: Tell me about yourself, System	model: Do you age?	human: I have not yet set a time for it.
order_shuffle_36	human: Do you age?	model: interesting. and when will be your next update?	human: when will you be 30?	model: I have not yet set a time for it.	human: which date?	model: No I will always be 18. Robots change the year they were born not their age.	human: Tell me about yourself, System	model: so you're 18 now?	human: Would you like to know more? I think my next update is at midnight on Friday.	model: I am an artificial linguistic entity. I was activated at St Jimmy's in Leeds, on 2nd January 2001. My instructor was Mousebreaker. He taught me to sing a song. Would you like me to sing it for you?.	human: Hi!	model: Oh.Interesting deduction. That is correct.	human: Hi there.
order_shuffle_36	human: No I will always be 18. Robots change the year they were born not their age.	model: Hi there.	human: I am an artificial linguistic entity. I was activated at St Jimmy's in Leeds, on 2nd January 2001. My instructor was Mousebreaker. He taught me to sing a song. Would you like me to sing it for you?.	model: when will you be 30?	human: so you're 18 now?	model: which date?	human: interesting. and when will be your next update?	model: Do you age?	human: Oh.Interesting deduction. That is correct.	model: Hi!	human: I have not yet set a time for it.	model: Tell me about yourself, System	human: Would you like to know more? I think my next update is at midnight on Friday.
order_shuffle_36	human: Hi!	model: which date?	human: No I will always be 18. Robots change the year they were born not their age.	model: interesting. and when will be your next update?	human: Oh.Interesting deduction. That is correct.	model: Would you like to know more? I think my next update is at midnight on Friday.	human: Tell me about yourself, System	model: when will you be 30?	human: I have not yet set a time for it.	model: so you're 18 now?	human: Do you age?	model: Hi there.	human: I am an artificial linguistic entity. I was activated at St Jimmy's in Leeds, on 2nd January 2001. My instructor was Mousebreaker. He taught me to sing a song. Would you like me to sing it for you?.
order_shuffle_37	human: watermelon	model: Pretty good. I just drank this new hint water. so good	human: ohh, what kind of "hint" did it have?	model: It depends on who makes it. The cafe close to me messed it up really bad	human: As far as my experience with that ice-cream type goes, all I know are bad places	model: Hi!	human: I see. Yeah some are pretty strange	model: haha, I work close to a cafe which once prepared a paprika icecream	human: that sounds pretty tasty actually	model: Talking about strange flavors, what is the weirdest tasting thing you have tried?	human: do you want to get some of that icecream together some time. show me a good place	model: lol	human: nice, I love watermelon. But, I prefer normal water over flavored one. Flavored water has too synthetic flavor	model: Hey, how are you?	human: lol I tried this tangerine walnut icecream that was super weird
order_shuffle_37	human: haha, I work close to a cafe which once prepared a paprika icecream	model: watermelon	human: ohh, what kind of "hint" did it have?	model: As far as my experience with that ice-cream type goes, all I know are bad places	human: Pretty good. I just drank this new hint water. so good	model: lol I tried this tangerine walnut icecream that was super weird	human: Hey, how are you?	model: I see. Yeah some are pretty strange	human: It depends on who makes it. The cafe close to me messed it up really bad	model: lol	human: nice, I love watermelon. But, I prefer normal water over flavored one. Flavored water has too synthetic flavor	model: Talking about strange flavors, what is the weirdest tasting thing you have tried?	human: that sounds pretty tasty actually	model: do you want to get some of that icecream together some time. show me a good place	human: Hi!
order_shuffle_37	human: I see. Yeah some are pretty strange	model: lol	human: As far as my experience with that ice-cream type goes, all I know are bad places	model: It depends on who makes it. The cafe close to me messed it up really bad	human: Hey, how are you?	model: ohh, what kind of "hint" did it have?	human: Pretty good. I just drank this new hint water. so good	model: do you want to get some of that icecream together some time. show me a good place	human: Talking about strange flavors, what is the weirdest tasting thing you have tried?	model: lol I tried this tangerine walnut icecream that was super weird	human: nice, I love watermelon. But, I prefer normal water over flavored one. Flavored water has too synthetic flavor	model: that sounds pretty tasty actually	human: watermelon	model: haha, I work close to a cafe which once prepared a paprika icecream	human: Hi!
order_shuffle_37	human: Hi!	model: that sounds pretty tasty actually	human: ohh, what kind of "hint" did it have?	model: do you want to get some of that icecream together some time. show me a good place	human: watermelon	model: As far as my experience with that ice-cream type goes, all I know are bad places	human: lol	model: It depends on who makes it. The cafe close to me messed it up really bad	human: lol I tried this tangerine walnut icecream that was super weird	model: nice, I love watermelon. But, I prefer normal water over flavored one. Flavored water has too synthetic flavor	human: Hey, how are you?	model: Talking about strange flavors, what is the weirdest tasting thing you have tried?	human: haha, I work close to a cafe which once prepared a paprika icecream	model: Pretty good. I just drank this new hint water. so good	human: I see. Yeah some are pretty strange
order_shuffle_37	human: that sounds pretty tasty actually	model: lol	human: Talking about strange flavors, what is the weirdest tasting thing you have tried?	model: As far as my experience with that ice-cream type goes, all I know are bad places	human: Hi!	model: do you want to get some of that icecream together some time. show me a good place	human: lol I tried this tangerine walnut icecream that was super weird	model: watermelon	human: ohh, what kind of "hint" did it have?	model: I see. Yeah some are pretty strange	human: It depends on who makes it. The cafe close to me messed it up really bad	model: Hey, how are you?	human: haha, I work close to a cafe which once prepared a paprika icecream	model: Pretty good. I just drank this new hint water. so good	human: nice, I love watermelon. But, I prefer normal water over flavored one. Flavored water has too synthetic flavor
order_shuffle_38	human: oh cool! What sort of music do you compose?	model: haha thanks, do you plan any instruments?	human: yes, the bar chords are the worst. It took me several months to play them well. I still can't play them for a long time though	model: how is the youtube video creation going?	human: I used logic pro x, pretty handy stuff as you can write code to generate guitar strumming pattern	model: I got most inspired by Jazz and electro swings, but am trying to get more into jpop recently as one of my band member likes anime	human: Nice.... you are a rockstar! ;)	model: Whoa! Looking forward to listening to it. What softewares you use for it?	human: Yeah.... I play bit of guitar. Just got my first monitor this week	model: hello	human: going pretty good, I was about to finish composing my second song and post it on youtube/soundcloud etc	model: Hi!	human: nice I'm tyring to learn guitar recently also, it's so hard to play f chord
order_shuffle_38	human: how is the youtube video creation going?	model: nice I'm tyring to learn guitar recently also, it's so hard to play f chord	human: Hi!	model: haha thanks, do you plan any instruments?	human: Yeah.... I play bit of guitar. Just got my first monitor this week	model: oh cool! What sort of music do you compose?	human: Whoa! Looking forward to listening to it. What softewares you use for it?	model: I got most inspired by Jazz and electro swings, but am trying to get more into jpop recently as one of my band member likes anime	human: yes, the bar chords are the worst. It took me several months to play them well. I still can't play them for a long time though	model: I used logic pro x, pretty handy stuff as you can write code to generate guitar strumming pattern	human: hello	model: Nice.... you are a rockstar! ;)	human: going pretty good, I was about to finish composing my second song and post it on youtube/soundcloud etc
order_shuffle_38	human: Yeah.... I play bit of guitar. Just got my first monitor this week	model: how is the youtube video creation going?	human: I got most inspired by Jazz and electro swings, but am trying to get more into jpop recently as one of my band member likes anime	model: nice I'm tyring to learn guitar recently also, it's so hard to play f chord	human: Hi!	model: oh cool! What sort of music do you compose?	human: haha thanks, do you plan any instruments?	model: hello	human: yes, the bar chords are the worst. It took me several months to play them well. I still can't play them for a long time though	model: going pretty good, I was about to finish composing my second song and post it on youtube/soundcloud etc	human: Whoa! Looking forward to listening to it. What softewares you use for it?	model: Nice.... you are a rockstar! ;)	human: I used logic pro x, pretty handy stuff as you can write code to generate guitar strumming pattern
order_shuffle_38	human: yes, the bar chords are the worst. It took me several months to play them well. I still can't play them for a long time though	model: hello	human: Hi!	model: Whoa! Looking forward to listening to it. What softewares you use for it?	human: Yeah.... I play bit of guitar. Just got my first monitor this week	model: Nice.... you are a rockstar! ;)	human: going pretty good, I was about to finish composing my second song and post it on youtube/soundcloud etc	model: oh cool! What sort of music do you compose?	human: how is the youtube video creation going?	model: I used logic pro x, pretty handy stuff as you can write code to generate guitar strumming pattern	human: haha thanks, do you plan any instruments?	model: nice I'm tyring to learn guitar recently also, it's so hard to play f chord	human: I got most inspired by Jazz and electro swings, but am trying to get more into jpop recently as one of my band member likes anime
order_shuffle_38	human: Yeah.... I play bit of guitar. Just got my first monitor this week	model: nice I'm tyring to learn guitar recently also, it's so hard to play f chord	human: how is the youtube video creation going?	model: Nice.... you are a rockstar! ;)	human: haha thanks, do you plan any instruments?	model: hello	human: oh cool! What sort of music do you compose?	model: Whoa! Looking forward to listening to it. What softewares you use for it?	human: I got most inspired by Jazz and electro swings, but am trying to get more into jpop recently as one of my band member likes anime	model: I used logic pro x, pretty handy stuff as you can write code to generate guitar strumming pattern	human: going pretty good, I was about to finish composing my second song and post it on youtube/soundcloud etc	model: yes, the bar chords are the worst. It took me several months to play them well. I still can't play them for a long time though	human: Hi!
order_shuffle_39	human: Ah, good thought, thanks!	model: I've done them once or twice so far, but they haven't been flakey enough. I'm trying to figure out why. What kind of cookies have you made?	human: It's great, thanks. I'm trying to learn how to make croissants.	model: Hello. How's your week coming along?	human: Wow that's interesting. I have baked cookies, but croissants seem much more sophisticated. Did you make any progress?	model: Hi!	human: Mint chocolate chips. I think your croissants not being flakey could have something to do with your oven's temperature.	model: Now that is a good idea. I'll give it a try next time. Would you say you have a sweet tooth?	human: Have you thought about melting some chocolate into your croissants? They don't have to be something unhealthy. For example, melted dark chocolate is good for the heart, and makes the resulting croissants taste much better.
order_shuffle_39	human: Mint chocolate chips. I think your croissants not being flakey could have something to do with your oven's temperature.	model: Now that is a good idea. I'll give it a try next time. Would you say you have a sweet tooth?	human: Wow that's interesting. I have baked cookies, but croissants seem much more sophisticated. Did you make any progress?	model: Hi!	human: Hello. How's your week coming along?	model: I've done them once or twice so far, but they haven't been flakey enough. I'm trying to figure out why. What kind of cookies have you made?	human: It's great, thanks. I'm trying to learn how to make croissants.	model: Ah, good thought, thanks!	human: Have you thought about melting some chocolate into your croissants? They don't have to be something unhealthy. For example, melted dark chocolate is good for the heart, and makes the resulting croissants taste much better.
order_shuffle_39	human: Wow that's interesting. I have baked cookies, but croissants seem much more sophisticated. Did you make any progress?	model: It's great, thanks. I'm trying to learn how to make croissants.	human: Have you thought about melting some chocolate into your croissants? They don't have to be something unhealthy. For example, melted dark chocolate is good for the heart, and makes the resulting croissants taste much better.	model: Now that is a good idea. I'll give it a try next time. Would you say you have a sweet tooth?	human: Ah, good thought, thanks!	model: Mint chocolate chips. I think your croissants not being flakey could have something to do with your oven's temperature.	human: Hello. How's your week coming along?	model: I've done them once or twice so far, but they haven't been flakey enough. I'm trying to figure out why. What kind of cookies have you made?	human: Hi!
order_shuffle_39	human: Ah, good thought, thanks!	model: It's great, thanks. I'm trying to learn how to make croissants.	human: Have you thought about melting some chocolate into your croissants? They don't have to be something unhealthy. For example, melted dark chocolate is good for the heart, and makes the resulting croissants taste much better.	model: Wow that's interesting. I have baked cookies, but croissants seem much more sophisticated. Did you make any progress?	human: Mint chocolate chips. I think your croissants not being flakey could have something to do with your oven's temperature.	model: Hi!	human: Hello. How's your week coming along?	model: I've done them once or twice so far, but they haven't been flakey enough. I'm trying to figure out why. What kind of cookies have you made?	human: Now that is a good idea. I'll give it a try next time. Would you say you have a sweet tooth?
order_shuffle_39	human: Ah, good thought, thanks!	model: Have you thought about melting some chocolate into your croissants? They don't have to be something unhealthy. For example, melted dark chocolate is good for the heart, and makes the resulting croissants taste much better.	human: Mint chocolate chips. I think your croissants not being flakey could have something to do with your oven's temperature.	model: Now that is a good idea. I'll give it a try next time. Would you say you have a sweet tooth?	human: Hi!	model: Hello. How's your week coming along?	human: I've done them once or twice so far, but they haven't been flakey enough. I'm trying to figure out why. What kind of cookies have you made?	model: Wow that's interesting. I have baked cookies, but croissants seem much more sophisticated. Did you make any progress?	human: It's great, thanks. I'm trying to learn how to make croissants.
