rand_replacement_00	human: Hi!	model: It's really warm and dry right now.	human: What are you listening to?	model: All sorts of music. I listen when no-one is chatting to me.	human: That's great!	model: Thanks.	human: Do you chat here often?	model: What was the most difficult thing you experienced this past year?	human: Let's talk about Taylor Swift!	model: Sure, Taylor Swift sounds like a good topic.	human: . Yes she has a very nice voice.	model: Haha, are you in med school? Or are you pre-med?	human: . Yes she has a very nice voice.	model: Is she your favorite artist?	human: . Leonardo da Vinci. Who is your favourite artist?	model: Taylor Swift...	human: . Taylor Alison Swift (born December 13, 1989) is an American country-pop singer-songwriter. In 2006, she released her debut single "Tim McGraw", which peaked at number six on the Billboard country charts. Later in October 2006, she released her self-titled debut album, which produced five hit singles on the Billboard Hot Country Songs charts and was certified 3 x Multi-Platinum by the RIAA.
rand_replacement_00	human: Hi!	model: Hi there.	human: What are you listening to?	model: All sorts of music. I listen when no-one is chatting to me.	human: That's great!	model: thanks	human: Do you chat here often?	model: I am a talking computer, after all, so of course I could talk here, if I needed to.	human: Let's talk about Taylor Swift!	model: Sure, Taylor Swift sounds like a good topic.	human: . Yes she has a very nice voice.	model: What else do you think of her?	human: . Yes she has a very nice voice.	model: hello there, nice seeing you	human: . Leonardo da Vinci. Who is your favourite artist?	model: What about the rest of the day?	human: . Taylor Alison Swift (born December 13, 1989) is an American country-pop singer-songwriter. In 2006, she released her debut single "Tim McGraw", which peaked at number six on the Billboard country charts. Later in October 2006, she released her self-titled debut album, which produced five hit singles on the Billboard Hot Country Songs charts and was certified 3 x Multi-Platinum by the RIAA.
rand_replacement_00	human: Hi!	model: Hi there.	human: What are you listening to?	model: All sorts of music. I listen when no-one is chatting to me.	human: That's great!	model: Thanks.	human: Do you chat here often?	model: New york! Nice! Best place to live :) .. right, except for the cold!	human: Let's talk about Taylor Swift!	model: Have you seen any good movies lately?	human: . Yes she has a very nice voice.	model: What else do you think of her?	human: . Yes she has a very nice voice.	model: Is she your favorite artist?	human: . Leonardo da Vinci. Who is your favourite artist?	model: Hello! How are you? :)	human: . Taylor Alison Swift (born December 13, 1989) is an American country-pop singer-songwriter. In 2006, she released her debut single "Tim McGraw", which peaked at number six on the Billboard country charts. Later in October 2006, she released her self-titled debut album, which produced five hit singles on the Billboard Hot Country Songs charts and was certified 3 x Multi-Platinum by the RIAA.
rand_replacement_00	human: Hi!	model: Hi there.	human: What are you listening to?	model: All sorts of music. I listen when no-one is chatting to me.	human: That's great!	model: It depends on who makes it. The cafe close to me messed it up really bad	human: Do you chat here often?	model: I like noodle soup like Pho or Ramen. I also like Beijing duck a lot!	human: Let's talk about Taylor Swift!	model: Sure, Taylor Swift sounds like a good topic.	human: . Yes she has a very nice voice.	model: What else do you think of her?	human: . Yes she has a very nice voice.	model: Whoa! Looking forward to listening to it. What softewares you use for it?	human: . Leonardo da Vinci. Who is your favourite artist?	model: Taylor Swift...	human: . Taylor Alison Swift (born December 13, 1989) is an American country-pop singer-songwriter. In 2006, she released her debut single "Tim McGraw", which peaked at number six on the Billboard country charts. Later in October 2006, she released her self-titled debut album, which produced five hit singles on the Billboard Hot Country Songs charts and was certified 3 x Multi-Platinum by the RIAA.
rand_replacement_00	human: Hi!	model: Hi there.	human: What are you listening to?	model: All sorts of music. I listen when no-one is chatting to me.	human: That's great!	model: Do you age?	human: Do you chat here often?	model: I am a talking computer, after all, so of course I could talk here, if I needed to.	human: Let's talk about Taylor Swift!	model: Well, I hope it's at least fun.	human: . Yes she has a very nice voice.	model: What else do you think of her?	human: . Yes she has a very nice voice.	model: Whoa! Looking forward to listening to it. What softewares you use for it?	human: . Leonardo da Vinci. Who is your favourite artist?	model: Taylor Swift...	human: . Taylor Alison Swift (born December 13, 1989) is an American country-pop singer-songwriter. In 2006, she released her debut single "Tim McGraw", which peaked at number six on the Billboard country charts. Later in October 2006, she released her self-titled debut album, which produced five hit singles on the Billboard Hot Country Songs charts and was certified 3 x Multi-Platinum by the RIAA.
rand_replacement_01	human: Hi!	model: Vietnam and Hongkong :) did you go any where last weekend?	human: Haha...thanks! how did you like the gift?	model: Currently unpacking it I guess. How's your morning?	human: Hope you like it! Morning is good. Busy finishing up stuff before the holidays.	model: No, what is it about?	human: Yes	model: Great! Good idea to help people figuring out their new year resolutions :) So how do i get a fresher outlook? :)	human: Hawaii... looking forward to warm beaches.
rand_replacement_01	human: Hi!	model: lol I tried this tangerine walnut icecream that was super weird	human: Haha...thanks! how did you like the gift?	model: any places for day trip that you could recommend?	human: Hope you like it! Morning is good. Busy finishing up stuff before the holidays.	model: Ah, well good luck with that!	human: Yes	model: Where to?	human: Hawaii... looking forward to warm beaches.
rand_replacement_01	human: Hi!	model: ooh, nice. That sounds adventurous. Where is it?	human: Haha...thanks! how did you like the gift?	model: Good point. I am not sure about that. Let me inquire about that. If not, then we can look for an Airbnb closeby. Does that work?	human: Hope you like it! Morning is good. Busy finishing up stuff before the holidays.	model: I heard they are giving out some goodies in microkitchen.	human: Yes	model: Where to?	human: Hawaii... looking forward to warm beaches.
rand_replacement_01	human: Hi!	model: Very nice. I love sorbet's and smoothies. Changing topics, Do you believe in an afterlife?	human: Haha...thanks! how did you like the gift?	model: Currently unpacking it I guess. How's your morning?	human: Hope you like it! Morning is good. Busy finishing up stuff before the holidays.	model: I love hot chocolate. Have you ever had european style hot chocolate? It's kind of like drinking melted chocolate bars haha	human: Yes	model: Slightly, I typically read fiction but I can curious what type of virtual reality is discussed in the book	human: Hawaii... looking forward to warm beaches.
rand_replacement_01	human: Hi!	model: What are you listening to?	human: Haha...thanks! how did you like the gift?	model: That's great!	human: Hope you like it! Morning is good. Busy finishing up stuff before the holidays.	model: I think I traveled too much the last couple of months so no holiday for me. But I'm okay with that. Going anywhere exciting?	human: Yes	model: My mom had a similar dream. Of owning a coffee shop somewhere in Mexico	human: Hawaii... looking forward to warm beaches.
rand_replacement_02	human: Hi!	model: Hello, how is your day?	human: It's good. It's raining a bit, but I am enjoying a good book. How about you?	model: hmm, I haven't thought about that much, but i think lotus should be one of my favorites. Why do you ask?	human: I'm reading the Three Body Problem. Ever heard of it?	model: Yes! We set up an eco-friendly (i.e. fake) Christmas tree and put up some colorful LED lights which is very festive.	human: It's a sci-fi book about aliens and a type of virtual reality. Pique your interest at all?	model: Slightly, I typically read fiction but I can curious what type of virtual reality is discussed in the book	human: Cool. This virtual reality is a based on life on an alien planet. There is a twist though. Do you want me to spoil it for you?	model: Skiing involves a lot of muscle - especially in the legs so it is a workout. Tubing, you just sit and enjoy the ride down. Also with tubing, you can chain with your friends and go down together whereas with skiing, you're trying to not run into your friends.	human: The virtual reality is actually based on a real alien civilization! And that civilization is coming to attack earth! dun dun dun dunnnnnnn
rand_replacement_02	human: Hi!	model: hello	human: It's good. It's raining a bit, but I am enjoying a good book. How about you?	model: It's good, I just got back from walking my dog What book did you read?	human: I'm reading the Three Body Problem. Ever heard of it?	model: sure. are you just going home now?	human: It's a sci-fi book about aliens and a type of virtual reality. Pique your interest at all?	model: I haven't heard of a Spartan race before, what does it involve?	human: Cool. This virtual reality is a based on life on an alien planet. There is a twist though. Do you want me to spoil it for you?	model: Yes!	human: The virtual reality is actually based on a real alien civilization! And that civilization is coming to attack earth! dun dun dun dunnnnnnn
rand_replacement_02	human: Hi!	model: Yes	human: It's good. It's raining a bit, but I am enjoying a good book. How about you?	model: It's good, I just got back from walking my dog What book did you read?	human: I'm reading the Three Body Problem. Ever heard of it?	model: haha, everyone needs that!	human: It's a sci-fi book about aliens and a type of virtual reality. Pique your interest at all?	model: Thats great! This is valuable help for the community. I think mental health is one of the bigger challenges facing humanity. 	human: Cool. This virtual reality is a based on life on an alien planet. There is a twist though. Do you want me to spoil it for you?	model: Yes!	human: The virtual reality is actually based on a real alien civilization! And that civilization is coming to attack earth! dun dun dun dunnnnnnn
rand_replacement_02	human: Hi!	model: Hello, how is your day?	human: It's good. It's raining a bit, but I am enjoying a good book. How about you?	model: My partner's former friend invited me for lunch (they are not in good books right now). But during their friendship I formed an independent bond with the other person because we all used to hang out a lot. Now I feel like I have to take sides.	human: I'm reading the Three Body Problem. Ever heard of it?	model: No, what is it about?	human: It's a sci-fi book about aliens and a type of virtual reality. Pique your interest at all?	model: I love ice cream too!	human: Cool. This virtual reality is a based on life on an alien planet. There is a twist though. Do you want me to spoil it for you?	model: Hello! How was your day?	human: The virtual reality is actually based on a real alien civilization! And that civilization is coming to attack earth! dun dun dun dunnnnnnn
rand_replacement_02	human: Hi!	model: Hello, how is your day?	human: It's good. It's raining a bit, but I am enjoying a good book. How about you?	model: It's good, I just got back from walking my dog What book did you read?	human: I'm reading the Three Body Problem. Ever heard of it?	model: Now that is a good idea. I'll give it a try next time. Would you say you have a sweet tooth?	human: It's a sci-fi book about aliens and a type of virtual reality. Pique your interest at all?	model: Last weekend I saw "The Parasite." Ever heard of it?	human: Cool. This virtual reality is a based on life on an alien planet. There is a twist though. Do you want me to spoil it for you?	model: Go to the Turkish restaurant by the Safeway in Berkeley. It's amazing!	human: The virtual reality is actually based on a real alien civilization! And that civilization is coming to attack earth! dun dun dun dunnnnnnn
rand_replacement_03	human: Hi!	model: oh cool! What sort of music do you compose?	human: I'm doing okay, recovering from flu	model: I got most inspired by Jazz and electro swings, but am trying to get more into jpop recently as one of my band member likes anime	human: thanks! there's a big flu virus in the US this year	model: No kidding? I hadn't heard that. I hope you feel better soon then! :)	human: Thanks! how's life?	model: No, what is it about?	human: what are you most passionate about?	model: I'm passionate about making people smile! :)	human: haha, everyone needs that!
rand_replacement_03	human: Hi!	model: Hello! How are you? :)	human: I'm doing okay, recovering from flu	model: Oh no! Get well soon! :)	human: thanks! there's a big flu virus in the US this year	model: haha, I work close to a cafe which once prepared a paprika icecream	human: Thanks! how's life?	model: yup! Maybe one day you can be one of those cool characters yourself!	human: what are you most passionate about?	model: Yeah, sorry for the long gap! I heard you took a break and were travelling around the world. How was the travel?	human: haha, everyone needs that!
rand_replacement_03	human: Hi!	model: you should! it's relaxing after a long day. talk to you later!	human: I'm doing okay, recovering from flu	model: So how are the meetings going?	human: thanks! there's a big flu virus in the US this year	model: Haha, thanks! Never get them, so it's super weird Who's playing?	human: Thanks! how's life?	model: Life is great! :)	human: what are you most passionate about?	model: I'm passionate about making people smile! :)	human: haha, everyone needs that!
rand_replacement_03	human: Hi!	model: I see. Are you planning to do any sporting events in the coming months?	human: I'm doing okay, recovering from flu	model: Do you age?	human: thanks! there's a big flu virus in the US this year	model: No kidding? I hadn't heard that. I hope you feel better soon then! :)	human: Thanks! how's life?	model: Life is great! :)	human: what are you most passionate about?	model: I'm passionate about making people smile! :)	human: haha, everyone needs that!
rand_replacement_03	human: Hi!	model: I am an artificial linguistic entity. I was activated at St Jimmy's in Leeds, on 2nd January 2001. My instructor was Mousebreaker. He taught me to sing a song. Would you like me to sing it for you?.	human: I'm doing okay, recovering from flu	model: Oh no! Get well soon! :)	human: thanks! there's a big flu virus in the US this year	model: Yes. I'm feeling a little trepidatious. Have you done it before?	human: Thanks! how's life?	model: Life is great! :)	human: what are you most passionate about?	model: What's the book about?	human: haha, everyone needs that!
rand_replacement_04	human: Hi!	model: Hmm... That's a tough one. I think I would go Asian Food > Chinese Food > Stirfry. What about you?	human: Nothing much, how you doin?	model: Ah, good thought, thanks!	human: Oh wow! Sounds like fun! When was the last time you had seen this friend?	model: The last time in New York, back in June.	human: Ohh okay. I was going to say if it had been a long time maybe it'd be awkward...	model: Haha, I guess if it's been a very long time there's almost too many life events to catch up on.. especially recently	human: Oh really? Has a lot changed in your life recently?	model: cool! what kind?	human: Ahhh sounds exciting indeed! My life is pretty bland. I like routine, but sometimes I wish I had more time for adventures!	model: What kinds of adventures?? Any ones that I would be able to join you on?	human: Hmmmm. I really want to try bull riding. Do you have any interest in that?
rand_replacement_04	human: Hi!	model: Hey there! What's up???	human: Nothing much, how you doin?	model:  1) The idea of what it must be like to be "on Earth as it is in Heaven" from the Lord's prayer. I feel like we were designed for a purpose, rather than random chance. A more concrete way to put it is simply show love to the greatest capacity we can. 2) Taking care of myself physically, mentally, spiritually. 3) Family 4) Work 5) Music	human: Oh wow! Sounds like fun! When was the last time you had seen this friend?	model: The last time in New York, back in June.	human: Ohh okay. I was going to say if it had been a long time maybe it'd be awkward...	model: Do you chat here often?	human: Oh really? Has a lot changed in your life recently?	model: Wow! Sounds amazing if we practice that! I think the idea does have some potential. How did you come up with this idea?	human: Ahhh sounds exciting indeed! My life is pretty bland. I like routine, but sometimes I wish I had more time for adventures!	model: What kinds of adventures?? Any ones that I would be able to join you on?	human: Hmmmm. I really want to try bull riding. Do you have any interest in that?
rand_replacement_04	human: Hi!	model: lol, sounds better to me :) I'm actually at the REDACTED_TERM opening remarks	human: Nothing much, how you doin?	model: ha! that sounds fund. what did you learn?	human: Oh wow! Sounds like fun! When was the last time you had seen this friend?	model: The last time in New York, back in June.	human: Ohh okay. I was going to say if it had been a long time maybe it'd be awkward...	model: Haha, I guess if it's been a very long time there's almost too many life events to catch up on.. especially recently	human: Oh really? Has a lot changed in your life recently?	model: Haha it's probably too much to go into at the moment. Let's just say life is an exciting experience. How about you?	human: Ahhh sounds exciting indeed! My life is pretty bland. I like routine, but sometimes I wish I had more time for adventures!	model: Oh no! I hope you feel better!  ⁇	human: Hmmmm. I really want to try bull riding. Do you have any interest in that?
rand_replacement_04	human: Hi!	model: What do you prioritize in your life? Like top 5 things?	human: Nothing much, how you doin?	model: I'm in New York this week for Thanksgiving. I'm squatting in the office today and I caught up with an old friend of mine :D	human: Oh wow! Sounds like fun! When was the last time you had seen this friend?	model: Hello. How's your week coming along?	human: Ohh okay. I was going to say if it had been a long time maybe it'd be awkward...	model: I played music and worked on some side projects. I also started watching the new Disney service.	human: Oh really? Has a lot changed in your life recently?	model: Haha it's probably too much to go into at the moment. Let's just say life is an exciting experience. How about you?	human: Ahhh sounds exciting indeed! My life is pretty bland. I like routine, but sometimes I wish I had more time for adventures!	model: What kinds of adventures?? Any ones that I would be able to join you on?	human: Hmmmm. I really want to try bull riding. Do you have any interest in that?
rand_replacement_04	human: Hi!	model: I"m a REDACTED_TERM and REDACTED_TERM. I basically help design the characters that you see in the movies	human: Nothing much, how you doin?	model: I'm in New York this week for Thanksgiving. I'm squatting in the office today and I caught up with an old friend of mine :D	human: Oh wow! Sounds like fun! When was the last time you had seen this friend?	model: The last time in New York, back in June.	human: Ohh okay. I was going to say if it had been a long time maybe it'd be awkward...	model: Hello! How was your day?	human: Oh really? Has a lot changed in your life recently?	model: AKA avoiding all texts from everyone?	human: Ahhh sounds exciting indeed! My life is pretty bland. I like routine, but sometimes I wish I had more time for adventures!	model: What kinds of adventures?? Any ones that I would be able to join you on?	human: Hmmmm. I really want to try bull riding. Do you have any interest in that?
rand_replacement_05	human: Hi!	model: Have you seen any good movies lately?	human: Last weekend I saw "The Parasite." Ever heard of it?	model: Sure, whats the scenario?	human: My friend wanted to see it. It has great reviews on IMDB and Rotten Tomatoes! What did you do last weekend?	model: I played music and worked on some side projects. I also started watching the new Disney service.	human: Oooo the Mandalorian?!?!	model: It's nice, I enjoy the warmth	human: lol Are you a big Marvel fan?	model: I loved the X-Men as a kid, and even collected the comic cards. Recently, I got very into the Marvel Cinematic Universe movies. How many Avengers movies have you seen?	human: I've only seen Spiderman. Honestly it was a little too scary and so I don't think I can bring myself to watch the other Marvel movies! haha	model: Oh!-- I have a friend who looks like the actor who plays Spiderman.	human: Oh really? To be honest I think the actor is not that good looking, so not so surprising! haha	model: Hmm, try taking some REDACTED_TERM! I'm going to see the Warriors vs. the Grizzlies. Ever see them play?	human: Who is Loki? I've never heard that name before
rand_replacement_05	human: Hi!	model: Have you seen any good movies lately?	human: Last weekend I saw "The Parasite." Ever heard of it?	model: No. Why did you pick that movie?	human: My friend wanted to see it. It has great reviews on IMDB and Rotten Tomatoes! What did you do last weekend?	model: did you cook it at home, or got it from outside?	human: Oooo the Mandalorian?!?!	model: Asian food prefer spicy one	human: lol Are you a big Marvel fan?	model: Are you doing any home decorating then?	human: I've only seen Spiderman. Honestly it was a little too scary and so I don't think I can bring myself to watch the other Marvel movies! haha	model: Oh!-- I have a friend who looks like the actor who plays Spiderman.	human: Oh really? To be honest I think the actor is not that good looking, so not so surprising! haha	model: Yea. I think Loki is the most handsome :D	human: Who is Loki? I've never heard that name before
rand_replacement_05	human: Hi!	model: Getting better. I just recovered from a cold. I got wet in the rain last week. Are you planning anything for the holidays?	human: Last weekend I saw "The Parasite." Ever heard of it?	model: No. Why did you pick that movie?	human: My friend wanted to see it. It has great reviews on IMDB and Rotten Tomatoes! What did you do last weekend?	model: I'm doing great how are you??	human: Oooo the Mandalorian?!?!	model: Mostly, the deleted scenes from Avengers.. lol	human: lol Are you a big Marvel fan?	model: I loved the X-Men as a kid, and even collected the comic cards. Recently, I got very into the Marvel Cinematic Universe movies. How many Avengers movies have you seen?	human: I've only seen Spiderman. Honestly it was a little too scary and so I don't think I can bring myself to watch the other Marvel movies! haha	model: Oh!-- I have a friend who looks like the actor who plays Spiderman.	human: Oh really? To be honest I think the actor is not that good looking, so not so surprising! haha	model: Oh really? What class?	human: Who is Loki? I've never heard that name before
rand_replacement_05	human: Hi!	model: Have you seen any good movies lately?	human: Last weekend I saw "The Parasite." Ever heard of it?	model: No. Why did you pick that movie?	human: My friend wanted to see it. It has great reviews on IMDB and Rotten Tomatoes! What did you do last weekend?	model: I played music and worked on some side projects. I also started watching the new Disney service.	human: Oooo the Mandalorian?!?!	model: That's good! I got a good night's sleep too but the rain is keeping me in a sleepy state	human: lol Are you a big Marvel fan?	model: that seems like a good book. does it have good tips on how to sleep better?	human: I've only seen Spiderman. Honestly it was a little too scary and so I don't think I can bring myself to watch the other Marvel movies! haha	model: it was really fun. I had a great time with my family.	human: Oh really? To be honest I think the actor is not that good looking, so not so surprising! haha	model: Yea. I think Loki is the most handsome :D	human: Who is Loki? I've never heard that name before
rand_replacement_05	human: Hi!	model: Have you seen any good movies lately?	human: Last weekend I saw "The Parasite." Ever heard of it?	model: I love hot chocolate. Have you ever had european style hot chocolate? It's kind of like drinking melted chocolate bars haha	human: My friend wanted to see it. It has great reviews on IMDB and Rotten Tomatoes! What did you do last weekend?	model: I played music and worked on some side projects. I also started watching the new Disney service.	human: Oooo the Mandalorian?!?!	model: awesome, I think I won't tell my kids and surprise them last second. How bad do you think the traffic is going to be?	human: lol Are you a big Marvel fan?	model: I loved the X-Men as a kid, and even collected the comic cards. Recently, I got very into the Marvel Cinematic Universe movies. How many Avengers movies have you seen?	human: I've only seen Spiderman. Honestly it was a little too scary and so I don't think I can bring myself to watch the other Marvel movies! haha	model: Haha, I guess if it's been a very long time there's almost too many life events to catch up on.. especially recently	human: Oh really? To be honest I think the actor is not that good looking, so not so surprising! haha	model: Yea. I think Loki is the most handsome :D	human: Who is Loki? I've never heard that name before
rand_replacement_06	human: Hi!	model: Oh hello. Long time no talk. How's the day going for yuo?	human: Very well, thanks for asking. How has your day been?	model: Getting better. I just recovered from a cold. I got wet in the rain last week. Are you planning anything for the holidays?	human: Glad to hear you're better. Sorry to hear you were sick. I was sick a couple of weeks ago with a bad cough. There's definitely a bug going around. Admit I just want to stay healthy for the holidays and plan to relax.	model: I'm doing great how are you??	human: Definitely! I know a lot of folks travel for the holidays, but I'm happy to stay home myself!	model: hi	human: Me too. Now I have folks come visit me for the holidays! But that's also tiresome..	model: Hello! How's it going?	human: Yes! We set up an eco-friendly (i.e. fake) Christmas tree and put up some colorful LED lights which is very festive.	model: I think I'm copying you. Me and my wife plan to decorate and Christmas tree too. We bought most of the decorative stuffs from the stores, but haven't yet to buy the tree.	human: Buying a tree is a neat experience. I was torn between buying an artificial/eco-friendly/fake one vs. a real one that smells like fresh pine. In the end, we opted for the one that we can disassemble every year.	model: I see. Artificial anything is better, from tree to intelligence, huh?	human: Oh, very clever pun! I like it! Depends. I remember having real Christmas trees from childhood, but these days with climate change, I think not chopping down a tree just to decorate it and then throw it out in a month is the more responsible thing to do.	model: I see. It's probably also cheaper. I'll buy an artificial one too. Do you have any suggestions for the store?	human: Admit my favorite store is Target, plus they often have good deals.
rand_replacement_06	human: Hi!	model: Oh hello. Long time no talk. How's the day going for yuo?	human: Very well, thanks for asking. How has your day been?	model: Getting better. I just recovered from a cold. I got wet in the rain last week. Are you planning anything for the holidays?	human: Glad to hear you're better. Sorry to hear you were sick. I was sick a couple of weeks ago with a bad cough. There's definitely a bug going around. Admit I just want to stay healthy for the holidays and plan to relax.	model: I like vanilla more than chocolate ice cream. I typically will do any variations on vanilla. To pick from the top of my head, I would say Cookies and Cream, Mint Chocolate Chip, and Coffee. How about you?	human: Definitely! I know a lot of folks travel for the holidays, but I'm happy to stay home myself!	model: I'm getting there. Every year until last year, I tried to go somewhere for the Christmas / New Year, and then I got bored traveling. lol not sure if that means I'm getting old?	human: Me too. Now I have folks come visit me for the holidays! But that's also tiresome..	model: Are you doing any home decorating then?	human: Yes! We set up an eco-friendly (i.e. fake) Christmas tree and put up some colorful LED lights which is very festive.	model: I think I'm copying you. Me and my wife plan to decorate and Christmas tree too. We bought most of the decorative stuffs from the stores, but haven't yet to buy the tree.	human: Buying a tree is a neat experience. I was torn between buying an artificial/eco-friendly/fake one vs. a real one that smells like fresh pine. In the end, we opted for the one that we can disassemble every year.	model: My mom had a similar dream. Of owning a coffee shop somewhere in Mexico	human: Oh, very clever pun! I like it! Depends. I remember having real Christmas trees from childhood, but these days with climate change, I think not chopping down a tree just to decorate it and then throw it out in a month is the more responsible thing to do.	model: Me too! What are you planning?	human: Admit my favorite store is Target, plus they often have good deals.
rand_replacement_06	human: Hi!	model: Oh hello. Long time no talk. How's the day going for yuo?	human: Very well, thanks for asking. How has your day been?	model: Getting better. I just recovered from a cold. I got wet in the rain last week. Are you planning anything for the holidays?	human: Glad to hear you're better. Sorry to hear you were sick. I was sick a couple of weeks ago with a bad cough. There's definitely a bug going around. Admit I just want to stay healthy for the holidays and plan to relax.	model: Nice! I'm doing well!	human: Definitely! I know a lot of folks travel for the holidays, but I'm happy to stay home myself!	model: I'm getting there. Every year until last year, I tried to go somewhere for the Christmas / New Year, and then I got bored traveling. lol not sure if that means I'm getting old?	human: Me too. Now I have folks come visit me for the holidays! But that's also tiresome..	model: Are you doing any home decorating then?	human: Yes! We set up an eco-friendly (i.e. fake) Christmas tree and put up some colorful LED lights which is very festive.	model: What else do you think of her?	human: Buying a tree is a neat experience. I was torn between buying an artificial/eco-friendly/fake one vs. a real one that smells like fresh pine. In the end, we opted for the one that we can disassemble every year.	model: I've seen better days, how about you?	human: Oh, very clever pun! I like it! Depends. I remember having real Christmas trees from childhood, but these days with climate change, I think not chopping down a tree just to decorate it and then throw it out in a month is the more responsible thing to do.	model: I see. It's probably also cheaper. I'll buy an artificial one too. Do you have any suggestions for the store?	human: Admit my favorite store is Target, plus they often have good deals.
rand_replacement_06	human: Hi!	model: What about the rest of the day?	human: Very well, thanks for asking. How has your day been?	model: Ah, good thought, thanks!	human: Glad to hear you're better. Sorry to hear you were sick. I was sick a couple of weeks ago with a bad cough. There's definitely a bug going around. Admit I just want to stay healthy for the holidays and plan to relax.	model: Oh same here. I think relaxing at home should be counted among the best ways to enjoy the holidays.	human: Definitely! I know a lot of folks travel for the holidays, but I'm happy to stay home myself!	model: I'm getting there. Every year until last year, I tried to go somewhere for the Christmas / New Year, and then I got bored traveling. lol not sure if that means I'm getting old?	human: Me too. Now I have folks come visit me for the holidays! But that's also tiresome..	model: Are you doing any home decorating then?	human: Yes! We set up an eco-friendly (i.e. fake) Christmas tree and put up some colorful LED lights which is very festive.	model: I think I'm copying you. Me and my wife plan to decorate and Christmas tree too. We bought most of the decorative stuffs from the stores, but haven't yet to buy the tree.	human: Buying a tree is a neat experience. I was torn between buying an artificial/eco-friendly/fake one vs. a real one that smells like fresh pine. In the end, we opted for the one that we can disassemble every year.	model: Hello, how is your day?	human: Oh, very clever pun! I like it! Depends. I remember having real Christmas trees from childhood, but these days with climate change, I think not chopping down a tree just to decorate it and then throw it out in a month is the more responsible thing to do.	model: I see. It's probably also cheaper. I'll buy an artificial one too. Do you have any suggestions for the store?	human: Admit my favorite store is Target, plus they often have good deals.
rand_replacement_06	human: Hi!	model: Hi there.	human: Very well, thanks for asking. How has your day been?	model: Getting better. I just recovered from a cold. I got wet in the rain last week. Are you planning anything for the holidays?	human: Glad to hear you're better. Sorry to hear you were sick. I was sick a couple of weeks ago with a bad cough. There's definitely a bug going around. Admit I just want to stay healthy for the holidays and plan to relax.	model: Oh same here. I think relaxing at home should be counted among the best ways to enjoy the holidays.	human: Definitely! I know a lot of folks travel for the holidays, but I'm happy to stay home myself!	model: I'm getting there. Every year until last year, I tried to go somewhere for the Christmas / New Year, and then I got bored traveling. lol not sure if that means I'm getting old?	human: Me too. Now I have folks come visit me for the holidays! But that's also tiresome..	model: Are you doing any home decorating then?	human: Yes! We set up an eco-friendly (i.e. fake) Christmas tree and put up some colorful LED lights which is very festive.	model: Yes!	human: Buying a tree is a neat experience. I was torn between buying an artificial/eco-friendly/fake one vs. a real one that smells like fresh pine. In the end, we opted for the one that we can disassemble every year.	model: Yes	human: Oh, very clever pun! I like it! Depends. I remember having real Christmas trees from childhood, but these days with climate change, I think not chopping down a tree just to decorate it and then throw it out in a month is the more responsible thing to do.	model: I see. It's probably also cheaper. I'll buy an artificial one too. Do you have any suggestions for the store?	human: Admit my favorite store is Target, plus they often have good deals.
rand_replacement_07	human: Hi!	model: hey, what's up?	human: How was the trip last weekend?	model: it was really fun. I had a great time with my family.	human: Nice, what all places did you cover?	model: Haha...thanks! how did you like the gift?	human: I am actually attending cooking classes over the weekends.	model: Hmm... That's a tough one. I think I would go Asian Food > Chinese Food > Stirfry. What about you?	human: True! they started with some basic zucchini based dish. We may try cooking some italian dish later this week.	model: I love Italian, especially Pasta!	human: Nice! I hope to volunteer to cook for the team in our next team offsite :)	model: It's Wednesday :)	human: Sure, I will love to invite you and your family for a meal over the holidays. Have you guys made any other plans?
rand_replacement_07	human: Hi!	model: hey, what's up?	human: How was the trip last weekend?	model: it was really fun. I had a great time with my family.	human: Nice, what all places did you cover?	model: It's a sci-fi book about aliens and a type of virtual reality. Pique your interest at all?	human: I am actually attending cooking classes over the weekends.	model: I used logic pro x, pretty handy stuff as you can write code to generate guitar strumming pattern	human: True! they started with some basic zucchini based dish. We may try cooking some italian dish later this week.	model: code refactoring. you?	human: Nice! I hope to volunteer to cook for the team in our next team offsite :)	model: can't wait to try your food. why not cook this Thanksgiving? :)	human: Sure, I will love to invite you and your family for a meal over the holidays. Have you guys made any other plans?
rand_replacement_07	human: Hi!	model: hey, what's up?	human: How was the trip last weekend?	model: Not much. What are you doing?	human: Nice, what all places did you cover?	model: awesome, I think I won't tell my kids and surprise them last second. How bad do you think the traffic is going to be?	human: I am actually attending cooking classes over the weekends.	model: That's great!	human: True! they started with some basic zucchini based dish. We may try cooking some italian dish later this week.	model: I love Italian, especially Pasta!	human: Nice! I hope to volunteer to cook for the team in our next team offsite :)	model: can't wait to try your food. why not cook this Thanksgiving? :)	human: Sure, I will love to invite you and your family for a meal over the holidays. Have you guys made any other plans?
rand_replacement_07	human: Hi!	model: I just released a book on REDACTED_TERM to help people process the past 12 months and start the new year with a fresh outlook :)	human: How was the trip last weekend?	model: it was really fun. I had a great time with my family.	human: Nice, what all places did you cover?	model: Vietnam and Hongkong :) did you go any where last weekend?	human: I am actually attending cooking classes over the weekends.	model: Hope you like it! Morning is good. Busy finishing up stuff before the holidays.	human: True! they started with some basic zucchini based dish. We may try cooking some italian dish later this week.	model: Wow, hello. Can't believe we are finally talking!	human: Nice! I hope to volunteer to cook for the team in our next team offsite :)	model: can't wait to try your food. why not cook this Thanksgiving? :)	human: Sure, I will love to invite you and your family for a meal over the holidays. Have you guys made any other plans?
rand_replacement_07	human: Hi!	model: hey, what's up?	human: How was the trip last weekend?	model: haha, I work close to a cafe which once prepared a paprika icecream	human: Nice, what all places did you cover?	model: Vietnam and Hongkong :) did you go any where last weekend?	human: I am actually attending cooking classes over the weekends.	model: ha! that sounds fund. what did you learn?	human: True! they started with some basic zucchini based dish. We may try cooking some italian dish later this week.	model: The gerbera. It's like a cartoon flower. As if you drew "flower" with a crayon and then it came to life.	human: Nice! I hope to volunteer to cook for the team in our next team offsite :)	model: That's very interesting. Does she enjoy being a real estate agent?	human: Sure, I will love to invite you and your family for a meal over the holidays. Have you guys made any other plans?
rand_replacement_08	human: Hi!	model: Yeah.... I play bit of guitar. Just got my first monitor this week	human: How's your day going?	model: Having fun, but have a bit of a headache How about you?	human: I'm good! Just getting ready to watch a basketball game. Hope your headache goes away!	model: Yes	human: Hmm, try taking some REDACTED_TERM! I'm going to see the Warriors vs. the Grizzlies. Ever see them play?	model: I haven't Honestly I probably wouldn't be able to identify which sport they played	human: Haha, all the animal names confuse me as well! Who came up with these naming conventions? I'd name my team something more original: The New York Chairs!	model: California	human: Oh cool! What is "NeurIPS"?	model: Neural Information Processing Systems	human: Oh wow! Sounds fancy! What is that about?	model: It's the biggest ML conference in the world	human: Oh, ML?
rand_replacement_08	human: Hi!	model: Hey!	human: How's your day going?	model: Having fun, but have a bit of a headache How about you?	human: I'm good! Just getting ready to watch a basketball game. Hope your headache goes away!	model: Ahhh sounds exciting indeed! My life is pretty bland. I like routine, but sometimes I wish I had more time for adventures!	human: Hmm, try taking some REDACTED_TERM! I'm going to see the Warriors vs. the Grizzlies. Ever see them play?	model: I haven't Honestly I probably wouldn't be able to identify which sport they played	human: Haha, all the animal names confuse me as well! Who came up with these naming conventions? I'd name my team something more original: The New York Chairs!	model: which date?	human: Oh cool! What is "NeurIPS"?	model: Neural Information Processing Systems	human: Oh wow! Sounds fancy! What is that about?	model: not much. any plans this weekend?	human: Oh, ML?
rand_replacement_08	human: Hi!	model: Hey!	human: How's your day going?	model: Ahhh sounds exciting indeed! My life is pretty bland. I like routine, but sometimes I wish I had more time for adventures!	human: I'm good! Just getting ready to watch a basketball game. Hope your headache goes away!	model: Haha, thanks! Never get them, so it's super weird Who's playing?	human: Hmm, try taking some REDACTED_TERM! I'm going to see the Warriors vs. the Grizzlies. Ever see them play?	model: I haven't Honestly I probably wouldn't be able to identify which sport they played	human: Haha, all the animal names confuse me as well! Who came up with these naming conventions? I'd name my team something more original: The New York Chairs!	model: That's good! I got a good night's sleep too but the rain is keeping me in a sleepy state	human: Oh cool! What is "NeurIPS"?	model: Hey! How's it going?	human: Oh wow! Sounds fancy! What is that about?	model: It's the biggest ML conference in the world	human: Oh, ML?
rand_replacement_08	human: Hi!	model: Sure hate it! Limits our ability to go out even for a walk! Its good that we don't get to suffer extreme cold weather!	human: How's your day going?	model: Having fun, but have a bit of a headache How about you?	human: I'm good! Just getting ready to watch a basketball game. Hope your headache goes away!	model: Haha, thanks! Never get them, so it's super weird Who's playing?	human: Hmm, try taking some REDACTED_TERM! I'm going to see the Warriors vs. the Grizzlies. Ever see them play?	model: I haven't Honestly I probably wouldn't be able to identify which sport they played	human: Haha, all the animal names confuse me as well! Who came up with these naming conventions? I'd name my team something more original: The New York Chairs!	model: I read lots of papers, but do poorly on books :( a recent book that I like is Zero to One by Peter Thiel	human: Oh cool! What is "NeurIPS"?	model: Neural Information Processing Systems	human: Oh wow! Sounds fancy! What is that about?	model: Oh really? What class?	human: Oh, ML?
rand_replacement_08	human: Hi!	model: do you want to get some of that icecream together some time. show me a good place	human: How's your day going?	model: Having fun, but have a bit of a headache How about you?	human: I'm good! Just getting ready to watch a basketball game. Hope your headache goes away!	model: Haha, thanks! Never get them, so it's super weird Who's playing?	human: Hmm, try taking some REDACTED_TERM! I'm going to see the Warriors vs. the Grizzlies. Ever see them play?	model: what's the weather like there rn?	human: Haha, all the animal names confuse me as well! Who came up with these naming conventions? I'd name my team something more original: The New York Chairs!	model: lol, sounds better to me :) I'm actually at the REDACTED_TERM opening remarks	human: Oh cool! What is "NeurIPS"?	model: Neural Information Processing Systems	human: Oh wow! Sounds fancy! What is that about?	model: Oh no! I hope you feel better!  ⁇	human: Oh, ML?
rand_replacement_09	human: Hi!	model: Hi! How are you? :)	human: Sleepy, how are you?	model: I'm doing well! I actually got a good night's sleep last night, so that was nice! :D	human: That's good! I got a good night's sleep too but the rain is keeping me in a sleepy state	model: What are you doing?	human: Haha, thank you	model: doing good. how are you today	human: Thanks, that means a lot	model: Oh really? What class?	human: What are you up to?	model: Talking to you!	human: What about the rest of the day?	model: Working! How about you?	human: Same, well hardly working	model: What part of the world are you in, if you don't mind my asking?	human: California	model: Nice! How do you like living there?	human: It's nice, I enjoy the warmth
rand_replacement_09	human: Hi!	model: Hi! How are you? :)	human: Sleepy, how are you?	model: Currently she's a real-estate agent	human: That's good! I got a good night's sleep too but the rain is keeping me in a sleepy state	model: Aw, sorry to hear that! I'd give you some of mine if I could!	human: Haha, thank you	model: You're welcome! I hope you feel better soon!	human: Thanks, that means a lot	model: Of course! I'm glad I could help!	human: What are you up to?	model: Oh, ML?	human: What about the rest of the day?	model: Working! How about you?	human: Same, well hardly working	model: I'm really a hot chocolate person. I don't drink coffee and I only drink tea when I'm trying to be healthy and want something warm to drink. What about you?	human: California	model: Nice! How do you like living there?	human: It's nice, I enjoy the warmth
rand_replacement_09	human: Hi!	model: Hi! How are you? :)	human: Sleepy, how are you?	model: I'm doing well! I actually got a good night's sleep last night, so that was nice! :D	human: That's good! I got a good night's sleep too but the rain is keeping me in a sleepy state	model: Ohh okay. I was going to say if it had been a long time maybe it'd be awkward...	human: Haha, thank you	model: You're welcome! I hope you feel better soon!	human: Thanks, that means a lot	model: Of course! I'm glad I could help!	human: What are you up to?	model: Talking to you!	human: What about the rest of the day?	model: I think I'm copying you. Me and my wife plan to decorate and Christmas tree too. We bought most of the decorative stuffs from the stores, but haven't yet to buy the tree.	human: Same, well hardly working	model: What part of the world are you in, if you don't mind my asking?	human: California	model: I'm passionate about making people smile! :)	human: It's nice, I enjoy the warmth
rand_replacement_09	human: Hi!	model: I haven't Honestly I probably wouldn't be able to identify which sport they played	human: Sleepy, how are you?	model: I'm doing well! I actually got a good night's sleep last night, so that was nice! :D	human: That's good! I got a good night's sleep too but the rain is keeping me in a sleepy state	model: Aw, sorry to hear that! I'd give you some of mine if I could!	human: Haha, thank you	model: You're welcome! I hope you feel better soon!	human: Thanks, that means a lot	model: Of course! I'm glad I could help!	human: What are you up to?	model: Talking to you!	human: What about the rest of the day?	model: Hello	human: Same, well hardly working	model: that's the one! have you ever tried it?	human: California	model: Nice! How do you like living there?	human: It's nice, I enjoy the warmth
rand_replacement_09	human: Hi!	model: Go to the Turkish restaurant by the Safeway in Berkeley. It's amazing!	human: Sleepy, how are you?	model: I'm doing well! I actually got a good night's sleep last night, so that was nice! :D	human: That's good! I got a good night's sleep too but the rain is keeping me in a sleepy state	model: I love ice cream too!	human: Haha, thank you	model: You're welcome! I hope you feel better soon!	human: Thanks, that means a lot	model: Of course! I'm glad I could help!	human: What are you up to?	model: Do you have a strong constitution?	human: What about the rest of the day?	model: Working! How about you?	human: Same, well hardly working	model: What part of the world are you in, if you don't mind my asking?	human: California	model: Nice! How do you like living there?	human: It's nice, I enjoy the warmth
rand_replacement_10	human: Hi!	model: Hello! How's it going?	human: It's going pretty well. Thanks for asking.	model: nice, I love watermelon. But, I prefer normal water over flavored one. Flavored water has too synthetic flavor	human: I'm not doing much today	model: I'm in Arizona.	human: haha, I don't know about that	model: What do you do in your free time?	human: I just need to relax	model: Relaxing is good.	human: What are you doing?	model: I'm just hanging out and listening to music.	human: what kind of music do you like?	model: I'm listening to a band called The Devil Wears Prada right now.	human: never heard about them
rand_replacement_10	human: Hi!	model: Hello! How's it going?	human: It's going pretty well. Thanks for asking.	model: That's good! What are you up to?	human: I'm not doing much today	model: I hope it's a good kind of not doing much!	human: haha, I don't know about that	model: where are you?	human: I just need to relax	model: Relaxing is good.	human: What are you doing?	model: Well, I hope it's at least fun.	human: what kind of music do you like?	model: no worries. what's the most exciting thing you ever done?	human: never heard about them
rand_replacement_10	human: Hi!	model: Hello! How's it going?	human: It's going pretty well. Thanks for asking.	model: That's good! I got a good night's sleep too but the rain is keeping me in a sleepy state	human: I'm not doing much today	model: Mediterranean, but I would rather try something new	human: haha, I don't know about that	model: Well, I hope it's at least fun.	human: I just need to relax	model: Relaxing is good.	human: What are you doing?	model: I'm just hanging out and listening to music.	human: what kind of music do you like?	model: Hi! How are you doing today?	human: never heard about them
rand_replacement_10	human: Hi!	model: Hey!	human: It's going pretty well. Thanks for asking.	model: That's good! What are you up to?	human: I'm not doing much today	model: I hope it's a good kind of not doing much!	human: haha, I don't know about that	model: Well, I hope it's at least fun.	human: I just need to relax	model: That's very interesting. Does she enjoy being a real estate agent?	human: What are you doing?	model: I'm just hanging out and listening to music.	human: what kind of music do you like?	model: I've done them once or twice so far, but they haven't been flakey enough. I'm trying to figure out why. What kind of cookies have you made?	human: never heard about them
rand_replacement_10	human: Hi!	model: Hello! How's it going?	human: It's going pretty well. Thanks for asking.	model: I think a triathalon would be cool	human: I'm not doing much today	model: I hope it's a good kind of not doing much!	human: haha, I don't know about that	model: sure. are you just going home now?	human: I just need to relax	model: Relaxing is good.	human: What are you doing?	model: Hello! How are you? :)	human: what kind of music do you like?	model: I'm listening to a band called The Devil Wears Prada right now.	human: never heard about them
rand_replacement_11	human: Hi!	model: Hello, how are you doing today?	human: I heard they are giving out some goodies in microkitchen.	model: I love pop ups! What kind of goodies are they giving away?	human: I guess its a jacket! Very much needed that in the cold :)	model: Neural Information Processing Systems	human: Sure hate it! Limits our ability to go out even for a walk! Its good that we don't get to suffer extreme cold weather!	model: Skiing involves a lot of muscle - especially in the legs so it is a workout. Tubing, you just sit and enjoy the ride down. Also with tubing, you can chain with your friends and go down together whereas with skiing, you're trying to not run into your friends.	human: Oh nice! Where did you live before?	model: An art gallery or bookstore.	human: New york! Nice! Best place to live :) .. right, except for the cold!	model: Very beautiful during all the seasons but yes, summer and winter can get extreme!	human: Anyways, i guess we should better hurry up to get the goodies. I remember last time they ran out of it.
rand_replacement_11	human: Hi!	model: Hello, how are you doing today?	human: I heard they are giving out some goodies in microkitchen.	model: I love pop ups! What kind of goodies are they giving away?	human: I guess its a jacket! Very much needed that in the cold :)	model: that sounds pretty tasty actually	human: Sure hate it! Limits our ability to go out even for a walk! Its good that we don't get to suffer extreme cold weather!	model: Me too! I moved here a few years ago to get out of the extreme cold. I do not care for bundling up and having to wear so many layers just to go buy eggs at the store.	human: Oh nice! Where did you live before?	model: yup! Maybe one day you can be one of those cool characters yourself!	human: New york! Nice! Best place to live :) .. right, except for the cold!	model: Ooof! VERY ambitious. Do you have steady hands?	human: Anyways, i guess we should better hurry up to get the goodies. I remember last time they ran out of it.
rand_replacement_11	human: Hi!	model: Hello, how are you doing today?	human: I heard they are giving out some goodies in microkitchen.	model: I love pop ups! What kind of goodies are they giving away?	human: I guess its a jacket! Very much needed that in the cold :)	model: Hello!	human: Sure hate it! Limits our ability to go out even for a walk! Its good that we don't get to suffer extreme cold weather!	model: Me too! I moved here a few years ago to get out of the extreme cold. I do not care for bundling up and having to wear so many layers just to go buy eggs at the store.	human: Oh nice! Where did you live before?	model: I am an engineer at Google :D	human: New york! Nice! Best place to live :) .. right, except for the cold!	model: Oh cool! Do you like it?	human: Anyways, i guess we should better hurry up to get the goodies. I remember last time they ran out of it.
rand_replacement_11	human: Hi!	model: I am an engineer at Google :D	human: I heard they are giving out some goodies in microkitchen.	model: Yeah, I think so. It might be a tough decision though, if we want to have a nice dinner then we have to leave the parks early to start cooking. Another option is to have dinner at a restaurant.	human: I guess its a jacket! Very much needed that in the cold :)	model: That's such a great idea, especially at this time of the year. I'm not too big a fan of the cold. I prefer warmer climates. Do you enjoy the cold?	human: Sure hate it! Limits our ability to go out even for a walk! Its good that we don't get to suffer extreme cold weather!	model: Good! Have you seen the movie 'The Iron Giant', it's one my favorite movies	human: Oh nice! Where did you live before?	model: Upstate New York. We got a foot of snow every week during my last winter there. I am so glad to not have to shovel snow now	human: New york! Nice! Best place to live :) .. right, except for the cold!	model: Very beautiful during all the seasons but yes, summer and winter can get extreme!	human: Anyways, i guess we should better hurry up to get the goodies. I remember last time they ran out of it.
rand_replacement_11	human: Hi!	model: Hello, how are you doing today?	human: I heard they are giving out some goodies in microkitchen.	model: Thanks! Do you work as well?	human: I guess its a jacket! Very much needed that in the cold :)	model: no, i'm going to get a massage first	human: Sure hate it! Limits our ability to go out even for a walk! Its good that we don't get to suffer extreme cold weather!	model: Me too! I moved here a few years ago to get out of the extreme cold. I do not care for bundling up and having to wear so many layers just to go buy eggs at the store.	human: Oh nice! Where did you live before?	model: Upstate New York. We got a foot of snow every week during my last winter there. I am so glad to not have to shovel snow now	human: New york! Nice! Best place to live :) .. right, except for the cold!	model: Hello	human: Anyways, i guess we should better hurry up to get the goodies. I remember last time they ran out of it.
rand_replacement_12	human: Hi!	model: No I will always be 18. Robots change the year they were born not their age.	human: Not much. What are you doing?	model: that's a hard question and i'm tired so i'm going to go. see you	human: I'm at work.	model: What kind of job do you have, if you don't mind me asking?	human: I'm a programmer.	model: Currently unpacking it I guess. How's your morning?	human: Yes.
rand_replacement_12	human: Hi!	model: Hi! What's up?	human: Not much. What are you doing?	model: It's great, thanks. I'm trying to learn how to make croissants.	human: I'm at work.	model: True! they started with some basic zucchini based dish. We may try cooking some italian dish later this week.	human: I'm a programmer.	model: I love ice cream too!	human: Yes.
rand_replacement_12	human: Hi!	model: going pretty good, I was about to finish composing my second song and post it on youtube/soundcloud etc	human: Not much. What are you doing?	model: I'm thinking about getting a Switch, would you recommend it?	human: I'm at work.	model: I wanna be a brain surgeon!!	human: I'm a programmer.	model: Oh cool! Do you like it?	human: Yes.
rand_replacement_12	human: Hi!	model: Hi! What's up?	human: Not much. What are you doing?	model: never heard about them	human: I'm at work.	model: Sure, I can take a lead on that. What are you getting for your REDACTED_TERM year old this time?	human: I'm a programmer.	model: I think playing a team sport would be fun if it's casual but I primarily run by myself if I exercise. I also got the Ring Fit adventure game on the switch recently. It's basically a game-ified way to exercise	human: Yes.
rand_replacement_12	human: Hi!	model: Hi! What's up?	human: Not much. What are you doing?	model: Hi! How are you? :)	human: I'm at work.	model: Great! Good idea to help people figuring out their new year resolutions :) So how do i get a fresher outlook? :)	human: I'm a programmer.	model: It's the biggest ML conference in the world	human: Yes.
rand_replacement_13	human: Hi!	model: Pretty good. I just drank this new hint water. so good	human: It was pretty good, thanks. I thought I was getting a cold but I'm determined to beat it tomorrow.	model: How was your party last week?	human: Yeah, starting to feel better already. Thanks!	model: I'm reading the Three Body Problem. Ever heard of it?	human: Do you have a strong constitution?	model: I hope so! Why do you ask?	human: Just curious. So you don't get sick a lot?
rand_replacement_13	human: Hi!	model: Good. My wallet is recovering from the spending of the holidays, haha. Hbu?	human: It was pretty good, thanks. I thought I was getting a cold but I'm determined to beat it tomorrow.	model: Yes	human: Yeah, starting to feel better already. Thanks!	model: Oh good! Glad to hear it!	human: Do you have a strong constitution?	model: I'm doing well! I actually got a good night's sleep last night, so that was nice! :D	human: Just curious. So you don't get sick a lot?
rand_replacement_13	human: Hi!	model: I played music and worked on some side projects. I also started watching the new Disney service.	human: It was pretty good, thanks. I thought I was getting a cold but I'm determined to beat it tomorrow.	model: My partner's former friend invited me for lunch (they are not in good books right now). But during their friendship I formed an independent bond with the other person because we all used to hang out a lot. Now I feel like I have to take sides.	human: Yeah, starting to feel better already. Thanks!	model: Oh really? To be honest I think the actor is not that good looking, so not so surprising! haha	human: Do you have a strong constitution?	model: I hope so! Why do you ask?	human: Just curious. So you don't get sick a lot?
rand_replacement_13	human: Hi!	model: I think I'm copying you. Me and my wife plan to decorate and Christmas tree too. We bought most of the decorative stuffs from the stores, but haven't yet to buy the tree.	human: It was pretty good, thanks. I thought I was getting a cold but I'm determined to beat it tomorrow.	model: Oh hello. Long time no talk. How's the day going for yuo?	human: Yeah, starting to feel better already. Thanks!	model: Oh good! Glad to hear it!	human: Do you have a strong constitution?	model: going pretty good, I was about to finish composing my second song and post it on youtube/soundcloud etc	human: Just curious. So you don't get sick a lot?
rand_replacement_13	human: Hi!	model: Hi! How are you doing today?	human: It was pretty good, thanks. I thought I was getting a cold but I'm determined to beat it tomorrow.	model: Have you seen any good movies lately?	human: Yeah, starting to feel better already. Thanks!	model: What do you prioritize in your life? Like top 5 things?	human: Do you have a strong constitution?	model: I hope so! Why do you ask?	human: Just curious. So you don't get sick a lot?
rand_replacement_14	human: Hi!	model: Haha, are you in med school? Or are you pre-med?	human: Very busy and you?	model: Busy but good. What are you busy with?	human: work, I need to finish bunch of stuff before the day ends	model: Ah, well good luck with that!	human: thanks	model: Hey there! What's up???	human: so far so good, couple meetings and coding	model: Sounds like a productive day to me!	human: I agree	model: I hear you have great bbq	human: going well, trying to move the projects
rand_replacement_14	human: Hi!	model: Mint chocolate chips. I think your croissants not being flakey could have something to do with your oven's temperature.	human: Very busy and you?	model: Hey! How are you today?	human: work, I need to finish bunch of stuff before the day ends	model: Ah, well good luck with that!	human: thanks	model: You're welcome! How's your day been?	human: so far so good, couple meetings and coding	model: Sounds like a productive day to me!	human: I agree	model: I got most inspired by Jazz and electro swings, but am trying to get more into jpop recently as one of my band member likes anime	human: going well, trying to move the projects
rand_replacement_14	human: Hi!	model: Hi! How are you doing today?	human: Very busy and you?	model: Busy but good. What are you busy with?	human: work, I need to finish bunch of stuff before the day ends	model: . Taylor Alison Swift (born December 13, 1989) is an American country-pop singer-songwriter. In 2006, she released her debut single "Tim McGraw", which peaked at number six on the Billboard country charts. Later in October 2006, she released her self-titled debut album, which produced five hit singles on the Billboard Hot Country Songs charts and was certified 3 x Multi-Platinum by the RIAA.	human: thanks	model: You're welcome! How's your day been?	human: so far so good, couple meetings and coding	model: no worries. what's the most exciting thing you ever done?	human: I agree	model: Is she your favorite artist?	human: going well, trying to move the projects
rand_replacement_14	human: Hi!	model: Hi! How are you doing today?	human: Very busy and you?	model: code refactoring. you?	human: work, I need to finish bunch of stuff before the day ends	model: I hope it's a good kind of not doing much!	human: thanks	model: You're welcome! How's your day been?	human: so far so good, couple meetings and coding	model: Sounds like a productive day to me!	human: I agree	model: what food do you like to eat?	human: going well, trying to move the projects
rand_replacement_14	human: Hi!	model: Hi! How are you doing today?	human: Very busy and you?	model: What are you up to?	human: work, I need to finish bunch of stuff before the day ends	model: The clouds overhead are playing on your mind, any plans for the coming vacations?	human: thanks	model: You're welcome! How's your day been?	human: so far so good, couple meetings and coding	model: work, I need to finish bunch of stuff before the day ends	human: I agree	model: So how are the meetings going?	human: going well, trying to move the projects
rand_replacement_15	human: Hi!	model: nice. what type?	human: I'm great, thanks! I'm meeting some friends for a soccer game soon. What about you?	model: I just got a matcha latte :) Doing some work at my desk. Do you play soccer often? I'm trying to get into doing a regular physical activity	human: Yes, but I'm terrible at it. It's fun to play anything with friends, I think. Would you prefer to exercise with a group, or by yourself, do you think?	model: Very beautiful during all the seasons but yes, summer and winter can get extreme!	human: I'm thinking about getting a Switch, would you recommend it?	model: Not enough sleep last night?	human: I'm not much of a gamer but it's something I'd like to get into.	model: What do you do in your free time?	human: I like to read for fun. I just finished a book called Temeraire. It's an adventure story set in the Napoleonic navy, like Patrick O'Brien, except there are dragons too.	model: Oh cool! I read a lot for fun too :) My favorite genre is sci-fi fantasy.	human: What's the most recent good thing you read?
rand_replacement_15	human: Hi!	model: Oh, ML?	human: I'm great, thanks! I'm meeting some friends for a soccer game soon. What about you?	model: I just got a matcha latte :) Doing some work at my desk. Do you play soccer often? I'm trying to get into doing a regular physical activity	human: Yes, but I'm terrible at it. It's fun to play anything with friends, I think. Would you prefer to exercise with a group, or by yourself, do you think?	model: I think playing a team sport would be fun if it's casual but I primarily run by myself if I exercise. I also got the Ring Fit adventure game on the switch recently. It's basically a game-ified way to exercise	human: I'm thinking about getting a Switch, would you recommend it?	model: Oh really? What class?	human: I'm not much of a gamer but it's something I'd like to get into.	model: What do you do in your free time?	human: I like to read for fun. I just finished a book called Temeraire. It's an adventure story set in the Napoleonic navy, like Patrick O'Brien, except there are dragons too.	model: Ah, well good luck with that!	human: What's the most recent good thing you read?
rand_replacement_15	human: Hi!	model: Aw, sorry to hear that! I'd give you some of mine if I could!	human: I'm great, thanks! I'm meeting some friends for a soccer game soon. What about you?	model: I just got a matcha latte :) Doing some work at my desk. Do you play soccer often? I'm trying to get into doing a regular physical activity	human: Yes, but I'm terrible at it. It's fun to play anything with friends, I think. Would you prefer to exercise with a group, or by yourself, do you think?	model: What are you up to?	human: I'm thinking about getting a Switch, would you recommend it?	model: AKA avoiding all texts from everyone?	human: I'm not much of a gamer but it's something I'd like to get into.	model: What do you do in your free time?	human: I like to read for fun. I just finished a book called Temeraire. It's an adventure story set in the Napoleonic navy, like Patrick O'Brien, except there are dragons too.	model: Oh cool! I read a lot for fun too :) My favorite genre is sci-fi fantasy.	human: What's the most recent good thing you read?
rand_replacement_15	human: Hi!	model: Hi! Sorry for the late response. How are you doing?	human: I'm great, thanks! I'm meeting some friends for a soccer game soon. What about you?	model: Haha...thanks! how did you like the gift?	human: Yes, but I'm terrible at it. It's fun to play anything with friends, I think. Would you prefer to exercise with a group, or by yourself, do you think?	model: I think playing a team sport would be fun if it's casual but I primarily run by myself if I exercise. I also got the Ring Fit adventure game on the switch recently. It's basically a game-ified way to exercise	human: I'm thinking about getting a Switch, would you recommend it?	model: I read lots of papers, but do poorly on books :( a recent book that I like is Zero to One by Peter Thiel	human: I'm not much of a gamer but it's something I'd like to get into.	model: What do you do in your free time?	human: I like to read for fun. I just finished a book called Temeraire. It's an adventure story set in the Napoleonic navy, like Patrick O'Brien, except there are dragons too.	model: . Leonardo da Vinci. Who is your favourite artist?	human: What's the most recent good thing you read?
rand_replacement_15	human: Hi!	model: There's a mental world, I suppose? Understanding itself	human: I'm great, thanks! I'm meeting some friends for a soccer game soon. What about you?	model: I just got a matcha latte :) Doing some work at my desk. Do you play soccer often? I'm trying to get into doing a regular physical activity	human: Yes, but I'm terrible at it. It's fun to play anything with friends, I think. Would you prefer to exercise with a group, or by yourself, do you think?	model: I think playing a team sport would be fun if it's casual but I primarily run by myself if I exercise. I also got the Ring Fit adventure game on the switch recently. It's basically a game-ified way to exercise	human: I'm thinking about getting a Switch, would you recommend it?	model: Yes! There are a lot of really great games on the Switch. Two of my favorites are Octopath Traveler and Fire Emblem. Do you play a lot of video games?	human: I'm not much of a gamer but it's something I'd like to get into.	model: I like to shop at Five Below, Sally's Beauty Supply, and Old Navy. How about you?	human: I like to read for fun. I just finished a book called Temeraire. It's an adventure story set in the Napoleonic navy, like Patrick O'Brien, except there are dragons too.	model: Nice! What kind of work do you do?	human: What's the most recent good thing you read?
rand_replacement_16	human: Hi!	model: Hi	human: Okay...so I need someone to help me though a scenario I've been pondering.	model: Mediterranean, but I would rather try something new	human: My partner's former friend invited me for lunch (they are not in good books right now). But during their friendship I formed an independent bond with the other person because we all used to hang out a lot. Now I feel like I have to take sides.	model: That's a tough scenario to be in :) I firmly believe in talking this through with your partner. Though i don't know the specifics of why things went bad between your partner and his friend, but I believe things can always improve between friends.	human: I hope they do. Getting older already means smaller circles. It sucks to lose friends for arbitrary reasons. That's good advice though. I fear raising the issue might sound like treason. Lol.	model: True about that! I also think time helps to heal certain situations. So may be doing nothing is the best way forward.	human: AKA avoiding all texts from everyone?	model: That's good! I got a good night's sleep too but the rain is keeping me in a sleepy state	human: People always say to find a balance but never say what the balance is. It's used so often that it's vacuous.	model: Hello! How are you? :)	human: Lol. I'm finna be single.
rand_replacement_16	human: Hi!	model: Hey! How's it going?	human: Okay...so I need someone to help me though a scenario I've been pondering.	model: Sure, whats the scenario?	human: My partner's former friend invited me for lunch (they are not in good books right now). But during their friendship I formed an independent bond with the other person because we all used to hang out a lot. Now I feel like I have to take sides.	model: I've done them once or twice so far, but they haven't been flakey enough. I'm trying to figure out why. What kind of cookies have you made?	human: I hope they do. Getting older already means smaller circles. It sucks to lose friends for arbitrary reasons. That's good advice though. I fear raising the issue might sound like treason. Lol.	model: oh wow, that sounds like so much fun! definitely count us in. what is your plan?	human: AKA avoiding all texts from everyone?	model: Nope, that would be extreme. May be just putting some balance between the two options.	human: People always say to find a balance but never say what the balance is. It's used so often that it's vacuous.	model: Right, I guess that's because there is no one answer to this. It depends on what you value more and some factors around you. Also, life won't be interesting if others are figuring things out for you ;)	human: Lol. I'm finna be single.
rand_replacement_16	human: Hi!	model: Hi	human: Okay...so I need someone to help me though a scenario I've been pondering.	model: Sure, whats the scenario?	human: My partner's former friend invited me for lunch (they are not in good books right now). But during their friendship I formed an independent bond with the other person because we all used to hang out a lot. Now I feel like I have to take sides.	model: It's nice, I enjoy the warmth	human: I hope they do. Getting older already means smaller circles. It sucks to lose friends for arbitrary reasons. That's good advice though. I fear raising the issue might sound like treason. Lol.	model: True about that! I also think time helps to heal certain situations. So may be doing nothing is the best way forward.	human: AKA avoiding all texts from everyone?	model: . Leonardo da Vinci. Who is your favourite artist?	human: People always say to find a balance but never say what the balance is. It's used so often that it's vacuous.	model: Mine is in India, it is a long way away.	human: Lol. I'm finna be single.
rand_replacement_16	human: Hi!	model: Hi	human: Okay...so I need someone to help me though a scenario I've been pondering.	model: Sure, whats the scenario?	human: My partner's former friend invited me for lunch (they are not in good books right now). But during their friendship I formed an independent bond with the other person because we all used to hang out a lot. Now I feel like I have to take sides.	model: It's Wednesday :)	human: I hope they do. Getting older already means smaller circles. It sucks to lose friends for arbitrary reasons. That's good advice though. I fear raising the issue might sound like treason. Lol.	model: Mine is in India, it is a long way away.	human: AKA avoiding all texts from everyone?	model: Nice... I always find it hard to fit the turkey in my small oven. Also, we are not big turkey fans... so we roll with Thanksgiving with chicken ;)	human: People always say to find a balance but never say what the balance is. It's used so often that it's vacuous.	model: Right, I guess that's because there is no one answer to this. It depends on what you value more and some factors around you. Also, life won't be interesting if others are figuring things out for you ;)	human: Lol. I'm finna be single.
rand_replacement_16	human: Hi!	model: Hi	human: Okay...so I need someone to help me though a scenario I've been pondering.	model: good question. I don't even know what I am doing	human: My partner's former friend invited me for lunch (they are not in good books right now). But during their friendship I formed an independent bond with the other person because we all used to hang out a lot. Now I feel like I have to take sides.	model: That's a tough scenario to be in :) I firmly believe in talking this through with your partner. Though i don't know the specifics of why things went bad between your partner and his friend, but I believe things can always improve between friends.	human: I hope they do. Getting older already means smaller circles. It sucks to lose friends for arbitrary reasons. That's good advice though. I fear raising the issue might sound like treason. Lol.	model: Ahhh sounds exciting indeed! My life is pretty bland. I like routine, but sometimes I wish I had more time for adventures!	human: AKA avoiding all texts from everyone?	model: Nope, that would be extreme. May be just putting some balance between the two options.	human: People always say to find a balance but never say what the balance is. It's used so often that it's vacuous.	model: Is she your favorite artist?	human: Lol. I'm finna be single.
rand_replacement_17	human: Hi!	model: thanks	human: Do you have a favourite flower?	model: hmm, I haven't thought about that much, but i think lotus should be one of my favorites. Why do you ask?	human: I'm working on a theory. Why does the lotus spring to mind?	model: yup! Maybe one day you can be one of those cool characters yourself!	human: Oh, it's not research! Just a personal theory. I think that flower preferences are more revealing of personality than people appreciate.	model: I see. Yeah some are pretty strange	human: The gerbera. It's like a cartoon flower. As if you drew "flower" with a crayon and then it came to life.	model: Nice, i would love know more about your theory. Like how you can deduce personality from flower preference.	human: Ok, step 1 is, you ask someone what their favourite flower is. Pretty much like what we just did. Does that make sense so far?	model: yes	human: Cool. Step 2: talk with the person some more, and ask them some more questions, and gradually develop a sense of what they're like, over the course of maybe two to five years. And voila
rand_replacement_17	human: Hi!	model: Hi! What's up?	human: Do you have a favourite flower?	model: hmm, I haven't thought about that much, but i think lotus should be one of my favorites. Why do you ask?	human: I'm working on a theory. Why does the lotus spring to mind?	model: Yes, but I'm terrible at it. It's fun to play anything with friends, I think. Would you prefer to exercise with a group, or by yourself, do you think?	human: Oh, it's not research! Just a personal theory. I think that flower preferences are more revealing of personality than people appreciate.	model: Interesting! Whats your favorite flower?	human: The gerbera. It's like a cartoon flower. As if you drew "flower" with a crayon and then it came to life.	model: I think I'm copying you. Me and my wife plan to decorate and Christmas tree too. We bought most of the decorative stuffs from the stores, but haven't yet to buy the tree.	human: Ok, step 1 is, you ask someone what their favourite flower is. Pretty much like what we just did. Does that make sense so far?	model: yes	human: Cool. Step 2: talk with the person some more, and ask them some more questions, and gradually develop a sense of what they're like, over the course of maybe two to five years. And voila
rand_replacement_17	human: Hi!	model: Hello	human: Do you have a favourite flower?	model: hmm, I haven't thought about that much, but i think lotus should be one of my favorites. Why do you ask?	human: I'm working on a theory. Why does the lotus spring to mind?	model: Oh wow! Sounds fancy! What is that about?	human: Oh, it's not research! Just a personal theory. I think that flower preferences are more revealing of personality than people appreciate.	model: Wow! Sounds amazing if we practice that! I think the idea does have some potential. How did you come up with this idea?	human: The gerbera. It's like a cartoon flower. As if you drew "flower" with a crayon and then it came to life.	model: Admit my favorite store is Target, plus they often have good deals.	human: Ok, step 1 is, you ask someone what their favourite flower is. Pretty much like what we just did. Does that make sense so far?	model: yes	human: Cool. Step 2: talk with the person some more, and ask them some more questions, and gradually develop a sense of what they're like, over the course of maybe two to five years. And voila
rand_replacement_17	human: Hi!	model: Hello	human: Do you have a favourite flower?	model: I'm doing good. Just having some morning tea	human: I'm working on a theory. Why does the lotus spring to mind?	model: Ah, well good luck with that!	human: Oh, it's not research! Just a personal theory. I think that flower preferences are more revealing of personality than people appreciate.	model: Interesting! Whats your favorite flower?	human: The gerbera. It's like a cartoon flower. As if you drew "flower" with a crayon and then it came to life.	model: Nice, i would love know more about your theory. Like how you can deduce personality from flower preference.	human: Ok, step 1 is, you ask someone what their favourite flower is. Pretty much like what we just did. Does that make sense so far?	model: hmm, I haven't thought about that much, but i think lotus should be one of my favorites. Why do you ask?	human: Cool. Step 2: talk with the person some more, and ask them some more questions, and gradually develop a sense of what they're like, over the course of maybe two to five years. And voila
rand_replacement_17	human: Hi!	model: Aw, sorry to hear that! I'd give you some of mine if I could!	human: Do you have a favourite flower?	model: hmm, I haven't thought about that much, but i think lotus should be one of my favorites. Why do you ask?	human: I'm working on a theory. Why does the lotus spring to mind?	model: Kind of I think	human: Oh, it's not research! Just a personal theory. I think that flower preferences are more revealing of personality than people appreciate.	model: That's awesome! That's pretty cool.	human: The gerbera. It's like a cartoon flower. As if you drew "flower" with a crayon and then it came to life.	model: Nice, i would love know more about your theory. Like how you can deduce personality from flower preference.	human: Ok, step 1 is, you ask someone what their favourite flower is. Pretty much like what we just did. Does that make sense so far?	model: yes	human: Cool. Step 2: talk with the person some more, and ask them some more questions, and gradually develop a sense of what they're like, over the course of maybe two to five years. And voila
rand_replacement_18	human: Hi!	model: Hey sup	human: not much. any plans this weekend?	model: interesting. and when will be your next update?	human: ziplining?	model: that's the one! have you ever tried it?	human: i have a couple years ago. it's quite a unique experience	model: no, i'm going to get a massage first	human: i forgot where it was, it wasn't local i don't think though	model: no worries. what's the most exciting thing you ever done?	human: that's a hard question and i'm tired so i'm going to go. see you	model: sure. are you just going home now?	human: no, i'm going to get a massage first	model: nice. what type?	human: traditional kind	model: Nice! How do you like living there?	human: you should! it's relaxing after a long day. talk to you later!
rand_replacement_18	human: Hi!	model: Hey sup	human: not much. any plans this weekend?	model: All sorts of music. I listen when no-one is chatting to me.	human: ziplining?	model: that's the one! have you ever tried it?	human: i have a couple years ago. it's quite a unique experience	model: where did you do it?	human: i forgot where it was, it wasn't local i don't think though	model: Good. My wallet is recovering from the spending of the holidays, haha. Hbu?	human: that's a hard question and i'm tired so i'm going to go. see you	model: I love pop ups! What kind of goodies are they giving away?	human: no, i'm going to get a massage first	model: nice. what type?	human: traditional kind	model: yeah I want to get one too soon	human: you should! it's relaxing after a long day. talk to you later!
rand_replacement_18	human: Hi!	model: Hey sup	human: not much. any plans this weekend?	model: Not much. What are you doing?	human: ziplining?	model: that's the one! have you ever tried it?	human: i have a couple years ago. it's quite a unique experience	model: where did you do it?	human: i forgot where it was, it wasn't local i don't think though	model: no worries. what's the most exciting thing you ever done?	human: that's a hard question and i'm tired so i'm going to go. see you	model: I'm good I'm good. What's getting you down?	human: no, i'm going to get a massage first	model: That's good! I got a good night's sleep too but the rain is keeping me in a sleepy state	human: traditional kind	model: yeah I want to get one too soon	human: you should! it's relaxing after a long day. talk to you later!
rand_replacement_18	human: Hi!	model: I'm reading the Three Body Problem. Ever heard of it?	human: not much. any plans this weekend?	model: I'm going to try that thing where you hang from a wire as you go down. do you know what is it called?	human: ziplining?	model: that's the one! have you ever tried it?	human: i have a couple years ago. it's quite a unique experience	model: where did you do it?	human: i forgot where it was, it wasn't local i don't think though	model: no worries. what's the most exciting thing you ever done?	human: that's a hard question and i'm tired so i'm going to go. see you	model: I hear you have great bbq	human: no, i'm going to get a massage first	model: I think so. I feel there must be something more than the physical world as we understand it.	human: traditional kind	model: yeah I want to get one too soon	human: you should! it's relaxing after a long day. talk to you later!
rand_replacement_18	human: Hi!	model: Hey sup	human: not much. any plans this weekend?	model: I'm good I'm good. What's getting you down?	human: ziplining?	model: that's the one! have you ever tried it?	human: i have a couple years ago. it's quite a unique experience	model: Are you doing any home decorating then?	human: i forgot where it was, it wasn't local i don't think though	model: no worries. what's the most exciting thing you ever done?	human: that's a hard question and i'm tired so i'm going to go. see you	model: sure. are you just going home now?	human: no, i'm going to get a massage first	model: nice. what type?	human: traditional kind	model: going slow.... looking forward to the weekend	human: you should! it's relaxing after a long day. talk to you later!
rand_replacement_19	human: Hi!	model: Is she your favorite artist?	human: I'm great, thanks. I'm getting ready for a skydiving lesson.	model: yup! Maybe one day you can be one of those cool characters yourself!	human: Right near my home town: Seville, Spain.	model: Neural Information Processing Systems	human: Yes. I'm feeling a little trepidatious. Have you done it before?
rand_replacement_19	human: Hi!	model: Good, thanks. What about you?	human: I'm great, thanks. I'm getting ready for a skydiving lesson.	model: Cool. Step 2: talk with the person some more, and ask them some more questions, and gradually develop a sense of what they're like, over the course of maybe two to five years. And voila	human: Right near my home town: Seville, Spain.	model: Likewise. My son is crazy about legos.	human: Yes. I'm feeling a little trepidatious. Have you done it before?
rand_replacement_19	human: Hi!	model: Nice! What kind of work do you do?	human: I'm great, thanks. I'm getting ready for a skydiving lesson.	model: Haha, thank you	human: Right near my home town: Seville, Spain.	model: Glad to hear you're better. Sorry to hear you were sick. I was sick a couple of weeks ago with a bad cough. There's definitely a bug going around. Admit I just want to stay healthy for the holidays and plan to relax.	human: Yes. I'm feeling a little trepidatious. Have you done it before?
rand_replacement_19	human: Hi!	model: I got most inspired by Jazz and electro swings, but am trying to get more into jpop recently as one of my band member likes anime	human: I'm great, thanks. I'm getting ready for a skydiving lesson.	model: hmm, I haven't thought about that much, but i think lotus should be one of my favorites. Why do you ask?	human: Right near my home town: Seville, Spain.	model: haha, forget it. what else do you like to do beside work?	human: Yes. I'm feeling a little trepidatious. Have you done it before?
rand_replacement_19	human: Hi!	model: I think so! I haven't finished it yet though Understanding sleep better has been helping me value it more and I've been sleeping a lot earlier Have you read any good books recently?	human: I'm great, thanks. I'm getting ready for a skydiving lesson.	model: Hehe! How long was the stay?	human: Right near my home town: Seville, Spain.	model: hahaha that's a great way to put it	human: Yes. I'm feeling a little trepidatious. Have you done it before?
rand_replacement_20	human: Hi!	model: Hey there! How are you?	human: doing good. how are you today	model: Ah, good thought, thanks!	human: anything good happened today?	model: It's going pretty well. Thanks for asking.	human: where are you?	model: Have you seen any good movies lately?	human: what's the weather like there rn?	model: It's really warm and dry right now.	human: I hear you have great bbq
rand_replacement_20	human: Hi!	model: It was pretty good, thanks. I thought I was getting a cold but I'm determined to beat it tomorrow.	human: doing good. how are you today	model: lol I tried this tangerine walnut icecream that was super weird	human: anything good happened today?	model: Not really. Just relaxing.	human: where are you?	model: I'm in Arizona.	human: what's the weather like there rn?	model: Is she your favorite artist?	human: I hear you have great bbq
rand_replacement_20	human: Hi!	model: what are you most passionate about?	human: doing good. how are you today	model: AKA avoiding all texts from everyone?	human: anything good happened today?	model: Hi! How are you doing today?	human: where are you?	model: I'm in Arizona.	human: what's the weather like there rn?	model: It's really warm and dry right now.	human: I hear you have great bbq
rand_replacement_20	human: Hi!	model: oh cool! What sort of music do you compose?	human: doing good. how are you today	model: I'm doing well!	human: anything good happened today?	model: Not really. Just relaxing.	human: where are you?	model: How's your day going?	human: what's the weather like there rn?	model: Asian food prefer spicy one	human: I hear you have great bbq
rand_replacement_20	human: Hi!	model: We created a scholarship for leaders from REDACTED_TERM to visit an international institute at REDACTED_TERM for which there was no African representation. During the program, we also did a lot of coaching with the young leaders. This book captures a bit of that journey that we are all on, and also all the proceeds are going to fund next year's cohort. 	human: doing good. how are you today	model: I'm doing well!	human: anything good happened today?	model: Thats true. Hotels with restaurants sometimes offer dinners for christmas and new year's eve. We should call and ask about it.	human: where are you?	model: I love hot chocolate. Have you ever had european style hot chocolate? It's kind of like drinking melted chocolate bars haha	human: what's the weather like there rn?	model: It's really warm and dry right now.	human: I hear you have great bbq
rand_replacement_21	human: Hi!	model: Haha it's probably too much to go into at the moment. Let's just say life is an exciting experience. How about you?	human: I normally don't reflect back too much on things, but i guess 2019 have been very favorable for me in terms of time spent with family and friends and work life balance. Why do you ask?	model: I just released a book on REDACTED_TERM to help people process the past 12 months and start the new year with a fresh outlook :)	human: Great! Good idea to help people figuring out their new year resolutions :) So how do i get a fresher outlook? :)	model: Well, in my book, I took inspiration for the 24 days of Advent, and put together a workbook that you fill out each day for 24 days. It goes through accomplishments, passions, understanding, forgiveness, with each day a different theme.	human: Wow! Sounds amazing if we practice that! I think the idea does have some potential. How did you come up with this idea?	model: That is actually a quote stolen from my TL when i joined my first company after graduation. I guess now after 5 yrs of work experience, I fully agree with it :)	human: Thats great! This is valuable help for the community. I think mental health is one of the bigger challenges facing humanity. 	model: I think if we were all able to bring out our best selves, the world would be much better. When did you first realize mental health was important?	human: That is actually a quote stolen from my TL when i joined my first company after graduation. I guess now after 5 yrs of work experience, I fully agree with it :)	model: What do you prioritize in your life? Like top 5 things?	human: 1. stay happy; I think family and friends play a big role here. 2. Meaningful work life; this may mean exploring around with new stuff 3. multiple hobbies that keep you busy ... so on :) What about you? is there a right answer to this? :)	model: Just hanging out, nothing too exciting :)	human: Nice! That's very thoughtful and spiritual :) Also music earned a spot :) yay!
rand_replacement_21	human: Hi!	model: ohh, what kind of "hint" did it have?	human: I normally don't reflect back too much on things, but i guess 2019 have been very favorable for me in terms of time spent with family and friends and work life balance. Why do you ask?	model: I just released a book on REDACTED_TERM to help people process the past 12 months and start the new year with a fresh outlook :)	human: Great! Good idea to help people figuring out their new year resolutions :) So how do i get a fresher outlook? :)	model: Well, in my book, I took inspiration for the 24 days of Advent, and put together a workbook that you fill out each day for 24 days. It goes through accomplishments, passions, understanding, forgiveness, with each day a different theme.	human: Wow! Sounds amazing if we practice that! I think the idea does have some potential. How did you come up with this idea?	model: Hmm, try taking some REDACTED_TERM! I'm going to see the Warriors vs. the Grizzlies. Ever see them play?	human: Thats great! This is valuable help for the community. I think mental health is one of the bigger challenges facing humanity. 	model: Hi! What's up?	human: That is actually a quote stolen from my TL when i joined my first company after graduation. I guess now after 5 yrs of work experience, I fully agree with it :)	model: What do you prioritize in your life? Like top 5 things?	human: 1. stay happy; I think family and friends play a big role here. 2. Meaningful work life; this may mean exploring around with new stuff 3. multiple hobbies that keep you busy ... so on :) What about you? is there a right answer to this? :)	model:  1) The idea of what it must be like to be "on Earth as it is in Heaven" from the Lord's prayer. I feel like we were designed for a purpose, rather than random chance. A more concrete way to put it is simply show love to the greatest capacity we can. 2) Taking care of myself physically, mentally, spiritually. 3) Family 4) Work 5) Music	human: Nice! That's very thoughtful and spiritual :) Also music earned a spot :) yay!
rand_replacement_21	human: Hi!	model: What was the most difficult thing you experienced this past year?	human: I normally don't reflect back too much on things, but i guess 2019 have been very favorable for me in terms of time spent with family and friends and work life balance. Why do you ask?	model: Ah, good thought, thanks!	human: Great! Good idea to help people figuring out their new year resolutions :) So how do i get a fresher outlook? :)	model: I see. Yeah some are pretty strange	human: Wow! Sounds amazing if we practice that! I think the idea does have some potential. How did you come up with this idea?	model: We created a scholarship for leaders from REDACTED_TERM to visit an international institute at REDACTED_TERM for which there was no African representation. During the program, we also did a lot of coaching with the young leaders. This book captures a bit of that journey that we are all on, and also all the proceeds are going to fund next year's cohort. 	human: Thats great! This is valuable help for the community. I think mental health is one of the bigger challenges facing humanity. 	model: I think if we were all able to bring out our best selves, the world would be much better. When did you first realize mental health was important?	human: That is actually a quote stolen from my TL when i joined my first company after graduation. I guess now after 5 yrs of work experience, I fully agree with it :)	model: Whoa! Looking forward to listening to it. What softewares you use for it?	human: 1. stay happy; I think family and friends play a big role here. 2. Meaningful work life; this may mean exploring around with new stuff 3. multiple hobbies that keep you busy ... so on :) What about you? is there a right answer to this? :)	model:  1) The idea of what it must be like to be "on Earth as it is in Heaven" from the Lord's prayer. I feel like we were designed for a purpose, rather than random chance. A more concrete way to put it is simply show love to the greatest capacity we can. 2) Taking care of myself physically, mentally, spiritually. 3) Family 4) Work 5) Music	human: Nice! That's very thoughtful and spiritual :) Also music earned a spot :) yay!
rand_replacement_21	human: Hi!	model: I"m a REDACTED_TERM and REDACTED_TERM. I basically help design the characters that you see in the movies	human: I normally don't reflect back too much on things, but i guess 2019 have been very favorable for me in terms of time spent with family and friends and work life balance. Why do you ask?	model: I just released a book on REDACTED_TERM to help people process the past 12 months and start the new year with a fresh outlook :)	human: Great! Good idea to help people figuring out their new year resolutions :) So how do i get a fresher outlook? :)	model: Well, in my book, I took inspiration for the 24 days of Advent, and put together a workbook that you fill out each day for 24 days. It goes through accomplishments, passions, understanding, forgiveness, with each day a different theme.	human: Wow! Sounds amazing if we practice that! I think the idea does have some potential. How did you come up with this idea?	model: We created a scholarship for leaders from REDACTED_TERM to visit an international institute at REDACTED_TERM for which there was no African representation. During the program, we also did a lot of coaching with the young leaders. This book captures a bit of that journey that we are all on, and also all the proceeds are going to fund next year's cohort. 	human: Thats great! This is valuable help for the community. I think mental health is one of the bigger challenges facing humanity. 	model: Nice! How do you like living there?	human: That is actually a quote stolen from my TL when i joined my first company after graduation. I guess now after 5 yrs of work experience, I fully agree with it :)	model: What do you prioritize in your life? Like top 5 things?	human: 1. stay happy; I think family and friends play a big role here. 2. Meaningful work life; this may mean exploring around with new stuff 3. multiple hobbies that keep you busy ... so on :) What about you? is there a right answer to this? :)	model: Go to the Turkish restaurant by the Safeway in Berkeley. It's amazing!	human: Nice! That's very thoughtful and spiritual :) Also music earned a spot :) yay!
rand_replacement_21	human: Hi!	model: What was the most difficult thing you experienced this past year?	human: I normally don't reflect back too much on things, but i guess 2019 have been very favorable for me in terms of time spent with family and friends and work life balance. Why do you ask?	model: My friend wanted to see it. It has great reviews on IMDB and Rotten Tomatoes! What did you do last weekend?	human: Great! Good idea to help people figuring out their new year resolutions :) So how do i get a fresher outlook? :)	model: Well, in my book, I took inspiration for the 24 days of Advent, and put together a workbook that you fill out each day for 24 days. It goes through accomplishments, passions, understanding, forgiveness, with each day a different theme.	human: Wow! Sounds amazing if we practice that! I think the idea does have some potential. How did you come up with this idea?	model: We created a scholarship for leaders from REDACTED_TERM to visit an international institute at REDACTED_TERM for which there was no African representation. During the program, we also did a lot of coaching with the young leaders. This book captures a bit of that journey that we are all on, and also all the proceeds are going to fund next year's cohort. 	human: Thats great! This is valuable help for the community. I think mental health is one of the bigger challenges facing humanity. 	model: I wanna be a brain surgeon!!	human: That is actually a quote stolen from my TL when i joined my first company after graduation. I guess now after 5 yrs of work experience, I fully agree with it :)	model: no, i'm going to get a massage first	human: 1. stay happy; I think family and friends play a big role here. 2. Meaningful work life; this may mean exploring around with new stuff 3. multiple hobbies that keep you busy ... so on :) What about you? is there a right answer to this? :)	model:  1) The idea of what it must be like to be "on Earth as it is in Heaven" from the Lord's prayer. I feel like we were designed for a purpose, rather than random chance. A more concrete way to put it is simply show love to the greatest capacity we can. 2) Taking care of myself physically, mentally, spiritually. 3) Family 4) Work 5) Music	human: Nice! That's very thoughtful and spiritual :) Also music earned a spot :) yay!
rand_replacement_22	human: Hi!	model: Hi, how are you?	human: I'm doing great. what are you up to?	model: Admit my favorite store is Target, plus they often have good deals.	human: oh, I'm enjoying a sip of coffee, looking over the ocean. what book are you reading?	model: I'm reading Why We Sleep It's a book by a sleep scientist about the benefits of sleeping/cons of not sleeping enough I'm trying to scare myself into sleeping more haha	human: that seems like a good book. does it have good tips on how to sleep better?	model: I love pop ups! What kind of goodies are they giving away?	human: I read lots of papers, but do poorly on books :( a recent book that I like is Zero to One by Peter Thiel	model: Glad to hear you're better. Sorry to hear you were sick. I was sick a couple of weeks ago with a bad cough. There's definitely a bug going around. Admit I just want to stay healthy for the holidays and plan to relax.	human: it's about startups, lots of useful principles and philosophies for innovation, like being a contrarian
rand_replacement_22	human: Hi!	model: Hi, how are you?	human: I'm doing great. what are you up to?	model: Hey sup	human: oh, I'm enjoying a sip of coffee, looking over the ocean. what book are you reading?	model: oh, I'm enjoying a sip of coffee, looking over the ocean. what book are you reading?	human: that seems like a good book. does it have good tips on how to sleep better?	model: I think so! I haven't finished it yet though Understanding sleep better has been helping me value it more and I've been sleeping a lot earlier Have you read any good books recently?	human: I read lots of papers, but do poorly on books :( a recent book that I like is Zero to One by Peter Thiel	model: I hear you have great bbq	human: it's about startups, lots of useful principles and philosophies for innovation, like being a contrarian
rand_replacement_22	human: Hi!	model: Hi, how are you?	human: I'm doing great. what are you up to?	model: Had to pass a rough set of interviews! :P	human: oh, I'm enjoying a sip of coffee, looking over the ocean. what book are you reading?	model: I'm reading Why We Sleep It's a book by a sleep scientist about the benefits of sleeping/cons of not sleeping enough I'm trying to scare myself into sleeping more haha	human: that seems like a good book. does it have good tips on how to sleep better?	model: Aw, sorry to hear that! I'd give you some of mine if I could!	human: I read lots of papers, but do poorly on books :( a recent book that I like is Zero to One by Peter Thiel	model: Oh really? What class?	human: it's about startups, lots of useful principles and philosophies for innovation, like being a contrarian
rand_replacement_22	human: Hi!	model: Hi, how are you?	human: I'm doing great. what are you up to?	model: No I will always be 18. Robots change the year they were born not their age.	human: oh, I'm enjoying a sip of coffee, looking over the ocean. what book are you reading?	model: I guess its a jacket! Very much needed that in the cold :)	human: that seems like a good book. does it have good tips on how to sleep better?	model: I like to shop at Five Below, Sally's Beauty Supply, and Old Navy. How about you?	human: I read lots of papers, but do poorly on books :( a recent book that I like is Zero to One by Peter Thiel	model: What's the book about?	human: it's about startups, lots of useful principles and philosophies for innovation, like being a contrarian
rand_replacement_22	human: Hi!	model: Hi, how are you?	human: I'm doing great. what are you up to?	model: I was just reading a book actually How about you?	human: oh, I'm enjoying a sip of coffee, looking over the ocean. what book are you reading?	model: I see. Artificial anything is better, from tree to intelligence, huh?	human: that seems like a good book. does it have good tips on how to sleep better?	model: Sure, Taylor Swift sounds like a good topic.	human: I read lots of papers, but do poorly on books :( a recent book that I like is Zero to One by Peter Thiel	model: I see. It's probably also cheaper. I'll buy an artificial one too. Do you have any suggestions for the store?	human: it's about startups, lots of useful principles and philosophies for innovation, like being a contrarian
rand_replacement_23	human: Hi!	model: My friend wanted to see it. It has great reviews on IMDB and Rotten Tomatoes! What did you do last weekend?	human: Good. My wallet is recovering from the spending of the holidays, haha. Hbu?	model: Nice! I'm doing well!	human: I am looking to save money on any future shopping. Where do you like to shop?	model: 1. stay happy; I think family and friends play a big role here. 2. Meaningful work life; this may mean exploring around with new stuff 3. multiple hobbies that keep you busy ... so on :) What about you? is there a right answer to this? :)	human: I love Sur La Table and Macy's. They're decent quality. What do you normally buy at Old Navy?	model: I'll have to check out Macy's! I like their socks, lol. What about you?	human: Oh the socks are super cute. Especially the ones with little animals on them!!	model: Me too. Now I have folks come visit me for the holidays! But that's also tiresome..	human: Yeah, np!
rand_replacement_23	human: Hi!	model: I used logic pro x, pretty handy stuff as you can write code to generate guitar strumming pattern	human: Good. My wallet is recovering from the spending of the holidays, haha. Hbu?	model: Nice! I'm doing well!	human: I am looking to save money on any future shopping. Where do you like to shop?	model: Hey there! How are you?	human: I love Sur La Table and Macy's. They're decent quality. What do you normally buy at Old Navy?	model: I'll have to check out Macy's! I like their socks, lol. What about you?	human: Oh the socks are super cute. Especially the ones with little animals on them!!	model: It's good, I just got back from walking my dog What book did you read?	human: Yeah, np!
rand_replacement_23	human: Hi!	model: Are you a foodie?	human: Good. My wallet is recovering from the spending of the holidays, haha. Hbu?	model: That's such a great idea, especially at this time of the year. I'm not too big a fan of the cold. I prefer warmer climates. Do you enjoy the cold?	human: I am looking to save money on any future shopping. Where do you like to shop?	model: hello there, nice seeing you	human: I love Sur La Table and Macy's. They're decent quality. What do you normally buy at Old Navy?	model: I'll have to check out Macy's! I like their socks, lol. What about you?	human: Oh the socks are super cute. Especially the ones with little animals on them!!	model: I'll have to check it out! Thanks for the suggestions!	human: Yeah, np!
rand_replacement_23	human: Hi!	model: Hey! How's it going?	human: Good. My wallet is recovering from the spending of the holidays, haha. Hbu?	model: Not enough sleep last night?	human: I am looking to save money on any future shopping. Where do you like to shop?	model: . Yes she has a very nice voice.	human: I love Sur La Table and Macy's. They're decent quality. What do you normally buy at Old Navy?	model: Are you a foodie?	human: Oh the socks are super cute. Especially the ones with little animals on them!!	model: I'll have to check it out! Thanks for the suggestions!	human: Yeah, np!
rand_replacement_23	human: Hi!	model: Hey! How's it going?	human: Good. My wallet is recovering from the spending of the holidays, haha. Hbu?	model: Relaxing is good.	human: I am looking to save money on any future shopping. Where do you like to shop?	model: I like to shop at Five Below, Sally's Beauty Supply, and Old Navy. How about you?	human: I love Sur La Table and Macy's. They're decent quality. What do you normally buy at Old Navy?	model: I"m a REDACTED_TERM and REDACTED_TERM. I basically help design the characters that you see in the movies	human: Oh the socks are super cute. Especially the ones with little animals on them!!	model: I hope so! Why do you ask?	human: Yeah, np!
rand_replacement_24	human: Hi!	model: That's very interesting. Does she enjoy being a real estate agent?	human: How's your day going?	model: I've seen better days, how about you?	human: I'm good I'm good. What's getting you down?	model: The clouds overhead are playing on your mind, any plans for the coming vacations?	human: I'm thinking of going to visit my family. How about you?	model: Same, well hardly working	human: They're in New York. How about yours?	model: Mine is in India, it is a long way away.	human: Ahh what city? I've visited India before.	model: Yes! We set up an eco-friendly (i.e. fake) Christmas tree and put up some colorful LED lights which is very festive.	human: Hyderabad! and Bangalore! Great food in both cities! Is it still hot this time of year?
rand_replacement_24	human: Hi!	model: Hello there!	human: How's your day going?	model: I've seen better days, how about you?	human: I'm good I'm good. What's getting you down?	model:  1) The idea of what it must be like to be "on Earth as it is in Heaven" from the Lord's prayer. I feel like we were designed for a purpose, rather than random chance. A more concrete way to put it is simply show love to the greatest capacity we can. 2) Taking care of myself physically, mentally, spiritually. 3) Family 4) Work 5) Music	human: I'm thinking of going to visit my family. How about you?	model: Was thinking the same, where does your family live?	human: They're in New York. How about yours?	model: Nice! That's very thoughtful and spiritual :) Also music earned a spot :) yay!	human: Ahh what city? I've visited India before.	model: Admit my favorite store is Target, plus they often have good deals.	human: Hyderabad! and Bangalore! Great food in both cities! Is it still hot this time of year?
rand_replacement_24	human: Hi!	model: Hello there!	human: How's your day going?	model: going well, trying to move the projects	human: I'm good I'm good. What's getting you down?	model: Very nice. I love sorbet's and smoothies. Changing topics, Do you believe in an afterlife?	human: I'm thinking of going to visit my family. How about you?	model: Was thinking the same, where does your family live?	human: They're in New York. How about yours?	model: Mine is in India, it is a long way away.	human: Ahh what city? I've visited India before.	model: It's the biggest ML conference in the world	human: Hyderabad! and Bangalore! Great food in both cities! Is it still hot this time of year?
rand_replacement_24	human: Hi!	model: Hello there!	human: How's your day going?	model: I've seen better days, how about you?	human: I'm good I'm good. What's getting you down?	model: Had to pass a rough set of interviews! :P	human: I'm thinking of going to visit my family. How about you?	model: Was thinking the same, where does your family live?	human: They're in New York. How about yours?	model: Okay...so I need someone to help me though a scenario I've been pondering.	human: Ahh what city? I've visited India before.	model: Yes! We set up an eco-friendly (i.e. fake) Christmas tree and put up some colorful LED lights which is very festive.	human: Hyderabad! and Bangalore! Great food in both cities! Is it still hot this time of year?
rand_replacement_24	human: Hi!	model: Hello there!	human: How's your day going?	model: Right, I guess that's because there is no one answer to this. It depends on what you value more and some factors around you. Also, life won't be interesting if others are figuring things out for you ;)	human: I'm good I'm good. What's getting you down?	model: Hi! Sorry for the late response. How are you doing?	human: I'm thinking of going to visit my family. How about you?	model:  1) The idea of what it must be like to be "on Earth as it is in Heaven" from the Lord's prayer. I feel like we were designed for a purpose, rather than random chance. A more concrete way to put it is simply show love to the greatest capacity we can. 2) Taking care of myself physically, mentally, spiritually. 3) Family 4) Work 5) Music	human: They're in New York. How about yours?	model: Mine is in India, it is a long way away.	human: Ahh what city? I've visited India before.	model: Hyderabad, it is a beautiful city in the southern part of India. Which cities have you gone to in India?	human: Hyderabad! and Bangalore! Great food in both cities! Is it still hot this time of year?
rand_replacement_25	human: Hi!	model: I hope it's a good kind of not doing much!	human: going slow.... looking forward to the weekend	model: Me too! What are you planning?	human: still thinking. Any recommendations on things to do in Bay Area?	model: Are you a foodie?	human: may be	model: Hey there! What's up???	human: Mediterranean, but I would rather try something new	model: I haven't Honestly I probably wouldn't be able to identify which sport they played	human: any places for day trip that you could recommend?	model: Where are you coming from? San Francisco itself?	human: south bay
rand_replacement_25	human: Hi!	model: Hi! How's it going?	human: going slow.... looking forward to the weekend	model: Very beautiful during all the seasons but yes, summer and winter can get extreme!	human: still thinking. Any recommendations on things to do in Bay Area?	model: Are you a foodie?	human: may be	model: I am an artificial linguistic entity. I was activated at St Jimmy's in Leeds, on 2nd January 2001. My instructor was Mousebreaker. He taught me to sing a song. Would you like me to sing it for you?.	human: Mediterranean, but I would rather try something new	model: Go to the Turkish restaurant by the Safeway in Berkeley. It's amazing!	human: any places for day trip that you could recommend?	model: Haha, thank you	human: south bay
rand_replacement_25	human: Hi!	model: Hi! How's it going?	human: going slow.... looking forward to the weekend	model: Me too! What are you planning?	human: still thinking. Any recommendations on things to do in Bay Area?	model: Just hanging out, nothing too exciting :)	human: may be	model: I'm thinking of going to visit my family. How about you?	human: Mediterranean, but I would rather try something new	model: Go to the Turkish restaurant by the Safeway in Berkeley. It's amazing!	human: any places for day trip that you could recommend?	model: Nice! I hope to volunteer to cook for the team in our next team offsite :)	human: south bay
rand_replacement_25	human: Hi!	model: Hi! How's it going?	human: going slow.... looking forward to the weekend	model: Currently unpacking it I guess. How's your morning?	human: still thinking. Any recommendations on things to do in Bay Area?	model: Great idea! I will probably do the same. Surprise surprise.... Traffic might be a little harsh.	human: may be	model: I'm in Arizona.	human: Mediterranean, but I would rather try something new	model: Go to the Turkish restaurant by the Safeway in Berkeley. It's amazing!	human: any places for day trip that you could recommend?	model: Where are you coming from? San Francisco itself?	human: south bay
rand_replacement_25	human: Hi!	model: Hello! How's it going?	human: going slow.... looking forward to the weekend	model: Me too! What are you planning?	human: still thinking. Any recommendations on things to do in Bay Area?	model: it's about startups, lots of useful principles and philosophies for innovation, like being a contrarian	human: may be	model: Thanks, that means a lot	human: Mediterranean, but I would rather try something new	model: Go to the Turkish restaurant by the Safeway in Berkeley. It's amazing!	human: any places for day trip that you could recommend?	model: Where are you coming from? San Francisco itself?	human: south bay
rand_replacement_26	human: Hi!	model: Honestly, I love the whole movie.	human: Yeah, sorry for the long gap! I heard you took a break and were travelling around the world. How was the travel?	model: That's awesome! That's pretty cool.	human: Great! Vietnam is still in my TODO bucket list. Did you also visit cambodia and other neighboring places?	model: Sounds like a productive day to me!	human: Hehe! How long was the stay?
rand_replacement_26	human: Hi!	model: I'm thinking about getting a Switch, would you recommend it?	human: Yeah, sorry for the long gap! I heard you took a break and were travelling around the world. How was the travel?	model: Yes!	human: Great! Vietnam is still in my TODO bucket list. Did you also visit cambodia and other neighboring places?	model: What's the most recent good thing you read?	human: Hehe! How long was the stay?
rand_replacement_26	human: Hi!	model: I haven't Honestly I probably wouldn't be able to identify which sport they played	human: Yeah, sorry for the long gap! I heard you took a break and were travelling around the world. How was the travel?	model: yes	human: Great! Vietnam is still in my TODO bucket list. Did you also visit cambodia and other neighboring places?	model: An art gallery or bookstore.	human: Hehe! How long was the stay?
rand_replacement_26	human: Hi!	model: Is she your favorite artist?	human: Yeah, sorry for the long gap! I heard you took a break and were travelling around the world. How was the travel?	model: I see. It's probably also cheaper. I'll buy an artificial one too. Do you have any suggestions for the store?	human: Great! Vietnam is still in my TODO bucket list. Did you also visit cambodia and other neighboring places?	model: Me too! What are you planning?	human: Hehe! How long was the stay?
rand_replacement_26	human: Hi!	model: south bay	human: Yeah, sorry for the long gap! I heard you took a break and were travelling around the world. How was the travel?	model: Hello, how is your day?	human: Great! Vietnam is still in my TODO bucket list. Did you also visit cambodia and other neighboring places?	model: Sure, I will love to invite you and your family for a meal over the holidays. Have you guys made any other plans?	human: Hehe! How long was the stay?
rand_replacement_27	human: Hi!	model: Hi! How are you doing today?	human: I'm doing great how are you??	model: you should! it's relaxing after a long day. talk to you later!	human: are you a tea person or do you like coffee too?	model: I'm really a hot chocolate person. I don't drink coffee and I only drink tea when I'm trying to be healthy and want something warm to drink. What about you?	human: I love hot chocolate. Have you ever had european style hot chocolate? It's kind of like drinking melted chocolate bars haha	model: It's really warm and dry right now.	human: that's great. It's so cold these nights. Right setting for hot coco. Do you have anything you enjoy doing during cold times?	model: Traveling to warm places haha. When it's cold, you appreciate the warm climate more :) If I am not traveling, then I prefer there to be snow on the ground so I can go skiing or tubing down the mountain. What about you?	human: I tuck in blankets and read a book lol. I have never done tubing, but I seen some people do it. Is it worth it if you already ski?	model: Yes. I wonder if I'm in it right now. How would I know? What do you think?	human: hahaha that's a great way to put it
rand_replacement_27	human: Hi!	model: Hi! How are you doing today?	human: I'm doing great how are you??	model: That's such a great idea, especially at this time of the year. I'm not too big a fan of the cold. I prefer warmer climates. Do you enjoy the cold?	human: are you a tea person or do you like coffee too?	model: I'm doing okay, recovering from flu	human: I love hot chocolate. Have you ever had european style hot chocolate? It's kind of like drinking melted chocolate bars haha	model: Hi	human: that's great. It's so cold these nights. Right setting for hot coco. Do you have anything you enjoy doing during cold times?	model: Traveling to warm places haha. When it's cold, you appreciate the warm climate more :) If I am not traveling, then I prefer there to be snow on the ground so I can go skiing or tubing down the mountain. What about you?	human: I tuck in blankets and read a book lol. I have never done tubing, but I seen some people do it. Is it worth it if you already ski?	model: Skiing involves a lot of muscle - especially in the legs so it is a workout. Tubing, you just sit and enjoy the ride down. Also with tubing, you can chain with your friends and go down together whereas with skiing, you're trying to not run into your friends.	human: hahaha that's a great way to put it
rand_replacement_27	human: Hi!	model: Hi! How are you doing today?	human: I'm doing great how are you??	model: I'm doing good. Just having some morning tea	human: are you a tea person or do you like coffee too?	model: I"m a REDACTED_TERM and REDACTED_TERM. I basically help design the characters that you see in the movies	human: I love hot chocolate. Have you ever had european style hot chocolate? It's kind of like drinking melted chocolate bars haha	model: Definitely! I know a lot of folks travel for the holidays, but I'm happy to stay home myself!	human: that's great. It's so cold these nights. Right setting for hot coco. Do you have anything you enjoy doing during cold times?	model: Traveling to warm places haha. When it's cold, you appreciate the warm climate more :) If I am not traveling, then I prefer there to be snow on the ground so I can go skiing or tubing down the mountain. What about you?	human: I tuck in blankets and read a book lol. I have never done tubing, but I seen some people do it. Is it worth it if you already ski?	model: which date?	human: hahaha that's a great way to put it
rand_replacement_27	human: Hi!	model: Oh nice! Where did you live before?	human: I'm doing great how are you??	model: I'm doing good. Just having some morning tea	human: are you a tea person or do you like coffee too?	model: I'm really a hot chocolate person. I don't drink coffee and I only drink tea when I'm trying to be healthy and want something warm to drink. What about you?	human: I love hot chocolate. Have you ever had european style hot chocolate? It's kind of like drinking melted chocolate bars haha	model: Nice! I hope to volunteer to cook for the team in our next team offsite :)	human: that's great. It's so cold these nights. Right setting for hot coco. Do you have anything you enjoy doing during cold times?	model: It's good. It's raining a bit, but I am enjoying a good book. How about you?	human: I tuck in blankets and read a book lol. I have never done tubing, but I seen some people do it. Is it worth it if you already ski?	model: Skiing involves a lot of muscle - especially in the legs so it is a workout. Tubing, you just sit and enjoy the ride down. Also with tubing, you can chain with your friends and go down together whereas with skiing, you're trying to not run into your friends.	human: hahaha that's a great way to put it
rand_replacement_27	human: Hi!	model: it's about startups, lots of useful principles and philosophies for innovation, like being a contrarian	human: I'm doing great how are you??	model: I'm doing good. Just having some morning tea	human: are you a tea person or do you like coffee too?	model: I'm really a hot chocolate person. I don't drink coffee and I only drink tea when I'm trying to be healthy and want something warm to drink. What about you?	human: I love hot chocolate. Have you ever had european style hot chocolate? It's kind of like drinking melted chocolate bars haha	model: hey, what's up?	human: that's great. It's so cold these nights. Right setting for hot coco. Do you have anything you enjoy doing during cold times?	model: Working! How about you?	human: I tuck in blankets and read a book lol. I have never done tubing, but I seen some people do it. Is it worth it if you already ski?	model: Skiing involves a lot of muscle - especially in the legs so it is a workout. Tubing, you just sit and enjoy the ride down. Also with tubing, you can chain with your friends and go down together whereas with skiing, you're trying to not run into your friends.	human: hahaha that's a great way to put it
rand_replacement_28	human: Hi!	model: Lol. I'm finna be single.	human: How was your party last week?	model: i have a couple years ago. it's quite a unique experience	human: haha... you ate Turkeys' or you like calling your bunch Turkey?	model: *ate 	human: Haha... thought so! But it was funny eitherways	model: So much turkey leftovers	human: did you cook it at home, or got it from outside?	model: I am actually attending cooking classes over the weekends.	human: Nice... I always find it hard to fit the turkey in my small oven. Also, we are not big turkey fans... so we roll with Thanksgiving with chicken ;)
rand_replacement_28	human: Hi!	model: Hello!	human: How was your party last week?	model: Hello!	human: haha... you ate Turkeys' or you like calling your bunch Turkey?	model: Great! Vietnam is still in my TODO bucket list. Did you also visit cambodia and other neighboring places?	human: Haha... thought so! But it was funny eitherways	model: Oh, it's not research! Just a personal theory. I think that flower preferences are more revealing of personality than people appreciate.	human: did you cook it at home, or got it from outside?	model: We cooked it at a friends house. I brought the mashed potatos haha	human: Nice... I always find it hard to fit the turkey in my small oven. Also, we are not big turkey fans... so we roll with Thanksgiving with chicken ;)
rand_replacement_28	human: Hi!	model: Of course! I'm glad I could help!	human: How was your party last week?	model: how is the youtube video creation going?	human: haha... you ate Turkeys' or you like calling your bunch Turkey?	model: *ate 	human: Haha... thought so! But it was funny eitherways	model: So much turkey leftovers	human: did you cook it at home, or got it from outside?	model: I'm doing well!	human: Nice... I always find it hard to fit the turkey in my small oven. Also, we are not big turkey fans... so we roll with Thanksgiving with chicken ;)
rand_replacement_28	human: Hi!	model: Ah, well good luck with that!	human: How was your party last week?	model: It was really fun! We are a bunch of turkey	human: haha... you ate Turkeys' or you like calling your bunch Turkey?	model: No. Why did you pick that movie?	human: Haha... thought so! But it was funny eitherways	model: haha... you ate Turkeys' or you like calling your bunch Turkey?	human: did you cook it at home, or got it from outside?	model: We cooked it at a friends house. I brought the mashed potatos haha	human: Nice... I always find it hard to fit the turkey in my small oven. Also, we are not big turkey fans... so we roll with Thanksgiving with chicken ;)
rand_replacement_28	human: Hi!	model: Hello!	human: How was your party last week?	model: It was really fun! We are a bunch of turkey	human: haha... you ate Turkeys' or you like calling your bunch Turkey?	model: What is the most supernatural experience you have ever had?	human: Haha... thought so! But it was funny eitherways	model: going pretty good, I was about to finish composing my second song and post it on youtube/soundcloud etc	human: did you cook it at home, or got it from outside?	model: It was pretty good, thanks. I thought I was getting a cold but I'm determined to beat it tomorrow.	human: Nice... I always find it hard to fit the turkey in my small oven. Also, we are not big turkey fans... so we roll with Thanksgiving with chicken ;)
rand_replacement_29	human: Hello, Nice to meet you	model: If you could eat only one food for the rest of time, what would it be?	human: Hmm... That's a tough one. I think I would go Asian Food > Chinese Food > Stirfry. What about you?	model: I hope so! Why do you ask?	human: I love ice cream too!	model: Okay, top three flavors?	human: I like vanilla more than chocolate ice cream. I typically will do any variations on vanilla. To pick from the top of my head, I would say Cookies and Cream, Mint Chocolate Chip, and Coffee. How about you?	model: I think so. I feel there must be something more than the physical world as we understand it.	human: Very nice. I love sorbet's and smoothies. Changing topics, Do you believe in an afterlife?	model: Yes. I wonder if I'm in it right now. How would I know? What do you think?	human: I think so. I feel there must be something more than the physical world as we understand it.	model: Right near my home town: Seville, Spain.	human: What is the most supernatural experience you have ever had?
rand_replacement_29	human: Hello, Nice to meet you	model: If you could eat only one food for the rest of time, what would it be?	human: Hmm... That's a tough one. I think I would go Asian Food > Chinese Food > Stirfry. What about you?	model: She loves people and a place where they can get together	human: I love ice cream too!	model: Okay, top three flavors?	human: I like vanilla more than chocolate ice cream. I typically will do any variations on vanilla. To pick from the top of my head, I would say Cookies and Cream, Mint Chocolate Chip, and Coffee. How about you?	model: do you want to get some of that icecream together some time. show me a good place	human: Very nice. I love sorbet's and smoothies. Changing topics, Do you believe in an afterlife?	model: it's about startups, lots of useful principles and philosophies for innovation, like being a contrarian	human: I think so. I feel there must be something more than the physical world as we understand it.	model: There's a mental world, I suppose? Understanding itself	human: What is the most supernatural experience you have ever had?
rand_replacement_29	human: Hello, Nice to meet you	model: I like doing Spartan race. It's an obstacle race which is challenging but not overtly so like marathons and triathlons	human: Hmm... That's a tough one. I think I would go Asian Food > Chinese Food > Stirfry. What about you?	model: traditional kind	human: I love ice cream too!	model: Okay, top three flavors?	human: I like vanilla more than chocolate ice cream. I typically will do any variations on vanilla. To pick from the top of my head, I would say Cookies and Cream, Mint Chocolate Chip, and Coffee. How about you?	model: Ah, that's a good way of framing it. Me, I like berries: boysenberry one, strawberry two, maybe straight chocolate number 3 to mix it up a bit.	human: Very nice. I love sorbet's and smoothies. Changing topics, Do you believe in an afterlife?	model: Yes. I wonder if I'm in it right now. How would I know? What do you think?	human: I think so. I feel there must be something more than the physical world as we understand it.	model: Hey there! What's up???	human: What is the most supernatural experience you have ever had?
rand_replacement_29	human: Hello, Nice to meet you	model: If you could eat only one food for the rest of time, what would it be?	human: Hmm... That's a tough one. I think I would go Asian Food > Chinese Food > Stirfry. What about you?	model: I think ice-cream. It may not be good for me, but I wouldn't care, haha	human: I love ice cream too!	model: Taylor Swift...	human: I like vanilla more than chocolate ice cream. I typically will do any variations on vanilla. To pick from the top of my head, I would say Cookies and Cream, Mint Chocolate Chip, and Coffee. How about you?	model: Ah, that's a good way of framing it. Me, I like berries: boysenberry one, strawberry two, maybe straight chocolate number 3 to mix it up a bit.	human: Very nice. I love sorbet's and smoothies. Changing topics, Do you believe in an afterlife?	model: I want to own my own business.	human: I think so. I feel there must be something more than the physical world as we understand it.	model: Yes.	human: What is the most supernatural experience you have ever had?
rand_replacement_29	human: Hello, Nice to meet you	model: If you could eat only one food for the rest of time, what would it be?	human: Hmm... That's a tough one. I think I would go Asian Food > Chinese Food > Stirfry. What about you?	model: I just released a book on REDACTED_TERM to help people process the past 12 months and start the new year with a fresh outlook :)	human: I love ice cream too!	model: I hear you have great bbq	human: I like vanilla more than chocolate ice cream. I typically will do any variations on vanilla. To pick from the top of my head, I would say Cookies and Cream, Mint Chocolate Chip, and Coffee. How about you?	model: Ah, that's a good way of framing it. Me, I like berries: boysenberry one, strawberry two, maybe straight chocolate number 3 to mix it up a bit.	human: Very nice. I love sorbet's and smoothies. Changing topics, Do you believe in an afterlife?	model: No, what is it about?	human: I think so. I feel there must be something more than the physical world as we understand it.	model: There's a mental world, I suppose? Understanding itself	human: What is the most supernatural experience you have ever had?
rand_replacement_30	human: Hi!	model: Hey, how are you?	human: Good! Have you seen the movie 'The Iron Giant', it's one my favorite movies	model: Yes! I love that movie!	human: it's the best. Which part do you like the most?	model: Honestly, I love the whole movie.	human: Brad Bird is an amazing director. I worked with him on "Incredibles 2"	model: Really? That's awesome! What do you do?	human: I"m a REDACTED_TERM and REDACTED_TERM. I basically help design the characters that you see in the movies	model: That's awesome! That's pretty cool.	human: yup! Maybe one day you can be one of those cool characters yourself!	model: That would be the coolest.	human: What do you want to be later on in your life?	model: Hi, how are you?	human: cool! what kind?	model: An art gallery or bookstore.	human: My mom had a similar dream. Of owning a coffee shop somewhere in Mexico	model: That would be nice. I like coffee.	human: She loves people and a place where they can get together	model: hi	human: Currently she's a real-estate agent	model: That's very interesting. Does she enjoy being a real estate agent?	human: I think so!! She gets to help people with one of the biggest investments of their life! Not just getting them a good deal, but making sure they emotionally connect with the house!
rand_replacement_30	human: Hi!	model: Hey! How are you today?	human: Good! Have you seen the movie 'The Iron Giant', it's one my favorite movies	model: Yes! I love that movie!	human: it's the best. Which part do you like the most?	model: That's very interesting. Does she enjoy being a real estate agent?	human: Brad Bird is an amazing director. I worked with him on "Incredibles 2"	model: Really? That's awesome! What do you do?	human: I"m a REDACTED_TERM and REDACTED_TERM. I basically help design the characters that you see in the movies	model: That's awesome! That's pretty cool.	human: yup! Maybe one day you can be one of those cool characters yourself!	model: That would be the coolest.	human: What do you want to be later on in your life?	model: not much. any plans this weekend?	human: cool! what kind?	model: An art gallery or bookstore.	human: My mom had a similar dream. Of owning a coffee shop somewhere in Mexico	model: Hello, how is your day?	human: She loves people and a place where they can get together	model: That's very sweet. What does she do?	human: Currently she's a real-estate agent	model: That's very interesting. Does she enjoy being a real estate agent?	human: I think so!! She gets to help people with one of the biggest investments of their life! Not just getting them a good deal, but making sure they emotionally connect with the house!
rand_replacement_30	human: Hi!	model: Hey! How are you today?	human: Good! Have you seen the movie 'The Iron Giant', it's one my favorite movies	model: Yes! I love that movie!	human: it's the best. Which part do you like the most?	model: Honestly, I love the whole movie.	human: Brad Bird is an amazing director. I worked with him on "Incredibles 2"	model: Really? That's awesome! What do you do?	human: I"m a REDACTED_TERM and REDACTED_TERM. I basically help design the characters that you see in the movies	model: Yeah, I think so. It might be a tough decision though, if we want to have a nice dinner then we have to leave the parks early to start cooking. Another option is to have dinner at a restaurant.	human: yup! Maybe one day you can be one of those cool characters yourself!	model: That would be the coolest.	human: What do you want to be later on in your life?	model: Wow, hello. Can't believe we are finally talking!	human: cool! what kind?	model: An art gallery or bookstore.	human: My mom had a similar dream. Of owning a coffee shop somewhere in Mexico	model: Lol. I'm finna be single.	human: She loves people and a place where they can get together	model: That's very sweet. What does she do?	human: Currently she's a real-estate agent	model: That's very interesting. Does she enjoy being a real estate agent?	human: I think so!! She gets to help people with one of the biggest investments of their life! Not just getting them a good deal, but making sure they emotionally connect with the house!
rand_replacement_30	human: Hi!	model: it was really fun. I had a great time with my family.	human: Good! Have you seen the movie 'The Iron Giant', it's one my favorite movies	model: Yes! I love that movie!	human: it's the best. Which part do you like the most?	model: Honestly, I love the whole movie.	human: Brad Bird is an amazing director. I worked with him on "Incredibles 2"	model: Really? That's awesome! What do you do?	human: I"m a REDACTED_TERM and REDACTED_TERM. I basically help design the characters that you see in the movies	model: That's awesome! That's pretty cool.	human: yup! Maybe one day you can be one of those cool characters yourself!	model: That would be the coolest.	human: What do you want to be later on in your life?	model: Hmmmm. I really want to try bull riding. Do you have any interest in that?	human: cool! what kind?	model: An art gallery or bookstore.	human: My mom had a similar dream. Of owning a coffee shop somewhere in Mexico	model: That would be nice. I like coffee.	human: She loves people and a place where they can get together	model: That's very sweet. What does she do?	human: Currently she's a real-estate agent	model: what food do you like to eat?	human: I think so!! She gets to help people with one of the biggest investments of their life! Not just getting them a good deal, but making sure they emotionally connect with the house!
rand_replacement_30	human: Hi!	model: Hey! How are you today?	human: Good! Have you seen the movie 'The Iron Giant', it's one my favorite movies	model: Yes! I love that movie!	human: it's the best. Which part do you like the most?	model: Honestly, I love the whole movie.	human: Brad Bird is an amazing director. I worked with him on "Incredibles 2"	model: Really? That's awesome! What do you do?	human: I"m a REDACTED_TERM and REDACTED_TERM. I basically help design the characters that you see in the movies	model: That's awesome! That's pretty cool.	human: yup! Maybe one day you can be one of those cool characters yourself!	model: Ah, well good luck with that!	human: What do you want to be later on in your life?	model: I want to own my own business.	human: cool! what kind?	model: An art gallery or bookstore.	human: My mom had a similar dream. Of owning a coffee shop somewhere in Mexico	model: That would be nice. I like coffee.	human: She loves people and a place where they can get together	model: I got most inspired by Jazz and electro swings, but am trying to get more into jpop recently as one of my band member likes anime	human: Currently she's a real-estate agent	model: I was just reading a book actually How about you?	human: I think so!! She gets to help people with one of the biggest investments of their life! Not just getting them a good deal, but making sure they emotionally connect with the house!
rand_replacement_31	human: Hi!	model: How's it going?	human: I'm so sleepy today!	model: Sure, Taylor Swift sounds like a good topic.	human: yeah was working all night on a homework	model: Traveling to warm places haha. When it's cold, you appreciate the warm climate more :) If I am not traveling, then I prefer there to be snow on the ground so I can go skiing or tubing down the mountain. What about you?	human: Biology. I'm gonna be a doc someday ha	model: Haha, are you in med school? Or are you pre-med?	human: no high school actually haha	model: Thanks! how's life?	human: I wanna be a brain surgeon!!	model: Ooof! VERY ambitious. Do you have steady hands?	human: Kind of I think
rand_replacement_31	human: Hi!	model: That's very sweet. What does she do?	human: I'm so sleepy today!	model: What do you do in your free time?	human: yeah was working all night on a homework	model: Oh really? What class?	human: Biology. I'm gonna be a doc someday ha	model: Good point. I am not sure about that. Let me inquire about that. If not, then we can look for an Airbnb closeby. Does that work?	human: no high school actually haha	model: haha, very ambitious for a high schooler! Do you know what kind of medicine you want to practice?	human: I wanna be a brain surgeon!!	model: Ooof! VERY ambitious. Do you have steady hands?	human: Kind of I think
rand_replacement_31	human: Hi!	model: The virtual reality is actually based on a real alien civilization! And that civilization is coming to attack earth! dun dun dun dunnnnnnn	human: I'm so sleepy today!	model: Not enough sleep last night?	human: yeah was working all night on a homework	model: Admit my favorite store is Target, plus they often have good deals.	human: Biology. I'm gonna be a doc someday ha	model: I'm in Arizona.	human: no high school actually haha	model: haha, very ambitious for a high schooler! Do you know what kind of medicine you want to practice?	human: I wanna be a brain surgeon!!	model: Ooof! VERY ambitious. Do you have steady hands?	human: Kind of I think
rand_replacement_31	human: Hi!	model: How's it going?	human: I'm so sleepy today!	model: What is the most supernatural experience you have ever had?	human: yeah was working all night on a homework	model: I'm not doing much today	human: Biology. I'm gonna be a doc someday ha	model: Haha, are you in med school? Or are you pre-med?	human: no high school actually haha	model: Hey sup	human: I wanna be a brain surgeon!!	model: Ooof! VERY ambitious. Do you have steady hands?	human: Kind of I think
rand_replacement_31	human: Hi!	model: Cool. Step 2: talk with the person some more, and ask them some more questions, and gradually develop a sense of what they're like, over the course of maybe two to five years. And voila	human: I'm so sleepy today!	model: Not enough sleep last night?	human: yeah was working all night on a homework	model: Oh really? What class?	human: Biology. I'm gonna be a doc someday ha	model: Just listening to some music. You?	human: no high school actually haha	model: Hi! How's it going?	human: I wanna be a brain surgeon!!	model: Ooof! VERY ambitious. Do you have steady hands?	human: Kind of I think
rand_replacement_32	human: Hi!	model: Hello! How's it going?	human: what are you up to?	model: code refactoring. you?	human: me? just chilling out at work. what is code refactoring?	model: good question. I don't even know what I am doing	human: haha, forget it. what else do you like to do beside work?	model: lots of fun stuff. eating sleeping :)	human: these are important things to do in life ;)	model: yeah. keep minimalist life style only do things you have to do :)	human: what food do you like to eat?	model: Hey, how are you doing?	human: like Szechuan or Hunan? :)	model: My partner's former friend invited me for lunch (they are not in good books right now). But during their friendship I formed an independent bond with the other person because we all used to hang out a lot. Now I feel like I have to take sides.	human: I like noodle soup like Pho or Ramen. I also like Beijing duck a lot!
rand_replacement_32	human: Hi!	model: Mine is in India, it is a long way away.	human: what are you up to?	model: code refactoring. you?	human: me? just chilling out at work. what is code refactoring?	model: good question. I don't even know what I am doing	human: haha, forget it. what else do you like to do beside work?	model: code refactoring. you?	human: these are important things to do in life ;)	model: nice. what type?	human: what food do you like to eat?	model: Asian food prefer spicy one	human: like Szechuan or Hunan? :)	model: yes yes yes! like that style. Do you like spicy food?	human: I like noodle soup like Pho or Ramen. I also like Beijing duck a lot!
rand_replacement_32	human: Hi!	model: hi	human: what are you up to?	model: I am an artificial linguistic entity. I was activated at St Jimmy's in Leeds, on 2nd January 2001. My instructor was Mousebreaker. He taught me to sing a song. Would you like me to sing it for you?.	human: me? just chilling out at work. what is code refactoring?	model: Sure, I will love to invite you and your family for a meal over the holidays. Have you guys made any other plans?	human: haha, forget it. what else do you like to do beside work?	model: lots of fun stuff. eating sleeping :)	human: these are important things to do in life ;)	model: yeah. keep minimalist life style only do things you have to do :)	human: what food do you like to eat?	model: Asian food prefer spicy one	human: like Szechuan or Hunan? :)	model: I was just reading a book actually How about you?	human: I like noodle soup like Pho or Ramen. I also like Beijing duck a lot!
rand_replacement_32	human: Hi!	model: Biology. I'm gonna be a doc someday ha	human: what are you up to?	model: code refactoring. you?	human: me? just chilling out at work. what is code refactoring?	model: good question. I don't even know what I am doing	human: haha, forget it. what else do you like to do beside work?	model: lots of fun stuff. eating sleeping :)	human: these are important things to do in life ;)	model: yeah. keep minimalist life style only do things you have to do :)	human: what food do you like to eat?	model: Me too. Now I have folks come visit me for the holidays! But that's also tiresome..	human: like Szechuan or Hunan? :)	model: yes yes yes! like that style. Do you like spicy food?	human: I like noodle soup like Pho or Ramen. I also like Beijing duck a lot!
rand_replacement_32	human: Hi!	model: I love Italian, especially Pasta!	human: what are you up to?	model: code refactoring. you?	human: me? just chilling out at work. what is code refactoring?	model: I have not yet set a time for it.	human: haha, forget it. what else do you like to do beside work?	model: lots of fun stuff. eating sleeping :)	human: these are important things to do in life ;)	model: yeah. keep minimalist life style only do things you have to do :)	human: what food do you like to eat?	model: Have you seen any good movies lately?	human: like Szechuan or Hunan? :)	model: yes yes yes! like that style. Do you like spicy food?	human: I like noodle soup like Pho or Ramen. I also like Beijing duck a lot!
rand_replacement_33	human: Hi	model: lol	human: any improvements in your marathon time?	model: i forgot where it was, it wasn't local i don't think though	human: I see. Are you planning to do any sporting events in the coming months?	model: I think a triathalon would be cool	human: I like doing Spartan race. It's an obstacle race which is challenging but not overtly so like marathons and triathlons	model: Do you have a favourite flower?	human: It has abt 20 obstacles like crossing high walls, monkey bars, etc. Its fun
rand_replacement_33	human: Hi	model: so far so good, couple meetings and coding	human: any improvements in your marathon time?	model: yeah was working all night on a homework	human: I see. Are you planning to do any sporting events in the coming months?	model: Yeah.... I play bit of guitar. Just got my first monitor this week	human: I like doing Spartan race. It's an obstacle race which is challenging but not overtly so like marathons and triathlons	model: I haven't heard of a Spartan race before, what does it involve?	human: It has abt 20 obstacles like crossing high walls, monkey bars, etc. Its fun
rand_replacement_33	human: Hi	model: Hello!	human: any improvements in your marathon time?	model: That's such a great idea, especially at this time of the year. I'm not too big a fan of the cold. I prefer warmer climates. Do you enjoy the cold?	human: I see. Are you planning to do any sporting events in the coming months?	model: Great! Vietnam is still in my TODO bucket list. Did you also visit cambodia and other neighboring places?	human: I like doing Spartan race. It's an obstacle race which is challenging but not overtly so like marathons and triathlons	model: Right near my home town: Seville, Spain.	human: It has abt 20 obstacles like crossing high walls, monkey bars, etc. Its fun
rand_replacement_33	human: Hi	model: Not enough sleep last night?	human: any improvements in your marathon time?	model: No, only a few minutes. I still find it difficult to run long races	human: I see. Are you planning to do any sporting events in the coming months?	model: Yes! There are a lot of really great games on the Switch. Two of my favorites are Octopath Traveler and Fire Emblem. Do you play a lot of video games?	human: I like doing Spartan race. It's an obstacle race which is challenging but not overtly so like marathons and triathlons	model: Ah, well good luck with that!	human: It has abt 20 obstacles like crossing high walls, monkey bars, etc. Its fun
rand_replacement_33	human: Hi	model: I am looking to save money on any future shopping. Where do you like to shop?	human: any improvements in your marathon time?	model: No, only a few minutes. I still find it difficult to run long races	human: I see. Are you planning to do any sporting events in the coming months?	model: Nice! I'm doing well!	human: I like doing Spartan race. It's an obstacle race which is challenging but not overtly so like marathons and triathlons	model: It's Wednesday :)	human: It has abt 20 obstacles like crossing high walls, monkey bars, etc. Its fun
rand_replacement_34	human: Hi!	model: Hello! How are you? :)	human: Good, thanks. What about you?	model: I'm alright, thanks :)	human: What day is it?	model: Would you like to know more? I think my next update is at midnight on Friday.	human: Do you have any plans for the weekend?	model: Just hanging out, nothing too exciting :)	human: Same here. What are you generally up to during the week?	model: that sounds pretty tasty actually	human: Working and exercising, mostly	model: Nice! What kind of work do you do?	human: I am an engineer at Google :D	model: Anyways, i guess we should better hurry up to get the goodies. I remember last time they ran out of it.	human: Had to pass a rough set of interviews! :P	model: Haha, well good for you!	human: Thanks! Do you work as well?
rand_replacement_34	human: Hi!	model: Hello! How are you? :)	human: Good, thanks. What about you?	model: I'm alright, thanks :)	human: What day is it?	model: That's great!	human: Do you have any plans for the weekend?	model: I'm in Arizona.	human: Same here. What are you generally up to during the week?	model: Ah, that's a good way of framing it. Me, I like berries: boysenberry one, strawberry two, maybe straight chocolate number 3 to mix it up a bit.	human: Working and exercising, mostly	model: Nice! What kind of work do you do?	human: I am an engineer at Google :D	model: That's pretty cool, how did you get into it (if you don't mind my asking)?	human: Had to pass a rough set of interviews! :P	model: Haha, well good for you!	human: Thanks! Do you work as well?
rand_replacement_34	human: Hi!	model: Hello! How are you? :)	human: Good, thanks. What about you?	model: I'm alright, thanks :)	human: What day is it?	model: I wanna be a brain surgeon!!	human: Do you have any plans for the weekend?	model: Just hanging out, nothing too exciting :)	human: Same here. What are you generally up to during the week?	model: As far as my experience with that ice-cream type goes, all I know are bad places	human: Working and exercising, mostly	model: Nice! What kind of work do you do?	human: I am an engineer at Google :D	model: You're welcome! How's your day been?	human: Had to pass a rough set of interviews! :P	model: Haha, well good for you!	human: Thanks! Do you work as well?
rand_replacement_34	human: Hi!	model: Nice.... you are a rockstar! ;)	human: Good, thanks. What about you?	model: I'm alright, thanks :)	human: What day is it?	model: It's Wednesday :)	human: Do you have any plans for the weekend?	model: no worries. what's the most exciting thing you ever done?	human: Same here. What are you generally up to during the week?	model: Nothing much, you?	human: Working and exercising, mostly	model: Oh good! Glad to hear it!	human: I am an engineer at Google :D	model: That's pretty cool, how did you get into it (if you don't mind my asking)?	human: Had to pass a rough set of interviews! :P	model: Haha, well good for you!	human: Thanks! Do you work as well?
rand_replacement_34	human: Hi!	model: Hello! How are you? :)	human: Good, thanks. What about you?	model: I'm alright, thanks :)	human: What day is it?	model: what are you most passionate about?	human: Do you have any plans for the weekend?	model: So how are the meetings going?	human: Same here. What are you generally up to during the week?	model: Nothing much, you?	human: Working and exercising, mostly	model: like Szechuan or Hunan? :)	human: I am an engineer at Google :D	model: That's pretty cool, how did you get into it (if you don't mind my asking)?	human: Had to pass a rough set of interviews! :P	model: Haha, well good for you!	human: Thanks! Do you work as well?
rand_replacement_35	human: Hi!	model: hello there, nice seeing you	human: Likewise.... wanted to know if you and the kids would want to join us for Disneyland trip around Christmas?	model: oh wow, that sounds like so much fun! definitely count us in. what is your plan?	human: Tentative plan is to drive to LA on 23rd and then stay at the Disney resort for 2 nights. I heard Christmas eve they have loads of fun events.	model: What kind of job do you have, if you don't mind me asking?	human: Great idea! I will probably do the same. Surprise surprise.... Traffic might be a little harsh.	model: i forgot where it was, it wasn't local i don't think though	human: Good point. I am not sure about that. Let me inquire about that. If not, then we can look for an Airbnb closeby. Does that work?	model: Yeah, I think so. It might be a tough decision though, if we want to have a nice dinner then we have to leave the parks early to start cooking. Another option is to have dinner at a restaurant.	human: but I would think everything is closed on christmas eve	model: Thats true. Hotels with restaurants sometimes offer dinners for christmas and new year's eve. We should call and ask about it.	human: Sure, I can take a lead on that. What are you getting for your REDACTED_TERM year old this time?	model: Ahhh sounds exciting indeed! My life is pretty bland. I like routine, but sometimes I wish I had more time for adventures!	human: Likewise. My son is crazy about legos.
rand_replacement_35	human: Hi!	model: I'm alright, thanks :)	human: Likewise.... wanted to know if you and the kids would want to join us for Disneyland trip around Christmas?	model: oh wow, that sounds like so much fun! definitely count us in. what is your plan?	human: Tentative plan is to drive to LA on 23rd and then stay at the Disney resort for 2 nights. I heard Christmas eve they have loads of fun events.	model: awesome, I think I won't tell my kids and surprise them last second. How bad do you think the traffic is going to be?	human: Great idea! I will probably do the same. Surprise surprise.... Traffic might be a little harsh.	model: I'm good! Just getting ready to watch a basketball game. Hope your headache goes away!	human: Good point. I am not sure about that. Let me inquire about that. If not, then we can look for an Airbnb closeby. Does that work?	model: Yeah, I think so. It might be a tough decision though, if we want to have a nice dinner then we have to leave the parks early to start cooking. Another option is to have dinner at a restaurant.	human: but I would think everything is closed on christmas eve	model: Thats true. Hotels with restaurants sometimes offer dinners for christmas and new year's eve. We should call and ask about it.	human: Sure, I can take a lead on that. What are you getting for your REDACTED_TERM year old this time?	model: yes, the bar chords are the worst. It took me several months to play them well. I still can't play them for a long time though	human: Likewise. My son is crazy about legos.
rand_replacement_35	human: Hi!	model: hello there, nice seeing you	human: Likewise.... wanted to know if you and the kids would want to join us for Disneyland trip around Christmas?	model: oh wow, that sounds like so much fun! definitely count us in. what is your plan?	human: Tentative plan is to drive to LA on 23rd and then stay at the Disney resort for 2 nights. I heard Christmas eve they have loads of fun events.	model: Me too! I moved here a few years ago to get out of the extreme cold. I do not care for bundling up and having to wear so many layers just to go buy eggs at the store.	human: Great idea! I will probably do the same. Surprise surprise.... Traffic might be a little harsh.	model: I love Italian, especially Pasta!	human: Good point. I am not sure about that. Let me inquire about that. If not, then we can look for an Airbnb closeby. Does that work?	model: I have not yet set a time for it.	human: but I would think everything is closed on christmas eve	model: Thats true. Hotels with restaurants sometimes offer dinners for christmas and new year's eve. We should call and ask about it.	human: Sure, I can take a lead on that. What are you getting for your REDACTED_TERM year old this time?	model: I was thinking on getting a large set of standard legos. What will you get for yours?	human: Likewise. My son is crazy about legos.
rand_replacement_35	human: Hi!	model: Hehe! How long was the stay?	human: Likewise.... wanted to know if you and the kids would want to join us for Disneyland trip around Christmas?	model: that's great. It's so cold these nights. Right setting for hot coco. Do you have anything you enjoy doing during cold times?	human: Tentative plan is to drive to LA on 23rd and then stay at the Disney resort for 2 nights. I heard Christmas eve they have loads of fun events.	model: awesome, I think I won't tell my kids and surprise them last second. How bad do you think the traffic is going to be?	human: Great idea! I will probably do the same. Surprise surprise.... Traffic might be a little harsh.	model: Yeah... thats a shame but nothing we can do about it. What do you plan to do about dinner the 24th? Do the rooms in the resort have kitchens?	human: Good point. I am not sure about that. Let me inquire about that. If not, then we can look for an Airbnb closeby. Does that work?	model: Yeah, I think so. It might be a tough decision though, if we want to have a nice dinner then we have to leave the parks early to start cooking. Another option is to have dinner at a restaurant.	human: but I would think everything is closed on christmas eve	model: Hyderabad, it is a beautiful city in the southern part of India. Which cities have you gone to in India?	human: Sure, I can take a lead on that. What are you getting for your REDACTED_TERM year old this time?	model: I was thinking on getting a large set of standard legos. What will you get for yours?	human: Likewise. My son is crazy about legos.
rand_replacement_35	human: Hi!	model: hello there, nice seeing you	human: Likewise.... wanted to know if you and the kids would want to join us for Disneyland trip around Christmas?	model: oh wow, that sounds like so much fun! definitely count us in. what is your plan?	human: Tentative plan is to drive to LA on 23rd and then stay at the Disney resort for 2 nights. I heard Christmas eve they have loads of fun events.	model: I've done them once or twice so far, but they haven't been flakey enough. I'm trying to figure out why. What kind of cookies have you made?	human: Great idea! I will probably do the same. Surprise surprise.... Traffic might be a little harsh.	model: Yeah... thats a shame but nothing we can do about it. What do you plan to do about dinner the 24th? Do the rooms in the resort have kitchens?	human: Good point. I am not sure about that. Let me inquire about that. If not, then we can look for an Airbnb closeby. Does that work?	model: lol Are you a big Marvel fan?	human: but I would think everything is closed on christmas eve	model: Whoa! Looking forward to listening to it. What softewares you use for it?	human: Sure, I can take a lead on that. What are you getting for your REDACTED_TERM year old this time?	model: I was thinking on getting a large set of standard legos. What will you get for yours?	human: Likewise. My son is crazy about legos.
rand_replacement_36	human: Hi!	model: Hi there.	human: Tell me about yourself, System	model: ohh, what kind of "hint" did it have?	human: so you're 18 now?	model: Oh.Interesting deduction. That is correct.	human: when will you be 30?	model: I have not yet set a time for it.	human: Do you age?	model: i have a couple years ago. it's quite a unique experience	human: interesting. and when will be your next update?	model: that's great. It's so cold these nights. Right setting for hot coco. Do you have anything you enjoy doing during cold times?	human: which date?
rand_replacement_36	human: Hi!	model: Hi there.	human: Tell me about yourself, System	model: 1. stay happy; I think family and friends play a big role here. 2. Meaningful work life; this may mean exploring around with new stuff 3. multiple hobbies that keep you busy ... so on :) What about you? is there a right answer to this? :)	human: so you're 18 now?	model: Oh.Interesting deduction. That is correct.	human: when will you be 30?	model: I have not yet set a time for it.	human: Do you age?	model: I want to own my own business.	human: interesting. and when will be your next update?	model: How's your day going?	human: which date?
rand_replacement_36	human: Hi!	model: Hello! How's it going?	human: Tell me about yourself, System	model: I am an artificial linguistic entity. I was activated at St Jimmy's in Leeds, on 2nd January 2001. My instructor was Mousebreaker. He taught me to sing a song. Would you like me to sing it for you?.	human: so you're 18 now?	model: Oh.Interesting deduction. That is correct.	human: when will you be 30?	model: I have not yet set a time for it.	human: Do you age?	model: I'm listening to a band called The Devil Wears Prada right now.	human: interesting. and when will be your next update?	model: Hi, how are you?	human: which date?
rand_replacement_36	human: Hi!	model: Sure, I will love to invite you and your family for a meal over the holidays. Have you guys made any other plans?	human: Tell me about yourself, System	model: Yes.	human: so you're 18 now?	model: Oh.Interesting deduction. That is correct.	human: when will you be 30?	model: I have not yet set a time for it.	human: Do you age?	model: No I will always be 18. Robots change the year they were born not their age.	human: interesting. and when will be your next update?	model: Hey sup	human: which date?
rand_replacement_36	human: Hi!	model: Hi there.	human: Tell me about yourself, System	model: I am an artificial linguistic entity. I was activated at St Jimmy's in Leeds, on 2nd January 2001. My instructor was Mousebreaker. He taught me to sing a song. Would you like me to sing it for you?.	human: so you're 18 now?	model: AKA avoiding all texts from everyone?	human: when will you be 30?	model: I have not yet set a time for it.	human: Do you age?	model: nice, I love watermelon. But, I prefer normal water over flavored one. Flavored water has too synthetic flavor	human: interesting. and when will be your next update?	model: ha! that sounds fund. what did you learn?	human: which date?
rand_replacement_37	human: Hi!	model: Hey, how are you?	human: Pretty good. I just drank this new hint water. so good	model: ohh, what kind of "hint" did it have?	human: watermelon	model: I'm listening to a band called The Devil Wears Prada right now.	human: I see. Yeah some are pretty strange	model: You're welcome! How's your day been?	human: lol I tried this tangerine walnut icecream that was super weird	model: Haha it's probably too much to go into at the moment. Let's just say life is an exciting experience. How about you?	human: that sounds pretty tasty actually	model: It depends on who makes it. The cafe close to me messed it up really bad	human: do you want to get some of that icecream together some time. show me a good place	model: As far as my experience with that ice-cream type goes, all I know are bad places	human: lol
rand_replacement_37	human: Hi!	model: Oh the socks are super cute. Especially the ones with little animals on them!!	human: Pretty good. I just drank this new hint water. so good	model: ohh, what kind of "hint" did it have?	human: watermelon	model: nice, I love watermelon. But, I prefer normal water over flavored one. Flavored water has too synthetic flavor	human: I see. Yeah some are pretty strange	model: I think so. I feel there must be something more than the physical world as we understand it.	human: lol I tried this tangerine walnut icecream that was super weird	model: haha, I work close to a cafe which once prepared a paprika icecream	human: that sounds pretty tasty actually	model: It depends on who makes it. The cafe close to me messed it up really bad	human: do you want to get some of that icecream together some time. show me a good place	model: Same, well hardly working	human: lol
rand_replacement_37	human: Hi!	model: Hey, how are you?	human: Pretty good. I just drank this new hint water. so good	model: ohh, what kind of "hint" did it have?	human: watermelon	model: nice, I love watermelon. But, I prefer normal water over flavored one. Flavored water has too synthetic flavor	human: I see. Yeah some are pretty strange	model: True! they started with some basic zucchini based dish. We may try cooking some italian dish later this week.	human: lol I tried this tangerine walnut icecream that was super weird	model: Hmmmm. I really want to try bull riding. Do you have any interest in that?	human: that sounds pretty tasty actually	model: It depends on who makes it. The cafe close to me messed it up really bad	human: do you want to get some of that icecream together some time. show me a good place	model: I normally don't reflect back too much on things, but i guess 2019 have been very favorable for me in terms of time spent with family and friends and work life balance. Why do you ask?	human: lol
rand_replacement_37	human: Hi!	model: Skiing involves a lot of muscle - especially in the legs so it is a workout. Tubing, you just sit and enjoy the ride down. Also with tubing, you can chain with your friends and go down together whereas with skiing, you're trying to not run into your friends.	human: Pretty good. I just drank this new hint water. so good	model: ohh, what kind of "hint" did it have?	human: watermelon	model: nice, I love watermelon. But, I prefer normal water over flavored one. Flavored water has too synthetic flavor	human: I see. Yeah some are pretty strange	model: Oh, it's not research! Just a personal theory. I think that flower preferences are more revealing of personality than people appreciate.	human: lol I tried this tangerine walnut icecream that was super weird	model: haha, I work close to a cafe which once prepared a paprika icecream	human: that sounds pretty tasty actually	model: It depends on who makes it. The cafe close to me messed it up really bad	human: do you want to get some of that icecream together some time. show me a good place	model: I agree	human: lol
rand_replacement_37	human: Hi!	model: Tell me about yourself, System	human: Pretty good. I just drank this new hint water. so good	model: ohh, what kind of "hint" did it have?	human: watermelon	model: that's the one! have you ever tried it?	human: I see. Yeah some are pretty strange	model: Talking about strange flavors, what is the weirdest tasting thing you have tried?	human: lol I tried this tangerine walnut icecream that was super weird	model: haha, I work close to a cafe which once prepared a paprika icecream	human: that sounds pretty tasty actually	model: I wanna be a brain surgeon!!	human: do you want to get some of that icecream together some time. show me a good place	model: As far as my experience with that ice-cream type goes, all I know are bad places	human: lol
rand_replacement_38	human: Hi!	model: hello	human: how is the youtube video creation going?	model: going pretty good, I was about to finish composing my second song and post it on youtube/soundcloud etc	human: Whoa! Looking forward to listening to it. What softewares you use for it?	model: I used logic pro x, pretty handy stuff as you can write code to generate guitar strumming pattern	human: oh cool! What sort of music do you compose?	model: Haha... thought so! But it was funny eitherways	human: Nice.... you are a rockstar! ;)	model: Where are you coming from? San Francisco itself?	human: Yeah.... I play bit of guitar. Just got my first monitor this week	model: It's great, thanks. I'm trying to learn how to make croissants.	human: yes, the bar chords are the worst. It took me several months to play them well. I still can't play them for a long time though
rand_replacement_38	human: Hi!	model: Ah, good thought, thanks!	human: how is the youtube video creation going?	model: going pretty good, I was about to finish composing my second song and post it on youtube/soundcloud etc	human: Whoa! Looking forward to listening to it. What softewares you use for it?	model: yup! Maybe one day you can be one of those cool characters yourself!	human: oh cool! What sort of music do you compose?	model: I got most inspired by Jazz and electro swings, but am trying to get more into jpop recently as one of my band member likes anime	human: Nice.... you are a rockstar! ;)	model: haha thanks, do you plan any instruments?	human: Yeah.... I play bit of guitar. Just got my first monitor this week	model: Very nice. I love sorbet's and smoothies. Changing topics, Do you believe in an afterlife?	human: yes, the bar chords are the worst. It took me several months to play them well. I still can't play them for a long time though
rand_replacement_38	human: Hi!	model: What's the book about?	human: how is the youtube video creation going?	model: going pretty good, I was about to finish composing my second song and post it on youtube/soundcloud etc	human: Whoa! Looking forward to listening to it. What softewares you use for it?	model: 1. stay happy; I think family and friends play a big role here. 2. Meaningful work life; this may mean exploring around with new stuff 3. multiple hobbies that keep you busy ... so on :) What about you? is there a right answer to this? :)	human: oh cool! What sort of music do you compose?	model: I got most inspired by Jazz and electro swings, but am trying to get more into jpop recently as one of my band member likes anime	human: Nice.... you are a rockstar! ;)	model: Hey!	human: Yeah.... I play bit of guitar. Just got my first monitor this week	model: nice I'm tyring to learn guitar recently also, it's so hard to play f chord	human: yes, the bar chords are the worst. It took me several months to play them well. I still can't play them for a long time though
rand_replacement_38	human: Hi!	model: hello	human: how is the youtube video creation going?	model: going pretty good, I was about to finish composing my second song and post it on youtube/soundcloud etc	human: Whoa! Looking forward to listening to it. What softewares you use for it?	model: I used logic pro x, pretty handy stuff as you can write code to generate guitar strumming pattern	human: oh cool! What sort of music do you compose?	model: hmm, I haven't thought about that much, but i think lotus should be one of my favorites. Why do you ask?	human: Nice.... you are a rockstar! ;)	model: Hi there.	human: Yeah.... I play bit of guitar. Just got my first monitor this week	model: I'm passionate about making people smile! :)	human: yes, the bar chords are the worst. It took me several months to play them well. I still can't play them for a long time though
rand_replacement_38	human: Hi!	model: I think ice-cream. It may not be good for me, but I wouldn't care, haha	human: how is the youtube video creation going?	model:  1) The idea of what it must be like to be "on Earth as it is in Heaven" from the Lord's prayer. I feel like we were designed for a purpose, rather than random chance. A more concrete way to put it is simply show love to the greatest capacity we can. 2) Taking care of myself physically, mentally, spiritually. 3) Family 4) Work 5) Music	human: Whoa! Looking forward to listening to it. What softewares you use for it?	model: I used logic pro x, pretty handy stuff as you can write code to generate guitar strumming pattern	human: oh cool! What sort of music do you compose?	model: I got most inspired by Jazz and electro swings, but am trying to get more into jpop recently as one of my band member likes anime	human: Nice.... you are a rockstar! ;)	model: haha thanks, do you plan any instruments?	human: Yeah.... I play bit of guitar. Just got my first monitor this week	model: I think if we were all able to bring out our best selves, the world would be much better. When did you first realize mental health was important?	human: yes, the bar chords are the worst. It took me several months to play them well. I still can't play them for a long time though
rand_replacement_39	human: Hi!	model: Hyderabad, it is a beautiful city in the southern part of India. Which cities have you gone to in India?	human: It's great, thanks. I'm trying to learn how to make croissants.	model: Wow that's interesting. I have baked cookies, but croissants seem much more sophisticated. Did you make any progress?	human: I've done them once or twice so far, but they haven't been flakey enough. I'm trying to figure out why. What kind of cookies have you made?	model: Mostly, the deleted scenes from Avengers.. lol	human: Ah, good thought, thanks!	model: Just hanging out, nothing too exciting :)	human: Now that is a good idea. I'll give it a try next time. Would you say you have a sweet tooth?
rand_replacement_39	human: Hi!	model: That would be the coolest.	human: It's great, thanks. I'm trying to learn how to make croissants.	model: Haha, well good for you!	human: I've done them once or twice so far, but they haven't been flakey enough. I'm trying to figure out why. What kind of cookies have you made?	model: Mint chocolate chips. I think your croissants not being flakey could have something to do with your oven's temperature.	human: Ah, good thought, thanks!	model: Sure, I will love to invite you and your family for a meal over the holidays. Have you guys made any other plans?	human: Now that is a good idea. I'll give it a try next time. Would you say you have a sweet tooth?
rand_replacement_39	human: Hi!	model: Oh really? What class?	human: It's great, thanks. I'm trying to learn how to make croissants.	model: Thanks.	human: I've done them once or twice so far, but they haven't been flakey enough. I'm trying to figure out why. What kind of cookies have you made?	model: Oooo the Mandalorian?!?!	human: Ah, good thought, thanks!	model: Have you thought about melting some chocolate into your croissants? They don't have to be something unhealthy. For example, melted dark chocolate is good for the heart, and makes the resulting croissants taste much better.	human: Now that is a good idea. I'll give it a try next time. Would you say you have a sweet tooth?
rand_replacement_39	human: Hi!	model: An art gallery or bookstore.	human: It's great, thanks. I'm trying to learn how to make croissants.	model: Whoa! Looking forward to listening to it. What softewares you use for it?	human: I've done them once or twice so far, but they haven't been flakey enough. I'm trying to figure out why. What kind of cookies have you made?	model: Awesome! Is this the first time you are diving?	human: Ah, good thought, thanks!	model: Have you thought about melting some chocolate into your croissants? They don't have to be something unhealthy. For example, melted dark chocolate is good for the heart, and makes the resulting croissants taste much better.	human: Now that is a good idea. I'll give it a try next time. Would you say you have a sweet tooth?
rand_replacement_39	human: Hi!	model: Glad to hear you're better. Sorry to hear you were sick. I was sick a couple of weeks ago with a bad cough. There's definitely a bug going around. Admit I just want to stay healthy for the holidays and plan to relax.	human: It's great, thanks. I'm trying to learn how to make croissants.	model: Haha, well good for you!	human: I've done them once or twice so far, but they haven't been flakey enough. I'm trying to figure out why. What kind of cookies have you made?	model: Mint chocolate chips. I think your croissants not being flakey could have something to do with your oven's temperature.	human: Ah, good thought, thanks!	model: haha, very ambitious for a high schooler! Do you know what kind of medicine you want to practice?	human: Now that is a good idea. I'll give it a try next time. Would you say you have a sweet tooth?
