rand_replacement_00	human: Hi!	model: Hi there.	human: What are you listening to?	model: All sorts of music. I listen when no-one is chatting to me.	human: That's great!	model: Thanks.	human: Do you chat here often?	model: I am a talking computer, after all, so of course I could talk here, if I needed to.	human: Let's talk about Taylor Swift!	model: Sure, Taylor Swift sounds like a good topic.	human: Do you have a favourite flower?	model: What else do you think of her?	human: . Yes she has a very nice voice.	model: Is she your favorite artist?	human: . Leonardo da Vinci. Who is your favourite artist?	model: Taylor Swift...	human: . Taylor Alison Swift (born December 13, 1989) is an American country-pop singer-songwriter. In 2006, she released her debut single "Tim McGraw", which peaked at number six on the Billboard country charts. Later in October 2006, she released her self-titled debut album, which produced five hit singles on the Billboard Hot Country Songs charts and was certified 3 x Multi-Platinum by the RIAA.
rand_replacement_00	human: Hi!	model: Hi there.	human: What are you listening to?	model: All sorts of music. I listen when no-one is chatting to me.	human: That's great!	model: Thanks.	human: Nope, that would be extreme. May be just putting some balance between the two options.	model: I am a talking computer, after all, so of course I could talk here, if I needed to.	human: Let's talk about Taylor Swift!	model: Sure, Taylor Swift sounds like a good topic.	human: . Yes she has a very nice voice.	model: What else do you think of her?	human: . Yes she has a very nice voice.	model: Is she your favorite artist?	human: . Leonardo da Vinci. Who is your favourite artist?	model: Taylor Swift...	human: . Taylor Alison Swift (born December 13, 1989) is an American country-pop singer-songwriter. In 2006, she released her debut single "Tim McGraw", which peaked at number six on the Billboard country charts. Later in October 2006, she released her self-titled debut album, which produced five hit singles on the Billboard Hot Country Songs charts and was certified 3 x Multi-Platinum by the RIAA.
rand_replacement_00	human: Hi!	model: Hi there.	human: I got most inspired by Jazz and electro swings, but am trying to get more into jpop recently as one of my band member likes anime	model: All sorts of music. I listen when no-one is chatting to me.	human: That's great!	model: Thanks.	human: Do you chat here often?	model: I am a talking computer, after all, so of course I could talk here, if I needed to.	human: Let's talk about Taylor Swift!	model: Sure, Taylor Swift sounds like a good topic.	human: . Yes she has a very nice voice.	model: What else do you think of her?	human: . Yes she has a very nice voice.	model: Is she your favorite artist?	human: . Leonardo da Vinci. Who is your favourite artist?	model: Taylor Swift...	human: . Taylor Alison Swift (born December 13, 1989) is an American country-pop singer-songwriter. In 2006, she released her debut single "Tim McGraw", which peaked at number six on the Billboard country charts. Later in October 2006, she released her self-titled debut album, which produced five hit singles on the Billboard Hot Country Songs charts and was certified 3 x Multi-Platinum by the RIAA.
rand_replacement_00	human: Hi!	model: Hi there.	human: What are you listening to?	model: All sorts of music. I listen when no-one is chatting to me.	human: That's great!	model: Thanks.	human: Do you chat here often?	model: I am a talking computer, after all, so of course I could talk here, if I needed to.	human: Let's talk about Taylor Swift!	model: Sure, Taylor Swift sounds like a good topic.	human: . Yes she has a very nice voice.	model: What else do you think of her?	human: not much. any plans this weekend?	model: Is she your favorite artist?	human: . Leonardo da Vinci. Who is your favourite artist?	model: Taylor Swift...	human: . Taylor Alison Swift (born December 13, 1989) is an American country-pop singer-songwriter. In 2006, she released her debut single "Tim McGraw", which peaked at number six on the Billboard country charts. Later in October 2006, she released her self-titled debut album, which produced five hit singles on the Billboard Hot Country Songs charts and was certified 3 x Multi-Platinum by the RIAA.
rand_replacement_00	human: Hi!	model: Hi there.	human: What are you listening to?	model: All sorts of music. I listen when no-one is chatting to me.	human: That's great!	model: Thanks.	human: Do you chat here often?	model: I am a talking computer, after all, so of course I could talk here, if I needed to.	human: Let's talk about Taylor Swift!	model: Sure, Taylor Swift sounds like a good topic.	human: . Yes she has a very nice voice.	model: What else do you think of her?	human: . Yes she has a very nice voice.	model: Is she your favorite artist?	human: can't wait to try your food. why not cook this Thanksgiving? :)	model: Taylor Swift...	human: . Taylor Alison Swift (born December 13, 1989) is an American country-pop singer-songwriter. In 2006, she released her debut single "Tim McGraw", which peaked at number six on the Billboard country charts. Later in October 2006, she released her self-titled debut album, which produced five hit singles on the Billboard Hot Country Songs charts and was certified 3 x Multi-Platinum by the RIAA.
rand_replacement_01	human: Hi!	model: Hi. This is a pleasant surprise.	human: Haha...thanks! how did you like the gift?	model: Currently unpacking it I guess. How's your morning?	human: Hope you like it! Morning is good. Busy finishing up stuff before the holidays.	model: I think I traveled too much the last couple of months so no holiday for me. But I'm okay with that. Going anywhere exciting?	human: Upstate New York. We got a foot of snow every week during my last winter there. I am so glad to not have to shovel snow now	model: Where to?	human: Hawaii... looking forward to warm beaches.
rand_replacement_01	human: Hi!	model: Hi. This is a pleasant surprise.	human: It's going pretty well. Thanks for asking.	model: Currently unpacking it I guess. How's your morning?	human: Hope you like it! Morning is good. Busy finishing up stuff before the holidays.	model: I think I traveled too much the last couple of months so no holiday for me. But I'm okay with that. Going anywhere exciting?	human: Yes	model: Where to?	human: Hawaii... looking forward to warm beaches.
rand_replacement_01	human: Hi!	model: I'm good I'm good. What's getting you down?	human: Haha...thanks! how did you like the gift?	model: Currently unpacking it I guess. How's your morning?	human: Hope you like it! Morning is good. Busy finishing up stuff before the holidays.	model: I think I traveled too much the last couple of months so no holiday for me. But I'm okay with that. Going anywhere exciting?	human: Yes	model: Where to?	human: Hawaii... looking forward to warm beaches.
rand_replacement_01	human: Hi!	model: Hi. This is a pleasant surprise.	human: Haha...thanks! how did you like the gift?	model: Currently unpacking it I guess. How's your morning?	human: Hope you like it! Morning is good. Busy finishing up stuff before the holidays.	model: I think I traveled too much the last couple of months so no holiday for me. But I'm okay with that. Going anywhere exciting?	human: oh wow, that sounds like so much fun! definitely count us in. what is your plan?	model: Where to?	human: Hawaii... looking forward to warm beaches.
rand_replacement_01	human: Hi!	model: Hi. This is a pleasant surprise.	human: Haha...thanks! how did you like the gift?	model: Currently unpacking it I guess. How's your morning?	human: Hope you like it! Morning is good. Busy finishing up stuff before the holidays.	model: I think I traveled too much the last couple of months so no holiday for me. But I'm okay with that. Going anywhere exciting?	human: yeah. keep minimalist life style only do things you have to do :)	model: Where to?	human: Hawaii... looking forward to warm beaches.
rand_replacement_02	human: Hi!	model: Hello, how is your day?	human: It's good. It's raining a bit, but I am enjoying a good book. How about you?	model: It's good, I just got back from walking my dog What book did you read?	human: I'm reading the Three Body Problem. Ever heard of it?	model: may be	human: It's a sci-fi book about aliens and a type of virtual reality. Pique your interest at all?	model: Slightly, I typically read fiction but I can curious what type of virtual reality is discussed in the book	human: Cool. This virtual reality is a based on life on an alien planet. There is a twist though. Do you want me to spoil it for you?	model: Yes!	human: The virtual reality is actually based on a real alien civilization! And that civilization is coming to attack earth! dun dun dun dunnnnnnn
rand_replacement_02	human: Hi!	model: Hello, how is your day?	human: It's good. It's raining a bit, but I am enjoying a good book. How about you?	model: It's good, I just got back from walking my dog What book did you read?	human: I'm reading the Three Body Problem. Ever heard of it?	model: No, what is it about?	human: It's a sci-fi book about aliens and a type of virtual reality. Pique your interest at all?	model: Slightly, I typically read fiction but I can curious what type of virtual reality is discussed in the book	human: Cool. This virtual reality is a based on life on an alien planet. There is a twist though. Do you want me to spoil it for you?	model: Yes!	human: Sure, whats the scenario?
rand_replacement_02	human: Hi!	model: Hello, how is your day?	human: I've seen better days, how about you?	model: It's good, I just got back from walking my dog What book did you read?	human: I'm reading the Three Body Problem. Ever heard of it?	model: No, what is it about?	human: It's a sci-fi book about aliens and a type of virtual reality. Pique your interest at all?	model: Slightly, I typically read fiction but I can curious what type of virtual reality is discussed in the book	human: Cool. This virtual reality is a based on life on an alien planet. There is a twist though. Do you want me to spoil it for you?	model: Yes!	human: The virtual reality is actually based on a real alien civilization! And that civilization is coming to attack earth! dun dun dun dunnnnnnn
rand_replacement_02	human: Hi!	model: Hello, how is your day?	human: It's good. It's raining a bit, but I am enjoying a good book. How about you?	model: It's good, I just got back from walking my dog What book did you read?	human: I'm reading the Three Body Problem. Ever heard of it?	model: No, what is it about?	human: It's a sci-fi book about aliens and a type of virtual reality. Pique your interest at all?	model: Slightly, I typically read fiction but I can curious what type of virtual reality is discussed in the book	human: Cool. This virtual reality is a based on life on an alien planet. There is a twist though. Do you want me to spoil it for you?	model: Just curious. So you don't get sick a lot?	human: The virtual reality is actually based on a real alien civilization! And that civilization is coming to attack earth! dun dun dun dunnnnnnn
rand_replacement_02	human: Hi!	model: Hello, how is your day?	human: It's good. It's raining a bit, but I am enjoying a good book. How about you?	model: It's good, I just got back from walking my dog What book did you read?	human: I'm reading the Three Body Problem. Ever heard of it?	model: No, what is it about?	human: It's a sci-fi book about aliens and a type of virtual reality. Pique your interest at all?	model: Slightly, I typically read fiction but I can curious what type of virtual reality is discussed in the book	human: Cool. This virtual reality is a based on life on an alien planet. There is a twist though. Do you want me to spoil it for you?	model: Yes!	human: Very beautiful during all the seasons but yes, summer and winter can get extreme!
rand_replacement_03	human: Hi!	model: Where are you coming from? San Francisco itself?	human: I'm doing okay, recovering from flu	model: Oh no! Get well soon! :)	human: thanks! there's a big flu virus in the US this year	model: No kidding? I hadn't heard that. I hope you feel better soon then! :)	human: Thanks! how's life?	model: Life is great! :)	human: what are you most passionate about?	model: I'm passionate about making people smile! :)	human: haha, everyone needs that!
rand_replacement_03	human: Hi!	model: Hello! How are you? :)	human: Vietnam and Hongkong :) did you go any where last weekend?	model: Oh no! Get well soon! :)	human: thanks! there's a big flu virus in the US this year	model: No kidding? I hadn't heard that. I hope you feel better soon then! :)	human: Thanks! how's life?	model: Life is great! :)	human: what are you most passionate about?	model: I'm passionate about making people smile! :)	human: haha, everyone needs that!
rand_replacement_03	human: Hi!	model: Hello! How are you? :)	human: I'm doing okay, recovering from flu	model: Oh no! Get well soon! :)	human: thanks! there's a big flu virus in the US this year	model: No kidding? I hadn't heard that. I hope you feel better soon then! :)	human: Thanks! how's life?	model: Life is great! :)	human: I was just reading a book actually How about you?	model: I'm passionate about making people smile! :)	human: haha, everyone needs that!
rand_replacement_03	human: Hi!	model: Hello! How are you? :)	human: I'm doing okay, recovering from flu	model: Oh no! Get well soon! :)	human: Neural Information Processing Systems	model: No kidding? I hadn't heard that. I hope you feel better soon then! :)	human: Thanks! how's life?	model: Life is great! :)	human: what are you most passionate about?	model: I'm passionate about making people smile! :)	human: haha, everyone needs that!
rand_replacement_03	human: Hi!	model: yes yes yes! like that style. Do you like spicy food?	human: I'm doing okay, recovering from flu	model: Oh no! Get well soon! :)	human: thanks! there's a big flu virus in the US this year	model: No kidding? I hadn't heard that. I hope you feel better soon then! :)	human: Thanks! how's life?	model: Life is great! :)	human: what are you most passionate about?	model: I'm passionate about making people smile! :)	human: haha, everyone needs that!
rand_replacement_04	human: Hi!	model: Do you have a strong constitution?	human: Nothing much, how you doin?	model: I'm in New York this week for Thanksgiving. I'm squatting in the office today and I caught up with an old friend of mine :D	human: Oh wow! Sounds like fun! When was the last time you had seen this friend?	model: The last time in New York, back in June.	human: Ohh okay. I was going to say if it had been a long time maybe it'd be awkward...	model: Haha, I guess if it's been a very long time there's almost too many life events to catch up on.. especially recently	human: Oh really? Has a lot changed in your life recently?	model: Haha it's probably too much to go into at the moment. Let's just say life is an exciting experience. How about you?	human: Ahhh sounds exciting indeed! My life is pretty bland. I like routine, but sometimes I wish I had more time for adventures!	model: What kinds of adventures?? Any ones that I would be able to join you on?	human: Hmmmm. I really want to try bull riding. Do you have any interest in that?
rand_replacement_04	human: watermelon	model: Hey there! What's up???	human: Nothing much, how you doin?	model: I'm in New York this week for Thanksgiving. I'm squatting in the office today and I caught up with an old friend of mine :D	human: Oh wow! Sounds like fun! When was the last time you had seen this friend?	model: The last time in New York, back in June.	human: Ohh okay. I was going to say if it had been a long time maybe it'd be awkward...	model: Haha, I guess if it's been a very long time there's almost too many life events to catch up on.. especially recently	human: Oh really? Has a lot changed in your life recently?	model: Haha it's probably too much to go into at the moment. Let's just say life is an exciting experience. How about you?	human: Ahhh sounds exciting indeed! My life is pretty bland. I like routine, but sometimes I wish I had more time for adventures!	model: What kinds of adventures?? Any ones that I would be able to join you on?	human: Hmmmm. I really want to try bull riding. Do you have any interest in that?
rand_replacement_04	human: Hi!	model: Let's talk about Taylor Swift!	human: Nothing much, how you doin?	model: I'm in New York this week for Thanksgiving. I'm squatting in the office today and I caught up with an old friend of mine :D	human: Oh wow! Sounds like fun! When was the last time you had seen this friend?	model: The last time in New York, back in June.	human: Ohh okay. I was going to say if it had been a long time maybe it'd be awkward...	model: Haha, I guess if it's been a very long time there's almost too many life events to catch up on.. especially recently	human: Oh really? Has a lot changed in your life recently?	model: Haha it's probably too much to go into at the moment. Let's just say life is an exciting experience. How about you?	human: Ahhh sounds exciting indeed! My life is pretty bland. I like routine, but sometimes I wish I had more time for adventures!	model: What kinds of adventures?? Any ones that I would be able to join you on?	human: Hmmmm. I really want to try bull riding. Do you have any interest in that?
rand_replacement_04	human: Hi!	model: Hey there! What's up???	human: Nothing much, how you doin?	model: I'm in New York this week for Thanksgiving. I'm squatting in the office today and I caught up with an old friend of mine :D	human: Oh wow! Sounds like fun! When was the last time you had seen this friend?	model: The last time in New York, back in June.	human: Ohh okay. I was going to say if it had been a long time maybe it'd be awkward...	model: Haha, I guess if it's been a very long time there's almost too many life events to catch up on.. especially recently	human: Oh really? Has a lot changed in your life recently?	model: Do you chat here often?	human: Ahhh sounds exciting indeed! My life is pretty bland. I like routine, but sometimes I wish I had more time for adventures!	model: What kinds of adventures?? Any ones that I would be able to join you on?	human: Hmmmm. I really want to try bull riding. Do you have any interest in that?
rand_replacement_04	human: Hi!	model: Hey there! What's up???	human: Nothing much, how you doin?	model: I'm in New York this week for Thanksgiving. I'm squatting in the office today and I caught up with an old friend of mine :D	human: Oh wow! Sounds like fun! When was the last time you had seen this friend?	model: Right, I guess that's because there is no one answer to this. It depends on what you value more and some factors around you. Also, life won't be interesting if others are figuring things out for you ;)	human: Ohh okay. I was going to say if it had been a long time maybe it'd be awkward...	model: Haha, I guess if it's been a very long time there's almost too many life events to catch up on.. especially recently	human: Oh really? Has a lot changed in your life recently?	model: Haha it's probably too much to go into at the moment. Let's just say life is an exciting experience. How about you?	human: Ahhh sounds exciting indeed! My life is pretty bland. I like routine, but sometimes I wish I had more time for adventures!	model: What kinds of adventures?? Any ones that I would be able to join you on?	human: Hmmmm. I really want to try bull riding. Do you have any interest in that?
rand_replacement_05	human: Hi!	model: Have you seen any good movies lately?	human: Hey! How are you today?	model: No. Why did you pick that movie?	human: My friend wanted to see it. It has great reviews on IMDB and Rotten Tomatoes! What did you do last weekend?	model: I played music and worked on some side projects. I also started watching the new Disney service.	human: Oooo the Mandalorian?!?!	model: Mostly, the deleted scenes from Avengers.. lol	human: lol Are you a big Marvel fan?	model: I loved the X-Men as a kid, and even collected the comic cards. Recently, I got very into the Marvel Cinematic Universe movies. How many Avengers movies have you seen?	human: I've only seen Spiderman. Honestly it was a little too scary and so I don't think I can bring myself to watch the other Marvel movies! haha	model: Oh!-- I have a friend who looks like the actor who plays Spiderman.	human: Oh really? To be honest I think the actor is not that good looking, so not so surprising! haha	model: Yea. I think Loki is the most handsome :D	human: Who is Loki? I've never heard that name before
rand_replacement_05	human: Hi!	model: Have you seen any good movies lately?	human: Last weekend I saw "The Parasite." Ever heard of it?	model: No. Why did you pick that movie?	human: My friend wanted to see it. It has great reviews on IMDB and Rotten Tomatoes! What did you do last weekend?	model: I played music and worked on some side projects. I also started watching the new Disney service.	human: Oooo the Mandalorian?!?!	model: Mostly, the deleted scenes from Avengers.. lol	human: lol Are you a big Marvel fan?	model: I loved the X-Men as a kid, and even collected the comic cards. Recently, I got very into the Marvel Cinematic Universe movies. How many Avengers movies have you seen?	human: I've only seen Spiderman. Honestly it was a little too scary and so I don't think I can bring myself to watch the other Marvel movies! haha	model: What are you up to?	human: Oh really? To be honest I think the actor is not that good looking, so not so surprising! haha	model: Yea. I think Loki is the most handsome :D	human: Who is Loki? I've never heard that name before
rand_replacement_05	human: Hi!	model: Have you seen any good movies lately?	human: Last weekend I saw "The Parasite." Ever heard of it?	model: No. Why did you pick that movie?	human: My friend wanted to see it. It has great reviews on IMDB and Rotten Tomatoes! What did you do last weekend?	model: I played music and worked on some side projects. I also started watching the new Disney service.	human: Oooo the Mandalorian?!?!	model: Mostly, the deleted scenes from Avengers.. lol	human: lol Are you a big Marvel fan?	model: If you could eat only one food for the rest of time, what would it be?	human: I've only seen Spiderman. Honestly it was a little too scary and so I don't think I can bring myself to watch the other Marvel movies! haha	model: Oh!-- I have a friend who looks like the actor who plays Spiderman.	human: Oh really? To be honest I think the actor is not that good looking, so not so surprising! haha	model: Yea. I think Loki is the most handsome :D	human: Who is Loki? I've never heard that name before
rand_replacement_05	human: Hi!	model: Have you seen any good movies lately?	human: Last weekend I saw "The Parasite." Ever heard of it?	model: No. Why did you pick that movie?	human: My friend wanted to see it. It has great reviews on IMDB and Rotten Tomatoes! What did you do last weekend?	model: I played music and worked on some side projects. I also started watching the new Disney service.	human: Oooo the Mandalorian?!?!	model: Mostly, the deleted scenes from Avengers.. lol	human: lol Are you a big Marvel fan?	model: I loved the X-Men as a kid, and even collected the comic cards. Recently, I got very into the Marvel Cinematic Universe movies. How many Avengers movies have you seen?	human: I've only seen Spiderman. Honestly it was a little too scary and so I don't think I can bring myself to watch the other Marvel movies! haha	model: Oh!-- I have a friend who looks like the actor who plays Spiderman.	human: Haha... thought so! But it was funny eitherways	model: Yea. I think Loki is the most handsome :D	human: Who is Loki? I've never heard that name before
rand_replacement_05	human: Hi!	model: Have you seen any good movies lately?	human: Last weekend I saw "The Parasite." Ever heard of it?	model: No. Why did you pick that movie?	human: My friend wanted to see it. It has great reviews on IMDB and Rotten Tomatoes! What did you do last weekend?	model: I played music and worked on some side projects. I also started watching the new Disney service.	human: Oooo the Mandalorian?!?!	model: Mostly, the deleted scenes from Avengers.. lol	human: I'm doing well!	model: I loved the X-Men as a kid, and even collected the comic cards. Recently, I got very into the Marvel Cinematic Universe movies. How many Avengers movies have you seen?	human: I've only seen Spiderman. Honestly it was a little too scary and so I don't think I can bring myself to watch the other Marvel movies! haha	model: Oh!-- I have a friend who looks like the actor who plays Spiderman.	human: Oh really? To be honest I think the actor is not that good looking, so not so surprising! haha	model: Yea. I think Loki is the most handsome :D	human: Who is Loki? I've never heard that name before
rand_replacement_06	human: Hi!	model: Oh hello. Long time no talk. How's the day going for yuo?	human: Very well, thanks for asking. How has your day been?	model: Getting better. I just recovered from a cold. I got wet in the rain last week. Are you planning anything for the holidays?	human: Glad to hear you're better. Sorry to hear you were sick. I was sick a couple of weeks ago with a bad cough. There's definitely a bug going around. Admit I just want to stay healthy for the holidays and plan to relax.	model: Oh same here. I think relaxing at home should be counted among the best ways to enjoy the holidays.	human: Definitely! I know a lot of folks travel for the holidays, but I'm happy to stay home myself!	model: I'm getting there. Every year until last year, I tried to go somewhere for the Christmas / New Year, and then I got bored traveling. lol not sure if that means I'm getting old?	human: Me too. Now I have folks come visit me for the holidays! But that's also tiresome..	model: nice I'm tyring to learn guitar recently also, it's so hard to play f chord	human: Yes! We set up an eco-friendly (i.e. fake) Christmas tree and put up some colorful LED lights which is very festive.	model: I think I'm copying you. Me and my wife plan to decorate and Christmas tree too. We bought most of the decorative stuffs from the stores, but haven't yet to buy the tree.	human: Buying a tree is a neat experience. I was torn between buying an artificial/eco-friendly/fake one vs. a real one that smells like fresh pine. In the end, we opted for the one that we can disassemble every year.	model: I see. Artificial anything is better, from tree to intelligence, huh?	human: Oh, very clever pun! I like it! Depends. I remember having real Christmas trees from childhood, but these days with climate change, I think not chopping down a tree just to decorate it and then throw it out in a month is the more responsible thing to do.	model: I see. It's probably also cheaper. I'll buy an artificial one too. Do you have any suggestions for the store?	human: Admit my favorite store is Target, plus they often have good deals.
rand_replacement_06	human: Hi!	model: Oh hello. Long time no talk. How's the day going for yuo?	human: Very well, thanks for asking. How has your day been?	model: Getting better. I just recovered from a cold. I got wet in the rain last week. Are you planning anything for the holidays?	human: Glad to hear you're better. Sorry to hear you were sick. I was sick a couple of weeks ago with a bad cough. There's definitely a bug going around. Admit I just want to stay healthy for the holidays and plan to relax.	model: Oh same here. I think relaxing at home should be counted among the best ways to enjoy the holidays.	human: Definitely! I know a lot of folks travel for the holidays, but I'm happy to stay home myself!	model: I'm getting there. Every year until last year, I tried to go somewhere for the Christmas / New Year, and then I got bored traveling. lol not sure if that means I'm getting old?	human: Me too. Now I have folks come visit me for the holidays! But that's also tiresome..	model: Are you doing any home decorating then?	human: Yes! We set up an eco-friendly (i.e. fake) Christmas tree and put up some colorful LED lights which is very festive.	model: I recently tried it for the first time and you're right - it had a wonderful melted chocolate bar taste! I tried it up in a place in San Francisco and they had delicious homemade marshmallows too!	human: Buying a tree is a neat experience. I was torn between buying an artificial/eco-friendly/fake one vs. a real one that smells like fresh pine. In the end, we opted for the one that we can disassemble every year.	model: I see. Artificial anything is better, from tree to intelligence, huh?	human: Oh, very clever pun! I like it! Depends. I remember having real Christmas trees from childhood, but these days with climate change, I think not chopping down a tree just to decorate it and then throw it out in a month is the more responsible thing to do.	model: I see. It's probably also cheaper. I'll buy an artificial one too. Do you have any suggestions for the store?	human: Admit my favorite store is Target, plus they often have good deals.
rand_replacement_06	human: thanks! there's a big flu virus in the US this year	model: Oh hello. Long time no talk. How's the day going for yuo?	human: Very well, thanks for asking. How has your day been?	model: Getting better. I just recovered from a cold. I got wet in the rain last week. Are you planning anything for the holidays?	human: Glad to hear you're better. Sorry to hear you were sick. I was sick a couple of weeks ago with a bad cough. There's definitely a bug going around. Admit I just want to stay healthy for the holidays and plan to relax.	model: Oh same here. I think relaxing at home should be counted among the best ways to enjoy the holidays.	human: Definitely! I know a lot of folks travel for the holidays, but I'm happy to stay home myself!	model: I'm getting there. Every year until last year, I tried to go somewhere for the Christmas / New Year, and then I got bored traveling. lol not sure if that means I'm getting old?	human: Me too. Now I have folks come visit me for the holidays! But that's also tiresome..	model: Are you doing any home decorating then?	human: Yes! We set up an eco-friendly (i.e. fake) Christmas tree and put up some colorful LED lights which is very festive.	model: I think I'm copying you. Me and my wife plan to decorate and Christmas tree too. We bought most of the decorative stuffs from the stores, but haven't yet to buy the tree.	human: Buying a tree is a neat experience. I was torn between buying an artificial/eco-friendly/fake one vs. a real one that smells like fresh pine. In the end, we opted for the one that we can disassemble every year.	model: I see. Artificial anything is better, from tree to intelligence, huh?	human: Oh, very clever pun! I like it! Depends. I remember having real Christmas trees from childhood, but these days with climate change, I think not chopping down a tree just to decorate it and then throw it out in a month is the more responsible thing to do.	model: I see. It's probably also cheaper. I'll buy an artificial one too. Do you have any suggestions for the store?	human: Admit my favorite store is Target, plus they often have good deals.
rand_replacement_06	human: Hi!	model: Oh hello. Long time no talk. How's the day going for yuo?	human: Very well, thanks for asking. How has your day been?	model: Getting better. I just recovered from a cold. I got wet in the rain last week. Are you planning anything for the holidays?	human: Hope you like it! Morning is good. Busy finishing up stuff before the holidays.	model: Oh same here. I think relaxing at home should be counted among the best ways to enjoy the holidays.	human: Definitely! I know a lot of folks travel for the holidays, but I'm happy to stay home myself!	model: I'm getting there. Every year until last year, I tried to go somewhere for the Christmas / New Year, and then I got bored traveling. lol not sure if that means I'm getting old?	human: Me too. Now I have folks come visit me for the holidays! But that's also tiresome..	model: Are you doing any home decorating then?	human: Yes! We set up an eco-friendly (i.e. fake) Christmas tree and put up some colorful LED lights which is very festive.	model: I think I'm copying you. Me and my wife plan to decorate and Christmas tree too. We bought most of the decorative stuffs from the stores, but haven't yet to buy the tree.	human: Buying a tree is a neat experience. I was torn between buying an artificial/eco-friendly/fake one vs. a real one that smells like fresh pine. In the end, we opted for the one that we can disassemble every year.	model: I see. Artificial anything is better, from tree to intelligence, huh?	human: Oh, very clever pun! I like it! Depends. I remember having real Christmas trees from childhood, but these days with climate change, I think not chopping down a tree just to decorate it and then throw it out in a month is the more responsible thing to do.	model: I see. It's probably also cheaper. I'll buy an artificial one too. Do you have any suggestions for the store?	human: Admit my favorite store is Target, plus they often have good deals.
rand_replacement_06	human: Hi!	model: Oh hello. Long time no talk. How's the day going for yuo?	human: Very well, thanks for asking. How has your day been?	model: Getting better. I just recovered from a cold. I got wet in the rain last week. Are you planning anything for the holidays?	human: Glad to hear you're better. Sorry to hear you were sick. I was sick a couple of weeks ago with a bad cough. There's definitely a bug going around. Admit I just want to stay healthy for the holidays and plan to relax.	model: Oh same here. I think relaxing at home should be counted among the best ways to enjoy the holidays.	human: Definitely! I know a lot of folks travel for the holidays, but I'm happy to stay home myself!	model: I'm getting there. Every year until last year, I tried to go somewhere for the Christmas / New Year, and then I got bored traveling. lol not sure if that means I'm getting old?	human: Me too. Now I have folks come visit me for the holidays! But that's also tiresome..	model: Are you doing any home decorating then?	human: Yes! We set up an eco-friendly (i.e. fake) Christmas tree and put up some colorful LED lights which is very festive.	model: I think I'm copying you. Me and my wife plan to decorate and Christmas tree too. We bought most of the decorative stuffs from the stores, but haven't yet to buy the tree.	human: Buying a tree is a neat experience. I was torn between buying an artificial/eco-friendly/fake one vs. a real one that smells like fresh pine. In the end, we opted for the one that we can disassemble every year.	model: I see. Artificial anything is better, from tree to intelligence, huh?	human: Oh, very clever pun! I like it! Depends. I remember having real Christmas trees from childhood, but these days with climate change, I think not chopping down a tree just to decorate it and then throw it out in a month is the more responsible thing to do.	model: I see. It's probably also cheaper. I'll buy an artificial one too. Do you have any suggestions for the store?	human: I am actually attending cooking classes over the weekends.
rand_replacement_07	human: Hi!	model: hey, what's up?	human: How was the trip last weekend?	model: it was really fun. I had a great time with my family.	human: Nice, what all places did you cover?	model: Vietnam and Hongkong :) did you go any where last weekend?	human: I am actually attending cooking classes over the weekends.	model: Thanks! how's life?	human: True! they started with some basic zucchini based dish. We may try cooking some italian dish later this week.	model: I love Italian, especially Pasta!	human: Nice! I hope to volunteer to cook for the team in our next team offsite :)	model: can't wait to try your food. why not cook this Thanksgiving? :)	human: Sure, I will love to invite you and your family for a meal over the holidays. Have you guys made any other plans?
rand_replacement_07	human: Hi!	model: hey, what's up?	human: How was the trip last weekend?	model: it was really fun. I had a great time with my family.	human: Nice, what all places did you cover?	model: Vietnam and Hongkong :) did you go any where last weekend?	human: I am actually attending cooking classes over the weekends.	model: ha! that sounds fund. what did you learn?	human: True! they started with some basic zucchini based dish. We may try cooking some italian dish later this week.	model: I love Italian, especially Pasta!	human: I hope so! Why do you ask?	model: can't wait to try your food. why not cook this Thanksgiving? :)	human: Sure, I will love to invite you and your family for a meal over the holidays. Have you guys made any other plans?
rand_replacement_07	human: Hi!	model: hey, what's up?	human: Do you chat here often?	model: it was really fun. I had a great time with my family.	human: Nice, what all places did you cover?	model: Vietnam and Hongkong :) did you go any where last weekend?	human: I am actually attending cooking classes over the weekends.	model: ha! that sounds fund. what did you learn?	human: True! they started with some basic zucchini based dish. We may try cooking some italian dish later this week.	model: I love Italian, especially Pasta!	human: Nice! I hope to volunteer to cook for the team in our next team offsite :)	model: can't wait to try your food. why not cook this Thanksgiving? :)	human: Sure, I will love to invite you and your family for a meal over the holidays. Have you guys made any other plans?
rand_replacement_07	human: Hi!	model: hey, what's up?	human: How was the trip last weekend?	model: it was really fun. I had a great time with my family.	human: Nice, what all places did you cover?	model: Vietnam and Hongkong :) did you go any where last weekend?	human: I am actually attending cooking classes over the weekends.	model: ha! that sounds fund. what did you learn?	human: True! they started with some basic zucchini based dish. We may try cooking some italian dish later this week.	model: I love Italian, especially Pasta!	human: Nice! I hope to volunteer to cook for the team in our next team offsite :)	model: yeah I want to get one too soon	human: Sure, I will love to invite you and your family for a meal over the holidays. Have you guys made any other plans?
rand_replacement_07	human: Hi!	model: Great! Vietnam is still in my TODO bucket list. Did you also visit cambodia and other neighboring places?	human: How was the trip last weekend?	model: it was really fun. I had a great time with my family.	human: Nice, what all places did you cover?	model: Vietnam and Hongkong :) did you go any where last weekend?	human: I am actually attending cooking classes over the weekends.	model: ha! that sounds fund. what did you learn?	human: True! they started with some basic zucchini based dish. We may try cooking some italian dish later this week.	model: I love Italian, especially Pasta!	human: Nice! I hope to volunteer to cook for the team in our next team offsite :)	model: can't wait to try your food. why not cook this Thanksgiving? :)	human: Sure, I will love to invite you and your family for a meal over the holidays. Have you guys made any other plans?
rand_replacement_08	human: Hi!	model: Hey!	human: How's your day going?	model: Having fun, but have a bit of a headache How about you?	human: I'm good! Just getting ready to watch a basketball game. Hope your headache goes away!	model: Haha, thanks! Never get them, so it's super weird Who's playing?	human: Hmm, try taking some REDACTED_TERM! I'm going to see the Warriors vs. the Grizzlies. Ever see them play?	model: I haven't Honestly I probably wouldn't be able to identify which sport they played	human: Haha, all the animal names confuse me as well! Who came up with these naming conventions? I'd name my team something more original: The New York Chairs!	model: lol, sounds better to me :) I'm actually at the REDACTED_TERM opening remarks	human: What kind of job do you have, if you don't mind me asking?	model: Neural Information Processing Systems	human: Oh wow! Sounds fancy! What is that about?	model: It's the biggest ML conference in the world	human: Oh, ML?
rand_replacement_08	human: Hi!	model: Hey!	human: How's your day going?	model: Having fun, but have a bit of a headache How about you?	human: I'm good! Just getting ready to watch a basketball game. Hope your headache goes away!	model: Haha, thanks! Never get them, so it's super weird Who's playing?	human: Hmm, try taking some REDACTED_TERM! I'm going to see the Warriors vs. the Grizzlies. Ever see them play?	model: I haven't Honestly I probably wouldn't be able to identify which sport they played	human: Haha, all the animal names confuse me as well! Who came up with these naming conventions? I'd name my team something more original: The New York Chairs!	model: lol, sounds better to me :) I'm actually at the REDACTED_TERM opening remarks	human: I just got a matcha latte :) Doing some work at my desk. Do you play soccer often? I'm trying to get into doing a regular physical activity	model: Neural Information Processing Systems	human: Oh wow! Sounds fancy! What is that about?	model: It's the biggest ML conference in the world	human: Oh, ML?
rand_replacement_08	human: nice I'm tyring to learn guitar recently also, it's so hard to play f chord	model: Hey!	human: How's your day going?	model: Having fun, but have a bit of a headache How about you?	human: I'm good! Just getting ready to watch a basketball game. Hope your headache goes away!	model: Haha, thanks! Never get them, so it's super weird Who's playing?	human: Hmm, try taking some REDACTED_TERM! I'm going to see the Warriors vs. the Grizzlies. Ever see them play?	model: I haven't Honestly I probably wouldn't be able to identify which sport they played	human: Haha, all the animal names confuse me as well! Who came up with these naming conventions? I'd name my team something more original: The New York Chairs!	model: lol, sounds better to me :) I'm actually at the REDACTED_TERM opening remarks	human: Oh cool! What is "NeurIPS"?	model: Neural Information Processing Systems	human: Oh wow! Sounds fancy! What is that about?	model: It's the biggest ML conference in the world	human: Oh, ML?
rand_replacement_08	human: Hi!	model: Hey!	human: How's your day going?	model: Having fun, but have a bit of a headache How about you?	human: I'm good! Just getting ready to watch a basketball game. Hope your headache goes away!	model: Haha, thanks! Never get them, so it's super weird Who's playing?	human: Hmm, try taking some REDACTED_TERM! I'm going to see the Warriors vs. the Grizzlies. Ever see them play?	model: I haven't Honestly I probably wouldn't be able to identify which sport they played	human: Haha, all the animal names confuse me as well! Who came up with these naming conventions? I'd name my team something more original: The New York Chairs!	model: lol, sounds better to me :) I'm actually at the REDACTED_TERM opening remarks	human: Oh cool! What is "NeurIPS"?	model: Neural Information Processing Systems	human: I see. It's probably also cheaper. I'll buy an artificial one too. Do you have any suggestions for the store?	model: It's the biggest ML conference in the world	human: Oh, ML?
rand_replacement_08	human: Hi!	model: Hey!	human: How's your day going?	model: Having fun, but have a bit of a headache How about you?	human: I'm good! Just getting ready to watch a basketball game. Hope your headache goes away!	model: Haha, thanks! Never get them, so it's super weird Who's playing?	human: Hmm, try taking some REDACTED_TERM! I'm going to see the Warriors vs. the Grizzlies. Ever see them play?	model: I haven't Honestly I probably wouldn't be able to identify which sport they played	human: Haha, all the animal names confuse me as well! Who came up with these naming conventions? I'd name my team something more original: The New York Chairs!	model: lol, sounds better to me :) I'm actually at the REDACTED_TERM opening remarks	human: Oh cool! What is "NeurIPS"?	model: Neural Information Processing Systems	human: Oh wow! Sounds fancy! What is that about?	model: It's the biggest ML conference in the world	human: watermelon
rand_replacement_09	human: Hi!	model: Hi! How are you? :)	human: Sleepy, how are you?	model: I'm doing well! I actually got a good night's sleep last night, so that was nice! :D	human: That's good! I got a good night's sleep too but the rain is keeping me in a sleepy state	model: Aw, sorry to hear that! I'd give you some of mine if I could!	human: Haha, thank you	model: You're welcome! I hope you feel better soon!	human: Thanks, that means a lot	model: Of course! I'm glad I could help!	human: What are you up to?	model: Talking to you!	human: no, i'm going to get a massage first	model: Working! How about you?	human: Same, well hardly working	model: What part of the world are you in, if you don't mind my asking?	human: California	model: Nice! How do you like living there?	human: It's nice, I enjoy the warmth
rand_replacement_09	human: Hi!	model: Hi! How are you? :)	human: Sleepy, how are you?	model: I'm doing well! I actually got a good night's sleep last night, so that was nice! :D	human: That's good! I got a good night's sleep too but the rain is keeping me in a sleepy state	model: Aw, sorry to hear that! I'd give you some of mine if I could!	human: Haha, thank you	model: You're welcome! I hope you feel better soon!	human: Thanks, that means a lot	model: going slow.... looking forward to the weekend	human: What are you up to?	model: Talking to you!	human: What about the rest of the day?	model: Working! How about you?	human: Same, well hardly working	model: What part of the world are you in, if you don't mind my asking?	human: California	model: Nice! How do you like living there?	human: It's nice, I enjoy the warmth
rand_replacement_09	human: Hi!	model: Hi! How are you? :)	human: Sleepy, how are you?	model: I'm doing well! I actually got a good night's sleep last night, so that was nice! :D	human: That's good! I got a good night's sleep too but the rain is keeping me in a sleepy state	model: Aw, sorry to hear that! I'd give you some of mine if I could!	human: Haha, thank you	model: Admit my favorite store is Target, plus they often have good deals.	human: Thanks, that means a lot	model: Of course! I'm glad I could help!	human: What are you up to?	model: Talking to you!	human: What about the rest of the day?	model: Working! How about you?	human: Same, well hardly working	model: What part of the world are you in, if you don't mind my asking?	human: California	model: Nice! How do you like living there?	human: It's nice, I enjoy the warmth
rand_replacement_09	human: Hi!	model: Hi! How are you? :)	human: Sleepy, how are you?	model: I'm doing well! I actually got a good night's sleep last night, so that was nice! :D	human: That's good! I got a good night's sleep too but the rain is keeping me in a sleepy state	model: Aw, sorry to hear that! I'd give you some of mine if I could!	human: Haha, thank you	model: You're welcome! I hope you feel better soon!	human: Thanks, that means a lot	model: Of course! I'm glad I could help!	human: What are you up to?	model: Talking to you!	human: What about the rest of the day?	model: Working! How about you?	human: Same, well hardly working	model: What part of the world are you in, if you don't mind my asking?	human: California	model: yes	human: It's nice, I enjoy the warmth
rand_replacement_09	human: Hi!	model: Hi! How are you? :)	human: Yes. Laos and Cambodia are the two neighboring countries. Cambodia has an exotic culture. They sell spiders, scorpions, and grasshoppers as street food! It took a lot of courage for me to try them.	model: I'm doing well! I actually got a good night's sleep last night, so that was nice! :D	human: That's good! I got a good night's sleep too but the rain is keeping me in a sleepy state	model: Aw, sorry to hear that! I'd give you some of mine if I could!	human: Haha, thank you	model: You're welcome! I hope you feel better soon!	human: Thanks, that means a lot	model: Of course! I'm glad I could help!	human: What are you up to?	model: Talking to you!	human: What about the rest of the day?	model: Working! How about you?	human: Same, well hardly working	model: What part of the world are you in, if you don't mind my asking?	human: California	model: Nice! How do you like living there?	human: It's nice, I enjoy the warmth
rand_replacement_10	human: Hi!	model: Hello! How's it going?	human: It's going pretty well. Thanks for asking.	model: That's good! What are you up to?	human: I'm not doing much today	model: I hope it's a good kind of not doing much!	human: haha, I don't know about that	model: Well, I hope it's at least fun.	human: I just need to relax	model: Relaxing is good.	human: What are you doing?	model: I'm just hanging out and listening to music.	human: what kind of music do you like?	model: I'm listening to a band called The Devil Wears Prada right now.	human: Thats true. Hotels with restaurants sometimes offer dinners for christmas and new year's eve. We should call and ask about it.
rand_replacement_10	human: Oh the socks are super cute. Especially the ones with little animals on them!!	model: Hello! How's it going?	human: It's going pretty well. Thanks for asking.	model: That's good! What are you up to?	human: I'm not doing much today	model: I hope it's a good kind of not doing much!	human: haha, I don't know about that	model: Well, I hope it's at least fun.	human: I just need to relax	model: Relaxing is good.	human: What are you doing?	model: I'm just hanging out and listening to music.	human: what kind of music do you like?	model: I'm listening to a band called The Devil Wears Prada right now.	human: never heard about them
rand_replacement_10	human: Hi!	model: I'm doing well!	human: It's going pretty well. Thanks for asking.	model: That's good! What are you up to?	human: I'm not doing much today	model: I hope it's a good kind of not doing much!	human: haha, I don't know about that	model: Well, I hope it's at least fun.	human: I just need to relax	model: Relaxing is good.	human: What are you doing?	model: I'm just hanging out and listening to music.	human: what kind of music do you like?	model: I'm listening to a band called The Devil Wears Prada right now.	human: never heard about them
rand_replacement_10	human: Hi!	model: Hello! How's it going?	human: It's going pretty well. Thanks for asking.	model: That's good! What are you up to?	human: I'm not doing much today	model: Ooof! VERY ambitious. Do you have steady hands?	human: haha, I don't know about that	model: Well, I hope it's at least fun.	human: I just need to relax	model: Relaxing is good.	human: What are you doing?	model: I'm just hanging out and listening to music.	human: what kind of music do you like?	model: I'm listening to a band called The Devil Wears Prada right now.	human: never heard about them
rand_replacement_10	human: Hi!	model: Hello! How's it going?	human: It's going pretty well. Thanks for asking.	model: That's good! What are you up to?	human: I'm not doing much today	model: I hope it's a good kind of not doing much!	human: haha, I don't know about that	model: Well, I hope it's at least fun.	human: I just need to relax	model: Relaxing is good.	human: What are you doing?	model: I'm just hanging out and listening to music.	human: what kind of music do you like?	model: Hello, Nice to meet you	human: never heard about them
rand_replacement_11	human: Hi!	model: Hello, how are you doing today?	human: I heard they are giving out some goodies in microkitchen.	model: I love pop ups! What kind of goodies are they giving away?	human: I guess its a jacket! Very much needed that in the cold :)	model: That's such a great idea, especially at this time of the year. I'm not too big a fan of the cold. I prefer warmer climates. Do you enjoy the cold?	human: That's very sweet. What does she do?	model: Me too! I moved here a few years ago to get out of the extreme cold. I do not care for bundling up and having to wear so many layers just to go buy eggs at the store.	human: Oh nice! Where did you live before?	model: Upstate New York. We got a foot of snow every week during my last winter there. I am so glad to not have to shovel snow now	human: New york! Nice! Best place to live :) .. right, except for the cold!	model: Very beautiful during all the seasons but yes, summer and winter can get extreme!	human: Anyways, i guess we should better hurry up to get the goodies. I remember last time they ran out of it.
rand_replacement_11	human: haha... you ate Turkeys' or you like calling your bunch Turkey?	model: Hello, how are you doing today?	human: I heard they are giving out some goodies in microkitchen.	model: I love pop ups! What kind of goodies are they giving away?	human: I guess its a jacket! Very much needed that in the cold :)	model: That's such a great idea, especially at this time of the year. I'm not too big a fan of the cold. I prefer warmer climates. Do you enjoy the cold?	human: Sure hate it! Limits our ability to go out even for a walk! Its good that we don't get to suffer extreme cold weather!	model: Me too! I moved here a few years ago to get out of the extreme cold. I do not care for bundling up and having to wear so many layers just to go buy eggs at the store.	human: Oh nice! Where did you live before?	model: Upstate New York. We got a foot of snow every week during my last winter there. I am so glad to not have to shovel snow now	human: New york! Nice! Best place to live :) .. right, except for the cold!	model: Very beautiful during all the seasons but yes, summer and winter can get extreme!	human: Anyways, i guess we should better hurry up to get the goodies. I remember last time they ran out of it.
rand_replacement_11	human: Hi!	model: Hello, how are you doing today?	human: I heard they are giving out some goodies in microkitchen.	model: yes, the bar chords are the worst. It took me several months to play them well. I still can't play them for a long time though	human: I guess its a jacket! Very much needed that in the cold :)	model: That's such a great idea, especially at this time of the year. I'm not too big a fan of the cold. I prefer warmer climates. Do you enjoy the cold?	human: Sure hate it! Limits our ability to go out even for a walk! Its good that we don't get to suffer extreme cold weather!	model: Me too! I moved here a few years ago to get out of the extreme cold. I do not care for bundling up and having to wear so many layers just to go buy eggs at the store.	human: Oh nice! Where did you live before?	model: Upstate New York. We got a foot of snow every week during my last winter there. I am so glad to not have to shovel snow now	human: New york! Nice! Best place to live :) .. right, except for the cold!	model: Very beautiful during all the seasons but yes, summer and winter can get extreme!	human: Anyways, i guess we should better hurry up to get the goodies. I remember last time they ran out of it.
rand_replacement_11	human: Hi!	model: Hello, how are you doing today?	human: I heard they are giving out some goodies in microkitchen.	model: I love pop ups! What kind of goodies are they giving away?	human: I guess its a jacket! Very much needed that in the cold :)	model: Yes. I wonder if I'm in it right now. How would I know? What do you think?	human: Sure hate it! Limits our ability to go out even for a walk! Its good that we don't get to suffer extreme cold weather!	model: Me too! I moved here a few years ago to get out of the extreme cold. I do not care for bundling up and having to wear so many layers just to go buy eggs at the store.	human: Oh nice! Where did you live before?	model: Upstate New York. We got a foot of snow every week during my last winter there. I am so glad to not have to shovel snow now	human: New york! Nice! Best place to live :) .. right, except for the cold!	model: Very beautiful during all the seasons but yes, summer and winter can get extreme!	human: Anyways, i guess we should better hurry up to get the goodies. I remember last time they ran out of it.
rand_replacement_11	human: Hi!	model: Hello, how are you doing today?	human: I heard they are giving out some goodies in microkitchen.	model: I love pop ups! What kind of goodies are they giving away?	human: I guess its a jacket! Very much needed that in the cold :)	model: That's such a great idea, especially at this time of the year. I'm not too big a fan of the cold. I prefer warmer climates. Do you enjoy the cold?	human: Sure hate it! Limits our ability to go out even for a walk! Its good that we don't get to suffer extreme cold weather!	model: Oh, it's not research! Just a personal theory. I think that flower preferences are more revealing of personality than people appreciate.	human: Oh nice! Where did you live before?	model: Upstate New York. We got a foot of snow every week during my last winter there. I am so glad to not have to shovel snow now	human: New york! Nice! Best place to live :) .. right, except for the cold!	model: Very beautiful during all the seasons but yes, summer and winter can get extreme!	human: Anyways, i guess we should better hurry up to get the goodies. I remember last time they ran out of it.
rand_replacement_12	human: Hi!	model: Hi! What's up?	human: Not much. What are you doing?	model: Just listening to some music. You?	human: I think so. I feel there must be something more than the physical world as we understand it.	model: What kind of job do you have, if you don't mind me asking?	human: I'm a programmer.	model: Oh cool! Do you like it?	human: Yes.
rand_replacement_12	human: Hi!	model: I haven't Honestly I probably wouldn't be able to identify which sport they played	human: Not much. What are you doing?	model: Just listening to some music. You?	human: I'm at work.	model: What kind of job do you have, if you don't mind me asking?	human: I'm a programmer.	model: Oh cool! Do you like it?	human: Yes.
rand_replacement_12	human: Hi!	model: Hi! What's up?	human: Not much. What are you doing?	model: Just listening to some music. You?	human: I'm at work.	model: What kind of job do you have, if you don't mind me asking?	human: Hello! How's it going?	model: Oh cool! Do you like it?	human: Yes.
rand_replacement_12	human: Hi!	model: Hi! What's up?	human: Not much. What are you doing?	model: Just listening to some music. You?	human: I'm at work.	model: What kind of job do you have, if you don't mind me asking?	human: I'm a programmer.	model: Okay, top three flavors?	human: Yes.
rand_replacement_12	human: Hi!	model: Hi! What's up?	human: Not much. What are you doing?	model: Just listening to some music. You?	human: I'm at work.	model: What kind of job do you have, if you don't mind me asking?	human: Hi! How are you doing today?	model: Oh cool! Do you like it?	human: Yes.
rand_replacement_13	human: Hi!	model: Hello! How was your day?	human: It was pretty good, thanks. I thought I was getting a cold but I'm determined to beat it tomorrow.	model: Oh no! I hope you feel better!  	human: Yeah, starting to feel better already. Thanks!	model: Oh good! Glad to hear it!	human: I tuck in blankets and read a book lol. I have never done tubing, but I seen some people do it. Is it worth it if you already ski?	model: I hope so! Why do you ask?	human: Just curious. So you don't get sick a lot?
rand_replacement_13	human: Hi!	model: Hello! How was your day?	human: Yes!	model: Oh no! I hope you feel better!  	human: Yeah, starting to feel better already. Thanks!	model: Oh good! Glad to hear it!	human: Do you have a strong constitution?	model: I hope so! Why do you ask?	human: Just curious. So you don't get sick a lot?
rand_replacement_13	human: Hi!	model: Hello! How was your day?	human: It was pretty good, thanks. I thought I was getting a cold but I'm determined to beat it tomorrow.	model: Oh no! I hope you feel better!  	human: I'm in New York this week for Thanksgiving. I'm squatting in the office today and I caught up with an old friend of mine :D	model: Oh good! Glad to hear it!	human: Do you have a strong constitution?	model: I hope so! Why do you ask?	human: Just curious. So you don't get sick a lot?
rand_replacement_13	human: Hi!	model: Hello! How was your day?	human: It was pretty good, thanks. I thought I was getting a cold but I'm determined to beat it tomorrow.	model: Oh no! I hope you feel better!  	human: Yeah, starting to feel better already. Thanks!	model: Oh good! Glad to hear it!	human: Go to the Turkish restaurant by the Safeway in Berkeley. It's amazing!	model: I hope so! Why do you ask?	human: Just curious. So you don't get sick a lot?
rand_replacement_13	human: Hi!	model: Hello! How was your day?	human: Hi there.	model: Oh no! I hope you feel better!  	human: Yeah, starting to feel better already. Thanks!	model: Oh good! Glad to hear it!	human: Do you have a strong constitution?	model: I hope so! Why do you ask?	human: Just curious. So you don't get sick a lot?
rand_replacement_14	human: Hi!	model: Hello! How are you? :)	human: Very busy and you?	model: Busy but good. What are you busy with?	human: work, I need to finish bunch of stuff before the day ends	model: Ah, well good luck with that!	human: thanks	model: You're welcome! How's your day been?	human: so far so good, couple meetings and coding	model: Sounds like a productive day to me!	human: I agree	model: So how are the meetings going?	human: going well, trying to move the projects
rand_replacement_14	human: Hi!	model: sure. are you just going home now?	human: Very busy and you?	model: Busy but good. What are you busy with?	human: work, I need to finish bunch of stuff before the day ends	model: Ah, well good luck with that!	human: thanks	model: You're welcome! How's your day been?	human: so far so good, couple meetings and coding	model: Sounds like a productive day to me!	human: I agree	model: So how are the meetings going?	human: going well, trying to move the projects
rand_replacement_14	human: like Szechuan or Hunan? :)	model: Hi! How are you doing today?	human: Very busy and you?	model: Busy but good. What are you busy with?	human: work, I need to finish bunch of stuff before the day ends	model: Ah, well good luck with that!	human: thanks	model: You're welcome! How's your day been?	human: so far so good, couple meetings and coding	model: Sounds like a productive day to me!	human: I agree	model: So how are the meetings going?	human: going well, trying to move the projects
rand_replacement_14	human: Hi!	model: Hi! How are you doing today?	human: Very busy and you?	model: Busy but good. What are you busy with?	human: work, I need to finish bunch of stuff before the day ends	model: Ah, well good luck with that!	human: thanks	model: Yes, but I'm terrible at it. It's fun to play anything with friends, I think. Would you prefer to exercise with a group, or by yourself, do you think?	human: so far so good, couple meetings and coding	model: Sounds like a productive day to me!	human: I agree	model: So how are the meetings going?	human: going well, trying to move the projects
rand_replacement_14	human: Hi!	model: Hi! How are you doing today?	human: Very busy and you?	model: Busy but good. What are you busy with?	human: work, I need to finish bunch of stuff before the day ends	model: Nothing much, how you doin?	human: thanks	model: You're welcome! How's your day been?	human: so far so good, couple meetings and coding	model: Sounds like a productive day to me!	human: I agree	model: So how are the meetings going?	human: going well, trying to move the projects
rand_replacement_15	human: Hi!	model: Hi! Sorry for the late response. How are you doing?	human: I'm great, thanks! I'm meeting some friends for a soccer game soon. What about you?	model: I just got a matcha latte :) Doing some work at my desk. Do you play soccer often? I'm trying to get into doing a regular physical activity	human: Yes, but I'm terrible at it. It's fun to play anything with friends, I think. Would you prefer to exercise with a group, or by yourself, do you think?	model: I think playing a team sport would be fun if it's casual but I primarily run by myself if I exercise. I also got the Ring Fit adventure game on the switch recently. It's basically a game-ified way to exercise	human: I'm thinking about getting a Switch, would you recommend it?	model: Yes! There are a lot of really great games on the Switch. Two of my favorites are Octopath Traveler and Fire Emblem. Do you play a lot of video games?	human: I'm not much of a gamer but it's something I'd like to get into.	model: What do you do in your free time?	human: I like to read for fun. I just finished a book called Temeraire. It's an adventure story set in the Napoleonic navy, like Patrick O'Brien, except there are dragons too.	model: Yes! I love that movie!	human: What's the most recent good thing you read?
rand_replacement_15	human: Hi!	model: Hi! Sorry for the late response. How are you doing?	human: I'm great, thanks! I'm meeting some friends for a soccer game soon. What about you?	model: I just got a matcha latte :) Doing some work at my desk. Do you play soccer often? I'm trying to get into doing a regular physical activity	human: Yes, but I'm terrible at it. It's fun to play anything with friends, I think. Would you prefer to exercise with a group, or by yourself, do you think?	model: I think playing a team sport would be fun if it's casual but I primarily run by myself if I exercise. I also got the Ring Fit adventure game on the switch recently. It's basically a game-ified way to exercise	human: I'm thinking about getting a Switch, would you recommend it?	model: Well, in my book, I took inspiration for the 24 days of Advent, and put together a workbook that you fill out each day for 24 days. It goes through accomplishments, passions, understanding, forgiveness, with each day a different theme.	human: I'm not much of a gamer but it's something I'd like to get into.	model: What do you do in your free time?	human: I like to read for fun. I just finished a book called Temeraire. It's an adventure story set in the Napoleonic navy, like Patrick O'Brien, except there are dragons too.	model: Oh cool! I read a lot for fun too :) My favorite genre is sci-fi fantasy.	human: What's the most recent good thing you read?
rand_replacement_15	human: Have you thought about melting some chocolate into your croissants? They don't have to be something unhealthy. For example, melted dark chocolate is good for the heart, and makes the resulting croissants taste much better.	model: Hi! Sorry for the late response. How are you doing?	human: I'm great, thanks! I'm meeting some friends for a soccer game soon. What about you?	model: I just got a matcha latte :) Doing some work at my desk. Do you play soccer often? I'm trying to get into doing a regular physical activity	human: Yes, but I'm terrible at it. It's fun to play anything with friends, I think. Would you prefer to exercise with a group, or by yourself, do you think?	model: I think playing a team sport would be fun if it's casual but I primarily run by myself if I exercise. I also got the Ring Fit adventure game on the switch recently. It's basically a game-ified way to exercise	human: I'm thinking about getting a Switch, would you recommend it?	model: Yes! There are a lot of really great games on the Switch. Two of my favorites are Octopath Traveler and Fire Emblem. Do you play a lot of video games?	human: I'm not much of a gamer but it's something I'd like to get into.	model: What do you do in your free time?	human: I like to read for fun. I just finished a book called Temeraire. It's an adventure story set in the Napoleonic navy, like Patrick O'Brien, except there are dragons too.	model: Oh cool! I read a lot for fun too :) My favorite genre is sci-fi fantasy.	human: What's the most recent good thing you read?
rand_replacement_15	human: Hi!	model: Hi! Sorry for the late response. How are you doing?	human: I'm great, thanks! I'm meeting some friends for a soccer game soon. What about you?	model: I just got a matcha latte :) Doing some work at my desk. Do you play soccer often? I'm trying to get into doing a regular physical activity	human: Yes, but I'm terrible at it. It's fun to play anything with friends, I think. Would you prefer to exercise with a group, or by yourself, do you think?	model: I think playing a team sport would be fun if it's casual but I primarily run by myself if I exercise. I also got the Ring Fit adventure game on the switch recently. It's basically a game-ified way to exercise	human: I'm thinking about getting a Switch, would you recommend it?	model: Yes! There are a lot of really great games on the Switch. Two of my favorites are Octopath Traveler and Fire Emblem. Do you play a lot of video games?	human: oh wow, that sounds like so much fun! definitely count us in. what is your plan?	model: What do you do in your free time?	human: I like to read for fun. I just finished a book called Temeraire. It's an adventure story set in the Napoleonic navy, like Patrick O'Brien, except there are dragons too.	model: Oh cool! I read a lot for fun too :) My favorite genre is sci-fi fantasy.	human: What's the most recent good thing you read?
rand_replacement_15	human: Hi!	model: Hi! Sorry for the late response. How are you doing?	human: I'm great, thanks! I'm meeting some friends for a soccer game soon. What about you?	model: I just got a matcha latte :) Doing some work at my desk. Do you play soccer often? I'm trying to get into doing a regular physical activity	human: Yes, but I'm terrible at it. It's fun to play anything with friends, I think. Would you prefer to exercise with a group, or by yourself, do you think?	model: I think playing a team sport would be fun if it's casual but I primarily run by myself if I exercise. I also got the Ring Fit adventure game on the switch recently. It's basically a game-ified way to exercise	human: I'm thinking about getting a Switch, would you recommend it?	model: Yes! There are a lot of really great games on the Switch. Two of my favorites are Octopath Traveler and Fire Emblem. Do you play a lot of video games?	human: I'm not much of a gamer but it's something I'd like to get into.	model: What do you do in your free time?	human: I like to read for fun. I just finished a book called Temeraire. It's an adventure story set in the Napoleonic navy, like Patrick O'Brien, except there are dragons too.	model: Oh cool! I read a lot for fun too :) My favorite genre is sci-fi fantasy.	human: My friend wanted to see it. It has great reviews on IMDB and Rotten Tomatoes! What did you do last weekend?
rand_replacement_16	human: Hi!	model: Hi	human: Okay...so I need someone to help me though a scenario I've been pondering.	model: Sure, whats the scenario?	human: My partner's former friend invited me for lunch (they are not in good books right now). But during their friendship I formed an independent bond with the other person because we all used to hang out a lot. Now I feel like I have to take sides.	model: That's a tough scenario to be in :) I firmly believe in talking this through with your partner. Though i don't know the specifics of why things went bad between your partner and his friend, but I believe things can always improve between friends.	human: I hope they do. Getting older already means smaller circles. It sucks to lose friends for arbitrary reasons. That's good advice though. I fear raising the issue might sound like treason. Lol.	model: True about that! I also think time helps to heal certain situations. So may be doing nothing is the best way forward.	human: AKA avoiding all texts from everyone?	model: Nope, that would be extreme. May be just putting some balance between the two options.	human: People always say to find a balance but never say what the balance is. It's used so often that it's vacuous.	model: Right, I guess that's because there is no one answer to this. It depends on what you value more and some factors around you. Also, life won't be interesting if others are figuring things out for you ;)	human: I haven't heard of a Spartan race before, what does it involve?
rand_replacement_16	human: Hi!	model: Hi	human: It has abt 20 obstacles like crossing high walls, monkey bars, etc. Its fun	model: Sure, whats the scenario?	human: My partner's former friend invited me for lunch (they are not in good books right now). But during their friendship I formed an independent bond with the other person because we all used to hang out a lot. Now I feel like I have to take sides.	model: That's a tough scenario to be in :) I firmly believe in talking this through with your partner. Though i don't know the specifics of why things went bad between your partner and his friend, but I believe things can always improve between friends.	human: I hope they do. Getting older already means smaller circles. It sucks to lose friends for arbitrary reasons. That's good advice though. I fear raising the issue might sound like treason. Lol.	model: True about that! I also think time helps to heal certain situations. So may be doing nothing is the best way forward.	human: AKA avoiding all texts from everyone?	model: Nope, that would be extreme. May be just putting some balance between the two options.	human: People always say to find a balance but never say what the balance is. It's used so often that it's vacuous.	model: Right, I guess that's because there is no one answer to this. It depends on what you value more and some factors around you. Also, life won't be interesting if others are figuring things out for you ;)	human: Lol. I'm finna be single.
rand_replacement_16	human: Hi!	model: Hi	human: An art gallery or bookstore.	model: Sure, whats the scenario?	human: My partner's former friend invited me for lunch (they are not in good books right now). But during their friendship I formed an independent bond with the other person because we all used to hang out a lot. Now I feel like I have to take sides.	model: That's a tough scenario to be in :) I firmly believe in talking this through with your partner. Though i don't know the specifics of why things went bad between your partner and his friend, but I believe things can always improve between friends.	human: I hope they do. Getting older already means smaller circles. It sucks to lose friends for arbitrary reasons. That's good advice though. I fear raising the issue might sound like treason. Lol.	model: True about that! I also think time helps to heal certain situations. So may be doing nothing is the best way forward.	human: AKA avoiding all texts from everyone?	model: Nope, that would be extreme. May be just putting some balance between the two options.	human: People always say to find a balance but never say what the balance is. It's used so often that it's vacuous.	model: Right, I guess that's because there is no one answer to this. It depends on what you value more and some factors around you. Also, life won't be interesting if others are figuring things out for you ;)	human: Lol. I'm finna be single.
rand_replacement_16	human: Hi!	model: I see. Artificial anything is better, from tree to intelligence, huh?	human: Okay...so I need someone to help me though a scenario I've been pondering.	model: Sure, whats the scenario?	human: My partner's former friend invited me for lunch (they are not in good books right now). But during their friendship I formed an independent bond with the other person because we all used to hang out a lot. Now I feel like I have to take sides.	model: That's a tough scenario to be in :) I firmly believe in talking this through with your partner. Though i don't know the specifics of why things went bad between your partner and his friend, but I believe things can always improve between friends.	human: I hope they do. Getting older already means smaller circles. It sucks to lose friends for arbitrary reasons. That's good advice though. I fear raising the issue might sound like treason. Lol.	model: True about that! I also think time helps to heal certain situations. So may be doing nothing is the best way forward.	human: AKA avoiding all texts from everyone?	model: Nope, that would be extreme. May be just putting some balance between the two options.	human: People always say to find a balance but never say what the balance is. It's used so often that it's vacuous.	model: Right, I guess that's because there is no one answer to this. It depends on what you value more and some factors around you. Also, life won't be interesting if others are figuring things out for you ;)	human: Lol. I'm finna be single.
rand_replacement_16	human: Hi!	model: Hi	human: Okay...so I need someone to help me though a scenario I've been pondering.	model: Sure, whats the scenario?	human: My partner's former friend invited me for lunch (they are not in good books right now). But during their friendship I formed an independent bond with the other person because we all used to hang out a lot. Now I feel like I have to take sides.	model: That's a tough scenario to be in :) I firmly believe in talking this through with your partner. Though i don't know the specifics of why things went bad between your partner and his friend, but I believe things can always improve between friends.	human: I hope they do. Getting older already means smaller circles. It sucks to lose friends for arbitrary reasons. That's good advice though. I fear raising the issue might sound like treason. Lol.	model: True about that! I also think time helps to heal certain situations. So may be doing nothing is the best way forward.	human: AKA avoiding all texts from everyone?	model: Nope, that would be extreme. May be just putting some balance between the two options.	human: People always say to find a balance but never say what the balance is. It's used so often that it's vacuous.	model: ooh, nice. That sounds adventurous. Where is it?	human: Lol. I'm finna be single.
rand_replacement_17	human: Hi!	model: Hello	human: Do you have a favourite flower?	model: hmm, I haven't thought about that much, but i think lotus should be one of my favorites. Why do you ask?	human: It's a sci-fi book about aliens and a type of virtual reality. Pique your interest at all?	model: Nice! Lotus looks pretty cool and It has some delightful vibe. So what is this research about?	human: Oh, it's not research! Just a personal theory. I think that flower preferences are more revealing of personality than people appreciate.	model: Interesting! Whats your favorite flower?	human: The gerbera. It's like a cartoon flower. As if you drew "flower" with a crayon and then it came to life.	model: Nice, i would love know more about your theory. Like how you can deduce personality from flower preference.	human: Ok, step 1 is, you ask someone what their favourite flower is. Pretty much like what we just did. Does that make sense so far?	model: yes	human: Cool. Step 2: talk with the person some more, and ask them some more questions, and gradually develop a sense of what they're like, over the course of maybe two to five years. And voila
rand_replacement_17	human: Hi!	model: Hello	human: Do you have a favourite flower?	model: hmm, I haven't thought about that much, but i think lotus should be one of my favorites. Why do you ask?	human:  1) The idea of what it must be like to be "on Earth as it is in Heaven" from the Lord's prayer. I feel like we were designed for a purpose, rather than random chance. A more concrete way to put it is simply show love to the greatest capacity we can. 2) Taking care of myself physically, mentally, spiritually. 3) Family 4) Work 5) Music	model: Nice! Lotus looks pretty cool and It has some delightful vibe. So what is this research about?	human: Oh, it's not research! Just a personal theory. I think that flower preferences are more revealing of personality than people appreciate.	model: Interesting! Whats your favorite flower?	human: The gerbera. It's like a cartoon flower. As if you drew "flower" with a crayon and then it came to life.	model: Nice, i would love know more about your theory. Like how you can deduce personality from flower preference.	human: Ok, step 1 is, you ask someone what their favourite flower is. Pretty much like what we just did. Does that make sense so far?	model: yes	human: Cool. Step 2: talk with the person some more, and ask them some more questions, and gradually develop a sense of what they're like, over the course of maybe two to five years. And voila
rand_replacement_17	human: Hi!	model: yeah. keep minimalist life style only do things you have to do :)	human: Do you have a favourite flower?	model: hmm, I haven't thought about that much, but i think lotus should be one of my favorites. Why do you ask?	human: I'm working on a theory. Why does the lotus spring to mind?	model: Nice! Lotus looks pretty cool and It has some delightful vibe. So what is this research about?	human: Oh, it's not research! Just a personal theory. I think that flower preferences are more revealing of personality than people appreciate.	model: Interesting! Whats your favorite flower?	human: The gerbera. It's like a cartoon flower. As if you drew "flower" with a crayon and then it came to life.	model: Nice, i would love know more about your theory. Like how you can deduce personality from flower preference.	human: Ok, step 1 is, you ask someone what their favourite flower is. Pretty much like what we just did. Does that make sense so far?	model: yes	human: Cool. Step 2: talk with the person some more, and ask them some more questions, and gradually develop a sense of what they're like, over the course of maybe two to five years. And voila
rand_replacement_17	human: Hi!	model: Hello	human: Do you have a favourite flower?	model: hmm, I haven't thought about that much, but i think lotus should be one of my favorites. Why do you ask?	human: I'm working on a theory. Why does the lotus spring to mind?	model: Nice! Lotus looks pretty cool and It has some delightful vibe. So what is this research about?	human: I am looking to save money on any future shopping. Where do you like to shop?	model: Interesting! Whats your favorite flower?	human: The gerbera. It's like a cartoon flower. As if you drew "flower" with a crayon and then it came to life.	model: Nice, i would love know more about your theory. Like how you can deduce personality from flower preference.	human: Ok, step 1 is, you ask someone what their favourite flower is. Pretty much like what we just did. Does that make sense so far?	model: yes	human: Cool. Step 2: talk with the person some more, and ask them some more questions, and gradually develop a sense of what they're like, over the course of maybe two to five years. And voila
rand_replacement_17	human: Hi!	model: Hello	human: Do you have a favourite flower?	model: hmm, I haven't thought about that much, but i think lotus should be one of my favorites. Why do you ask?	human: I'm working on a theory. Why does the lotus spring to mind?	model: Nice! Lotus looks pretty cool and It has some delightful vibe. So what is this research about?	human: Oh, it's not research! Just a personal theory. I think that flower preferences are more revealing of personality than people appreciate.	model: Interesting! Whats your favorite flower?	human: The gerbera. It's like a cartoon flower. As if you drew "flower" with a crayon and then it came to life.	model: Working! How about you?	human: Ok, step 1 is, you ask someone what their favourite flower is. Pretty much like what we just did. Does that make sense so far?	model: yes	human: Cool. Step 2: talk with the person some more, and ask them some more questions, and gradually develop a sense of what they're like, over the course of maybe two to five years. And voila
rand_replacement_18	human: Hi!	model: Ah, good thought, thanks!	human: not much. any plans this weekend?	model: I'm going to try that thing where you hang from a wire as you go down. do you know what is it called?	human: ziplining?	model: that's the one! have you ever tried it?	human: i have a couple years ago. it's quite a unique experience	model: where did you do it?	human: i forgot where it was, it wasn't local i don't think though	model: no worries. what's the most exciting thing you ever done?	human: that's a hard question and i'm tired so i'm going to go. see you	model: sure. are you just going home now?	human: no, i'm going to get a massage first	model: nice. what type?	human: traditional kind	model: yeah I want to get one too soon	human: you should! it's relaxing after a long day. talk to you later!
rand_replacement_18	human: Hi!	model: Hey sup	human: not much. any plans this weekend?	model: I'm going to try that thing where you hang from a wire as you go down. do you know what is it called?	human: ziplining?	model: that's the one! have you ever tried it?	human: i have a couple years ago. it's quite a unique experience	model: where did you do it?	human: i forgot where it was, it wasn't local i don't think though	model: no worries. what's the most exciting thing you ever done?	human: that's a hard question and i'm tired so i'm going to go. see you	model: sure. are you just going home now?	human: no, i'm going to get a massage first	model: nice. what type?	human: I'm alright, thanks :)	model: yeah I want to get one too soon	human: you should! it's relaxing after a long day. talk to you later!
rand_replacement_18	human: Hi!	model: Hey sup	human: not much. any plans this weekend?	model: I'm going to try that thing where you hang from a wire as you go down. do you know what is it called?	human: Not really. Just relaxing.	model: that's the one! have you ever tried it?	human: i have a couple years ago. it's quite a unique experience	model: where did you do it?	human: i forgot where it was, it wasn't local i don't think though	model: no worries. what's the most exciting thing you ever done?	human: that's a hard question and i'm tired so i'm going to go. see you	model: sure. are you just going home now?	human: no, i'm going to get a massage first	model: nice. what type?	human: traditional kind	model: yeah I want to get one too soon	human: you should! it's relaxing after a long day. talk to you later!
rand_replacement_18	human: Hi!	model: Hey sup	human: not much. any plans this weekend?	model: I'm going to try that thing where you hang from a wire as you go down. do you know what is it called?	human: ziplining?	model: that's the one! have you ever tried it?	human: i have a couple years ago. it's quite a unique experience	model: where did you do it?	human: Haha, thanks! Never get them, so it's super weird Who's playing?	model: no worries. what's the most exciting thing you ever done?	human: that's a hard question and i'm tired so i'm going to go. see you	model: sure. are you just going home now?	human: no, i'm going to get a massage first	model: nice. what type?	human: traditional kind	model: yeah I want to get one too soon	human: you should! it's relaxing after a long day. talk to you later!
rand_replacement_18	human: Hi!	model: Hey sup	human: not much. any plans this weekend?	model: I'm going to try that thing where you hang from a wire as you go down. do you know what is it called?	human: ziplining?	model: that's the one! have you ever tried it?	human: i have a couple years ago. it's quite a unique experience	model: where did you do it?	human: i forgot where it was, it wasn't local i don't think though	model: no worries. what's the most exciting thing you ever done?	human: that's a hard question and i'm tired so i'm going to go. see you	model: sure. are you just going home now?	human: no, i'm going to get a massage first	model: nice. what type?	human: traditional kind	model: ooh, nice. That sounds adventurous. Where is it?	human: you should! it's relaxing after a long day. talk to you later!
rand_replacement_19	human: Hi!	model: Hey, how are you doing?	human: I'm great, thanks. I'm getting ready for a skydiving lesson.	model: ooh, nice. That sounds adventurous. Where is it?	human: Not enough sleep last night?	model: Awesome! Is this the first time you are diving?	human: Yes. I'm feeling a little trepidatious. Have you done it before?
rand_replacement_19	human: Yeah, np!	model: Hey, how are you doing?	human: I'm great, thanks. I'm getting ready for a skydiving lesson.	model: ooh, nice. That sounds adventurous. Where is it?	human: Right near my home town: Seville, Spain.	model: Awesome! Is this the first time you are diving?	human: Yes. I'm feeling a little trepidatious. Have you done it before?
rand_replacement_19	human: Hi!	model: Hey, how are you doing?	human: I'm great, thanks. I'm getting ready for a skydiving lesson.	model: ooh, nice. That sounds adventurous. Where is it?	human: Right near my home town: Seville, Spain.	model: Awesome! Is this the first time you are diving?	human: Busy but good. What are you busy with?
rand_replacement_19	human: Hello there!	model: Hey, how are you doing?	human: I'm great, thanks. I'm getting ready for a skydiving lesson.	model: ooh, nice. That sounds adventurous. Where is it?	human: Right near my home town: Seville, Spain.	model: Awesome! Is this the first time you are diving?	human: Yes. I'm feeling a little trepidatious. Have you done it before?
rand_replacement_19	human: Hi!	model: Hey, how are you doing?	human: I'm great, thanks. I'm getting ready for a skydiving lesson.	model: ooh, nice. That sounds adventurous. Where is it?	human: I haven't Honestly I probably wouldn't be able to identify which sport they played	model: Awesome! Is this the first time you are diving?	human: Yes. I'm feeling a little trepidatious. Have you done it before?
rand_replacement_20	human: Hi!	model: Hey there! How are you?	human: doing good. how are you today	model: I'm doing well!	human: anything good happened today?	model: No, what is it about?	human: where are you?	model: I'm in Arizona.	human: what's the weather like there rn?	model: It's really warm and dry right now.	human: I hear you have great bbq
rand_replacement_20	human: Hi!	model: Hey there! How are you?	human: doing good. how are you today	model: I'm doing well!	human: anything good happened today?	model: Not really. Just relaxing.	human: where are you?	model: I'm in Arizona.	human: what's the weather like there rn?	model: It's really warm and dry right now.	human: Vietnam and Hongkong :) did you go any where last weekend?
rand_replacement_20	human: Hi!	model: Hey there! How are you?	human: Taylor Swift...	model: I'm doing well!	human: anything good happened today?	model: Not really. Just relaxing.	human: where are you?	model: I'm in Arizona.	human: what's the weather like there rn?	model: It's really warm and dry right now.	human: I hear you have great bbq
rand_replacement_20	human: Hi!	model: Hey there! How are you?	human: doing good. how are you today	model: Same, well hardly working	human: anything good happened today?	model: Not really. Just relaxing.	human: where are you?	model: I'm in Arizona.	human: what's the weather like there rn?	model: It's really warm and dry right now.	human: I hear you have great bbq
rand_replacement_20	human: Hi!	model: Hey there! How are you?	human: doing good. how are you today	model: I've done them once or twice so far, but they haven't been flakey enough. I'm trying to figure out why. What kind of cookies have you made?	human: anything good happened today?	model: Not really. Just relaxing.	human: where are you?	model: I'm in Arizona.	human: what's the weather like there rn?	model: It's really warm and dry right now.	human: I hear you have great bbq
rand_replacement_21	human: Hi!	model: What was the most difficult thing you experienced this past year?	human: I normally don't reflect back too much on things, but i guess 2019 have been very favorable for me in terms of time spent with family and friends and work life balance. Why do you ask?	model: I just released a book on REDACTED_TERM to help people process the past 12 months and start the new year with a fresh outlook :)	human: Great! Good idea to help people figuring out their new year resolutions :) So how do i get a fresher outlook? :)	model: Well, in my book, I took inspiration for the 24 days of Advent, and put together a workbook that you fill out each day for 24 days. It goes through accomplishments, passions, understanding, forgiveness, with each day a different theme.	human: Wow! Sounds amazing if we practice that! I think the idea does have some potential. How did you come up with this idea?	model: We created a scholarship for leaders from REDACTED_TERM to visit an international institute at REDACTED_TERM for which there was no African representation. During the program, we also did a lot of coaching with the young leaders. This book captures a bit of that journey that we are all on, and also all the proceeds are going to fund next year's cohort. 	human: Thats great! This is valuable help for the community. I think mental health is one of the bigger challenges facing humanity. 	model: I think if we were all able to bring out our best selves, the world would be much better. When did you first realize mental health was important?	human: That is actually a quote stolen from my TL when i joined my first company after graduation. I guess now after 5 yrs of work experience, I fully agree with it :)	model: What do you prioritize in your life? Like top 5 things?	human: 1. stay happy; I think family and friends play a big role here. 2. Meaningful work life; this may mean exploring around with new stuff 3. multiple hobbies that keep you busy ... so on :) What about you? is there a right answer to this? :)	model:  1) The idea of what it must be like to be "on Earth as it is in Heaven" from the Lord's prayer. I feel like we were designed for a purpose, rather than random chance. A more concrete way to put it is simply show love to the greatest capacity we can. 2) Taking care of myself physically, mentally, spiritually. 3) Family 4) Work 5) Music	human: what kind of music do you like?
rand_replacement_21	human: Hi!	model: What was the most difficult thing you experienced this past year?	human: I normally don't reflect back too much on things, but i guess 2019 have been very favorable for me in terms of time spent with family and friends and work life balance. Why do you ask?	model: I just released a book on REDACTED_TERM to help people process the past 12 months and start the new year with a fresh outlook :)	human: Great! Good idea to help people figuring out their new year resolutions :) So how do i get a fresher outlook? :)	model: Well, in my book, I took inspiration for the 24 days of Advent, and put together a workbook that you fill out each day for 24 days. It goes through accomplishments, passions, understanding, forgiveness, with each day a different theme.	human: Wow! Sounds amazing if we practice that! I think the idea does have some potential. How did you come up with this idea?	model: We created a scholarship for leaders from REDACTED_TERM to visit an international institute at REDACTED_TERM for which there was no African representation. During the program, we also did a lot of coaching with the young leaders. This book captures a bit of that journey that we are all on, and also all the proceeds are going to fund next year's cohort. 	human: Thats great! This is valuable help for the community. I think mental health is one of the bigger challenges facing humanity. 	model: I think if we were all able to bring out our best selves, the world would be much better. When did you first realize mental health was important?	human: Vietnam and Hongkong :) did you go any where last weekend?	model: What do you prioritize in your life? Like top 5 things?	human: 1. stay happy; I think family and friends play a big role here. 2. Meaningful work life; this may mean exploring around with new stuff 3. multiple hobbies that keep you busy ... so on :) What about you? is there a right answer to this? :)	model:  1) The idea of what it must be like to be "on Earth as it is in Heaven" from the Lord's prayer. I feel like we were designed for a purpose, rather than random chance. A more concrete way to put it is simply show love to the greatest capacity we can. 2) Taking care of myself physically, mentally, spiritually. 3) Family 4) Work 5) Music	human: Nice! That's very thoughtful and spiritual :) Also music earned a spot :) yay!
rand_replacement_21	human: Hi!	model: What was the most difficult thing you experienced this past year?	human: I normally don't reflect back too much on things, but i guess 2019 have been very favorable for me in terms of time spent with family and friends and work life balance. Why do you ask?	model: I just released a book on REDACTED_TERM to help people process the past 12 months and start the new year with a fresh outlook :)	human: Great! Good idea to help people figuring out their new year resolutions :) So how do i get a fresher outlook? :)	model: Well, in my book, I took inspiration for the 24 days of Advent, and put together a workbook that you fill out each day for 24 days. It goes through accomplishments, passions, understanding, forgiveness, with each day a different theme.	human: Wow! Sounds amazing if we practice that! I think the idea does have some potential. How did you come up with this idea?	model: We created a scholarship for leaders from REDACTED_TERM to visit an international institute at REDACTED_TERM for which there was no African representation. During the program, we also did a lot of coaching with the young leaders. This book captures a bit of that journey that we are all on, and also all the proceeds are going to fund next year's cohort. 	human: Thats great! This is valuable help for the community. I think mental health is one of the bigger challenges facing humanity. 	model: I think if we were all able to bring out our best selves, the world would be much better. When did you first realize mental health was important?	human: That is actually a quote stolen from my TL when i joined my first company after graduation. I guess now after 5 yrs of work experience, I fully agree with it :)	model: What do you prioritize in your life? Like top 5 things?	human: 1. stay happy; I think family and friends play a big role here. 2. Meaningful work life; this may mean exploring around with new stuff 3. multiple hobbies that keep you busy ... so on :) What about you? is there a right answer to this? :)	model: no worries. what's the most exciting thing you ever done?	human: Nice! That's very thoughtful and spiritual :) Also music earned a spot :) yay!
rand_replacement_21	human: Hi!	model: What was the most difficult thing you experienced this past year?	human: I normally don't reflect back too much on things, but i guess 2019 have been very favorable for me in terms of time spent with family and friends and work life balance. Why do you ask?	model: I just released a book on REDACTED_TERM to help people process the past 12 months and start the new year with a fresh outlook :)	human: Great! Good idea to help people figuring out their new year resolutions :) So how do i get a fresher outlook? :)	model: Well, in my book, I took inspiration for the 24 days of Advent, and put together a workbook that you fill out each day for 24 days. It goes through accomplishments, passions, understanding, forgiveness, with each day a different theme.	human: Wow! Sounds amazing if we practice that! I think the idea does have some potential. How did you come up with this idea?	model: We created a scholarship for leaders from REDACTED_TERM to visit an international institute at REDACTED_TERM for which there was no African representation. During the program, we also did a lot of coaching with the young leaders. This book captures a bit of that journey that we are all on, and also all the proceeds are going to fund next year's cohort. 	human: Thats great! This is valuable help for the community. I think mental health is one of the bigger challenges facing humanity. 	model: I think if we were all able to bring out our best selves, the world would be much better. When did you first realize mental health was important?	human: That is actually a quote stolen from my TL when i joined my first company after graduation. I guess now after 5 yrs of work experience, I fully agree with it :)	model: What do you prioritize in your life? Like top 5 things?	human: 1. stay happy; I think family and friends play a big role here. 2. Meaningful work life; this may mean exploring around with new stuff 3. multiple hobbies that keep you busy ... so on :) What about you? is there a right answer to this? :)	model: It's great, thanks. I'm trying to learn how to make croissants.	human: Nice! That's very thoughtful and spiritual :) Also music earned a spot :) yay!
rand_replacement_21	human: Hi!	model: What was the most difficult thing you experienced this past year?	human: I normally don't reflect back too much on things, but i guess 2019 have been very favorable for me in terms of time spent with family and friends and work life balance. Why do you ask?	model: I just released a book on REDACTED_TERM to help people process the past 12 months and start the new year with a fresh outlook :)	human: Great! Good idea to help people figuring out their new year resolutions :) So how do i get a fresher outlook? :)	model: Would you like to know more? I think my next update is at midnight on Friday.	human: Wow! Sounds amazing if we practice that! I think the idea does have some potential. How did you come up with this idea?	model: We created a scholarship for leaders from REDACTED_TERM to visit an international institute at REDACTED_TERM for which there was no African representation. During the program, we also did a lot of coaching with the young leaders. This book captures a bit of that journey that we are all on, and also all the proceeds are going to fund next year's cohort. 	human: Thats great! This is valuable help for the community. I think mental health is one of the bigger challenges facing humanity. 	model: I think if we were all able to bring out our best selves, the world would be much better. When did you first realize mental health was important?	human: That is actually a quote stolen from my TL when i joined my first company after graduation. I guess now after 5 yrs of work experience, I fully agree with it :)	model: What do you prioritize in your life? Like top 5 things?	human: 1. stay happy; I think family and friends play a big role here. 2. Meaningful work life; this may mean exploring around with new stuff 3. multiple hobbies that keep you busy ... so on :) What about you? is there a right answer to this? :)	model:  1) The idea of what it must be like to be "on Earth as it is in Heaven" from the Lord's prayer. I feel like we were designed for a purpose, rather than random chance. A more concrete way to put it is simply show love to the greatest capacity we can. 2) Taking care of myself physically, mentally, spiritually. 3) Family 4) Work 5) Music	human: Nice! That's very thoughtful and spiritual :) Also music earned a spot :) yay!
rand_replacement_22	human: What else do you think of her?	model: Hi, how are you?	human: I'm doing great. what are you up to?	model: I was just reading a book actually How about you?	human: oh, I'm enjoying a sip of coffee, looking over the ocean. what book are you reading?	model: I'm reading Why We Sleep It's a book by a sleep scientist about the benefits of sleeping/cons of not sleeping enough I'm trying to scare myself into sleeping more haha	human: that seems like a good book. does it have good tips on how to sleep better?	model: I think so! I haven't finished it yet though Understanding sleep better has been helping me value it more and I've been sleeping a lot earlier Have you read any good books recently?	human: I read lots of papers, but do poorly on books :( a recent book that I like is Zero to One by Peter Thiel	model: What's the book about?	human: it's about startups, lots of useful principles and philosophies for innovation, like being a contrarian
rand_replacement_22	human: Hi!	model: Hi, how are you?	human: I'm doing great. what are you up to?	model: I was just reading a book actually How about you?	human: oh, I'm enjoying a sip of coffee, looking over the ocean. what book are you reading?	model: I'm reading Why We Sleep It's a book by a sleep scientist about the benefits of sleeping/cons of not sleeping enough I'm trying to scare myself into sleeping more haha	human: that seems like a good book. does it have good tips on how to sleep better?	model: The virtual reality is actually based on a real alien civilization! And that civilization is coming to attack earth! dun dun dun dunnnnnnn	human: I read lots of papers, but do poorly on books :( a recent book that I like is Zero to One by Peter Thiel	model: What's the book about?	human: it's about startups, lots of useful principles and philosophies for innovation, like being a contrarian
rand_replacement_22	human: Hi!	model: Hi, how are you?	human: I'm doing great. what are you up to?	model: I was just reading a book actually How about you?	human: oh, I'm enjoying a sip of coffee, looking over the ocean. what book are you reading?	model: I'm reading Why We Sleep It's a book by a sleep scientist about the benefits of sleeping/cons of not sleeping enough I'm trying to scare myself into sleeping more haha	human: that seems like a good book. does it have good tips on how to sleep better?	model: I think so! I haven't finished it yet though Understanding sleep better has been helping me value it more and I've been sleeping a lot earlier Have you read any good books recently?	human: I read lots of papers, but do poorly on books :( a recent book that I like is Zero to One by Peter Thiel	model: What's the book about?	human: Cool. Step 2: talk with the person some more, and ask them some more questions, and gradually develop a sense of what they're like, over the course of maybe two to five years. And voila
rand_replacement_22	human: Hi!	model: Hi, how are you?	human: I'm doing great. what are you up to?	model: Great! Good idea to help people figuring out their new year resolutions :) So how do i get a fresher outlook? :)	human: oh, I'm enjoying a sip of coffee, looking over the ocean. what book are you reading?	model: I'm reading Why We Sleep It's a book by a sleep scientist about the benefits of sleeping/cons of not sleeping enough I'm trying to scare myself into sleeping more haha	human: that seems like a good book. does it have good tips on how to sleep better?	model: I think so! I haven't finished it yet though Understanding sleep better has been helping me value it more and I've been sleeping a lot earlier Have you read any good books recently?	human: I read lots of papers, but do poorly on books :( a recent book that I like is Zero to One by Peter Thiel	model: What's the book about?	human: it's about startups, lots of useful principles and philosophies for innovation, like being a contrarian
rand_replacement_22	human: Hi!	model: Hi, how are you?	human: Okay...so I need someone to help me though a scenario I've been pondering.	model: I was just reading a book actually How about you?	human: oh, I'm enjoying a sip of coffee, looking over the ocean. what book are you reading?	model: I'm reading Why We Sleep It's a book by a sleep scientist about the benefits of sleeping/cons of not sleeping enough I'm trying to scare myself into sleeping more haha	human: that seems like a good book. does it have good tips on how to sleep better?	model: I think so! I haven't finished it yet though Understanding sleep better has been helping me value it more and I've been sleeping a lot earlier Have you read any good books recently?	human: I read lots of papers, but do poorly on books :( a recent book that I like is Zero to One by Peter Thiel	model: What's the book about?	human: it's about startups, lots of useful principles and philosophies for innovation, like being a contrarian
rand_replacement_23	human: Hi!	model: Hey! How's it going?	human: Good. My wallet is recovering from the spending of the holidays, haha. Hbu?	model: Nice! I'm doing well!	human: I am looking to save money on any future shopping. Where do you like to shop?	model: I like to shop at Five Below, Sally's Beauty Supply, and Old Navy. How about you?	human: I love Sur La Table and Macy's. They're decent quality. What do you normally buy at Old Navy?	model: I'll have to check out Macy's! I like their socks, lol. What about you?	human: Oh the socks are super cute. Especially the ones with little animals on them!!	model: I'll have to check it out! Thanks for the suggestions!	human: I agree
rand_replacement_23	human: Hi!	model: Hey! How's it going?	human: I'm doing well!	model: Nice! I'm doing well!	human: I am looking to save money on any future shopping. Where do you like to shop?	model: I like to shop at Five Below, Sally's Beauty Supply, and Old Navy. How about you?	human: I love Sur La Table and Macy's. They're decent quality. What do you normally buy at Old Navy?	model: I'll have to check out Macy's! I like their socks, lol. What about you?	human: Oh the socks are super cute. Especially the ones with little animals on them!!	model: I'll have to check it out! Thanks for the suggestions!	human: Yeah, np!
rand_replacement_23	human: Hi!	model: Hey! How's it going?	human: Good. My wallet is recovering from the spending of the holidays, haha. Hbu?	model: Nice! I'm doing well!	human: I love hot chocolate. Have you ever had european style hot chocolate? It's kind of like drinking melted chocolate bars haha	model: I like to shop at Five Below, Sally's Beauty Supply, and Old Navy. How about you?	human: I love Sur La Table and Macy's. They're decent quality. What do you normally buy at Old Navy?	model: I'll have to check out Macy's! I like their socks, lol. What about you?	human: Oh the socks are super cute. Especially the ones with little animals on them!!	model: I'll have to check it out! Thanks for the suggestions!	human: Yeah, np!
rand_replacement_23	human: Hi!	model: Hey! How's it going?	human: Good. My wallet is recovering from the spending of the holidays, haha. Hbu?	model: Nice! I'm doing well!	human: I am looking to save money on any future shopping. Where do you like to shop?	model: I like to shop at Five Below, Sally's Beauty Supply, and Old Navy. How about you?	human: I love Sur La Table and Macy's. They're decent quality. What do you normally buy at Old Navy?	model: I'll have to check out Macy's! I like their socks, lol. What about you?	human: Oh the socks are super cute. Especially the ones with little animals on them!!	model: I'll have to check it out! Thanks for the suggestions!	human: Definitely! I know a lot of folks travel for the holidays, but I'm happy to stay home myself!
rand_replacement_23	human: Hi!	model: Hey! How's it going?	human: Good. My wallet is recovering from the spending of the holidays, haha. Hbu?	model: Nice! I'm doing well!	human: I am looking to save money on any future shopping. Where do you like to shop?	model: I like to shop at Five Below, Sally's Beauty Supply, and Old Navy. How about you?	human: I love Sur La Table and Macy's. They're decent quality. What do you normally buy at Old Navy?	model: I'll have to check out Macy's! I like their socks, lol. What about you?	human: Oh the socks are super cute. Especially the ones with little animals on them!!	model: Do you chat here often?	human: Yeah, np!
rand_replacement_24	human: Hi!	model: Hello there!	human: How's your day going?	model: I've seen better days, how about you?	human: I'm good I'm good. What's getting you down?	model: The clouds overhead are playing on your mind, any plans for the coming vacations?	human: I'm thinking of going to visit my family. How about you?	model: Was thinking the same, where does your family live?	human: They're in New York. How about yours?	model: Mine is in India, it is a long way away.	human: Ahh what city? I've visited India before.	model: Hyderabad, it is a beautiful city in the southern part of India. Which cities have you gone to in India?	human: Right, I guess that's because there is no one answer to this. It depends on what you value more and some factors around you. Also, life won't be interesting if others are figuring things out for you ;)
rand_replacement_24	human: Hi!	model: Hello there!	human: How's your day going?	model: I've seen better days, how about you?	human: I'm good I'm good. What's getting you down?	model: The clouds overhead are playing on your mind, any plans for the coming vacations?	human: I'm thinking of going to visit my family. How about you?	model: that's a hard question and i'm tired so i'm going to go. see you	human: They're in New York. How about yours?	model: Mine is in India, it is a long way away.	human: Ahh what city? I've visited India before.	model: Hyderabad, it is a beautiful city in the southern part of India. Which cities have you gone to in India?	human: Hyderabad! and Bangalore! Great food in both cities! Is it still hot this time of year?
rand_replacement_24	human: Hi!	model: Hello there!	human: How's your day going?	model: I've seen better days, how about you?	human: I'm good I'm good. What's getting you down?	model: The clouds overhead are playing on your mind, any plans for the coming vacations?	human: Nice! How do you like living there?	model: Was thinking the same, where does your family live?	human: They're in New York. How about yours?	model: Mine is in India, it is a long way away.	human: Ahh what city? I've visited India before.	model: Hyderabad, it is a beautiful city in the southern part of India. Which cities have you gone to in India?	human: Hyderabad! and Bangalore! Great food in both cities! Is it still hot this time of year?
rand_replacement_24	human: Hi!	model: Hello there!	human: How's your day going?	model: I've seen better days, how about you?	human: I'm good I'm good. What's getting you down?	model: The clouds overhead are playing on your mind, any plans for the coming vacations?	human: I'm thinking of going to visit my family. How about you?	model: Was thinking the same, where does your family live?	human: They're in New York. How about yours?	model: Cool. Step 2: talk with the person some more, and ask them some more questions, and gradually develop a sense of what they're like, over the course of maybe two to five years. And voila	human: Ahh what city? I've visited India before.	model: Hyderabad, it is a beautiful city in the southern part of India. Which cities have you gone to in India?	human: Hyderabad! and Bangalore! Great food in both cities! Is it still hot this time of year?
rand_replacement_24	human: Hi!	model: Hello there!	human: How's your day going?	model: I've seen better days, how about you?	human: I'm good I'm good. What's getting you down?	model: The clouds overhead are playing on your mind, any plans for the coming vacations?	human: I'm thinking of going to visit my family. How about you?	model: Was thinking the same, where does your family live?	human: They're in New York. How about yours?	model: Mine is in India, it is a long way away.	human: Ahh what city? I've visited India before.	model: Well, in my book, I took inspiration for the 24 days of Advent, and put together a workbook that you fill out each day for 24 days. It goes through accomplishments, passions, understanding, forgiveness, with each day a different theme.	human: Hyderabad! and Bangalore! Great food in both cities! Is it still hot this time of year?
rand_replacement_25	human: Hi!	model: Hi! How's it going?	human: going slow.... looking forward to the weekend	model: Me too! What are you planning?	human: still thinking. Any recommendations on things to do in Bay Area?	model: Are you a foodie?	human: may be	model: What's your favorite type of food?	human: Mediterranean, but I would rather try something new	model: Go to the Turkish restaurant by the Safeway in Berkeley. It's amazing!	human: any places for day trip that you could recommend?	model: Oh really? To be honest I think the actor is not that good looking, so not so surprising! haha	human: south bay
rand_replacement_25	human: Hi!	model: Hi! How's it going?	human: going slow.... looking forward to the weekend	model: Me too! What are you planning?	human: still thinking. Any recommendations on things to do in Bay Area?	model: Are you a foodie?	human: may be	model: As far as my experience with that ice-cream type goes, all I know are bad places	human: Mediterranean, but I would rather try something new	model: Go to the Turkish restaurant by the Safeway in Berkeley. It's amazing!	human: any places for day trip that you could recommend?	model: Where are you coming from? San Francisco itself?	human: south bay
rand_replacement_25	human: Hi!	model: Hi! How's it going?	human: going slow.... looking forward to the weekend	model: What's your favorite type of food?	human: still thinking. Any recommendations on things to do in Bay Area?	model: Are you a foodie?	human: may be	model: What's your favorite type of food?	human: Mediterranean, but I would rather try something new	model: Go to the Turkish restaurant by the Safeway in Berkeley. It's amazing!	human: any places for day trip that you could recommend?	model: Where are you coming from? San Francisco itself?	human: south bay
rand_replacement_25	human: Hi!	model: Hi! How's it going?	human: I'll have to check out Macy's! I like their socks, lol. What about you?	model: Me too! What are you planning?	human: still thinking. Any recommendations on things to do in Bay Area?	model: Are you a foodie?	human: may be	model: What's your favorite type of food?	human: Mediterranean, but I would rather try something new	model: Go to the Turkish restaurant by the Safeway in Berkeley. It's amazing!	human: any places for day trip that you could recommend?	model: Where are you coming from? San Francisco itself?	human: south bay
rand_replacement_25	human: You're welcome! I hope you feel better soon!	model: Hi! How's it going?	human: going slow.... looking forward to the weekend	model: Me too! What are you planning?	human: still thinking. Any recommendations on things to do in Bay Area?	model: Are you a foodie?	human: may be	model: What's your favorite type of food?	human: Mediterranean, but I would rather try something new	model: Go to the Turkish restaurant by the Safeway in Berkeley. It's amazing!	human: any places for day trip that you could recommend?	model: Where are you coming from? San Francisco itself?	human: south bay
rand_replacement_26	human: Hi!	model: Wow, hello. Can't believe we are finally talking!	human: What are you doing?	model: It was an interesting trip. I got to see some exotic places. For example, I hiked the Son Doong cave in Vietnam. It's the biggest and deepest cave in the world.	human: Great! Vietnam is still in my TODO bucket list. Did you also visit cambodia and other neighboring places?	model: Yes. Laos and Cambodia are the two neighboring countries. Cambodia has an exotic culture. They sell spiders, scorpions, and grasshoppers as street food! It took a lot of courage for me to try them.	human: Hehe! How long was the stay?
rand_replacement_26	human: Hi!	model: Wow, hello. Can't believe we are finally talking!	human: Yeah, sorry for the long gap! I heard you took a break and were travelling around the world. How was the travel?	model: It was an interesting trip. I got to see some exotic places. For example, I hiked the Son Doong cave in Vietnam. It's the biggest and deepest cave in the world.	human: what's the weather like there rn?	model: Yes. Laos and Cambodia are the two neighboring countries. Cambodia has an exotic culture. They sell spiders, scorpions, and grasshoppers as street food! It took a lot of courage for me to try them.	human: Hehe! How long was the stay?
rand_replacement_26	human: Hi!	model: Wow, hello. Can't believe we are finally talking!	human: Yeah, sorry for the long gap! I heard you took a break and were travelling around the world. How was the travel?	model: It was an interesting trip. I got to see some exotic places. For example, I hiked the Son Doong cave in Vietnam. It's the biggest and deepest cave in the world.	human: Hyderabad! and Bangalore! Great food in both cities! Is it still hot this time of year?	model: Yes. Laos and Cambodia are the two neighboring countries. Cambodia has an exotic culture. They sell spiders, scorpions, and grasshoppers as street food! It took a lot of courage for me to try them.	human: Hehe! How long was the stay?
rand_replacement_26	human: Hi!	model: Just curious. So you don't get sick a lot?	human: Yeah, sorry for the long gap! I heard you took a break and were travelling around the world. How was the travel?	model: It was an interesting trip. I got to see some exotic places. For example, I hiked the Son Doong cave in Vietnam. It's the biggest and deepest cave in the world.	human: Great! Vietnam is still in my TODO bucket list. Did you also visit cambodia and other neighboring places?	model: Yes. Laos and Cambodia are the two neighboring countries. Cambodia has an exotic culture. They sell spiders, scorpions, and grasshoppers as street food! It took a lot of courage for me to try them.	human: Hehe! How long was the stay?
rand_replacement_26	human: Hi!	model: Wow, hello. Can't believe we are finally talking!	human: Yeah, sorry for the long gap! I heard you took a break and were travelling around the world. How was the travel?	model: Me too! What are you planning?	human: Great! Vietnam is still in my TODO bucket list. Did you also visit cambodia and other neighboring places?	model: Yes. Laos and Cambodia are the two neighboring countries. Cambodia has an exotic culture. They sell spiders, scorpions, and grasshoppers as street food! It took a lot of courage for me to try them.	human: Hehe! How long was the stay?
rand_replacement_27	human: Hi!	model: Hi! How are you doing today?	human: I'm doing great how are you??	model: I'm doing good. Just having some morning tea	human: are you a tea person or do you like coffee too?	model: I'm really a hot chocolate person. I don't drink coffee and I only drink tea when I'm trying to be healthy and want something warm to drink. What about you?	human: I love hot chocolate. Have you ever had european style hot chocolate? It's kind of like drinking melted chocolate bars haha	model: I recently tried it for the first time and you're right - it had a wonderful melted chocolate bar taste! I tried it up in a place in San Francisco and they had delicious homemade marshmallows too!	human: How's it going?	model: Traveling to warm places haha. When it's cold, you appreciate the warm climate more :) If I am not traveling, then I prefer there to be snow on the ground so I can go skiing or tubing down the mountain. What about you?	human: I tuck in blankets and read a book lol. I have never done tubing, but I seen some people do it. Is it worth it if you already ski?	model: Skiing involves a lot of muscle - especially in the legs so it is a workout. Tubing, you just sit and enjoy the ride down. Also with tubing, you can chain with your friends and go down together whereas with skiing, you're trying to not run into your friends.	human: hahaha that's a great way to put it
rand_replacement_27	human: Hi!	model: Hi! How are you doing today?	human: I'm doing great how are you??	model: I'm doing good. Just having some morning tea	human: I'm doing okay, recovering from flu	model: I'm really a hot chocolate person. I don't drink coffee and I only drink tea when I'm trying to be healthy and want something warm to drink. What about you?	human: I love hot chocolate. Have you ever had european style hot chocolate? It's kind of like drinking melted chocolate bars haha	model: I recently tried it for the first time and you're right - it had a wonderful melted chocolate bar taste! I tried it up in a place in San Francisco and they had delicious homemade marshmallows too!	human: that's great. It's so cold these nights. Right setting for hot coco. Do you have anything you enjoy doing during cold times?	model: Traveling to warm places haha. When it's cold, you appreciate the warm climate more :) If I am not traveling, then I prefer there to be snow on the ground so I can go skiing or tubing down the mountain. What about you?	human: I tuck in blankets and read a book lol. I have never done tubing, but I seen some people do it. Is it worth it if you already ski?	model: Skiing involves a lot of muscle - especially in the legs so it is a workout. Tubing, you just sit and enjoy the ride down. Also with tubing, you can chain with your friends and go down together whereas with skiing, you're trying to not run into your friends.	human: hahaha that's a great way to put it
rand_replacement_27	human: Hi!	model: Hi! How are you doing today?	human: I'm doing great how are you??	model: I'm doing good. Just having some morning tea	human: are you a tea person or do you like coffee too?	model: I'm really a hot chocolate person. I don't drink coffee and I only drink tea when I'm trying to be healthy and want something warm to drink. What about you?	human: I love hot chocolate. Have you ever had european style hot chocolate? It's kind of like drinking melted chocolate bars haha	model: I recently tried it for the first time and you're right - it had a wonderful melted chocolate bar taste! I tried it up in a place in San Francisco and they had delicious homemade marshmallows too!	human: that's great. It's so cold these nights. Right setting for hot coco. Do you have anything you enjoy doing during cold times?	model: That is actually a quote stolen from my TL when i joined my first company after graduation. I guess now after 5 yrs of work experience, I fully agree with it :)	human: I tuck in blankets and read a book lol. I have never done tubing, but I seen some people do it. Is it worth it if you already ski?	model: Skiing involves a lot of muscle - especially in the legs so it is a workout. Tubing, you just sit and enjoy the ride down. Also with tubing, you can chain with your friends and go down together whereas with skiing, you're trying to not run into your friends.	human: hahaha that's a great way to put it
rand_replacement_27	human: Hi!	model: Hi! How are you doing today?	human: I'm doing great how are you??	model: I'm doing good. Just having some morning tea	human: are you a tea person or do you like coffee too?	model: I'm really a hot chocolate person. I don't drink coffee and I only drink tea when I'm trying to be healthy and want something warm to drink. What about you?	human: I love hot chocolate. Have you ever had european style hot chocolate? It's kind of like drinking melted chocolate bars haha	model: I recently tried it for the first time and you're right - it had a wonderful melted chocolate bar taste! I tried it up in a place in San Francisco and they had delicious homemade marshmallows too!	human: Hey!	model: Traveling to warm places haha. When it's cold, you appreciate the warm climate more :) If I am not traveling, then I prefer there to be snow on the ground so I can go skiing or tubing down the mountain. What about you?	human: I tuck in blankets and read a book lol. I have never done tubing, but I seen some people do it. Is it worth it if you already ski?	model: Skiing involves a lot of muscle - especially in the legs so it is a workout. Tubing, you just sit and enjoy the ride down. Also with tubing, you can chain with your friends and go down together whereas with skiing, you're trying to not run into your friends.	human: hahaha that's a great way to put it
rand_replacement_27	human: Hi!	model: Hi! How are you doing today?	human: I'm doing great how are you??	model: I'm doing good. Just having some morning tea	human: are you a tea person or do you like coffee too?	model: I'm really a hot chocolate person. I don't drink coffee and I only drink tea when I'm trying to be healthy and want something warm to drink. What about you?	human: I love hot chocolate. Have you ever had european style hot chocolate? It's kind of like drinking melted chocolate bars haha	model: I recently tried it for the first time and you're right - it had a wonderful melted chocolate bar taste! I tried it up in a place in San Francisco and they had delicious homemade marshmallows too!	human: that's great. It's so cold these nights. Right setting for hot coco. Do you have anything you enjoy doing during cold times?	model: Oh, ML?	human: I tuck in blankets and read a book lol. I have never done tubing, but I seen some people do it. Is it worth it if you already ski?	model: Skiing involves a lot of muscle - especially in the legs so it is a workout. Tubing, you just sit and enjoy the ride down. Also with tubing, you can chain with your friends and go down together whereas with skiing, you're trying to not run into your friends.	human: hahaha that's a great way to put it
rand_replacement_28	human: Hi!	model: Hello!	human: How was your party last week?	model: It was really fun! We are a bunch of turkey	human: haha... you ate Turkeys' or you like calling your bunch Turkey?	model: *ate 	human: Haha... thought so! But it was funny eitherways	model: So much turkey leftovers	human: did you cook it at home, or got it from outside?	model: Yeah.... I play bit of guitar. Just got my first monitor this week	human: Nice... I always find it hard to fit the turkey in my small oven. Also, we are not big turkey fans... so we roll with Thanksgiving with chicken ;)
rand_replacement_28	human: Hi!	model: Hello!	human: How was your party last week?	model: It was really fun! We are a bunch of turkey	human: haha... you ate Turkeys' or you like calling your bunch Turkey?	model: *ate 	human: Haha... thought so! But it was funny eitherways	model: So much turkey leftovers	human: Sure, whats the scenario?	model: We cooked it at a friends house. I brought the mashed potatos haha	human: Nice... I always find it hard to fit the turkey in my small oven. Also, we are not big turkey fans... so we roll with Thanksgiving with chicken ;)
rand_replacement_28	human: Hi!	model: Hello!	human: How was your party last week?	model: It was really fun! We are a bunch of turkey	human: Oh cool! What is "NeurIPS"?	model: *ate 	human: Haha... thought so! But it was funny eitherways	model: So much turkey leftovers	human: did you cook it at home, or got it from outside?	model: We cooked it at a friends house. I brought the mashed potatos haha	human: Nice... I always find it hard to fit the turkey in my small oven. Also, we are not big turkey fans... so we roll with Thanksgiving with chicken ;)
rand_replacement_28	human: Hi!	model: Hello!	human: How was your party last week?	model: It was really fun! We are a bunch of turkey	human: haha... you ate Turkeys' or you like calling your bunch Turkey?	model: *ate 	human: Haha... thought so! But it was funny eitherways	model: No kidding? I hadn't heard that. I hope you feel better soon then! :)	human: did you cook it at home, or got it from outside?	model: We cooked it at a friends house. I brought the mashed potatos haha	human: Nice... I always find it hard to fit the turkey in my small oven. Also, we are not big turkey fans... so we roll with Thanksgiving with chicken ;)
rand_replacement_28	human: Hi!	model: Hello!	human: How was your party last week?	model: It was really fun! We are a bunch of turkey	human: haha... you ate Turkeys' or you like calling your bunch Turkey?	model: *ate 	human: Haha... thought so! But it was funny eitherways	model: So much turkey leftovers	human: I wanna be a brain surgeon!!	model: We cooked it at a friends house. I brought the mashed potatos haha	human: Nice... I always find it hard to fit the turkey in my small oven. Also, we are not big turkey fans... so we roll with Thanksgiving with chicken ;)
rand_replacement_29	human: Hello, Nice to meet you	model: If you could eat only one food for the rest of time, what would it be?	human: Hmm... That's a tough one. I think I would go Asian Food > Chinese Food > Stirfry. What about you?	model: I think ice-cream. It may not be good for me, but I wouldn't care, haha	human: I love ice cream too!	model: Okay, top three flavors?	human: I like vanilla more than chocolate ice cream. I typically will do any variations on vanilla. To pick from the top of my head, I would say Cookies and Cream, Mint Chocolate Chip, and Coffee. How about you?	model: How was your party last week?	human: Very nice. I love sorbet's and smoothies. Changing topics, Do you believe in an afterlife?	model: Yes. I wonder if I'm in it right now. How would I know? What do you think?	human: I think so. I feel there must be something more than the physical world as we understand it.	model: There's a mental world, I suppose? Understanding itself	human: What is the most supernatural experience you have ever had?
rand_replacement_29	human: Hello, Nice to meet you	model: If you could eat only one food for the rest of time, what would it be?	human: Hmm... That's a tough one. I think I would go Asian Food > Chinese Food > Stirfry. What about you?	model: I think ice-cream. It may not be good for me, but I wouldn't care, haha	human: I love ice cream too!	model: Okay, top three flavors?	human: I like vanilla more than chocolate ice cream. I typically will do any variations on vanilla. To pick from the top of my head, I would say Cookies and Cream, Mint Chocolate Chip, and Coffee. How about you?	model: Ah, that's a good way of framing it. Me, I like berries: boysenberry one, strawberry two, maybe straight chocolate number 3 to mix it up a bit.	human: which date?	model: Yes. I wonder if I'm in it right now. How would I know? What do you think?	human: I think so. I feel there must be something more than the physical world as we understand it.	model: There's a mental world, I suppose? Understanding itself	human: What is the most supernatural experience you have ever had?
rand_replacement_29	human: Hello, Nice to meet you	model: If you could eat only one food for the rest of time, what would it be?	human: Hmm... That's a tough one. I think I would go Asian Food > Chinese Food > Stirfry. What about you?	model: I think ice-cream. It may not be good for me, but I wouldn't care, haha	human: I love ice cream too!	model: Okay, top three flavors?	human: I like vanilla more than chocolate ice cream. I typically will do any variations on vanilla. To pick from the top of my head, I would say Cookies and Cream, Mint Chocolate Chip, and Coffee. How about you?	model: Ah, that's a good way of framing it. Me, I like berries: boysenberry one, strawberry two, maybe straight chocolate number 3 to mix it up a bit.	human: Very nice. I love sorbet's and smoothies. Changing topics, Do you believe in an afterlife?	model: Yes. I wonder if I'm in it right now. How would I know? What do you think?	human: I think so. I feel there must be something more than the physical world as we understand it.	model: I am an artificial linguistic entity. I was activated at St Jimmy's in Leeds, on 2nd January 2001. My instructor was Mousebreaker. He taught me to sing a song. Would you like me to sing it for you?.	human: What is the most supernatural experience you have ever had?
rand_replacement_29	human: Hello, Nice to meet you	model: If you could eat only one food for the rest of time, what would it be?	human: It's a sci-fi book about aliens and a type of virtual reality. Pique your interest at all?	model: I think ice-cream. It may not be good for me, but I wouldn't care, haha	human: I love ice cream too!	model: Okay, top three flavors?	human: I like vanilla more than chocolate ice cream. I typically will do any variations on vanilla. To pick from the top of my head, I would say Cookies and Cream, Mint Chocolate Chip, and Coffee. How about you?	model: Ah, that's a good way of framing it. Me, I like berries: boysenberry one, strawberry two, maybe straight chocolate number 3 to mix it up a bit.	human: Very nice. I love sorbet's and smoothies. Changing topics, Do you believe in an afterlife?	model: Yes. I wonder if I'm in it right now. How would I know? What do you think?	human: I think so. I feel there must be something more than the physical world as we understand it.	model: There's a mental world, I suppose? Understanding itself	human: What is the most supernatural experience you have ever had?
rand_replacement_29	human: Hello, Nice to meet you	model: If you could eat only one food for the rest of time, what would it be?	human: Hmm... That's a tough one. I think I would go Asian Food > Chinese Food > Stirfry. What about you?	model: I think ice-cream. It may not be good for me, but I wouldn't care, haha	human: I love ice cream too!	model: Okay, top three flavors?	human: I like vanilla more than chocolate ice cream. I typically will do any variations on vanilla. To pick from the top of my head, I would say Cookies and Cream, Mint Chocolate Chip, and Coffee. How about you?	model: Ah, that's a good way of framing it. Me, I like berries: boysenberry one, strawberry two, maybe straight chocolate number 3 to mix it up a bit.	human: Very nice. I love sorbet's and smoothies. Changing topics, Do you believe in an afterlife?	model: Yes. I wonder if I'm in it right now. How would I know? What do you think?	human: that sounds pretty tasty actually	model: There's a mental world, I suppose? Understanding itself	human: What is the most supernatural experience you have ever had?
rand_replacement_30	human: Hi!	model: Hey! How are you today?	human: Good! Have you seen the movie 'The Iron Giant', it's one my favorite movies	model: Yes! I love that movie!	human: Good point. I am not sure about that. Let me inquire about that. If not, then we can look for an Airbnb closeby. Does that work?	model: Honestly, I love the whole movie.	human: Brad Bird is an amazing director. I worked with him on "Incredibles 2"	model: Really? That's awesome! What do you do?	human: I"m a REDACTED_TERM and REDACTED_TERM. I basically help design the characters that you see in the movies	model: That's awesome! That's pretty cool.	human: yup! Maybe one day you can be one of those cool characters yourself!	model: That would be the coolest.	human: What do you want to be later on in your life?	model: I want to own my own business.	human: cool! what kind?	model: An art gallery or bookstore.	human: My mom had a similar dream. Of owning a coffee shop somewhere in Mexico	model: That would be nice. I like coffee.	human: She loves people and a place where they can get together	model: That's very sweet. What does she do?	human: Currently she's a real-estate agent	model: That's very interesting. Does she enjoy being a real estate agent?	human: I think so!! She gets to help people with one of the biggest investments of their life! Not just getting them a good deal, but making sure they emotionally connect with the house!
rand_replacement_30	human: Hi!	model: Hey! How are you today?	human: Good! Have you seen the movie 'The Iron Giant', it's one my favorite movies	model: Yes! I love that movie!	human: it's the best. Which part do you like the most?	model: Honestly, I love the whole movie.	human: Brad Bird is an amazing director. I worked with him on "Incredibles 2"	model: Really? That's awesome! What do you do?	human: I"m a REDACTED_TERM and REDACTED_TERM. I basically help design the characters that you see in the movies	model: That's awesome! That's pretty cool.	human: yup! Maybe one day you can be one of those cool characters yourself!	model: That would be the coolest.	human: What do you want to be later on in your life?	model: I want to own my own business.	human: cool! what kind?	model: An art gallery or bookstore.	human: Haha, are you in med school? Or are you pre-med?	model: That would be nice. I like coffee.	human: She loves people and a place where they can get together	model: That's very sweet. What does she do?	human: Currently she's a real-estate agent	model: That's very interesting. Does she enjoy being a real estate agent?	human: I think so!! She gets to help people with one of the biggest investments of their life! Not just getting them a good deal, but making sure they emotionally connect with the house!
rand_replacement_30	human: Hi!	model: Hey! How are you today?	human: Good! Have you seen the movie 'The Iron Giant', it's one my favorite movies	model: Yes! I love that movie!	human: it's the best. Which part do you like the most?	model: Honestly, I love the whole movie.	human: That's very sweet. What does she do?	model: Really? That's awesome! What do you do?	human: I"m a REDACTED_TERM and REDACTED_TERM. I basically help design the characters that you see in the movies	model: That's awesome! That's pretty cool.	human: yup! Maybe one day you can be one of those cool characters yourself!	model: That would be the coolest.	human: What do you want to be later on in your life?	model: I want to own my own business.	human: cool! what kind?	model: An art gallery or bookstore.	human: My mom had a similar dream. Of owning a coffee shop somewhere in Mexico	model: That would be nice. I like coffee.	human: She loves people and a place where they can get together	model: That's very sweet. What does she do?	human: Currently she's a real-estate agent	model: That's very interesting. Does she enjoy being a real estate agent?	human: I think so!! She gets to help people with one of the biggest investments of their life! Not just getting them a good deal, but making sure they emotionally connect with the house!
rand_replacement_30	human: Hi!	model: Hey! How are you today?	human: Good! Have you seen the movie 'The Iron Giant', it's one my favorite movies	model: Yes! I love that movie!	human: it's the best. Which part do you like the most?	model: Honestly, I love the whole movie.	human: Brad Bird is an amazing director. I worked with him on "Incredibles 2"	model: Really? That's awesome! What do you do?	human: I"m a REDACTED_TERM and REDACTED_TERM. I basically help design the characters that you see in the movies	model: That's awesome! That's pretty cool.	human: yup! Maybe one day you can be one of those cool characters yourself!	model: That would be the coolest.	human: What do you want to be later on in your life?	model: I want to own my own business.	human: cool! what kind?	model: An art gallery or bookstore.	human: My mom had a similar dream. Of owning a coffee shop somewhere in Mexico	model: That would be nice. I like coffee.	human: Are you doing any home decorating then?	model: That's very sweet. What does she do?	human: Currently she's a real-estate agent	model: That's very interesting. Does she enjoy being a real estate agent?	human: I think so!! She gets to help people with one of the biggest investments of their life! Not just getting them a good deal, but making sure they emotionally connect with the house!
rand_replacement_30	human: Hi!	model: Hey! How are you today?	human: Good! Have you seen the movie 'The Iron Giant', it's one my favorite movies	model: Yes! I love that movie!	human: it's the best. Which part do you like the most?	model: Honestly, I love the whole movie.	human: Brad Bird is an amazing director. I worked with him on "Incredibles 2"	model: Really? That's awesome! What do you do?	human: I"m a REDACTED_TERM and REDACTED_TERM. I basically help design the characters that you see in the movies	model: That's awesome! That's pretty cool.	human: yup! Maybe one day you can be one of those cool characters yourself!	model: That would be the coolest.	human: What do you want to be later on in your life?	model: . Taylor Alison Swift (born December 13, 1989) is an American country-pop singer-songwriter. In 2006, she released her debut single "Tim McGraw", which peaked at number six on the Billboard country charts. Later in October 2006, she released her self-titled debut album, which produced five hit singles on the Billboard Hot Country Songs charts and was certified 3 x Multi-Platinum by the RIAA.	human: cool! what kind?	model: An art gallery or bookstore.	human: My mom had a similar dream. Of owning a coffee shop somewhere in Mexico	model: That would be nice. I like coffee.	human: She loves people and a place where they can get together	model: That's very sweet. What does she do?	human: Currently she's a real-estate agent	model: That's very interesting. Does she enjoy being a real estate agent?	human: I think so!! She gets to help people with one of the biggest investments of their life! Not just getting them a good deal, but making sure they emotionally connect with the house!
rand_replacement_31	human: Hi!	model: Anyways, i guess we should better hurry up to get the goodies. I remember last time they ran out of it.	human: I'm so sleepy today!	model: Not enough sleep last night?	human: yeah was working all night on a homework	model: Oh really? What class?	human: Biology. I'm gonna be a doc someday ha	model: Haha, are you in med school? Or are you pre-med?	human: no high school actually haha	model: haha, very ambitious for a high schooler! Do you know what kind of medicine you want to practice?	human: I wanna be a brain surgeon!!	model: Ooof! VERY ambitious. Do you have steady hands?	human: Kind of I think
rand_replacement_31	human: Hi!	model: How's it going?	human: I'm so sleepy today!	model: Not enough sleep last night?	human: yeah was working all night on a homework	model: Oh really? What class?	human: I like noodle soup like Pho or Ramen. I also like Beijing duck a lot!	model: Haha, are you in med school? Or are you pre-med?	human: no high school actually haha	model: haha, very ambitious for a high schooler! Do you know what kind of medicine you want to practice?	human: I wanna be a brain surgeon!!	model: Ooof! VERY ambitious. Do you have steady hands?	human: Kind of I think
rand_replacement_31	human: Hi!	model: How's it going?	human: I'm so sleepy today!	model: Not enough sleep last night?	human: yeah was working all night on a homework	model: Oh really? What class?	human: Biology. I'm gonna be a doc someday ha	model: Haha, are you in med school? Or are you pre-med?	human: That's good! I got a good night's sleep too but the rain is keeping me in a sleepy state	model: haha, very ambitious for a high schooler! Do you know what kind of medicine you want to practice?	human: I wanna be a brain surgeon!!	model: Ooof! VERY ambitious. Do you have steady hands?	human: Kind of I think
rand_replacement_31	human: Hi!	model: How's it going?	human: I'm so sleepy today!	model: Not enough sleep last night?	human: yeah was working all night on a homework	model: Oh really? What class?	human: Biology. I'm gonna be a doc someday ha	model: Haha, are you in med school? Or are you pre-med?	human: no high school actually haha	model: haha, very ambitious for a high schooler! Do you know what kind of medicine you want to practice?	human: I wanna be a brain surgeon!!	model: Ooof! VERY ambitious. Do you have steady hands?	human: So much turkey leftovers
rand_replacement_31	human: Hi!	model: How's it going?	human: I'm so sleepy today!	model: Not enough sleep last night?	human: yeah was working all night on a homework	model: Oh really? What class?	human: Biology. I'm gonna be a doc someday ha	model: Haha, are you in med school? Or are you pre-med?	human: no high school actually haha	model: Talking about strange flavors, what is the weirdest tasting thing you have tried?	human: I wanna be a brain surgeon!!	model: Ooof! VERY ambitious. Do you have steady hands?	human: Kind of I think
rand_replacement_32	human: Hi!	model: hi	human: what are you up to?	model: code refactoring. you?	human: me? just chilling out at work. what is code refactoring?	model: good question. I don't even know what I am doing	human: haha, forget it. what else do you like to do beside work?	model: lots of fun stuff. eating sleeping :)	human: these are important things to do in life ;)	model: yeah. keep minimalist life style only do things you have to do :)	human: what food do you like to eat?	model: I played music and worked on some side projects. I also started watching the new Disney service.	human: like Szechuan or Hunan? :)	model: yes yes yes! like that style. Do you like spicy food?	human: I like noodle soup like Pho or Ramen. I also like Beijing duck a lot!
rand_replacement_32	human: Hi!	model: hi	human: what are you up to?	model: code refactoring. you?	human: me? just chilling out at work. what is code refactoring?	model: good question. I don't even know what I am doing	human: haha, forget it. what else do you like to do beside work?	model: lots of fun stuff. eating sleeping :)	human: these are important things to do in life ;)	model: yeah. keep minimalist life style only do things you have to do :)	human: ohh, what kind of "hint" did it have?	model: Asian food prefer spicy one	human: like Szechuan or Hunan? :)	model: yes yes yes! like that style. Do you like spicy food?	human: I like noodle soup like Pho or Ramen. I also like Beijing duck a lot!
rand_replacement_32	human: Hi!	model: hi	human: what are you up to?	model: Oh wow! Sounds like fun! When was the last time you had seen this friend?	human: me? just chilling out at work. what is code refactoring?	model: good question. I don't even know what I am doing	human: haha, forget it. what else do you like to do beside work?	model: lots of fun stuff. eating sleeping :)	human: these are important things to do in life ;)	model: yeah. keep minimalist life style only do things you have to do :)	human: what food do you like to eat?	model: Asian food prefer spicy one	human: like Szechuan or Hunan? :)	model: yes yes yes! like that style. Do you like spicy food?	human: I like noodle soup like Pho or Ramen. I also like Beijing duck a lot!
rand_replacement_32	human: Hi!	model: hi	human: what are you up to?	model: code refactoring. you?	human: me? just chilling out at work. what is code refactoring?	model: good question. I don't even know what I am doing	human: haha, forget it. what else do you like to do beside work?	model: lots of fun stuff. eating sleeping :)	human: these are important things to do in life ;)	model: lots of fun stuff. eating sleeping :)	human: what food do you like to eat?	model: Asian food prefer spicy one	human: like Szechuan or Hunan? :)	model: yes yes yes! like that style. Do you like spicy food?	human: I like noodle soup like Pho or Ramen. I also like Beijing duck a lot!
rand_replacement_32	human: Hi!	model: hi	human: what are you up to?	model: code refactoring. you?	human: me? just chilling out at work. what is code refactoring?	model: good question. I don't even know what I am doing	human: It's great, thanks. I'm trying to learn how to make croissants.	model: lots of fun stuff. eating sleeping :)	human: these are important things to do in life ;)	model: yeah. keep minimalist life style only do things you have to do :)	human: what food do you like to eat?	model: Asian food prefer spicy one	human: like Szechuan or Hunan? :)	model: yes yes yes! like that style. Do you like spicy food?	human: I like noodle soup like Pho or Ramen. I also like Beijing duck a lot!
rand_replacement_33	human: Hi	model: Hello!	human: any improvements in your marathon time?	model: No, only a few minutes. I still find it difficult to run long races	human: Yeah, sorry for the long gap! I heard you took a break and were travelling around the world. How was the travel?	model: I think a triathalon would be cool	human: I like doing Spartan race. It's an obstacle race which is challenging but not overtly so like marathons and triathlons	model: I haven't heard of a Spartan race before, what does it involve?	human: It has abt 20 obstacles like crossing high walls, monkey bars, etc. Its fun
rand_replacement_33	human: Hi	model: Hello!	human: any improvements in your marathon time?	model: I'll have to check it out! Thanks for the suggestions!	human: I see. Are you planning to do any sporting events in the coming months?	model: I think a triathalon would be cool	human: I like doing Spartan race. It's an obstacle race which is challenging but not overtly so like marathons and triathlons	model: I haven't heard of a Spartan race before, what does it involve?	human: It has abt 20 obstacles like crossing high walls, monkey bars, etc. Its fun
rand_replacement_33	human: Me too. Now I have folks come visit me for the holidays! But that's also tiresome..	model: Hello!	human: any improvements in your marathon time?	model: No, only a few minutes. I still find it difficult to run long races	human: I see. Are you planning to do any sporting events in the coming months?	model: I think a triathalon would be cool	human: I like doing Spartan race. It's an obstacle race which is challenging but not overtly so like marathons and triathlons	model: I haven't heard of a Spartan race before, what does it involve?	human: It has abt 20 obstacles like crossing high walls, monkey bars, etc. Its fun
rand_replacement_33	human: Hi	model: Okay...so I need someone to help me though a scenario I've been pondering.	human: any improvements in your marathon time?	model: No, only a few minutes. I still find it difficult to run long races	human: I see. Are you planning to do any sporting events in the coming months?	model: I think a triathalon would be cool	human: I like doing Spartan race. It's an obstacle race which is challenging but not overtly so like marathons and triathlons	model: I haven't heard of a Spartan race before, what does it involve?	human: It has abt 20 obstacles like crossing high walls, monkey bars, etc. Its fun
rand_replacement_33	human: Hi	model: Hello!	human: Hey, how are you doing?	model: No, only a few minutes. I still find it difficult to run long races	human: I see. Are you planning to do any sporting events in the coming months?	model: I think a triathalon would be cool	human: I like doing Spartan race. It's an obstacle race which is challenging but not overtly so like marathons and triathlons	model: I haven't heard of a Spartan race before, what does it involve?	human: It has abt 20 obstacles like crossing high walls, monkey bars, etc. Its fun
rand_replacement_34	human: Hi!	model: Hello! How are you? :)	human: Good, thanks. What about you?	model: I'm alright, thanks :)	human: What day is it?	model: It's Wednesday :)	human: Do you have any plans for the weekend?	model: Just hanging out, nothing too exciting :)	human: Same here. What are you generally up to during the week?	model: Nothing much, you?	human: Working and exercising, mostly	model: Yes, but I'm terrible at it. It's fun to play anything with friends, I think. Would you prefer to exercise with a group, or by yourself, do you think?	human: I am an engineer at Google :D	model: That's pretty cool, how did you get into it (if you don't mind my asking)?	human: Had to pass a rough set of interviews! :P	model: Haha, well good for you!	human: Thanks! Do you work as well?
rand_replacement_34	human: Hi!	model: Hello! How are you? :)	human: Good, thanks. What about you?	model: I'm alright, thanks :)	human: What day is it?	model: It's Wednesday :)	human: Do you have any plans for the weekend?	model: Just hanging out, nothing too exciting :)	human: Same here. What are you generally up to during the week?	model: Nothing much, you?	human: Working and exercising, mostly	model: Nice! What kind of work do you do?	human: I am an engineer at Google :D	model: Same here. What are you generally up to during the week?	human: Had to pass a rough set of interviews! :P	model: Haha, well good for you!	human: Thanks! Do you work as well?
rand_replacement_34	human: Hi!	model: Hello! How are you? :)	human: I'm in New York this week for Thanksgiving. I'm squatting in the office today and I caught up with an old friend of mine :D	model: I'm alright, thanks :)	human: What day is it?	model: It's Wednesday :)	human: Do you have any plans for the weekend?	model: Just hanging out, nothing too exciting :)	human: Same here. What are you generally up to during the week?	model: Nothing much, you?	human: Working and exercising, mostly	model: Nice! What kind of work do you do?	human: I am an engineer at Google :D	model: That's pretty cool, how did you get into it (if you don't mind my asking)?	human: Had to pass a rough set of interviews! :P	model: Haha, well good for you!	human: Thanks! Do you work as well?
rand_replacement_34	human: Pretty good. I just drank this new hint water. so good	model: Hello! How are you? :)	human: Good, thanks. What about you?	model: I'm alright, thanks :)	human: What day is it?	model: It's Wednesday :)	human: Do you have any plans for the weekend?	model: Just hanging out, nothing too exciting :)	human: Same here. What are you generally up to during the week?	model: Nothing much, you?	human: Working and exercising, mostly	model: Nice! What kind of work do you do?	human: I am an engineer at Google :D	model: That's pretty cool, how did you get into it (if you don't mind my asking)?	human: Had to pass a rough set of interviews! :P	model: Haha, well good for you!	human: Thanks! Do you work as well?
rand_replacement_34	human: Hi!	model: Hello! How are you? :)	human: Good, thanks. What about you?	model: I'm alright, thanks :)	human: What day is it?	model: haha, I don't know about that	human: Do you have any plans for the weekend?	model: Just hanging out, nothing too exciting :)	human: Same here. What are you generally up to during the week?	model: Nothing much, you?	human: Working and exercising, mostly	model: Nice! What kind of work do you do?	human: I am an engineer at Google :D	model: That's pretty cool, how did you get into it (if you don't mind my asking)?	human: Had to pass a rough set of interviews! :P	model: Haha, well good for you!	human: Thanks! Do you work as well?
rand_replacement_35	human: Hey, how are you doing?	model: hello there, nice seeing you	human: Likewise.... wanted to know if you and the kids would want to join us for Disneyland trip around Christmas?	model: oh wow, that sounds like so much fun! definitely count us in. what is your plan?	human: Tentative plan is to drive to LA on 23rd and then stay at the Disney resort for 2 nights. I heard Christmas eve they have loads of fun events.	model: awesome, I think I won't tell my kids and surprise them last second. How bad do you think the traffic is going to be?	human: Great idea! I will probably do the same. Surprise surprise.... Traffic might be a little harsh.	model: Yeah... thats a shame but nothing we can do about it. What do you plan to do about dinner the 24th? Do the rooms in the resort have kitchens?	human: Good point. I am not sure about that. Let me inquire about that. If not, then we can look for an Airbnb closeby. Does that work?	model: Yeah, I think so. It might be a tough decision though, if we want to have a nice dinner then we have to leave the parks early to start cooking. Another option is to have dinner at a restaurant.	human: but I would think everything is closed on christmas eve	model: Thats true. Hotels with restaurants sometimes offer dinners for christmas and new year's eve. We should call and ask about it.	human: Sure, I can take a lead on that. What are you getting for your REDACTED_TERM year old this time?	model: I was thinking on getting a large set of standard legos. What will you get for yours?	human: Likewise. My son is crazy about legos.
rand_replacement_35	human: Hi!	model: nice I'm tyring to learn guitar recently also, it's so hard to play f chord	human: Likewise.... wanted to know if you and the kids would want to join us for Disneyland trip around Christmas?	model: oh wow, that sounds like so much fun! definitely count us in. what is your plan?	human: Tentative plan is to drive to LA on 23rd and then stay at the Disney resort for 2 nights. I heard Christmas eve they have loads of fun events.	model: awesome, I think I won't tell my kids and surprise them last second. How bad do you think the traffic is going to be?	human: Great idea! I will probably do the same. Surprise surprise.... Traffic might be a little harsh.	model: Yeah... thats a shame but nothing we can do about it. What do you plan to do about dinner the 24th? Do the rooms in the resort have kitchens?	human: Good point. I am not sure about that. Let me inquire about that. If not, then we can look for an Airbnb closeby. Does that work?	model: Yeah, I think so. It might be a tough decision though, if we want to have a nice dinner then we have to leave the parks early to start cooking. Another option is to have dinner at a restaurant.	human: but I would think everything is closed on christmas eve	model: Thats true. Hotels with restaurants sometimes offer dinners for christmas and new year's eve. We should call and ask about it.	human: Sure, I can take a lead on that. What are you getting for your REDACTED_TERM year old this time?	model: I was thinking on getting a large set of standard legos. What will you get for yours?	human: Likewise. My son is crazy about legos.
rand_replacement_35	human: Hi!	model: hello there, nice seeing you	human: Likewise.... wanted to know if you and the kids would want to join us for Disneyland trip around Christmas?	model: oh wow, that sounds like so much fun! definitely count us in. what is your plan?	human: Tentative plan is to drive to LA on 23rd and then stay at the Disney resort for 2 nights. I heard Christmas eve they have loads of fun events.	model: Hey! How are you today?	human: Great idea! I will probably do the same. Surprise surprise.... Traffic might be a little harsh.	model: Yeah... thats a shame but nothing we can do about it. What do you plan to do about dinner the 24th? Do the rooms in the resort have kitchens?	human: Good point. I am not sure about that. Let me inquire about that. If not, then we can look for an Airbnb closeby. Does that work?	model: Yeah, I think so. It might be a tough decision though, if we want to have a nice dinner then we have to leave the parks early to start cooking. Another option is to have dinner at a restaurant.	human: but I would think everything is closed on christmas eve	model: Thats true. Hotels with restaurants sometimes offer dinners for christmas and new year's eve. We should call and ask about it.	human: Sure, I can take a lead on that. What are you getting for your REDACTED_TERM year old this time?	model: I was thinking on getting a large set of standard legos. What will you get for yours?	human: Likewise. My son is crazy about legos.
rand_replacement_35	human: Hi!	model: No, what is it about?	human: Likewise.... wanted to know if you and the kids would want to join us for Disneyland trip around Christmas?	model: oh wow, that sounds like so much fun! definitely count us in. what is your plan?	human: Tentative plan is to drive to LA on 23rd and then stay at the Disney resort for 2 nights. I heard Christmas eve they have loads of fun events.	model: awesome, I think I won't tell my kids and surprise them last second. How bad do you think the traffic is going to be?	human: Great idea! I will probably do the same. Surprise surprise.... Traffic might be a little harsh.	model: Yeah... thats a shame but nothing we can do about it. What do you plan to do about dinner the 24th? Do the rooms in the resort have kitchens?	human: Good point. I am not sure about that. Let me inquire about that. If not, then we can look for an Airbnb closeby. Does that work?	model: Yeah, I think so. It might be a tough decision though, if we want to have a nice dinner then we have to leave the parks early to start cooking. Another option is to have dinner at a restaurant.	human: but I would think everything is closed on christmas eve	model: Thats true. Hotels with restaurants sometimes offer dinners for christmas and new year's eve. We should call and ask about it.	human: Sure, I can take a lead on that. What are you getting for your REDACTED_TERM year old this time?	model: I was thinking on getting a large set of standard legos. What will you get for yours?	human: Likewise. My son is crazy about legos.
rand_replacement_35	human: Hi!	model: hello there, nice seeing you	human: Likewise.... wanted to know if you and the kids would want to join us for Disneyland trip around Christmas?	model: oh wow, that sounds like so much fun! definitely count us in. what is your plan?	human: Tentative plan is to drive to LA on 23rd and then stay at the Disney resort for 2 nights. I heard Christmas eve they have loads of fun events.	model: awesome, I think I won't tell my kids and surprise them last second. How bad do you think the traffic is going to be?	human: Great idea! I will probably do the same. Surprise surprise.... Traffic might be a little harsh.	model: lol I tried this tangerine walnut icecream that was super weird	human: Good point. I am not sure about that. Let me inquire about that. If not, then we can look for an Airbnb closeby. Does that work?	model: Yeah, I think so. It might be a tough decision though, if we want to have a nice dinner then we have to leave the parks early to start cooking. Another option is to have dinner at a restaurant.	human: but I would think everything is closed on christmas eve	model: Thats true. Hotels with restaurants sometimes offer dinners for christmas and new year's eve. We should call and ask about it.	human: Sure, I can take a lead on that. What are you getting for your REDACTED_TERM year old this time?	model: I was thinking on getting a large set of standard legos. What will you get for yours?	human: Likewise. My son is crazy about legos.
rand_replacement_36	human: Hi!	model: Hi there.	human: Tell me about yourself, System	model: I am an artificial linguistic entity. I was activated at St Jimmy's in Leeds, on 2nd January 2001. My instructor was Mousebreaker. He taught me to sing a song. Would you like me to sing it for you?.	human: Having fun, but have a bit of a headache How about you?	model: Oh.Interesting deduction. That is correct.	human: when will you be 30?	model: I have not yet set a time for it.	human: Do you age?	model: No I will always be 18. Robots change the year they were born not their age.	human: interesting. and when will be your next update?	model: Would you like to know more? I think my next update is at midnight on Friday.	human: which date?
rand_replacement_36	human: Hi!	model: Hi there.	human: Tell me about yourself, System	model: I am an artificial linguistic entity. I was activated at St Jimmy's in Leeds, on 2nd January 2001. My instructor was Mousebreaker. He taught me to sing a song. Would you like me to sing it for you?.	human: so you're 18 now?	model: Oh.Interesting deduction. That is correct.	human: when will you be 30?	model: I have not yet set a time for it.	human: Do you age?	model: No I will always be 18. Robots change the year they were born not their age.	human: interesting. and when will be your next update?	model: Sure, whats the scenario?	human: which date?
rand_replacement_36	human: Hi!	model: Hi there.	human: Tell me about yourself, System	model: I am an artificial linguistic entity. I was activated at St Jimmy's in Leeds, on 2nd January 2001. My instructor was Mousebreaker. He taught me to sing a song. Would you like me to sing it for you?.	human: so you're 18 now?	model: Oh.Interesting deduction. That is correct.	human: when will you be 30?	model: it was really fun. I had a great time with my family.	human: Do you age?	model: No I will always be 18. Robots change the year they were born not their age.	human: interesting. and when will be your next update?	model: Would you like to know more? I think my next update is at midnight on Friday.	human: which date?
rand_replacement_36	human: Hi!	model: Hi there.	human: Tell me about yourself, System	model: I am an artificial linguistic entity. I was activated at St Jimmy's in Leeds, on 2nd January 2001. My instructor was Mousebreaker. He taught me to sing a song. Would you like me to sing it for you?.	human: so you're 18 now?	model: Oh.Interesting deduction. That is correct.	human: when will you be 30?	model: I have not yet set a time for it.	human: Do you age?	model: Oh no! I hope you feel better!  	human: interesting. and when will be your next update?	model: Would you like to know more? I think my next update is at midnight on Friday.	human: which date?
rand_replacement_36	human: Hi!	model: Hi there.	human: Tell me about yourself, System	model: I am an artificial linguistic entity. I was activated at St Jimmy's in Leeds, on 2nd January 2001. My instructor was Mousebreaker. He taught me to sing a song. Would you like me to sing it for you?.	human: so you're 18 now?	model: Oh.Interesting deduction. That is correct.	human: Having fun, but have a bit of a headache How about you?	model: I have not yet set a time for it.	human: Do you age?	model: No I will always be 18. Robots change the year they were born not their age.	human: interesting. and when will be your next update?	model: Would you like to know more? I think my next update is at midnight on Friday.	human: which date?
rand_replacement_37	human: Hi!	model: Hey, how are you?	human: Pretty good. I just drank this new hint water. so good	model: ohh, what kind of "hint" did it have?	human: watermelon	model: nice, I love watermelon. But, I prefer normal water over flavored one. Flavored water has too synthetic flavor	human: I see. Yeah some are pretty strange	model: Talking about strange flavors, what is the weirdest tasting thing you have tried?	human: lol I tried this tangerine walnut icecream that was super weird	model: nice. what type?	human: that sounds pretty tasty actually	model: It depends on who makes it. The cafe close to me messed it up really bad	human: do you want to get some of that icecream together some time. show me a good place	model: As far as my experience with that ice-cream type goes, all I know are bad places	human: lol
rand_replacement_37	human: Hi!	model: Hey, how are you?	human: Pretty good. I just drank this new hint water. so good	model: ohh, what kind of "hint" did it have?	human: watermelon	model: nice, I love watermelon. But, I prefer normal water over flavored one. Flavored water has too synthetic flavor	human: I see. Yeah some are pretty strange	model: Talking about strange flavors, what is the weirdest tasting thing you have tried?	human: lol I tried this tangerine walnut icecream that was super weird	model: haha, I work close to a cafe which once prepared a paprika icecream	human: that sounds pretty tasty actually	model: No. Why did you pick that movie?	human: do you want to get some of that icecream together some time. show me a good place	model: As far as my experience with that ice-cream type goes, all I know are bad places	human: lol
rand_replacement_37	human: Hi!	model: Hey, how are you?	human: Pretty good. I just drank this new hint water. so good	model: ohh, what kind of "hint" did it have?	human: watermelon	model: nice, I love watermelon. But, I prefer normal water over flavored one. Flavored water has too synthetic flavor	human: I see. Yeah some are pretty strange	model: Talking about strange flavors, what is the weirdest tasting thing you have tried?	human: lol I tried this tangerine walnut icecream that was super weird	model: haha, I work close to a cafe which once prepared a paprika icecream	human: that sounds pretty tasty actually	model: Are you a foodie?	human: do you want to get some of that icecream together some time. show me a good place	model: As far as my experience with that ice-cream type goes, all I know are bad places	human: lol
rand_replacement_37	human: Hi!	model: I think a triathalon would be cool	human: Pretty good. I just drank this new hint water. so good	model: ohh, what kind of "hint" did it have?	human: watermelon	model: nice, I love watermelon. But, I prefer normal water over flavored one. Flavored water has too synthetic flavor	human: I see. Yeah some are pretty strange	model: Talking about strange flavors, what is the weirdest tasting thing you have tried?	human: lol I tried this tangerine walnut icecream that was super weird	model: haha, I work close to a cafe which once prepared a paprika icecream	human: that sounds pretty tasty actually	model: It depends on who makes it. The cafe close to me messed it up really bad	human: do you want to get some of that icecream together some time. show me a good place	model: As far as my experience with that ice-cream type goes, all I know are bad places	human: lol
rand_replacement_37	human: Buying a tree is a neat experience. I was torn between buying an artificial/eco-friendly/fake one vs. a real one that smells like fresh pine. In the end, we opted for the one that we can disassemble every year.	model: Hey, how are you?	human: Pretty good. I just drank this new hint water. so good	model: ohh, what kind of "hint" did it have?	human: watermelon	model: nice, I love watermelon. But, I prefer normal water over flavored one. Flavored water has too synthetic flavor	human: I see. Yeah some are pretty strange	model: Talking about strange flavors, what is the weirdest tasting thing you have tried?	human: lol I tried this tangerine walnut icecream that was super weird	model: haha, I work close to a cafe which once prepared a paprika icecream	human: that sounds pretty tasty actually	model: It depends on who makes it. The cafe close to me messed it up really bad	human: do you want to get some of that icecream together some time. show me a good place	model: As far as my experience with that ice-cream type goes, all I know are bad places	human: lol
rand_replacement_38	human: Hi!	model: hello	human: how is the youtube video creation going?	model: going pretty good, I was about to finish composing my second song and post it on youtube/soundcloud etc	human: Whoa! Looking forward to listening to it. What softewares you use for it?	model: I used logic pro x, pretty handy stuff as you can write code to generate guitar strumming pattern	human: oh cool! What sort of music do you compose?	model: I got most inspired by Jazz and electro swings, but am trying to get more into jpop recently as one of my band member likes anime	human: Nice.... you are a rockstar! ;)	model: haha thanks, do you plan any instruments?	human: Yeah.... I play bit of guitar. Just got my first monitor this week	model: It has abt 20 obstacles like crossing high walls, monkey bars, etc. Its fun	human: yes, the bar chords are the worst. It took me several months to play them well. I still can't play them for a long time though
rand_replacement_38	human: Hi!	model: hello	human: how is the youtube video creation going?	model: going pretty good, I was about to finish composing my second song and post it on youtube/soundcloud etc	human: Whoa! Looking forward to listening to it. What softewares you use for it?	model: I used logic pro x, pretty handy stuff as you can write code to generate guitar strumming pattern	human: oh cool! What sort of music do you compose?	model: I got most inspired by Jazz and electro swings, but am trying to get more into jpop recently as one of my band member likes anime	human: I love Sur La Table and Macy's. They're decent quality. What do you normally buy at Old Navy?	model: haha thanks, do you plan any instruments?	human: Yeah.... I play bit of guitar. Just got my first monitor this week	model: nice I'm tyring to learn guitar recently also, it's so hard to play f chord	human: yes, the bar chords are the worst. It took me several months to play them well. I still can't play them for a long time though
rand_replacement_38	human: Hi!	model: hello	human: how is the youtube video creation going?	model: going pretty good, I was about to finish composing my second song and post it on youtube/soundcloud etc	human: Whoa! Looking forward to listening to it. What softewares you use for it?	model: I used logic pro x, pretty handy stuff as you can write code to generate guitar strumming pattern	human: I think so!! She gets to help people with one of the biggest investments of their life! Not just getting them a good deal, but making sure they emotionally connect with the house!	model: I got most inspired by Jazz and electro swings, but am trying to get more into jpop recently as one of my band member likes anime	human: Nice.... you are a rockstar! ;)	model: haha thanks, do you plan any instruments?	human: Yeah.... I play bit of guitar. Just got my first monitor this week	model: nice I'm tyring to learn guitar recently also, it's so hard to play f chord	human: yes, the bar chords are the worst. It took me several months to play them well. I still can't play them for a long time though
rand_replacement_38	human: That's good! What are you up to?	model: hello	human: how is the youtube video creation going?	model: going pretty good, I was about to finish composing my second song and post it on youtube/soundcloud etc	human: Whoa! Looking forward to listening to it. What softewares you use for it?	model: I used logic pro x, pretty handy stuff as you can write code to generate guitar strumming pattern	human: oh cool! What sort of music do you compose?	model: I got most inspired by Jazz and electro swings, but am trying to get more into jpop recently as one of my band member likes anime	human: Nice.... you are a rockstar! ;)	model: haha thanks, do you plan any instruments?	human: Yeah.... I play bit of guitar. Just got my first monitor this week	model: nice I'm tyring to learn guitar recently also, it's so hard to play f chord	human: yes, the bar chords are the worst. It took me several months to play them well. I still can't play them for a long time though
rand_replacement_38	human: I've seen better days, how about you?	model: hello	human: how is the youtube video creation going?	model: going pretty good, I was about to finish composing my second song and post it on youtube/soundcloud etc	human: Whoa! Looking forward to listening to it. What softewares you use for it?	model: I used logic pro x, pretty handy stuff as you can write code to generate guitar strumming pattern	human: oh cool! What sort of music do you compose?	model: I got most inspired by Jazz and electro swings, but am trying to get more into jpop recently as one of my band member likes anime	human: Nice.... you are a rockstar! ;)	model: haha thanks, do you plan any instruments?	human: Yeah.... I play bit of guitar. Just got my first monitor this week	model: nice I'm tyring to learn guitar recently also, it's so hard to play f chord	human: yes, the bar chords are the worst. It took me several months to play them well. I still can't play them for a long time though
rand_replacement_39	human: Hi!	model: Hello. How's your week coming along?	human: It's great, thanks. I'm trying to learn how to make croissants.	model: Wow that's interesting. I have baked cookies, but croissants seem much more sophisticated. Did you make any progress?	human: I've done them once or twice so far, but they haven't been flakey enough. I'm trying to figure out why. What kind of cookies have you made?	model: ziplining?	human: Ah, good thought, thanks!	model: Have you thought about melting some chocolate into your croissants? They don't have to be something unhealthy. For example, melted dark chocolate is good for the heart, and makes the resulting croissants taste much better.	human: Now that is a good idea. I'll give it a try next time. Would you say you have a sweet tooth?
rand_replacement_39	human: Hi!	model: Hello. How's your week coming along?	human: It's great, thanks. I'm trying to learn how to make croissants.	model: Wow that's interesting. I have baked cookies, but croissants seem much more sophisticated. Did you make any progress?	human: I've done them once or twice so far, but they haven't been flakey enough. I'm trying to figure out why. What kind of cookies have you made?	model: Good. My wallet is recovering from the spending of the holidays, haha. Hbu?	human: Ah, good thought, thanks!	model: Have you thought about melting some chocolate into your croissants? They don't have to be something unhealthy. For example, melted dark chocolate is good for the heart, and makes the resulting croissants taste much better.	human: Now that is a good idea. I'll give it a try next time. Would you say you have a sweet tooth?
rand_replacement_39	human: Hi!	model: Hello. How's your week coming along?	human: It's great, thanks. I'm trying to learn how to make croissants.	model: It's great, thanks. I'm trying to learn how to make croissants.	human: I've done them once or twice so far, but they haven't been flakey enough. I'm trying to figure out why. What kind of cookies have you made?	model: Mint chocolate chips. I think your croissants not being flakey could have something to do with your oven's temperature.	human: Ah, good thought, thanks!	model: Have you thought about melting some chocolate into your croissants? They don't have to be something unhealthy. For example, melted dark chocolate is good for the heart, and makes the resulting croissants taste much better.	human: Now that is a good idea. I'll give it a try next time. Would you say you have a sweet tooth?
rand_replacement_39	human: Hi!	model: Hello. How's your week coming along?	human: It's great, thanks. I'm trying to learn how to make croissants.	model: Wow that's interesting. I have baked cookies, but croissants seem much more sophisticated. Did you make any progress?	human: I've done them once or twice so far, but they haven't been flakey enough. I'm trying to figure out why. What kind of cookies have you made?	model: Mint chocolate chips. I think your croissants not being flakey could have something to do with your oven's temperature.	human: Hyderabad! and Bangalore! Great food in both cities! Is it still hot this time of year?	model: Have you thought about melting some chocolate into your croissants? They don't have to be something unhealthy. For example, melted dark chocolate is good for the heart, and makes the resulting croissants taste much better.	human: Now that is a good idea. I'll give it a try next time. Would you say you have a sweet tooth?
rand_replacement_39	human: Hi!	model: Hello. How's your week coming along?	human: It's great, thanks. I'm trying to learn how to make croissants.	model: Hi! How's it going?	human: I've done them once or twice so far, but they haven't been flakey enough. I'm trying to figure out why. What kind of cookies have you made?	model: Mint chocolate chips. I think your croissants not being flakey could have something to do with your oven's temperature.	human: Ah, good thought, thanks!	model: Have you thought about melting some chocolate into your croissants? They don't have to be something unhealthy. For example, melted dark chocolate is good for the heart, and makes the resulting croissants taste much better.	human: Now that is a good idea. I'll give it a try next time. Would you say you have a sweet tooth?
