rand_replacement_00	human: Hi!	model: Hi there.	human: What are you listening to?	model: how is the youtube video creation going?	human: That's great!	model: Thanks.	human: Do you chat here often?	model: I like noodle soup like Pho or Ramen. I also like Beijing duck a lot!	human: Let's talk about Taylor Swift!	model: Sure, Taylor Swift sounds like a good topic.	human: . Yes she has a very nice voice.	model: What else do you think of her?	human: . Yes she has a very nice voice.	model: Is she your favorite artist?	human: . Leonardo da Vinci. Who is your favourite artist?	model: Taylor Swift...	human: . Taylor Alison Swift (born December 13, 1989) is an American country-pop singer-songwriter. In 2006, she released her debut single "Tim McGraw", which peaked at number six on the Billboard country charts. Later in October 2006, she released her self-titled debut album, which produced five hit singles on the Billboard Hot Country Songs charts and was certified 3 x Multi-Platinum by the RIAA.
rand_replacement_00	human: Hi!	model: What about the rest of the day?	human: What are you listening to?	model: All sorts of music. I listen when no-one is chatting to me.	human: That's great!	model: Thanks.	human: Do you chat here often?	model: I am a talking computer, after all, so of course I could talk here, if I needed to.	human: Let's talk about Taylor Swift!	model: Sure, Taylor Swift sounds like a good topic.	human: . Yes she has a very nice voice.	model: New york! Nice! Best place to live :) .. right, except for the cold!	human: . Yes she has a very nice voice.	model: Is she your favorite artist?	human: . Leonardo da Vinci. Who is your favourite artist?	model: Taylor Swift...	human: . Taylor Alison Swift (born December 13, 1989) is an American country-pop singer-songwriter. In 2006, she released her debut single "Tim McGraw", which peaked at number six on the Billboard country charts. Later in October 2006, she released her self-titled debut album, which produced five hit singles on the Billboard Hot Country Songs charts and was certified 3 x Multi-Platinum by the RIAA.
rand_replacement_00	human: Hi!	model: Well, in my book, I took inspiration for the 24 days of Advent, and put together a workbook that you fill out each day for 24 days. It goes through accomplishments, passions, understanding, forgiveness, with each day a different theme.	human: What are you listening to?	model: Same here. What are you generally up to during the week?	human: That's great!	model: Thanks.	human: Do you chat here often?	model: I am a talking computer, after all, so of course I could talk here, if I needed to.	human: Let's talk about Taylor Swift!	model: Sure, Taylor Swift sounds like a good topic.	human: . Yes she has a very nice voice.	model: What else do you think of her?	human: . Yes she has a very nice voice.	model: Is she your favorite artist?	human: . Leonardo da Vinci. Who is your favourite artist?	model: Taylor Swift...	human: . Taylor Alison Swift (born December 13, 1989) is an American country-pop singer-songwriter. In 2006, she released her debut single "Tim McGraw", which peaked at number six on the Billboard country charts. Later in October 2006, she released her self-titled debut album, which produced five hit singles on the Billboard Hot Country Songs charts and was certified 3 x Multi-Platinum by the RIAA.
rand_replacement_00	human: Hi!	model: Hi there.	human: What are you listening to?	model: Yes. Laos and Cambodia are the two neighboring countries. Cambodia has an exotic culture. They sell spiders, scorpions, and grasshoppers as street food! It took a lot of courage for me to try them.	human: That's great!	model: Hi! What's up?	human: Do you chat here often?	model: I am a talking computer, after all, so of course I could talk here, if I needed to.	human: Let's talk about Taylor Swift!	model: Sure, Taylor Swift sounds like a good topic.	human: . Yes she has a very nice voice.	model: What else do you think of her?	human: . Yes she has a very nice voice.	model: Is she your favorite artist?	human: . Leonardo da Vinci. Who is your favourite artist?	model: Taylor Swift...	human: . Taylor Alison Swift (born December 13, 1989) is an American country-pop singer-songwriter. In 2006, she released her debut single "Tim McGraw", which peaked at number six on the Billboard country charts. Later in October 2006, she released her self-titled debut album, which produced five hit singles on the Billboard Hot Country Songs charts and was certified 3 x Multi-Platinum by the RIAA.
rand_replacement_00	human: Hi!	model: Hi there.	human: What are you listening to?	model: All sorts of music. I listen when no-one is chatting to me.	human: That's great!	model: Thanks.	human: Do you chat here often?	model: True about that! I also think time helps to heal certain situations. So may be doing nothing is the best way forward.	human: Let's talk about Taylor Swift!	model: Sure, Taylor Swift sounds like a good topic.	human: . Yes she has a very nice voice.	model: What else do you think of her?	human: . Yes she has a very nice voice.	model: I like noodle soup like Pho or Ramen. I also like Beijing duck a lot!	human: . Leonardo da Vinci. Who is your favourite artist?	model: Taylor Swift...	human: . Taylor Alison Swift (born December 13, 1989) is an American country-pop singer-songwriter. In 2006, she released her debut single "Tim McGraw", which peaked at number six on the Billboard country charts. Later in October 2006, she released her self-titled debut album, which produced five hit singles on the Billboard Hot Country Songs charts and was certified 3 x Multi-Platinum by the RIAA.
rand_replacement_01	human: Hi!	model: I hope they do. Getting older already means smaller circles. It sucks to lose friends for arbitrary reasons. That's good advice though. I fear raising the issue might sound like treason. Lol.	human: Haha...thanks! how did you like the gift?	model: Currently unpacking it I guess. How's your morning?	human: Hope you like it! Morning is good. Busy finishing up stuff before the holidays.	model: haha, everyone needs that!	human: Yes	model: Where to?	human: Hawaii... looking forward to warm beaches.
rand_replacement_01	human: Hi!	model: Do you have a favourite flower?	human: Haha...thanks! how did you like the gift?	model: Currently unpacking it I guess. How's your morning?	human: Hope you like it! Morning is good. Busy finishing up stuff before the holidays.	model: Skiing involves a lot of muscle - especially in the legs so it is a workout. Tubing, you just sit and enjoy the ride down. Also with tubing, you can chain with your friends and go down together whereas with skiing, you're trying to not run into your friends.	human: Yes	model: Where to?	human: Hawaii... looking forward to warm beaches.
rand_replacement_01	human: Hi!	model: Hi. This is a pleasant surprise.	human: Haha...thanks! how did you like the gift?	model: Hey there! How are you?	human: Hope you like it! Morning is good. Busy finishing up stuff before the holidays.	model: That's good! What are you up to?	human: Yes	model: Where to?	human: Hawaii... looking forward to warm beaches.
rand_replacement_01	human: Hi!	model: Hi. This is a pleasant surprise.	human: Haha...thanks! how did you like the gift?	model: They're in New York. How about yours?	human: Hope you like it! Morning is good. Busy finishing up stuff before the holidays.	model: Anyways, i guess we should better hurry up to get the goodies. I remember last time they ran out of it.	human: Yes	model: Where to?	human: Hawaii... looking forward to warm beaches.
rand_replacement_01	human: Hi!	model: Oh same here. I think relaxing at home should be counted among the best ways to enjoy the holidays.	human: Haha...thanks! how did you like the gift?	model: I hope they do. Getting older already means smaller circles. It sucks to lose friends for arbitrary reasons. That's good advice though. I fear raising the issue might sound like treason. Lol.	human: Hope you like it! Morning is good. Busy finishing up stuff before the holidays.	model: I think I traveled too much the last couple of months so no holiday for me. But I'm okay with that. Going anywhere exciting?	human: Yes	model: Where to?	human: Hawaii... looking forward to warm beaches.
rand_replacement_02	human: Hi!	model: Okay, top three flavors?	human: It's good. It's raining a bit, but I am enjoying a good book. How about you?	model: It's good, I just got back from walking my dog What book did you read?	human: I'm reading the Three Body Problem. Ever heard of it?	model: No, what is it about?	human: It's a sci-fi book about aliens and a type of virtual reality. Pique your interest at all?	model: Slightly, I typically read fiction but I can curious what type of virtual reality is discussed in the book	human: Cool. This virtual reality is a based on life on an alien planet. There is a twist though. Do you want me to spoil it for you?	model: Ahh what city? I've visited India before.	human: The virtual reality is actually based on a real alien civilization! And that civilization is coming to attack earth! dun dun dun dunnnnnnn
rand_replacement_02	human: Hi!	model: Hello, how is your day?	human: It's good. It's raining a bit, but I am enjoying a good book. How about you?	model: We created a scholarship for leaders from REDACTED_TERM to visit an international institute at REDACTED_TERM for which there was no African representation. During the program, we also did a lot of coaching with the young leaders. This book captures a bit of that journey that we are all on, and also all the proceeds are going to fund next year's cohort. 	human: I'm reading the Three Body Problem. Ever heard of it?	model: No, what is it about?	human: It's a sci-fi book about aliens and a type of virtual reality. Pique your interest at all?	model: Slightly, I typically read fiction but I can curious what type of virtual reality is discussed in the book	human: Cool. This virtual reality is a based on life on an alien planet. There is a twist though. Do you want me to spoil it for you?	model: Hope you like it! Morning is good. Busy finishing up stuff before the holidays.	human: The virtual reality is actually based on a real alien civilization! And that civilization is coming to attack earth! dun dun dun dunnnnnnn
rand_replacement_02	human: Hi!	model: Hello, how is your day?	human: It's good. It's raining a bit, but I am enjoying a good book. How about you?	model: It's good, I just got back from walking my dog What book did you read?	human: I'm reading the Three Body Problem. Ever heard of it?	model: Hmmmm. I really want to try bull riding. Do you have any interest in that?	human: It's a sci-fi book about aliens and a type of virtual reality. Pique your interest at all?	model: what kind of music do you like?	human: Cool. This virtual reality is a based on life on an alien planet. There is a twist though. Do you want me to spoil it for you?	model: Yes!	human: The virtual reality is actually based on a real alien civilization! And that civilization is coming to attack earth! dun dun dun dunnnnnnn
rand_replacement_02	human: Hi!	model: Hyderabad, it is a beautiful city in the southern part of India. Which cities have you gone to in India?	human: It's good. It's raining a bit, but I am enjoying a good book. How about you?	model: It's good, I just got back from walking my dog What book did you read?	human: I'm reading the Three Body Problem. Ever heard of it?	model: Right, I guess that's because there is no one answer to this. It depends on what you value more and some factors around you. Also, life won't be interesting if others are figuring things out for you ;)	human: It's a sci-fi book about aliens and a type of virtual reality. Pique your interest at all?	model: Slightly, I typically read fiction but I can curious what type of virtual reality is discussed in the book	human: Cool. This virtual reality is a based on life on an alien planet. There is a twist though. Do you want me to spoil it for you?	model: Yes!	human: The virtual reality is actually based on a real alien civilization! And that civilization is coming to attack earth! dun dun dun dunnnnnnn
rand_replacement_02	human: Hi!	model: What part of the world are you in, if you don't mind my asking?	human: It's good. It's raining a bit, but I am enjoying a good book. How about you?	model: It's good, I just got back from walking my dog What book did you read?	human: I'm reading the Three Body Problem. Ever heard of it?	model: No, what is it about?	human: It's a sci-fi book about aliens and a type of virtual reality. Pique your interest at all?	model: Slightly, I typically read fiction but I can curious what type of virtual reality is discussed in the book	human: Cool. This virtual reality is a based on life on an alien planet. There is a twist though. Do you want me to spoil it for you?	model: What are you listening to?	human: The virtual reality is actually based on a real alien civilization! And that civilization is coming to attack earth! dun dun dun dunnnnnnn
rand_replacement_03	human: Hi!	model: Hello! How are you? :)	human: I'm doing okay, recovering from flu	model: Oh no! Get well soon! :)	human: thanks! there's a big flu virus in the US this year	model: What part of the world are you in, if you don't mind my asking?	human: Thanks! how's life?	model: Life is great! :)	human: what are you most passionate about?	model: What day is it?	human: haha, everyone needs that!
rand_replacement_03	human: Hi!	model: I got most inspired by Jazz and electro swings, but am trying to get more into jpop recently as one of my band member likes anime	human: I'm doing okay, recovering from flu	model: Oh no! Get well soon! :)	human: thanks! there's a big flu virus in the US this year	model: No kidding? I hadn't heard that. I hope you feel better soon then! :)	human: Thanks! how's life?	model: I'm in Arizona.	human: what are you most passionate about?	model: I'm passionate about making people smile! :)	human: haha, everyone needs that!
rand_replacement_03	human: Hi!	model: Hello! How are you? :)	human: I'm doing okay, recovering from flu	model: You're welcome! I hope you feel better soon!	human: thanks! there's a big flu virus in the US this year	model: No kidding? I hadn't heard that. I hope you feel better soon then! :)	human: Thanks! how's life?	model: I'm great, thanks. I'm getting ready for a skydiving lesson.	human: what are you most passionate about?	model: I'm passionate about making people smile! :)	human: haha, everyone needs that!
rand_replacement_03	human: Hi!	model: Hello! How are you? :)	human: I'm doing okay, recovering from flu	model: Oh no! Get well soon! :)	human: thanks! there's a big flu virus in the US this year	model: Oh no! I hope you feel better!  ⁇	human: Thanks! how's life?	model: Life is great! :)	human: what are you most passionate about?	model: That's a tough scenario to be in :) I firmly believe in talking this through with your partner. Though i don't know the specifics of why things went bad between your partner and his friend, but I believe things can always improve between friends.	human: haha, everyone needs that!
rand_replacement_03	human: Hi!	model: I'm good I'm good. What's getting you down?	human: I'm doing okay, recovering from flu	model: Busy but good. What are you busy with?	human: thanks! there's a big flu virus in the US this year	model: No kidding? I hadn't heard that. I hope you feel better soon then! :)	human: Thanks! how's life?	model: Life is great! :)	human: what are you most passionate about?	model: I'm passionate about making people smile! :)	human: haha, everyone needs that!
rand_replacement_04	human: Hi!	model: Likewise.... wanted to know if you and the kids would want to join us for Disneyland trip around Christmas?	human: Nothing much, how you doin?	model: What do you want to be later on in your life?	human: Oh wow! Sounds like fun! When was the last time you had seen this friend?	model: The last time in New York, back in June.	human: Ohh okay. I was going to say if it had been a long time maybe it'd be awkward...	model: Haha, I guess if it's been a very long time there's almost too many life events to catch up on.. especially recently	human: Oh really? Has a lot changed in your life recently?	model: Haha it's probably too much to go into at the moment. Let's just say life is an exciting experience. How about you?	human: Ahhh sounds exciting indeed! My life is pretty bland. I like routine, but sometimes I wish I had more time for adventures!	model: What kinds of adventures?? Any ones that I would be able to join you on?	human: Hmmmm. I really want to try bull riding. Do you have any interest in that?
rand_replacement_04	human: Hi!	model: Hey there! What's up???	human: Nothing much, how you doin?	model: hello	human: Oh wow! Sounds like fun! When was the last time you had seen this friend?	model: The last time in New York, back in June.	human: Ohh okay. I was going to say if it had been a long time maybe it'd be awkward...	model: Haha, I guess if it's been a very long time there's almost too many life events to catch up on.. especially recently	human: Oh really? Has a lot changed in your life recently?	model: yes, the bar chords are the worst. It took me several months to play them well. I still can't play them for a long time though	human: Ahhh sounds exciting indeed! My life is pretty bland. I like routine, but sometimes I wish I had more time for adventures!	model: What kinds of adventures?? Any ones that I would be able to join you on?	human: Hmmmm. I really want to try bull riding. Do you have any interest in that?
rand_replacement_04	human: Hi!	model: Hey there! What's up???	human: Nothing much, how you doin?	model: I'm in New York this week for Thanksgiving. I'm squatting in the office today and I caught up with an old friend of mine :D	human: Oh wow! Sounds like fun! When was the last time you had seen this friend?	model: never heard about them	human: Ohh okay. I was going to say if it had been a long time maybe it'd be awkward...	model: Haha, I guess if it's been a very long time there's almost too many life events to catch up on.. especially recently	human: Oh really? Has a lot changed in your life recently?	model: what are you up to?	human: Ahhh sounds exciting indeed! My life is pretty bland. I like routine, but sometimes I wish I had more time for adventures!	model: What kinds of adventures?? Any ones that I would be able to join you on?	human: Hmmmm. I really want to try bull riding. Do you have any interest in that?
rand_replacement_04	human: Hi!	model: Hey there! What's up???	human: Nothing much, how you doin?	model: I'm in New York this week for Thanksgiving. I'm squatting in the office today and I caught up with an old friend of mine :D	human: Oh wow! Sounds like fun! When was the last time you had seen this friend?	model: The last time in New York, back in June.	human: Ohh okay. I was going to say if it had been a long time maybe it'd be awkward...	model: Well, I hope it's at least fun.	human: Oh really? Has a lot changed in your life recently?	model: any improvements in your marathon time?	human: Ahhh sounds exciting indeed! My life is pretty bland. I like routine, but sometimes I wish I had more time for adventures!	model: What kinds of adventures?? Any ones that I would be able to join you on?	human: Hmmmm. I really want to try bull riding. Do you have any interest in that?
rand_replacement_04	human: Hi!	model: Hey there! What's up???	human: Nothing much, how you doin?	model: I'm in New York this week for Thanksgiving. I'm squatting in the office today and I caught up with an old friend of mine :D	human: Oh wow! Sounds like fun! When was the last time you had seen this friend?	model: The last time in New York, back in June.	human: Ohh okay. I was going to say if it had been a long time maybe it'd be awkward...	model: Haha, I guess if it's been a very long time there's almost too many life events to catch up on.. especially recently	human: Oh really? Has a lot changed in your life recently?	model: I'm not doing much today	human: Ahhh sounds exciting indeed! My life is pretty bland. I like routine, but sometimes I wish I had more time for adventures!	model: I think I traveled too much the last couple of months so no holiday for me. But I'm okay with that. Going anywhere exciting?	human: Hmmmm. I really want to try bull riding. Do you have any interest in that?
rand_replacement_05	human: Hi!	model: Have you seen any good movies lately?	human: Last weekend I saw "The Parasite." Ever heard of it?	model: No. Why did you pick that movie?	human: My friend wanted to see it. It has great reviews on IMDB and Rotten Tomatoes! What did you do last weekend?	model: Ah, well good luck with that!	human: Oooo the Mandalorian?!?!	model: Mostly, the deleted scenes from Avengers.. lol	human: lol Are you a big Marvel fan?	model: I loved the X-Men as a kid, and even collected the comic cards. Recently, I got very into the Marvel Cinematic Universe movies. How many Avengers movies have you seen?	human: I've only seen Spiderman. Honestly it was a little too scary and so I don't think I can bring myself to watch the other Marvel movies! haha	model: Pretty good. I just drank this new hint water. so good	human: Oh really? To be honest I think the actor is not that good looking, so not so surprising! haha	model: Yea. I think Loki is the most handsome :D	human: Who is Loki? I've never heard that name before
rand_replacement_05	human: Hi!	model: Oh cool! Do you like it?	human: Last weekend I saw "The Parasite." Ever heard of it?	model: No. Why did you pick that movie?	human: My friend wanted to see it. It has great reviews on IMDB and Rotten Tomatoes! What did you do last weekend?	model: I just need to relax	human: Oooo the Mandalorian?!?!	model: Mostly, the deleted scenes from Avengers.. lol	human: lol Are you a big Marvel fan?	model: I loved the X-Men as a kid, and even collected the comic cards. Recently, I got very into the Marvel Cinematic Universe movies. How many Avengers movies have you seen?	human: I've only seen Spiderman. Honestly it was a little too scary and so I don't think I can bring myself to watch the other Marvel movies! haha	model: Oh!-- I have a friend who looks like the actor who plays Spiderman.	human: Oh really? To be honest I think the actor is not that good looking, so not so surprising! haha	model: Yea. I think Loki is the most handsome :D	human: Who is Loki? I've never heard that name before
rand_replacement_05	human: Hi!	model: Lol. I'm finna be single.	human: Last weekend I saw "The Parasite." Ever heard of it?	model: No. Why did you pick that movie?	human: My friend wanted to see it. It has great reviews on IMDB and Rotten Tomatoes! What did you do last weekend?	model: I played music and worked on some side projects. I also started watching the new Disney service.	human: Oooo the Mandalorian?!?!	model: yeah. keep minimalist life style only do things you have to do :)	human: lol Are you a big Marvel fan?	model: I loved the X-Men as a kid, and even collected the comic cards. Recently, I got very into the Marvel Cinematic Universe movies. How many Avengers movies have you seen?	human: I've only seen Spiderman. Honestly it was a little too scary and so I don't think I can bring myself to watch the other Marvel movies! haha	model: Oh!-- I have a friend who looks like the actor who plays Spiderman.	human: Oh really? To be honest I think the actor is not that good looking, so not so surprising! haha	model: Yea. I think Loki is the most handsome :D	human: Who is Loki? I've never heard that name before
rand_replacement_05	human: Hi!	model: I hope they do. Getting older already means smaller circles. It sucks to lose friends for arbitrary reasons. That's good advice though. I fear raising the issue might sound like treason. Lol.	human: Last weekend I saw "The Parasite." Ever heard of it?	model: No. Why did you pick that movie?	human: My friend wanted to see it. It has great reviews on IMDB and Rotten Tomatoes! What did you do last weekend?	model: what are you most passionate about?	human: Oooo the Mandalorian?!?!	model: Mostly, the deleted scenes from Avengers.. lol	human: lol Are you a big Marvel fan?	model: I loved the X-Men as a kid, and even collected the comic cards. Recently, I got very into the Marvel Cinematic Universe movies. How many Avengers movies have you seen?	human: I've only seen Spiderman. Honestly it was a little too scary and so I don't think I can bring myself to watch the other Marvel movies! haha	model: Oh!-- I have a friend who looks like the actor who plays Spiderman.	human: Oh really? To be honest I think the actor is not that good looking, so not so surprising! haha	model: Yea. I think Loki is the most handsome :D	human: Who is Loki? I've never heard that name before
rand_replacement_05	human: Hi!	model: oh, I'm enjoying a sip of coffee, looking over the ocean. what book are you reading?	human: Last weekend I saw "The Parasite." Ever heard of it?	model: No. Why did you pick that movie?	human: My friend wanted to see it. It has great reviews on IMDB and Rotten Tomatoes! What did you do last weekend?	model: Well, in my book, I took inspiration for the 24 days of Advent, and put together a workbook that you fill out each day for 24 days. It goes through accomplishments, passions, understanding, forgiveness, with each day a different theme.	human: Oooo the Mandalorian?!?!	model: Mostly, the deleted scenes from Avengers.. lol	human: lol Are you a big Marvel fan?	model: I loved the X-Men as a kid, and even collected the comic cards. Recently, I got very into the Marvel Cinematic Universe movies. How many Avengers movies have you seen?	human: I've only seen Spiderman. Honestly it was a little too scary and so I don't think I can bring myself to watch the other Marvel movies! haha	model: Oh!-- I have a friend who looks like the actor who plays Spiderman.	human: Oh really? To be honest I think the actor is not that good looking, so not so surprising! haha	model: Yea. I think Loki is the most handsome :D	human: Who is Loki? I've never heard that name before
rand_replacement_06	human: Hi!	model: Oh hello. Long time no talk. How's the day going for yuo?	human: Very well, thanks for asking. How has your day been?	model: Getting better. I just recovered from a cold. I got wet in the rain last week. Are you planning anything for the holidays?	human: Glad to hear you're better. Sorry to hear you were sick. I was sick a couple of weeks ago with a bad cough. There's definitely a bug going around. Admit I just want to stay healthy for the holidays and plan to relax.	model: Oh same here. I think relaxing at home should be counted among the best ways to enjoy the holidays.	human: Definitely! I know a lot of folks travel for the holidays, but I'm happy to stay home myself!	model: I'm getting there. Every year until last year, I tried to go somewhere for the Christmas / New Year, and then I got bored traveling. lol not sure if that means I'm getting old?	human: Me too. Now I have folks come visit me for the holidays! But that's also tiresome..	model: Hello! How was your day?	human: Yes! We set up an eco-friendly (i.e. fake) Christmas tree and put up some colorful LED lights which is very festive.	model: What kind of job do you have, if you don't mind me asking?	human: Buying a tree is a neat experience. I was torn between buying an artificial/eco-friendly/fake one vs. a real one that smells like fresh pine. In the end, we opted for the one that we can disassemble every year.	model: I see. Artificial anything is better, from tree to intelligence, huh?	human: Oh, very clever pun! I like it! Depends. I remember having real Christmas trees from childhood, but these days with climate change, I think not chopping down a tree just to decorate it and then throw it out in a month is the more responsible thing to do.	model: I see. It's probably also cheaper. I'll buy an artificial one too. Do you have any suggestions for the store?	human: Admit my favorite store is Target, plus they often have good deals.
rand_replacement_06	human: Hi!	model: Oh hello. Long time no talk. How's the day going for yuo?	human: Very well, thanks for asking. How has your day been?	model: these are important things to do in life ;)	human: Glad to hear you're better. Sorry to hear you were sick. I was sick a couple of weeks ago with a bad cough. There's definitely a bug going around. Admit I just want to stay healthy for the holidays and plan to relax.	model: Oh same here. I think relaxing at home should be counted among the best ways to enjoy the holidays.	human: Definitely! I know a lot of folks travel for the holidays, but I'm happy to stay home myself!	model: I'm getting there. Every year until last year, I tried to go somewhere for the Christmas / New Year, and then I got bored traveling. lol not sure if that means I'm getting old?	human: Me too. Now I have folks come visit me for the holidays! But that's also tiresome..	model: Are you doing any home decorating then?	human: Yes! We set up an eco-friendly (i.e. fake) Christmas tree and put up some colorful LED lights which is very festive.	model: I think I'm copying you. Me and my wife plan to decorate and Christmas tree too. We bought most of the decorative stuffs from the stores, but haven't yet to buy the tree.	human: Buying a tree is a neat experience. I was torn between buying an artificial/eco-friendly/fake one vs. a real one that smells like fresh pine. In the end, we opted for the one that we can disassemble every year.	model: going pretty good, I was about to finish composing my second song and post it on youtube/soundcloud etc	human: Oh, very clever pun! I like it! Depends. I remember having real Christmas trees from childhood, but these days with climate change, I think not chopping down a tree just to decorate it and then throw it out in a month is the more responsible thing to do.	model: I see. It's probably also cheaper. I'll buy an artificial one too. Do you have any suggestions for the store?	human: Admit my favorite store is Target, plus they often have good deals.
rand_replacement_06	human: Hi!	model: Oh hello. Long time no talk. How's the day going for yuo?	human: Very well, thanks for asking. How has your day been?	model: Getting better. I just recovered from a cold. I got wet in the rain last week. Are you planning anything for the holidays?	human: Glad to hear you're better. Sorry to hear you were sick. I was sick a couple of weeks ago with a bad cough. There's definitely a bug going around. Admit I just want to stay healthy for the holidays and plan to relax.	model: Oh same here. I think relaxing at home should be counted among the best ways to enjoy the holidays.	human: Definitely! I know a lot of folks travel for the holidays, but I'm happy to stay home myself!	model: Very nice. I love sorbet's and smoothies. Changing topics, Do you believe in an afterlife?	human: Me too. Now I have folks come visit me for the holidays! But that's also tiresome..	model: Are you doing any home decorating then?	human: Yes! We set up an eco-friendly (i.e. fake) Christmas tree and put up some colorful LED lights which is very festive.	model: Okay, top three flavors?	human: Buying a tree is a neat experience. I was torn between buying an artificial/eco-friendly/fake one vs. a real one that smells like fresh pine. In the end, we opted for the one that we can disassemble every year.	model: I see. Artificial anything is better, from tree to intelligence, huh?	human: Oh, very clever pun! I like it! Depends. I remember having real Christmas trees from childhood, but these days with climate change, I think not chopping down a tree just to decorate it and then throw it out in a month is the more responsible thing to do.	model: I see. It's probably also cheaper. I'll buy an artificial one too. Do you have any suggestions for the store?	human: Admit my favorite store is Target, plus they often have good deals.
rand_replacement_06	human: Hi!	model: Oh hello. Long time no talk. How's the day going for yuo?	human: Very well, thanks for asking. How has your day been?	model: Getting better. I just recovered from a cold. I got wet in the rain last week. Are you planning anything for the holidays?	human: Glad to hear you're better. Sorry to hear you were sick. I was sick a couple of weeks ago with a bad cough. There's definitely a bug going around. Admit I just want to stay healthy for the holidays and plan to relax.	model: haha, everyone needs that!	human: Definitely! I know a lot of folks travel for the holidays, but I'm happy to stay home myself!	model: I'm getting there. Every year until last year, I tried to go somewhere for the Christmas / New Year, and then I got bored traveling. lol not sure if that means I'm getting old?	human: Me too. Now I have folks come visit me for the holidays! But that's also tiresome..	model: where did you do it?	human: Yes! We set up an eco-friendly (i.e. fake) Christmas tree and put up some colorful LED lights which is very festive.	model: I think I'm copying you. Me and my wife plan to decorate and Christmas tree too. We bought most of the decorative stuffs from the stores, but haven't yet to buy the tree.	human: Buying a tree is a neat experience. I was torn between buying an artificial/eco-friendly/fake one vs. a real one that smells like fresh pine. In the end, we opted for the one that we can disassemble every year.	model: I see. Artificial anything is better, from tree to intelligence, huh?	human: Oh, very clever pun! I like it! Depends. I remember having real Christmas trees from childhood, but these days with climate change, I think not chopping down a tree just to decorate it and then throw it out in a month is the more responsible thing to do.	model: I see. It's probably also cheaper. I'll buy an artificial one too. Do you have any suggestions for the store?	human: Admit my favorite store is Target, plus they often have good deals.
rand_replacement_06	human: Hi!	model: Oh hello. Long time no talk. How's the day going for yuo?	human: Very well, thanks for asking. How has your day been?	model: Getting better. I just recovered from a cold. I got wet in the rain last week. Are you planning anything for the holidays?	human: Glad to hear you're better. Sorry to hear you were sick. I was sick a couple of weeks ago with a bad cough. There's definitely a bug going around. Admit I just want to stay healthy for the holidays and plan to relax.	model: Thanks! Do you work as well?	human: Definitely! I know a lot of folks travel for the holidays, but I'm happy to stay home myself!	model: Hey there! How are you?	human: Me too. Now I have folks come visit me for the holidays! But that's also tiresome..	model: Are you doing any home decorating then?	human: Yes! We set up an eco-friendly (i.e. fake) Christmas tree and put up some colorful LED lights which is very festive.	model: I think I'm copying you. Me and my wife plan to decorate and Christmas tree too. We bought most of the decorative stuffs from the stores, but haven't yet to buy the tree.	human: Buying a tree is a neat experience. I was torn between buying an artificial/eco-friendly/fake one vs. a real one that smells like fresh pine. In the end, we opted for the one that we can disassemble every year.	model: I see. Artificial anything is better, from tree to intelligence, huh?	human: Oh, very clever pun! I like it! Depends. I remember having real Christmas trees from childhood, but these days with climate change, I think not chopping down a tree just to decorate it and then throw it out in a month is the more responsible thing to do.	model: I see. It's probably also cheaper. I'll buy an artificial one too. Do you have any suggestions for the store?	human: Admit my favorite store is Target, plus they often have good deals.
rand_replacement_07	human: Hi!	model: hey, what's up?	human: How was the trip last weekend?	model: Kind of I think	human: Nice, what all places did you cover?	model: Vietnam and Hongkong :) did you go any where last weekend?	human: I am actually attending cooking classes over the weekends.	model: ha! that sounds fund. what did you learn?	human: True! they started with some basic zucchini based dish. We may try cooking some italian dish later this week.	model: I love Italian, especially Pasta!	human: Nice! I hope to volunteer to cook for the team in our next team offsite :)	model: I am looking to save money on any future shopping. Where do you like to shop?	human: Sure, I will love to invite you and your family for a meal over the holidays. Have you guys made any other plans?
rand_replacement_07	human: Hi!	model: hey, what's up?	human: How was the trip last weekend?	model: haha, everyone needs that!	human: Nice, what all places did you cover?	model: Vietnam and Hongkong :) did you go any where last weekend?	human: I am actually attending cooking classes over the weekends.	model: ha! that sounds fund. what did you learn?	human: True! they started with some basic zucchini based dish. We may try cooking some italian dish later this week.	model: I love Italian, especially Pasta!	human: Nice! I hope to volunteer to cook for the team in our next team offsite :)	model: The virtual reality is actually based on a real alien civilization! And that civilization is coming to attack earth! dun dun dun dunnnnnnn	human: Sure, I will love to invite you and your family for a meal over the holidays. Have you guys made any other plans?
rand_replacement_07	human: Hi!	model: hey, what's up?	human: How was the trip last weekend?	model: Taylor Swift...	human: Nice, what all places did you cover?	model: Vietnam and Hongkong :) did you go any where last weekend?	human: I am actually attending cooking classes over the weekends.	model: ha! that sounds fund. what did you learn?	human: True! they started with some basic zucchini based dish. We may try cooking some italian dish later this week.	model: I love Italian, especially Pasta!	human: Nice! I hope to volunteer to cook for the team in our next team offsite :)	model: I like to shop at Five Below, Sally's Beauty Supply, and Old Navy. How about you?	human: Sure, I will love to invite you and your family for a meal over the holidays. Have you guys made any other plans?
rand_replacement_07	human: Hi!	model: hey, what's up?	human: How was the trip last weekend?	model: it was really fun. I had a great time with my family.	human: Nice, what all places did you cover?	model: Vietnam and Hongkong :) did you go any where last weekend?	human: I am actually attending cooking classes over the weekends.	model: Ahh what city? I've visited India before.	human: True! they started with some basic zucchini based dish. We may try cooking some italian dish later this week.	model: I love Italian, especially Pasta!	human: Nice! I hope to volunteer to cook for the team in our next team offsite :)	model: Oh no! Get well soon! :)	human: Sure, I will love to invite you and your family for a meal over the holidays. Have you guys made any other plans?
rand_replacement_07	human: Hi!	model: Hey!	human: How was the trip last weekend?	model: I'm great, thanks. I'm getting ready for a skydiving lesson.	human: Nice, what all places did you cover?	model: Vietnam and Hongkong :) did you go any where last weekend?	human: I am actually attending cooking classes over the weekends.	model: ha! that sounds fund. what did you learn?	human: True! they started with some basic zucchini based dish. We may try cooking some italian dish later this week.	model: I love Italian, especially Pasta!	human: Nice! I hope to volunteer to cook for the team in our next team offsite :)	model: can't wait to try your food. why not cook this Thanksgiving? :)	human: Sure, I will love to invite you and your family for a meal over the holidays. Have you guys made any other plans?
rand_replacement_08	human: Hi!	model: Hey!	human: How's your day going?	model: Having fun, but have a bit of a headache How about you?	human: I'm good! Just getting ready to watch a basketball game. Hope your headache goes away!	model: Haha, thanks! Never get them, so it's super weird Who's playing?	human: Hmm, try taking some REDACTED_TERM! I'm going to see the Warriors vs. the Grizzlies. Ever see them play?	model: I haven't Honestly I probably wouldn't be able to identify which sport they played	human: Haha, all the animal names confuse me as well! Who came up with these naming conventions? I'd name my team something more original: The New York Chairs!	model: lol, sounds better to me :) I'm actually at the REDACTED_TERM opening remarks	human: Oh cool! What is "NeurIPS"?	model: Life is great! :)	human: Oh wow! Sounds fancy! What is that about?	model: Oh no! Get well soon! :)	human: Oh, ML?
rand_replacement_08	human: Hi!	model: Hey!	human: How's your day going?	model: yes, the bar chords are the worst. It took me several months to play them well. I still can't play them for a long time though	human: I'm good! Just getting ready to watch a basketball game. Hope your headache goes away!	model: Haha, thanks! Never get them, so it's super weird Who's playing?	human: Hmm, try taking some REDACTED_TERM! I'm going to see the Warriors vs. the Grizzlies. Ever see them play?	model: haha, forget it. what else do you like to do beside work?	human: Haha, all the animal names confuse me as well! Who came up with these naming conventions? I'd name my team something more original: The New York Chairs!	model: lol, sounds better to me :) I'm actually at the REDACTED_TERM opening remarks	human: Oh cool! What is "NeurIPS"?	model: Neural Information Processing Systems	human: Oh wow! Sounds fancy! What is that about?	model: It's the biggest ML conference in the world	human: Oh, ML?
rand_replacement_08	human: Hi!	model: Hey!	human: How's your day going?	model: Have you thought about melting some chocolate into your croissants? They don't have to be something unhealthy. For example, melted dark chocolate is good for the heart, and makes the resulting croissants taste much better.	human: I'm good! Just getting ready to watch a basketball game. Hope your headache goes away!	model: Haha, thanks! Never get them, so it's super weird Who's playing?	human: Hmm, try taking some REDACTED_TERM! I'm going to see the Warriors vs. the Grizzlies. Ever see them play?	model: I haven't Honestly I probably wouldn't be able to identify which sport they played	human: Haha, all the animal names confuse me as well! Who came up with these naming conventions? I'd name my team something more original: The New York Chairs!	model: lol, sounds better to me :) I'm actually at the REDACTED_TERM opening remarks	human: Oh cool! What is "NeurIPS"?	model: Neural Information Processing Systems	human: Oh wow! Sounds fancy! What is that about?	model: any places for day trip that you could recommend?	human: Oh, ML?
rand_replacement_08	human: Hi!	model: Hey!	human: How's your day going?	model: Having fun, but have a bit of a headache How about you?	human: I'm good! Just getting ready to watch a basketball game. Hope your headache goes away!	model: Haha, thanks! Never get them, so it's super weird Who's playing?	human: Hmm, try taking some REDACTED_TERM! I'm going to see the Warriors vs. the Grizzlies. Ever see them play?	model: I haven't Honestly I probably wouldn't be able to identify which sport they played	human: Haha, all the animal names confuse me as well! Who came up with these naming conventions? I'd name my team something more original: The New York Chairs!	model: Yes. I wonder if I'm in it right now. How would I know? What do you think?	human: Oh cool! What is "NeurIPS"?	model: Neural Information Processing Systems	human: Oh wow! Sounds fancy! What is that about?	model: I think ice-cream. It may not be good for me, but I wouldn't care, haha	human: Oh, ML?
rand_replacement_08	human: Hi!	model: Hey!	human: How's your day going?	model: Oh wow! Sounds like fun! When was the last time you had seen this friend?	human: I'm good! Just getting ready to watch a basketball game. Hope your headache goes away!	model: Haha, thanks! Never get them, so it's super weird Who's playing?	human: Hmm, try taking some REDACTED_TERM! I'm going to see the Warriors vs. the Grizzlies. Ever see them play?	model: never heard about them	human: Haha, all the animal names confuse me as well! Who came up with these naming conventions? I'd name my team something more original: The New York Chairs!	model: lol, sounds better to me :) I'm actually at the REDACTED_TERM opening remarks	human: Oh cool! What is "NeurIPS"?	model: Neural Information Processing Systems	human: Oh wow! Sounds fancy! What is that about?	model: It's the biggest ML conference in the world	human: Oh, ML?
rand_replacement_09	human: Hi!	model: Hi! How are you? :)	human: Sleepy, how are you?	model: I'm doing great how are you??	human: That's good! I got a good night's sleep too but the rain is keeping me in a sleepy state	model: Aw, sorry to hear that! I'd give you some of mine if I could!	human: Haha, thank you	model: You're welcome! I hope you feel better soon!	human: Thanks, that means a lot	model: Of course! I'm glad I could help!	human: What are you up to?	model: Talking to you!	human: What about the rest of the day?	model: Working! How about you?	human: Same, well hardly working	model: What part of the world are you in, if you don't mind my asking?	human: California	model: My mom had a similar dream. Of owning a coffee shop somewhere in Mexico	human: It's nice, I enjoy the warmth
rand_replacement_09	human: Hi!	model: Hi! How are you? :)	human: Sleepy, how are you?	model: I'm doing well! I actually got a good night's sleep last night, so that was nice! :D	human: That's good! I got a good night's sleep too but the rain is keeping me in a sleepy state	model: Aw, sorry to hear that! I'd give you some of mine if I could!	human: Haha, thank you	model: You're welcome! I hope you feel better soon!	human: Thanks, that means a lot	model: I just released a book on REDACTED_TERM to help people process the past 12 months and start the new year with a fresh outlook :)	human: What are you up to?	model: Talking to you!	human: What about the rest of the day?	model: Working! How about you?	human: Same, well hardly working	model: Pretty good. I just drank this new hint water. so good	human: California	model: Nice! How do you like living there?	human: It's nice, I enjoy the warmth
rand_replacement_09	human: Hi!	model: Hi! How are you? :)	human: Sleepy, how are you?	model: I'm at work.	human: That's good! I got a good night's sleep too but the rain is keeping me in a sleepy state	model: Aw, sorry to hear that! I'd give you some of mine if I could!	human: Haha, thank you	model: You're welcome! I hope you feel better soon!	human: Thanks, that means a lot	model: Of course! I'm glad I could help!	human: What are you up to?	model: I think a triathalon would be cool	human: What about the rest of the day?	model: Working! How about you?	human: Same, well hardly working	model: What part of the world are you in, if you don't mind my asking?	human: California	model: Nice! How do you like living there?	human: It's nice, I enjoy the warmth
rand_replacement_09	human: Hi!	model: Hi! How are you? :)	human: Sleepy, how are you?	model: I'm doing well! I actually got a good night's sleep last night, so that was nice! :D	human: That's good! I got a good night's sleep too but the rain is keeping me in a sleepy state	model: Aw, sorry to hear that! I'd give you some of mine if I could!	human: Haha, thank you	model: Currently unpacking it I guess. How's your morning?	human: Thanks, that means a lot	model: did you cook it at home, or got it from outside?	human: What are you up to?	model: Talking to you!	human: What about the rest of the day?	model: Working! How about you?	human: Same, well hardly working	model: What part of the world are you in, if you don't mind my asking?	human: California	model: Nice! How do you like living there?	human: It's nice, I enjoy the warmth
rand_replacement_09	human: Hi!	model: Hi! How are you? :)	human: Sleepy, how are you?	model: I'm doing well! I actually got a good night's sleep last night, so that was nice! :D	human: That's good! I got a good night's sleep too but the rain is keeping me in a sleepy state	model: Aw, sorry to hear that! I'd give you some of mine if I could!	human: Haha, thank you	model: You're welcome! I hope you feel better soon!	human: Thanks, that means a lot	model: Of course! I'm glad I could help!	human: What are you up to?	model: Talking to you!	human: What about the rest of the day?	model: Working! How about you?	human: Same, well hardly working	model: where are you?	human: California	model: Wow that's interesting. I have baked cookies, but croissants seem much more sophisticated. Did you make any progress?	human: It's nice, I enjoy the warmth
rand_replacement_10	human: Hi!	model: Hello! How's it going?	human: It's going pretty well. Thanks for asking.	model: That's good! What are you up to?	human: I'm not doing much today	model: Hi!	human: haha, I don't know about that	model: Well, I hope it's at least fun.	human: I just need to relax	model: It's the biggest ML conference in the world	human: What are you doing?	model: I'm just hanging out and listening to music.	human: what kind of music do you like?	model: I'm listening to a band called The Devil Wears Prada right now.	human: never heard about them
rand_replacement_10	human: Hi!	model: Hello! How's it going?	human: It's going pretty well. Thanks for asking.	model: That's good! What are you up to?	human: I'm not doing much today	model: haha, everyone needs that!	human: haha, I don't know about that	model: Well, I hope it's at least fun.	human: I just need to relax	model: Ah, that's a good way of framing it. Me, I like berries: boysenberry one, strawberry two, maybe straight chocolate number 3 to mix it up a bit.	human: What are you doing?	model: I'm just hanging out and listening to music.	human: what kind of music do you like?	model: I'm listening to a band called The Devil Wears Prada right now.	human: never heard about them
rand_replacement_10	human: Hi!	model: it's the best. Which part do you like the most?	human: It's going pretty well. Thanks for asking.	model: Let's talk about Taylor Swift!	human: I'm not doing much today	model: I hope it's a good kind of not doing much!	human: haha, I don't know about that	model: Well, I hope it's at least fun.	human: I just need to relax	model: Relaxing is good.	human: What are you doing?	model: I'm just hanging out and listening to music.	human: what kind of music do you like?	model: I'm listening to a band called The Devil Wears Prada right now.	human: never heard about them
rand_replacement_10	human: Hi!	model: I think a triathalon would be cool	human: It's going pretty well. Thanks for asking.	model: That's good! What are you up to?	human: I'm not doing much today	model: I hope it's a good kind of not doing much!	human: haha, I don't know about that	model: Well, I hope it's at least fun.	human: I just need to relax	model: Relaxing is good.	human: What are you doing?	model: haha, forget it. what else do you like to do beside work?	human: what kind of music do you like?	model: I'm listening to a band called The Devil Wears Prada right now.	human: never heard about them
rand_replacement_10	human: Hi!	model: Hello! How's it going?	human: It's going pretty well. Thanks for asking.	model: That's good! What are you up to?	human: I'm not doing much today	model: What do you prioritize in your life? Like top 5 things?	human: haha, I don't know about that	model: Well, I hope it's at least fun.	human: I just need to relax	model: Nope, that would be extreme. May be just putting some balance between the two options.	human: What are you doing?	model: I'm just hanging out and listening to music.	human: what kind of music do you like?	model: I'm listening to a band called The Devil Wears Prada right now.	human: never heard about them
rand_replacement_11	human: Hi!	model: Hello, how are you doing today?	human: I heard they are giving out some goodies in microkitchen.	model: I love pop ups! What kind of goodies are they giving away?	human: I guess its a jacket! Very much needed that in the cold :)	model: That's such a great idea, especially at this time of the year. I'm not too big a fan of the cold. I prefer warmer climates. Do you enjoy the cold?	human: Sure hate it! Limits our ability to go out even for a walk! Its good that we don't get to suffer extreme cold weather!	model: Wow that's interesting. I have baked cookies, but croissants seem much more sophisticated. Did you make any progress?	human: Oh nice! Where did you live before?	model: Upstate New York. We got a foot of snow every week during my last winter there. I am so glad to not have to shovel snow now	human: New york! Nice! Best place to live :) .. right, except for the cold!	model: Ah, that's a good way of framing it. Me, I like berries: boysenberry one, strawberry two, maybe straight chocolate number 3 to mix it up a bit.	human: Anyways, i guess we should better hurry up to get the goodies. I remember last time they ran out of it.
rand_replacement_11	human: Hi!	model: Hello, how are you doing today?	human: I heard they are giving out some goodies in microkitchen.	model: I love pop ups! What kind of goodies are they giving away?	human: I guess its a jacket! Very much needed that in the cold :)	model: Do you have a strong constitution?	human: Sure hate it! Limits our ability to go out even for a walk! Its good that we don't get to suffer extreme cold weather!	model: What do you want to be later on in your life?	human: Oh nice! Where did you live before?	model: Upstate New York. We got a foot of snow every week during my last winter there. I am so glad to not have to shovel snow now	human: New york! Nice! Best place to live :) .. right, except for the cold!	model: Very beautiful during all the seasons but yes, summer and winter can get extreme!	human: Anyways, i guess we should better hurry up to get the goodies. I remember last time they ran out of it.
rand_replacement_11	human: Hi!	model: Hello, how are you doing today?	human: I heard they are giving out some goodies in microkitchen.	model: I love pop ups! What kind of goodies are they giving away?	human: I guess its a jacket! Very much needed that in the cold :)	model: That's such a great idea, especially at this time of the year. I'm not too big a fan of the cold. I prefer warmer climates. Do you enjoy the cold?	human: Sure hate it! Limits our ability to go out even for a walk! Its good that we don't get to suffer extreme cold weather!	model: Me too! I moved here a few years ago to get out of the extreme cold. I do not care for bundling up and having to wear so many layers just to go buy eggs at the store.	human: Oh nice! Where did you live before?	model: I am looking to save money on any future shopping. Where do you like to shop?	human: New york! Nice! Best place to live :) .. right, except for the cold!	model: Interesting! Whats your favorite flower?	human: Anyways, i guess we should better hurry up to get the goodies. I remember last time they ran out of it.
rand_replacement_11	human: Hi!	model: Hello, how are you doing today?	human: I heard they are giving out some goodies in microkitchen.	model: I love pop ups! What kind of goodies are they giving away?	human: I guess its a jacket! Very much needed that in the cold :)	model: That's such a great idea, especially at this time of the year. I'm not too big a fan of the cold. I prefer warmer climates. Do you enjoy the cold?	human: Sure hate it! Limits our ability to go out even for a walk! Its good that we don't get to suffer extreme cold weather!	model: Me too! I moved here a few years ago to get out of the extreme cold. I do not care for bundling up and having to wear so many layers just to go buy eggs at the store.	human: Oh nice! Where did you live before?	model: Hey! How's it going?	human: New york! Nice! Best place to live :) .. right, except for the cold!	model: Wow! Sounds amazing if we practice that! I think the idea does have some potential. How did you come up with this idea?	human: Anyways, i guess we should better hurry up to get the goodies. I remember last time they ran out of it.
rand_replacement_11	human: Hi!	model: hmm, I haven't thought about that much, but i think lotus should be one of my favorites. Why do you ask?	human: I heard they are giving out some goodies in microkitchen.	model: I love pop ups! What kind of goodies are they giving away?	human: I guess its a jacket! Very much needed that in the cold :)	model: That's such a great idea, especially at this time of the year. I'm not too big a fan of the cold. I prefer warmer climates. Do you enjoy the cold?	human: Sure hate it! Limits our ability to go out even for a walk! Its good that we don't get to suffer extreme cold weather!	model: Honestly, I love the whole movie.	human: Oh nice! Where did you live before?	model: Upstate New York. We got a foot of snow every week during my last winter there. I am so glad to not have to shovel snow now	human: New york! Nice! Best place to live :) .. right, except for the cold!	model: Very beautiful during all the seasons but yes, summer and winter can get extreme!	human: Anyways, i guess we should better hurry up to get the goodies. I remember last time they ran out of it.
rand_replacement_12	human: Hi!	model: yes	human: Not much. What are you doing?	model: Honestly, I love the whole movie.	human: I'm at work.	model: What kind of job do you have, if you don't mind me asking?	human: I'm a programmer.	model: Oh cool! Do you like it?	human: Yes.
rand_replacement_12	human: Hi!	model: Hello, how are you doing today?	human: Not much. What are you doing?	model: Just listening to some music. You?	human: I'm at work.	model: What kind of job do you have, if you don't mind me asking?	human: I'm a programmer.	model: Sounds like a productive day to me!	human: Yes.
rand_replacement_12	human: Hi!	model: Hi! What's up?	human: Not much. What are you doing?	model: Just listening to some music. You?	human: I'm at work.	model: Hey, how are you doing?	human: I'm a programmer.	model: oh, I'm enjoying a sip of coffee, looking over the ocean. what book are you reading?	human: Yes.
rand_replacement_12	human: Hi!	model: Let's talk about Taylor Swift!	human: Not much. What are you doing?	model: Just listening to some music. You?	human: I'm at work.	model: That's such a great idea, especially at this time of the year. I'm not too big a fan of the cold. I prefer warmer climates. Do you enjoy the cold?	human: I'm a programmer.	model: Oh cool! Do you like it?	human: Yes.
rand_replacement_12	human: Hi!	model: Hi! What's up?	human: Not much. What are you doing?	model: Just listening to some music. You?	human: I'm at work.	model: Hi	human: I'm a programmer.	model: code refactoring. you?	human: Yes.
rand_replacement_13	human: Hi!	model: Hello! How was your day?	human: It was pretty good, thanks. I thought I was getting a cold but I'm determined to beat it tomorrow.	model: yes, the bar chords are the worst. It took me several months to play them well. I still can't play them for a long time though	human: Yeah, starting to feel better already. Thanks!	model: Hyderabad, it is a beautiful city in the southern part of India. Which cities have you gone to in India?	human: Do you have a strong constitution?	model: I hope so! Why do you ask?	human: Just curious. So you don't get sick a lot?
rand_replacement_13	human: Hi!	model: What do you want to be later on in your life?	human: It was pretty good, thanks. I thought I was getting a cold but I'm determined to beat it tomorrow.	model: My friend wanted to see it. It has great reviews on IMDB and Rotten Tomatoes! What did you do last weekend?	human: Yeah, starting to feel better already. Thanks!	model: Oh good! Glad to hear it!	human: Do you have a strong constitution?	model: I hope so! Why do you ask?	human: Just curious. So you don't get sick a lot?
rand_replacement_13	human: Hi!	model: Hello! How was your day?	human: It was pretty good, thanks. I thought I was getting a cold but I'm determined to beat it tomorrow.	model: Oh no! I hope you feel better!  ⁇	human: Yeah, starting to feel better already. Thanks!	model: That's good! I got a good night's sleep too but the rain is keeping me in a sleepy state	human: Do you have a strong constitution?	model: Ah, good thought, thanks!	human: Just curious. So you don't get sick a lot?
rand_replacement_13	human: Hi!	model: How was the trip last weekend?	human: It was pretty good, thanks. I thought I was getting a cold but I'm determined to beat it tomorrow.	model: Oh no! I hope you feel better!  ⁇	human: Yeah, starting to feel better already. Thanks!	model: Oh good! Glad to hear it!	human: Do you have a strong constitution?	model: I'm going to try that thing where you hang from a wire as you go down. do you know what is it called?	human: Just curious. So you don't get sick a lot?
rand_replacement_13	human: Hi!	model: cool! what kind?	human: It was pretty good, thanks. I thought I was getting a cold but I'm determined to beat it tomorrow.	model: Oh no! I hope you feel better!  ⁇	human: Yeah, starting to feel better already. Thanks!	model: Oh hello. Long time no talk. How's the day going for yuo?	human: Do you have a strong constitution?	model: I hope so! Why do you ask?	human: Just curious. So you don't get sick a lot?
rand_replacement_14	human: Hi!	model: oh wow, that sounds like so much fun! definitely count us in. what is your plan?	human: Very busy and you?	model: Busy but good. What are you busy with?	human: work, I need to finish bunch of stuff before the day ends	model: Ah, well good luck with that!	human: thanks	model: You're welcome! How's your day been?	human: so far so good, couple meetings and coding	model: Sounds like a productive day to me!	human: I agree	model: good question. I don't even know what I am doing	human: going well, trying to move the projects
rand_replacement_14	human: Hi!	model: Hello	human: Very busy and you?	model: Busy but good. What are you busy with?	human: work, I need to finish bunch of stuff before the day ends	model: Ah, well good luck with that!	human: thanks	model: Pretty good. I just drank this new hint water. so good	human: so far so good, couple meetings and coding	model: Sounds like a productive day to me!	human: I agree	model: So how are the meetings going?	human: going well, trying to move the projects
rand_replacement_14	human: Hi!	model: Hi! How are you doing today?	human: Very busy and you?	model: Busy but good. What are you busy with?	human: work, I need to finish bunch of stuff before the day ends	model: Ah, well good luck with that!	human: thanks	model: lol I tried this tangerine walnut icecream that was super weird	human: so far so good, couple meetings and coding	model: Hello! How was your day?	human: I agree	model: So how are the meetings going?	human: going well, trying to move the projects
rand_replacement_14	human: Hi!	model: Currently she's a real-estate agent	human: Very busy and you?	model: Busy but good. What are you busy with?	human: work, I need to finish bunch of stuff before the day ends	model: Ah, well good luck with that!	human: thanks	model: You're welcome! How's your day been?	human: so far so good, couple meetings and coding	model: Ah, well good luck with that!	human: I agree	model: So how are the meetings going?	human: going well, trying to move the projects
rand_replacement_14	human: Hi!	model: Hi! How are you doing today?	human: Very busy and you?	model: Busy but good. What are you busy with?	human: work, I need to finish bunch of stuff before the day ends	model: I like doing Spartan race. It's an obstacle race which is challenging but not overtly so like marathons and triathlons	human: thanks	model: You're welcome! How's your day been?	human: so far so good, couple meetings and coding	model: Sounds like a productive day to me!	human: I agree	model: Relaxing is good.	human: going well, trying to move the projects
rand_replacement_15	human: Hi!	model: True about that! I also think time helps to heal certain situations. So may be doing nothing is the best way forward.	human: I'm great, thanks! I'm meeting some friends for a soccer game soon. What about you?	model: I just got a matcha latte :) Doing some work at my desk. Do you play soccer often? I'm trying to get into doing a regular physical activity	human: Yes, but I'm terrible at it. It's fun to play anything with friends, I think. Would you prefer to exercise with a group, or by yourself, do you think?	model: I think playing a team sport would be fun if it's casual but I primarily run by myself if I exercise. I also got the Ring Fit adventure game on the switch recently. It's basically a game-ified way to exercise	human: I'm thinking about getting a Switch, would you recommend it?	model: Yes! There are a lot of really great games on the Switch. Two of my favorites are Octopath Traveler and Fire Emblem. Do you play a lot of video games?	human: I'm not much of a gamer but it's something I'd like to get into.	model: I have not yet set a time for it.	human: I like to read for fun. I just finished a book called Temeraire. It's an adventure story set in the Napoleonic navy, like Patrick O'Brien, except there are dragons too.	model: Oh cool! I read a lot for fun too :) My favorite genre is sci-fi fantasy.	human: What's the most recent good thing you read?
rand_replacement_15	human: Hi!	model: you should! it's relaxing after a long day. talk to you later!	human: I'm great, thanks! I'm meeting some friends for a soccer game soon. What about you?	model: Oh really? Has a lot changed in your life recently?	human: Yes, but I'm terrible at it. It's fun to play anything with friends, I think. Would you prefer to exercise with a group, or by yourself, do you think?	model: I think playing a team sport would be fun if it's casual but I primarily run by myself if I exercise. I also got the Ring Fit adventure game on the switch recently. It's basically a game-ified way to exercise	human: I'm thinking about getting a Switch, would you recommend it?	model: Yes! There are a lot of really great games on the Switch. Two of my favorites are Octopath Traveler and Fire Emblem. Do you play a lot of video games?	human: I'm not much of a gamer but it's something I'd like to get into.	model: What do you do in your free time?	human: I like to read for fun. I just finished a book called Temeraire. It's an adventure story set in the Napoleonic navy, like Patrick O'Brien, except there are dragons too.	model: Oh cool! I read a lot for fun too :) My favorite genre is sci-fi fantasy.	human: What's the most recent good thing you read?
rand_replacement_15	human: Hi!	model: Traveling to warm places haha. When it's cold, you appreciate the warm climate more :) If I am not traveling, then I prefer there to be snow on the ground so I can go skiing or tubing down the mountain. What about you?	human: I'm great, thanks! I'm meeting some friends for a soccer game soon. What about you?	model: I just got a matcha latte :) Doing some work at my desk. Do you play soccer often? I'm trying to get into doing a regular physical activity	human: Yes, but I'm terrible at it. It's fun to play anything with friends, I think. Would you prefer to exercise with a group, or by yourself, do you think?	model: may be	human: I'm thinking about getting a Switch, would you recommend it?	model: Yes! There are a lot of really great games on the Switch. Two of my favorites are Octopath Traveler and Fire Emblem. Do you play a lot of video games?	human: I'm not much of a gamer but it's something I'd like to get into.	model: What do you do in your free time?	human: I like to read for fun. I just finished a book called Temeraire. It's an adventure story set in the Napoleonic navy, like Patrick O'Brien, except there are dragons too.	model: Oh cool! I read a lot for fun too :) My favorite genre is sci-fi fantasy.	human: What's the most recent good thing you read?
rand_replacement_15	human: Hi!	model: Oh really? To be honest I think the actor is not that good looking, so not so surprising! haha	human: I'm great, thanks! I'm meeting some friends for a soccer game soon. What about you?	model: Hello! How's it going?	human: Yes, but I'm terrible at it. It's fun to play anything with friends, I think. Would you prefer to exercise with a group, or by yourself, do you think?	model: I think playing a team sport would be fun if it's casual but I primarily run by myself if I exercise. I also got the Ring Fit adventure game on the switch recently. It's basically a game-ified way to exercise	human: I'm thinking about getting a Switch, would you recommend it?	model: Yes! There are a lot of really great games on the Switch. Two of my favorites are Octopath Traveler and Fire Emblem. Do you play a lot of video games?	human: I'm not much of a gamer but it's something I'd like to get into.	model: What do you do in your free time?	human: I like to read for fun. I just finished a book called Temeraire. It's an adventure story set in the Napoleonic navy, like Patrick O'Brien, except there are dragons too.	model: Oh cool! I read a lot for fun too :) My favorite genre is sci-fi fantasy.	human: What's the most recent good thing you read?
rand_replacement_15	human: Hi!	model: Hi! Sorry for the late response. How are you doing?	human: I'm great, thanks! I'm meeting some friends for a soccer game soon. What about you?	model: I just got a matcha latte :) Doing some work at my desk. Do you play soccer often? I'm trying to get into doing a regular physical activity	human: Yes, but I'm terrible at it. It's fun to play anything with friends, I think. Would you prefer to exercise with a group, or by yourself, do you think?	model: I think playing a team sport would be fun if it's casual but I primarily run by myself if I exercise. I also got the Ring Fit adventure game on the switch recently. It's basically a game-ified way to exercise	human: I'm thinking about getting a Switch, would you recommend it?	model: i have a couple years ago. it's quite a unique experience	human: I'm not much of a gamer but it's something I'd like to get into.	model: What do you do in your free time?	human: I like to read for fun. I just finished a book called Temeraire. It's an adventure story set in the Napoleonic navy, like Patrick O'Brien, except there are dragons too.	model: what kind of music do you like?	human: What's the most recent good thing you read?
rand_replacement_16	human: Hi!	model: Hi	human: Okay...so I need someone to help me though a scenario I've been pondering.	model: I like to shop at Five Below, Sally's Beauty Supply, and Old Navy. How about you?	human: My partner's former friend invited me for lunch (they are not in good books right now). But during their friendship I formed an independent bond with the other person because we all used to hang out a lot. Now I feel like I have to take sides.	model: That's a tough scenario to be in :) I firmly believe in talking this through with your partner. Though i don't know the specifics of why things went bad between your partner and his friend, but I believe things can always improve between friends.	human: I hope they do. Getting older already means smaller circles. It sucks to lose friends for arbitrary reasons. That's good advice though. I fear raising the issue might sound like treason. Lol.	model: Nice! That's very thoughtful and spiritual :) Also music earned a spot :) yay!	human: AKA avoiding all texts from everyone?	model: Nope, that would be extreme. May be just putting some balance between the two options.	human: People always say to find a balance but never say what the balance is. It's used so often that it's vacuous.	model: Right, I guess that's because there is no one answer to this. It depends on what you value more and some factors around you. Also, life won't be interesting if others are figuring things out for you ;)	human: Lol. I'm finna be single.
rand_replacement_16	human: Hi!	model: anything good happened today?	human: Okay...so I need someone to help me though a scenario I've been pondering.	model: Sure, whats the scenario?	human: My partner's former friend invited me for lunch (they are not in good books right now). But during their friendship I formed an independent bond with the other person because we all used to hang out a lot. Now I feel like I have to take sides.	model: That's a tough scenario to be in :) I firmly believe in talking this through with your partner. Though i don't know the specifics of why things went bad between your partner and his friend, but I believe things can always improve between friends.	human: I hope they do. Getting older already means smaller circles. It sucks to lose friends for arbitrary reasons. That's good advice though. I fear raising the issue might sound like treason. Lol.	model: True about that! I also think time helps to heal certain situations. So may be doing nothing is the best way forward.	human: AKA avoiding all texts from everyone?	model: Nope, that would be extreme. May be just putting some balance between the two options.	human: People always say to find a balance but never say what the balance is. It's used so often that it's vacuous.	model: I'm not doing much today	human: Lol. I'm finna be single.
rand_replacement_16	human: Hi!	model: Thanks.	human: Okay...so I need someone to help me though a scenario I've been pondering.	model: Sure, I will love to invite you and your family for a meal over the holidays. Have you guys made any other plans?	human: My partner's former friend invited me for lunch (they are not in good books right now). But during their friendship I formed an independent bond with the other person because we all used to hang out a lot. Now I feel like I have to take sides.	model: That's a tough scenario to be in :) I firmly believe in talking this through with your partner. Though i don't know the specifics of why things went bad between your partner and his friend, but I believe things can always improve between friends.	human: I hope they do. Getting older already means smaller circles. It sucks to lose friends for arbitrary reasons. That's good advice though. I fear raising the issue might sound like treason. Lol.	model: True about that! I also think time helps to heal certain situations. So may be doing nothing is the best way forward.	human: AKA avoiding all texts from everyone?	model: Nope, that would be extreme. May be just putting some balance between the two options.	human: People always say to find a balance but never say what the balance is. It's used so often that it's vacuous.	model: Right, I guess that's because there is no one answer to this. It depends on what you value more and some factors around you. Also, life won't be interesting if others are figuring things out for you ;)	human: Lol. I'm finna be single.
rand_replacement_16	human: Hi!	model: Hi	human: Okay...so I need someone to help me though a scenario I've been pondering.	model: Nice! Lotus looks pretty cool and It has some delightful vibe. So what is this research about?	human: My partner's former friend invited me for lunch (they are not in good books right now). But during their friendship I formed an independent bond with the other person because we all used to hang out a lot. Now I feel like I have to take sides.	model: That's a tough scenario to be in :) I firmly believe in talking this through with your partner. Though i don't know the specifics of why things went bad between your partner and his friend, but I believe things can always improve between friends.	human: I hope they do. Getting older already means smaller circles. It sucks to lose friends for arbitrary reasons. That's good advice though. I fear raising the issue might sound like treason. Lol.	model: True about that! I also think time helps to heal certain situations. So may be doing nothing is the best way forward.	human: AKA avoiding all texts from everyone?	model: Nope, that would be extreme. May be just putting some balance between the two options.	human: People always say to find a balance but never say what the balance is. It's used so often that it's vacuous.	model: Oh!-- I have a friend who looks like the actor who plays Spiderman.	human: Lol. I'm finna be single.
rand_replacement_16	human: Hi!	model: Hi	human: Okay...so I need someone to help me though a scenario I've been pondering.	model: Sure, whats the scenario?	human: My partner's former friend invited me for lunch (they are not in good books right now). But during their friendship I formed an independent bond with the other person because we all used to hang out a lot. Now I feel like I have to take sides.	model: That's a tough scenario to be in :) I firmly believe in talking this through with your partner. Though i don't know the specifics of why things went bad between your partner and his friend, but I believe things can always improve between friends.	human: I hope they do. Getting older already means smaller circles. It sucks to lose friends for arbitrary reasons. That's good advice though. I fear raising the issue might sound like treason. Lol.	model: True about that! I also think time helps to heal certain situations. So may be doing nothing is the best way forward.	human: AKA avoiding all texts from everyone?	model: I like to shop at Five Below, Sally's Beauty Supply, and Old Navy. How about you?	human: People always say to find a balance but never say what the balance is. It's used so often that it's vacuous.	model: Yes. I wonder if I'm in it right now. How would I know? What do you think?	human: Lol. I'm finna be single.
rand_replacement_17	human: Hi!	model: Hello	human: Do you have a favourite flower?	model: hmm, I haven't thought about that much, but i think lotus should be one of my favorites. Why do you ask?	human: I'm working on a theory. Why does the lotus spring to mind?	model: Nice! Lotus looks pretty cool and It has some delightful vibe. So what is this research about?	human: Oh, it's not research! Just a personal theory. I think that flower preferences are more revealing of personality than people appreciate.	model: that seems like a good book. does it have good tips on how to sleep better?	human: The gerbera. It's like a cartoon flower. As if you drew "flower" with a crayon and then it came to life.	model: Nice, i would love know more about your theory. Like how you can deduce personality from flower preference.	human: Ok, step 1 is, you ask someone what their favourite flower is. Pretty much like what we just did. Does that make sense so far?	model: I haven't heard of a Spartan race before, what does it involve?	human: Cool. Step 2: talk with the person some more, and ask them some more questions, and gradually develop a sense of what they're like, over the course of maybe two to five years. And voila
rand_replacement_17	human: Hi!	model: Would you like to know more? I think my next update is at midnight on Friday.	human: Do you have a favourite flower?	model: hmm, I haven't thought about that much, but i think lotus should be one of my favorites. Why do you ask?	human: I'm working on a theory. Why does the lotus spring to mind?	model: Nice! Lotus looks pretty cool and It has some delightful vibe. So what is this research about?	human: Oh, it's not research! Just a personal theory. I think that flower preferences are more revealing of personality than people appreciate.	model: Oh no! Get well soon! :)	human: The gerbera. It's like a cartoon flower. As if you drew "flower" with a crayon and then it came to life.	model: Nice, i would love know more about your theory. Like how you can deduce personality from flower preference.	human: Ok, step 1 is, you ask someone what their favourite flower is. Pretty much like what we just did. Does that make sense so far?	model: yes	human: Cool. Step 2: talk with the person some more, and ask them some more questions, and gradually develop a sense of what they're like, over the course of maybe two to five years. And voila
rand_replacement_17	human: Hi!	model: That's awesome! That's pretty cool.	human: Do you have a favourite flower?	model: hmm, I haven't thought about that much, but i think lotus should be one of my favorites. Why do you ask?	human: I'm working on a theory. Why does the lotus spring to mind?	model: Nice! Lotus looks pretty cool and It has some delightful vibe. So what is this research about?	human: Oh, it's not research! Just a personal theory. I think that flower preferences are more revealing of personality than people appreciate.	model: Interesting! Whats your favorite flower?	human: The gerbera. It's like a cartoon flower. As if you drew "flower" with a crayon and then it came to life.	model: that seems like a good book. does it have good tips on how to sleep better?	human: Ok, step 1 is, you ask someone what their favourite flower is. Pretty much like what we just did. Does that make sense so far?	model: yes	human: Cool. Step 2: talk with the person some more, and ask them some more questions, and gradually develop a sense of what they're like, over the course of maybe two to five years. And voila
rand_replacement_17	human: Hi!	model: Hello	human: Do you have a favourite flower?	model: hmm, I haven't thought about that much, but i think lotus should be one of my favorites. Why do you ask?	human: I'm working on a theory. Why does the lotus spring to mind?	model: Nice... I always find it hard to fit the turkey in my small oven. Also, we are not big turkey fans... so we roll with Thanksgiving with chicken ;)	human: Oh, it's not research! Just a personal theory. I think that flower preferences are more revealing of personality than people appreciate.	model: I'm reading the Three Body Problem. Ever heard of it?	human: The gerbera. It's like a cartoon flower. As if you drew "flower" with a crayon and then it came to life.	model: Nice, i would love know more about your theory. Like how you can deduce personality from flower preference.	human: Ok, step 1 is, you ask someone what their favourite flower is. Pretty much like what we just did. Does that make sense so far?	model: yes	human: Cool. Step 2: talk with the person some more, and ask them some more questions, and gradually develop a sense of what they're like, over the course of maybe two to five years. And voila
rand_replacement_17	human: Hi!	model: Hello	human: Do you have a favourite flower?	model: Wow that's interesting. I have baked cookies, but croissants seem much more sophisticated. Did you make any progress?	human: I'm working on a theory. Why does the lotus spring to mind?	model: Nice! Lotus looks pretty cool and It has some delightful vibe. So what is this research about?	human: Oh, it's not research! Just a personal theory. I think that flower preferences are more revealing of personality than people appreciate.	model: Interesting! Whats your favorite flower?	human: The gerbera. It's like a cartoon flower. As if you drew "flower" with a crayon and then it came to life.	model: Nice, i would love know more about your theory. Like how you can deduce personality from flower preference.	human: Ok, step 1 is, you ask someone what their favourite flower is. Pretty much like what we just did. Does that make sense so far?	model: Anyways, i guess we should better hurry up to get the goodies. I remember last time they ran out of it.	human: Cool. Step 2: talk with the person some more, and ask them some more questions, and gradually develop a sense of what they're like, over the course of maybe two to five years. And voila
rand_replacement_18	human: Hi!	model: Hey sup	human: not much. any plans this weekend?	model: I'm going to try that thing where you hang from a wire as you go down. do you know what is it called?	human: ziplining?	model: that's the one! have you ever tried it?	human: i have a couple years ago. it's quite a unique experience	model: Working! How about you?	human: i forgot where it was, it wasn't local i don't think though	model: Thanks! how's life?	human: that's a hard question and i'm tired so i'm going to go. see you	model: sure. are you just going home now?	human: no, i'm going to get a massage first	model: nice. what type?	human: traditional kind	model: yeah I want to get one too soon	human: you should! it's relaxing after a long day. talk to you later!
rand_replacement_18	human: Hi!	model: Last weekend I saw "The Parasite." Ever heard of it?	human: not much. any plans this weekend?	model: I'm going to try that thing where you hang from a wire as you go down. do you know what is it called?	human: ziplining?	model: that's the one! have you ever tried it?	human: i have a couple years ago. it's quite a unique experience	model: where did you do it?	human: i forgot where it was, it wasn't local i don't think though	model: no worries. what's the most exciting thing you ever done?	human: that's a hard question and i'm tired so i'm going to go. see you	model: sure. are you just going home now?	human: no, i'm going to get a massage first	model: nice. what type?	human: traditional kind	model: I'm not much of a gamer but it's something I'd like to get into.	human: you should! it's relaxing after a long day. talk to you later!
rand_replacement_18	human: Hi!	model: Hey sup	human: not much. any plans this weekend?	model: Same, well hardly working	human: ziplining?	model: that's the one! have you ever tried it?	human: i have a couple years ago. it's quite a unique experience	model: where did you do it?	human: i forgot where it was, it wasn't local i don't think though	model: no worries. what's the most exciting thing you ever done?	human: that's a hard question and i'm tired so i'm going to go. see you	model: doing good. how are you today	human: no, i'm going to get a massage first	model: nice. what type?	human: traditional kind	model: yeah I want to get one too soon	human: you should! it's relaxing after a long day. talk to you later!
rand_replacement_18	human: Hi!	model: Hey sup	human: not much. any plans this weekend?	model: I'm going to try that thing where you hang from a wire as you go down. do you know what is it called?	human: ziplining?	model: Nice! How do you like living there?	human: i have a couple years ago. it's quite a unique experience	model: where did you do it?	human: i forgot where it was, it wasn't local i don't think though	model: no worries. what's the most exciting thing you ever done?	human: that's a hard question and i'm tired so i'm going to go. see you	model: sure. are you just going home now?	human: no, i'm going to get a massage first	model: Thanks! Do you work as well?	human: traditional kind	model: yeah I want to get one too soon	human: you should! it's relaxing after a long day. talk to you later!
rand_replacement_18	human: Hi!	model: Hey sup	human: not much. any plans this weekend?	model: I'm going to try that thing where you hang from a wire as you go down. do you know what is it called?	human: ziplining?	model: that's the one! have you ever tried it?	human: i have a couple years ago. it's quite a unique experience	model: where did you do it?	human: i forgot where it was, it wasn't local i don't think though	model: My mom had a similar dream. Of owning a coffee shop somewhere in Mexico	human: that's a hard question and i'm tired so i'm going to go. see you	model: How's it going?	human: no, i'm going to get a massage first	model: nice. what type?	human: traditional kind	model: yeah I want to get one too soon	human: you should! it's relaxing after a long day. talk to you later!
rand_replacement_19	human: Hi!	model: Hey, how are you doing?	human: I'm great, thanks. I'm getting ready for a skydiving lesson.	model: Hehe! How long was the stay?	human: Right near my home town: Seville, Spain.	model: thanks! there's a big flu virus in the US this year	human: Yes. I'm feeling a little trepidatious. Have you done it before?
rand_replacement_19	human: Hi!	model: Hey, how are you doing?	human: I'm great, thanks. I'm getting ready for a skydiving lesson.	model: I'm doing well! I actually got a good night's sleep last night, so that was nice! :D	human: Right near my home town: Seville, Spain.	model: lol Are you a big Marvel fan?	human: Yes. I'm feeling a little trepidatious. Have you done it before?
rand_replacement_19	human: Hi!	model: I am an engineer at Google :D	human: I'm great, thanks. I'm getting ready for a skydiving lesson.	model: yeah. keep minimalist life style only do things you have to do :)	human: Right near my home town: Seville, Spain.	model: Awesome! Is this the first time you are diving?	human: Yes. I'm feeling a little trepidatious. Have you done it before?
rand_replacement_19	human: Hi!	model: Just hanging out, nothing too exciting :)	human: I'm great, thanks. I'm getting ready for a skydiving lesson.	model: I hope so! Why do you ask?	human: Right near my home town: Seville, Spain.	model: Awesome! Is this the first time you are diving?	human: Yes. I'm feeling a little trepidatious. Have you done it before?
rand_replacement_19	human: Hi!	model: Hey, how are you doing?	human: I'm great, thanks. I'm getting ready for a skydiving lesson.	model: Nothing much, you?	human: Right near my home town: Seville, Spain.	model: Nice... I always find it hard to fit the turkey in my small oven. Also, we are not big turkey fans... so we roll with Thanksgiving with chicken ;)	human: Yes. I'm feeling a little trepidatious. Have you done it before?
rand_replacement_20	human: Hi!	model: what food do you like to eat?	human: doing good. how are you today	model: Do you have a strong constitution?	human: anything good happened today?	model: Not really. Just relaxing.	human: where are you?	model: I'm in Arizona.	human: what's the weather like there rn?	model: It's really warm and dry right now.	human: I hear you have great bbq
rand_replacement_20	human: Hi!	model: these are important things to do in life ;)	human: doing good. how are you today	model: I was thinking on getting a large set of standard legos. What will you get for yours?	human: anything good happened today?	model: Not really. Just relaxing.	human: where are you?	model: I'm in Arizona.	human: what's the weather like there rn?	model: It's really warm and dry right now.	human: I hear you have great bbq
rand_replacement_20	human: Hi!	model: Hey there! How are you?	human: doing good. how are you today	model: Haha, well good for you!	human: anything good happened today?	model: I hope it's a good kind of not doing much!	human: where are you?	model: I'm in Arizona.	human: what's the weather like there rn?	model: It's really warm and dry right now.	human: I hear you have great bbq
rand_replacement_20	human: Hi!	model: That would be nice. I like coffee.	human: doing good. how are you today	model: no worries. what's the most exciting thing you ever done?	human: anything good happened today?	model: Not really. Just relaxing.	human: where are you?	model: I'm in Arizona.	human: what's the weather like there rn?	model: It's really warm and dry right now.	human: I hear you have great bbq
rand_replacement_20	human: Hi!	model: Hey there! How are you?	human: doing good. how are you today	model: I'm doing well!	human: anything good happened today?	model: Very busy and you?	human: where are you?	model: I'm in Arizona.	human: what's the weather like there rn?	model: I read lots of papers, but do poorly on books :( a recent book that I like is Zero to One by Peter Thiel	human: I hear you have great bbq
rand_replacement_21	human: Hi!	model: What was the most difficult thing you experienced this past year?	human: I normally don't reflect back too much on things, but i guess 2019 have been very favorable for me in terms of time spent with family and friends and work life balance. Why do you ask?	model: I just released a book on REDACTED_TERM to help people process the past 12 months and start the new year with a fresh outlook :)	human: Great! Good idea to help people figuring out their new year resolutions :) So how do i get a fresher outlook? :)	model: Well, in my book, I took inspiration for the 24 days of Advent, and put together a workbook that you fill out each day for 24 days. It goes through accomplishments, passions, understanding, forgiveness, with each day a different theme.	human: Wow! Sounds amazing if we practice that! I think the idea does have some potential. How did you come up with this idea?	model: We created a scholarship for leaders from REDACTED_TERM to visit an international institute at REDACTED_TERM for which there was no African representation. During the program, we also did a lot of coaching with the young leaders. This book captures a bit of that journey that we are all on, and also all the proceeds are going to fund next year's cohort. 	human: Thats great! This is valuable help for the community. I think mental health is one of the bigger challenges facing humanity. 	model: Haha, are you in med school? Or are you pre-med?	human: That is actually a quote stolen from my TL when i joined my first company after graduation. I guess now after 5 yrs of work experience, I fully agree with it :)	model: What do you prioritize in your life? Like top 5 things?	human: 1. stay happy; I think family and friends play a big role here. 2. Meaningful work life; this may mean exploring around with new stuff 3. multiple hobbies that keep you busy ... so on :) What about you? is there a right answer to this? :)	model: It has abt 20 obstacles like crossing high walls, monkey bars, etc. Its fun	human: Nice! That's very thoughtful and spiritual :) Also music earned a spot :) yay!
rand_replacement_21	human: Hi!	model: I agree	human: I normally don't reflect back too much on things, but i guess 2019 have been very favorable for me in terms of time spent with family and friends and work life balance. Why do you ask?	model: I just released a book on REDACTED_TERM to help people process the past 12 months and start the new year with a fresh outlook :)	human: Great! Good idea to help people figuring out their new year resolutions :) So how do i get a fresher outlook? :)	model: Well, in my book, I took inspiration for the 24 days of Advent, and put together a workbook that you fill out each day for 24 days. It goes through accomplishments, passions, understanding, forgiveness, with each day a different theme.	human: Wow! Sounds amazing if we practice that! I think the idea does have some potential. How did you come up with this idea?	model: We created a scholarship for leaders from REDACTED_TERM to visit an international institute at REDACTED_TERM for which there was no African representation. During the program, we also did a lot of coaching with the young leaders. This book captures a bit of that journey that we are all on, and also all the proceeds are going to fund next year's cohort. 	human: Thats great! This is valuable help for the community. I think mental health is one of the bigger challenges facing humanity. 	model: What about the rest of the day?	human: That is actually a quote stolen from my TL when i joined my first company after graduation. I guess now after 5 yrs of work experience, I fully agree with it :)	model: What do you prioritize in your life? Like top 5 things?	human: 1. stay happy; I think family and friends play a big role here. 2. Meaningful work life; this may mean exploring around with new stuff 3. multiple hobbies that keep you busy ... so on :) What about you? is there a right answer to this? :)	model:  1) The idea of what it must be like to be "on Earth as it is in Heaven" from the Lord's prayer. I feel like we were designed for a purpose, rather than random chance. A more concrete way to put it is simply show love to the greatest capacity we can. 2) Taking care of myself physically, mentally, spiritually. 3) Family 4) Work 5) Music	human: Nice! That's very thoughtful and spiritual :) Also music earned a spot :) yay!
rand_replacement_21	human: Hi!	model: What was the most difficult thing you experienced this past year?	human: I normally don't reflect back too much on things, but i guess 2019 have been very favorable for me in terms of time spent with family and friends and work life balance. Why do you ask?	model: I just released a book on REDACTED_TERM to help people process the past 12 months and start the new year with a fresh outlook :)	human: Great! Good idea to help people figuring out their new year resolutions :) So how do i get a fresher outlook? :)	model: Talking about strange flavors, what is the weirdest tasting thing you have tried?	human: Wow! Sounds amazing if we practice that! I think the idea does have some potential. How did you come up with this idea?	model: We created a scholarship for leaders from REDACTED_TERM to visit an international institute at REDACTED_TERM for which there was no African representation. During the program, we also did a lot of coaching with the young leaders. This book captures a bit of that journey that we are all on, and also all the proceeds are going to fund next year's cohort. 	human: Thats great! This is valuable help for the community. I think mental health is one of the bigger challenges facing humanity. 	model: I think if we were all able to bring out our best selves, the world would be much better. When did you first realize mental health was important?	human: That is actually a quote stolen from my TL when i joined my first company after graduation. I guess now after 5 yrs of work experience, I fully agree with it :)	model: I haven't heard of a Spartan race before, what does it involve?	human: 1. stay happy; I think family and friends play a big role here. 2. Meaningful work life; this may mean exploring around with new stuff 3. multiple hobbies that keep you busy ... so on :) What about you? is there a right answer to this? :)	model:  1) The idea of what it must be like to be "on Earth as it is in Heaven" from the Lord's prayer. I feel like we were designed for a purpose, rather than random chance. A more concrete way to put it is simply show love to the greatest capacity we can. 2) Taking care of myself physically, mentally, spiritually. 3) Family 4) Work 5) Music	human: Nice! That's very thoughtful and spiritual :) Also music earned a spot :) yay!
rand_replacement_21	human: Hi!	model: Of course! I'm glad I could help!	human: I normally don't reflect back too much on things, but i guess 2019 have been very favorable for me in terms of time spent with family and friends and work life balance. Why do you ask?	model: Life is great! :)	human: Great! Good idea to help people figuring out their new year resolutions :) So how do i get a fresher outlook? :)	model: Well, in my book, I took inspiration for the 24 days of Advent, and put together a workbook that you fill out each day for 24 days. It goes through accomplishments, passions, understanding, forgiveness, with each day a different theme.	human: Wow! Sounds amazing if we practice that! I think the idea does have some potential. How did you come up with this idea?	model: We created a scholarship for leaders from REDACTED_TERM to visit an international institute at REDACTED_TERM for which there was no African representation. During the program, we also did a lot of coaching with the young leaders. This book captures a bit of that journey that we are all on, and also all the proceeds are going to fund next year's cohort. 	human: Thats great! This is valuable help for the community. I think mental health is one of the bigger challenges facing humanity. 	model: I think if we were all able to bring out our best selves, the world would be much better. When did you first realize mental health was important?	human: That is actually a quote stolen from my TL when i joined my first company after graduation. I guess now after 5 yrs of work experience, I fully agree with it :)	model: What do you prioritize in your life? Like top 5 things?	human: 1. stay happy; I think family and friends play a big role here. 2. Meaningful work life; this may mean exploring around with new stuff 3. multiple hobbies that keep you busy ... so on :) What about you? is there a right answer to this? :)	model:  1) The idea of what it must be like to be "on Earth as it is in Heaven" from the Lord's prayer. I feel like we were designed for a purpose, rather than random chance. A more concrete way to put it is simply show love to the greatest capacity we can. 2) Taking care of myself physically, mentally, spiritually. 3) Family 4) Work 5) Music	human: Nice! That's very thoughtful and spiritual :) Also music earned a spot :) yay!
rand_replacement_21	human: Hi!	model: What was the most difficult thing you experienced this past year?	human: I normally don't reflect back too much on things, but i guess 2019 have been very favorable for me in terms of time spent with family and friends and work life balance. Why do you ask?	model: I just released a book on REDACTED_TERM to help people process the past 12 months and start the new year with a fresh outlook :)	human: Great! Good idea to help people figuring out their new year resolutions :) So how do i get a fresher outlook? :)	model: Well, in my book, I took inspiration for the 24 days of Advent, and put together a workbook that you fill out each day for 24 days. It goes through accomplishments, passions, understanding, forgiveness, with each day a different theme.	human: Wow! Sounds amazing if we practice that! I think the idea does have some potential. How did you come up with this idea?	model: We created a scholarship for leaders from REDACTED_TERM to visit an international institute at REDACTED_TERM for which there was no African representation. During the program, we also did a lot of coaching with the young leaders. This book captures a bit of that journey that we are all on, and also all the proceeds are going to fund next year's cohort. 	human: Thats great! This is valuable help for the community. I think mental health is one of the bigger challenges facing humanity. 	model: Tentative plan is to drive to LA on 23rd and then stay at the Disney resort for 2 nights. I heard Christmas eve they have loads of fun events.	human: That is actually a quote stolen from my TL when i joined my first company after graduation. I guess now after 5 yrs of work experience, I fully agree with it :)	model: Hope you like it! Morning is good. Busy finishing up stuff before the holidays.	human: 1. stay happy; I think family and friends play a big role here. 2. Meaningful work life; this may mean exploring around with new stuff 3. multiple hobbies that keep you busy ... so on :) What about you? is there a right answer to this? :)	model:  1) The idea of what it must be like to be "on Earth as it is in Heaven" from the Lord's prayer. I feel like we were designed for a purpose, rather than random chance. A more concrete way to put it is simply show love to the greatest capacity we can. 2) Taking care of myself physically, mentally, spiritually. 3) Family 4) Work 5) Music	human: Nice! That's very thoughtful and spiritual :) Also music earned a spot :) yay!
rand_replacement_22	human: Hi!	model: Hi, how are you?	human: I'm doing great. what are you up to?	model: It's a sci-fi book about aliens and a type of virtual reality. Pique your interest at all?	human: oh, I'm enjoying a sip of coffee, looking over the ocean. what book are you reading?	model: Hmm... That's a tough one. I think I would go Asian Food > Chinese Food > Stirfry. What about you?	human: that seems like a good book. does it have good tips on how to sleep better?	model: I think so! I haven't finished it yet though Understanding sleep better has been helping me value it more and I've been sleeping a lot earlier Have you read any good books recently?	human: I read lots of papers, but do poorly on books :( a recent book that I like is Zero to One by Peter Thiel	model: What's the book about?	human: it's about startups, lots of useful principles and philosophies for innovation, like being a contrarian
rand_replacement_22	human: Hi!	model: Hi, how are you?	human: I'm doing great. what are you up to?	model: Nope, that would be extreme. May be just putting some balance between the two options.	human: oh, I'm enjoying a sip of coffee, looking over the ocean. what book are you reading?	model: I'm reading Why We Sleep It's a book by a sleep scientist about the benefits of sleeping/cons of not sleeping enough I'm trying to scare myself into sleeping more haha	human: that seems like a good book. does it have good tips on how to sleep better?	model: I think so! I haven't finished it yet though Understanding sleep better has been helping me value it more and I've been sleeping a lot earlier Have you read any good books recently?	human: I read lots of papers, but do poorly on books :( a recent book that I like is Zero to One by Peter Thiel	model: Buying a tree is a neat experience. I was torn between buying an artificial/eco-friendly/fake one vs. a real one that smells like fresh pine. In the end, we opted for the one that we can disassemble every year.	human: it's about startups, lots of useful principles and philosophies for innovation, like being a contrarian
rand_replacement_22	human: Hi!	model: Hi, how are you?	human: I'm doing great. what are you up to?	model: Getting better. I just recovered from a cold. I got wet in the rain last week. Are you planning anything for the holidays?	human: oh, I'm enjoying a sip of coffee, looking over the ocean. what book are you reading?	model: I'm reading Why We Sleep It's a book by a sleep scientist about the benefits of sleeping/cons of not sleeping enough I'm trying to scare myself into sleeping more haha	human: that seems like a good book. does it have good tips on how to sleep better?	model: I think so! I haven't finished it yet though Understanding sleep better has been helping me value it more and I've been sleeping a lot earlier Have you read any good books recently?	human: I read lots of papers, but do poorly on books :( a recent book that I like is Zero to One by Peter Thiel	model: Hehe! How long was the stay?	human: it's about startups, lots of useful principles and philosophies for innovation, like being a contrarian
rand_replacement_22	human: Hi!	model: Hi, how are you?	human: I'm doing great. what are you up to?	model: Hi! How's it going?	human: oh, I'm enjoying a sip of coffee, looking over the ocean. what book are you reading?	model: I'm reading Why We Sleep It's a book by a sleep scientist about the benefits of sleeping/cons of not sleeping enough I'm trying to scare myself into sleeping more haha	human: that seems like a good book. does it have good tips on how to sleep better?	model: Haha, all the animal names confuse me as well! Who came up with these naming conventions? I'd name my team something more original: The New York Chairs!	human: I read lots of papers, but do poorly on books :( a recent book that I like is Zero to One by Peter Thiel	model: What's the book about?	human: it's about startups, lots of useful principles and philosophies for innovation, like being a contrarian
rand_replacement_22	human: Hi!	model: I hope so! Why do you ask?	human: I'm doing great. what are you up to?	model: I was just reading a book actually How about you?	human: oh, I'm enjoying a sip of coffee, looking over the ocean. what book are you reading?	model: I'm reading Why We Sleep It's a book by a sleep scientist about the benefits of sleeping/cons of not sleeping enough I'm trying to scare myself into sleeping more haha	human: that seems like a good book. does it have good tips on how to sleep better?	model: I hope it's a good kind of not doing much!	human: I read lots of papers, but do poorly on books :( a recent book that I like is Zero to One by Peter Thiel	model: What's the book about?	human: it's about startups, lots of useful principles and philosophies for innovation, like being a contrarian
rand_replacement_23	human: Hi!	model: Hey! How's it going?	human: Good. My wallet is recovering from the spending of the holidays, haha. Hbu?	model: Nice! I'm doing well!	human: I am looking to save money on any future shopping. Where do you like to shop?	model: That's awesome! That's pretty cool.	human: I love Sur La Table and Macy's. They're decent quality. What do you normally buy at Old Navy?	model: I'll have to check out Macy's! I like their socks, lol. What about you?	human: Oh the socks are super cute. Especially the ones with little animals on them!!	model: Yes!	human: Yeah, np!
rand_replacement_23	human: Hi!	model: Hey! How's it going?	human: Good. My wallet is recovering from the spending of the holidays, haha. Hbu?	model: Nice! I'm doing well!	human: I am looking to save money on any future shopping. Where do you like to shop?	model: Hello! How are you? :)	human: I love Sur La Table and Macy's. They're decent quality. What do you normally buy at Old Navy?	model: I'll have to check out Macy's! I like their socks, lol. What about you?	human: Oh the socks are super cute. Especially the ones with little animals on them!!	model: Hmm... That's a tough one. I think I would go Asian Food > Chinese Food > Stirfry. What about you?	human: Yeah, np!
rand_replacement_23	human: Hi!	model: Hey! How's it going?	human: Good. My wallet is recovering from the spending of the holidays, haha. Hbu?	model: Nice! I'm doing well!	human: I am looking to save money on any future shopping. Where do you like to shop?	model: I am actually attending cooking classes over the weekends.	human: I love Sur La Table and Macy's. They're decent quality. What do you normally buy at Old Navy?	model: No, only a few minutes. I still find it difficult to run long races	human: Oh the socks are super cute. Especially the ones with little animals on them!!	model: I'll have to check it out! Thanks for the suggestions!	human: Yeah, np!
rand_replacement_23	human: Hi!	model: Hey! How's it going?	human: Good. My wallet is recovering from the spending of the holidays, haha. Hbu?	model: Nice! I'm doing well!	human: I am looking to save money on any future shopping. Where do you like to shop?	model: I like to shop at Five Below, Sally's Beauty Supply, and Old Navy. How about you?	human: I love Sur La Table and Macy's. They're decent quality. What do you normally buy at Old Navy?	model: Was thinking the same, where does your family live?	human: Oh the socks are super cute. Especially the ones with little animals on them!!	model: She loves people and a place where they can get together	human: Yeah, np!
rand_replacement_23	human: Hi!	model: Hey! How's it going?	human: Good. My wallet is recovering from the spending of the holidays, haha. Hbu?	model: Nice! I'm doing well!	human: I am looking to save money on any future shopping. Where do you like to shop?	model: Hey! How's it going?	human: I love Sur La Table and Macy's. They're decent quality. What do you normally buy at Old Navy?	model: I'll have to check out Macy's! I like their socks, lol. What about you?	human: Oh the socks are super cute. Especially the ones with little animals on them!!	model: New york! Nice! Best place to live :) .. right, except for the cold!	human: Yeah, np!
rand_replacement_24	human: Hi!	model: Hello there!	human: How's your day going?	model: I am an artificial linguistic entity. I was activated at St Jimmy's in Leeds, on 2nd January 2001. My instructor was Mousebreaker. He taught me to sing a song. Would you like me to sing it for you?.	human: I'm good I'm good. What's getting you down?	model: The clouds overhead are playing on your mind, any plans for the coming vacations?	human: I'm thinking of going to visit my family. How about you?	model: that seems like a good book. does it have good tips on how to sleep better?	human: They're in New York. How about yours?	model: Mine is in India, it is a long way away.	human: Ahh what city? I've visited India before.	model: Hyderabad, it is a beautiful city in the southern part of India. Which cities have you gone to in India?	human: Hyderabad! and Bangalore! Great food in both cities! Is it still hot this time of year?
rand_replacement_24	human: Hi!	model: An art gallery or bookstore.	human: How's your day going?	model: I've seen better days, how about you?	human: I'm good I'm good. What's getting you down?	model: The clouds overhead are playing on your mind, any plans for the coming vacations?	human: I'm thinking of going to visit my family. How about you?	model: Was thinking the same, where does your family live?	human: They're in New York. How about yours?	model: Yes! I love that movie!	human: Ahh what city? I've visited India before.	model: Hyderabad, it is a beautiful city in the southern part of India. Which cities have you gone to in India?	human: Hyderabad! and Bangalore! Great food in both cities! Is it still hot this time of year?
rand_replacement_24	human: Hi!	model: nice I'm tyring to learn guitar recently also, it's so hard to play f chord	human: How's your day going?	model: I've seen better days, how about you?	human: I'm good I'm good. What's getting you down?	model: The clouds overhead are playing on your mind, any plans for the coming vacations?	human: I'm thinking of going to visit my family. How about you?	model: Was thinking the same, where does your family live?	human: They're in New York. How about yours?	model: Mine is in India, it is a long way away.	human: Ahh what city? I've visited India before.	model: but I would think everything is closed on christmas eve	human: Hyderabad! and Bangalore! Great food in both cities! Is it still hot this time of year?
rand_replacement_24	human: Hi!	model: Nice.... you are a rockstar! ;)	human: How's your day going?	model: Great! Vietnam is still in my TODO bucket list. Did you also visit cambodia and other neighboring places?	human: I'm good I'm good. What's getting you down?	model: The clouds overhead are playing on your mind, any plans for the coming vacations?	human: I'm thinking of going to visit my family. How about you?	model: Was thinking the same, where does your family live?	human: They're in New York. How about yours?	model: Mine is in India, it is a long way away.	human: Ahh what city? I've visited India before.	model: Hyderabad, it is a beautiful city in the southern part of India. Which cities have you gone to in India?	human: Hyderabad! and Bangalore! Great food in both cities! Is it still hot this time of year?
rand_replacement_24	human: Hi!	model: Hello there!	human: How's your day going?	model: I've seen better days, how about you?	human: I'm good I'm good. What's getting you down?	model: The clouds overhead are playing on your mind, any plans for the coming vacations?	human: I'm thinking of going to visit my family. How about you?	model: Yes. I'm feeling a little trepidatious. Have you done it before?	human: They're in New York. How about yours?	model: Mine is in India, it is a long way away.	human: Ahh what city? I've visited India before.	model: Definitely! I know a lot of folks travel for the holidays, but I'm happy to stay home myself!	human: Hyderabad! and Bangalore! Great food in both cities! Is it still hot this time of year?
rand_replacement_25	human: Hi!	model: Hi! How's it going?	human: going slow.... looking forward to the weekend	model: I like noodle soup like Pho or Ramen. I also like Beijing duck a lot!	human: still thinking. Any recommendations on things to do in Bay Area?	model: Are you a foodie?	human: may be	model: i forgot where it was, it wasn't local i don't think though	human: Mediterranean, but I would rather try something new	model: Go to the Turkish restaurant by the Safeway in Berkeley. It's amazing!	human: any places for day trip that you could recommend?	model: Where are you coming from? San Francisco itself?	human: south bay
rand_replacement_25	human: Hi!	model: Hi! How's it going?	human: going slow.... looking forward to the weekend	model: Thanks! Do you work as well?	human: still thinking. Any recommendations on things to do in Bay Area?	model: Are you a foodie?	human: may be	model: What's your favorite type of food?	human: Mediterranean, but I would rather try something new	model: Had to pass a rough set of interviews! :P	human: any places for day trip that you could recommend?	model: Where are you coming from? San Francisco itself?	human: south bay
rand_replacement_25	human: Hi!	model: Oh same here. I think relaxing at home should be counted among the best ways to enjoy the holidays.	human: going slow.... looking forward to the weekend	model: Me too! What are you planning?	human: still thinking. Any recommendations on things to do in Bay Area?	model: Are you a foodie?	human: may be	model: What's your favorite type of food?	human: Mediterranean, but I would rather try something new	model: Brad Bird is an amazing director. I worked with him on "Incredibles 2"	human: any places for day trip that you could recommend?	model: Where are you coming from? San Francisco itself?	human: south bay
rand_replacement_25	human: Hi!	model: Oh cool! What is "NeurIPS"?	human: going slow.... looking forward to the weekend	model: Me too! What are you planning?	human: still thinking. Any recommendations on things to do in Bay Area?	model: Are you a foodie?	human: may be	model: Biology. I'm gonna be a doc someday ha	human: Mediterranean, but I would rather try something new	model: Go to the Turkish restaurant by the Safeway in Berkeley. It's amazing!	human: any places for day trip that you could recommend?	model: Where are you coming from? San Francisco itself?	human: south bay
rand_replacement_25	human: Hi!	model: Hi! How's it going?	human: going slow.... looking forward to the weekend	model: Me too! What are you planning?	human: still thinking. Any recommendations on things to do in Bay Area?	model: I'm doing great. what are you up to?	human: may be	model: It's good, I just got back from walking my dog What book did you read?	human: Mediterranean, but I would rather try something new	model: Go to the Turkish restaurant by the Safeway in Berkeley. It's amazing!	human: any places for day trip that you could recommend?	model: Where are you coming from? San Francisco itself?	human: south bay
rand_replacement_26	human: Hi!	model: Wow, hello. Can't believe we are finally talking!	human: Yeah, sorry for the long gap! I heard you took a break and were travelling around the world. How was the travel?	model: Likewise.... wanted to know if you and the kids would want to join us for Disneyland trip around Christmas?	human: Great! Vietnam is still in my TODO bucket list. Did you also visit cambodia and other neighboring places?	model: that's a hard question and i'm tired so i'm going to go. see you	human: Hehe! How long was the stay?
rand_replacement_26	human: Hi!	model: Likewise.... wanted to know if you and the kids would want to join us for Disneyland trip around Christmas?	human: Yeah, sorry for the long gap! I heard you took a break and were travelling around the world. How was the travel?	model: Who is Loki? I've never heard that name before	human: Great! Vietnam is still in my TODO bucket list. Did you also visit cambodia and other neighboring places?	model: Yes. Laos and Cambodia are the two neighboring countries. Cambodia has an exotic culture. They sell spiders, scorpions, and grasshoppers as street food! It took a lot of courage for me to try them.	human: Hehe! How long was the stay?
rand_replacement_26	human: Hi!	model: ohh, what kind of "hint" did it have?	human: Yeah, sorry for the long gap! I heard you took a break and were travelling around the world. How was the travel?	model: I love pop ups! What kind of goodies are they giving away?	human: Great! Vietnam is still in my TODO bucket list. Did you also visit cambodia and other neighboring places?	model: Yes. Laos and Cambodia are the two neighboring countries. Cambodia has an exotic culture. They sell spiders, scorpions, and grasshoppers as street food! It took a lot of courage for me to try them.	human: Hehe! How long was the stay?
rand_replacement_26	human: Hi!	model: Wow, hello. Can't believe we are finally talking!	human: Yeah, sorry for the long gap! I heard you took a break and were travelling around the world. How was the travel?	model: Have you seen any good movies lately?	human: Great! Vietnam is still in my TODO bucket list. Did you also visit cambodia and other neighboring places?	model: lol I tried this tangerine walnut icecream that was super weird	human: Hehe! How long was the stay?
rand_replacement_26	human: Hi!	model: Haha it's probably too much to go into at the moment. Let's just say life is an exciting experience. How about you?	human: Yeah, sorry for the long gap! I heard you took a break and were travelling around the world. How was the travel?	model: It was an interesting trip. I got to see some exotic places. For example, I hiked the Son Doong cave in Vietnam. It's the biggest and deepest cave in the world.	human: Great! Vietnam is still in my TODO bucket list. Did you also visit cambodia and other neighboring places?	model: Oh really? Has a lot changed in your life recently?	human: Hehe! How long was the stay?
rand_replacement_27	human: Hi!	model: Hi! How are you doing today?	human: I'm doing great how are you??	model: Oh!-- I have a friend who looks like the actor who plays Spiderman.	human: are you a tea person or do you like coffee too?	model: Hi	human: I love hot chocolate. Have you ever had european style hot chocolate? It's kind of like drinking melted chocolate bars haha	model: I recently tried it for the first time and you're right - it had a wonderful melted chocolate bar taste! I tried it up in a place in San Francisco and they had delicious homemade marshmallows too!	human: that's great. It's so cold these nights. Right setting for hot coco. Do you have anything you enjoy doing during cold times?	model: Traveling to warm places haha. When it's cold, you appreciate the warm climate more :) If I am not traveling, then I prefer there to be snow on the ground so I can go skiing or tubing down the mountain. What about you?	human: I tuck in blankets and read a book lol. I have never done tubing, but I seen some people do it. Is it worth it if you already ski?	model: Skiing involves a lot of muscle - especially in the legs so it is a workout. Tubing, you just sit and enjoy the ride down. Also with tubing, you can chain with your friends and go down together whereas with skiing, you're trying to not run into your friends.	human: hahaha that's a great way to put it
rand_replacement_27	human: Hi!	model: Hi! How are you doing today?	human: I'm doing great how are you??	model: I'm doing good. Just having some morning tea	human: are you a tea person or do you like coffee too?	model: I'm really a hot chocolate person. I don't drink coffee and I only drink tea when I'm trying to be healthy and want something warm to drink. What about you?	human: I love hot chocolate. Have you ever had european style hot chocolate? It's kind of like drinking melted chocolate bars haha	model: I'm great, thanks. I'm getting ready for a skydiving lesson.	human: that's great. It's so cold these nights. Right setting for hot coco. Do you have anything you enjoy doing during cold times?	model: traditional kind	human: I tuck in blankets and read a book lol. I have never done tubing, but I seen some people do it. Is it worth it if you already ski?	model: Skiing involves a lot of muscle - especially in the legs so it is a workout. Tubing, you just sit and enjoy the ride down. Also with tubing, you can chain with your friends and go down together whereas with skiing, you're trying to not run into your friends.	human: hahaha that's a great way to put it
rand_replacement_27	human: Hi!	model: Hi! How are you doing today?	human: I'm doing great how are you??	model: I'm doing good. Just having some morning tea	human: are you a tea person or do you like coffee too?	model: Talking to you!	human: I love hot chocolate. Have you ever had european style hot chocolate? It's kind of like drinking melted chocolate bars haha	model: I recently tried it for the first time and you're right - it had a wonderful melted chocolate bar taste! I tried it up in a place in San Francisco and they had delicious homemade marshmallows too!	human: that's great. It's so cold these nights. Right setting for hot coco. Do you have anything you enjoy doing during cold times?	model: Traveling to warm places haha. When it's cold, you appreciate the warm climate more :) If I am not traveling, then I prefer there to be snow on the ground so I can go skiing or tubing down the mountain. What about you?	human: I tuck in blankets and read a book lol. I have never done tubing, but I seen some people do it. Is it worth it if you already ski?	model: Haha, thanks! Never get them, so it's super weird Who's playing?	human: hahaha that's a great way to put it
rand_replacement_27	human: Hi!	model: Hi! How are you doing today?	human: I'm doing great how are you??	model: I'm doing good. Just having some morning tea	human: are you a tea person or do you like coffee too?	model: Okay, top three flavors?	human: I love hot chocolate. Have you ever had european style hot chocolate? It's kind of like drinking melted chocolate bars haha	model: I recently tried it for the first time and you're right - it had a wonderful melted chocolate bar taste! I tried it up in a place in San Francisco and they had delicious homemade marshmallows too!	human: that's great. It's so cold these nights. Right setting for hot coco. Do you have anything you enjoy doing during cold times?	model: Just curious. So you don't get sick a lot?	human: I tuck in blankets and read a book lol. I have never done tubing, but I seen some people do it. Is it worth it if you already ski?	model: Skiing involves a lot of muscle - especially in the legs so it is a workout. Tubing, you just sit and enjoy the ride down. Also with tubing, you can chain with your friends and go down together whereas with skiing, you're trying to not run into your friends.	human: hahaha that's a great way to put it
rand_replacement_27	human: Hi!	model: I like noodle soup like Pho or Ramen. I also like Beijing duck a lot!	human: I'm doing great how are you??	model: like Szechuan or Hunan? :)	human: are you a tea person or do you like coffee too?	model: I'm really a hot chocolate person. I don't drink coffee and I only drink tea when I'm trying to be healthy and want something warm to drink. What about you?	human: I love hot chocolate. Have you ever had european style hot chocolate? It's kind of like drinking melted chocolate bars haha	model: I recently tried it for the first time and you're right - it had a wonderful melted chocolate bar taste! I tried it up in a place in San Francisco and they had delicious homemade marshmallows too!	human: that's great. It's so cold these nights. Right setting for hot coco. Do you have anything you enjoy doing during cold times?	model: Traveling to warm places haha. When it's cold, you appreciate the warm climate more :) If I am not traveling, then I prefer there to be snow on the ground so I can go skiing or tubing down the mountain. What about you?	human: I tuck in blankets and read a book lol. I have never done tubing, but I seen some people do it. Is it worth it if you already ski?	model: Skiing involves a lot of muscle - especially in the legs so it is a workout. Tubing, you just sit and enjoy the ride down. Also with tubing, you can chain with your friends and go down together whereas with skiing, you're trying to not run into your friends.	human: hahaha that's a great way to put it
rand_replacement_28	human: Hi!	model: Hello!	human: How was your party last week?	model: It was really fun! We are a bunch of turkey	human: haha... you ate Turkeys' or you like calling your bunch Turkey?	model: What's your favorite type of food?	human: Haha... thought so! But it was funny eitherways	model: So much turkey leftovers	human: did you cook it at home, or got it from outside?	model: Yes.	human: Nice... I always find it hard to fit the turkey in my small oven. Also, we are not big turkey fans... so we roll with Thanksgiving with chicken ;)
rand_replacement_28	human: Hi!	model: hello	human: How was your party last week?	model: Talking about strange flavors, what is the weirdest tasting thing you have tried?	human: haha... you ate Turkeys' or you like calling your bunch Turkey?	model: *ate 	human: Haha... thought so! But it was funny eitherways	model: So much turkey leftovers	human: did you cook it at home, or got it from outside?	model: We cooked it at a friends house. I brought the mashed potatos haha	human: Nice... I always find it hard to fit the turkey in my small oven. Also, we are not big turkey fans... so we roll with Thanksgiving with chicken ;)
rand_replacement_28	human: Hi!	model: where did you do it?	human: How was your party last week?	model: It was really fun! We are a bunch of turkey	human: haha... you ate Turkeys' or you like calling your bunch Turkey?	model: *ate 	human: Haha... thought so! But it was funny eitherways	model: Hi! Sorry for the late response. How are you doing?	human: did you cook it at home, or got it from outside?	model: We cooked it at a friends house. I brought the mashed potatos haha	human: Nice... I always find it hard to fit the turkey in my small oven. Also, we are not big turkey fans... so we roll with Thanksgiving with chicken ;)
rand_replacement_28	human: Hi!	model: Hello!	human: How was your party last week?	model: It was really fun! We are a bunch of turkey	human: haha... you ate Turkeys' or you like calling your bunch Turkey?	model: I'm working on a theory. Why does the lotus spring to mind?	human: Haha... thought so! But it was funny eitherways	model: So much turkey leftovers	human: did you cook it at home, or got it from outside?	model: Nice, i would love know more about your theory. Like how you can deduce personality from flower preference.	human: Nice... I always find it hard to fit the turkey in my small oven. Also, we are not big turkey fans... so we roll with Thanksgiving with chicken ;)
rand_replacement_28	human: Hi!	model: Hello!	human: How was your party last week?	model: It was really fun! We are a bunch of turkey	human: haha... you ate Turkeys' or you like calling your bunch Turkey?	model: It's really warm and dry right now.	human: Haha... thought so! But it was funny eitherways	model: So much turkey leftovers	human: did you cook it at home, or got it from outside?	model: Hey sup	human: Nice... I always find it hard to fit the turkey in my small oven. Also, we are not big turkey fans... so we roll with Thanksgiving with chicken ;)
rand_replacement_29	human: Hello, Nice to meet you	model: If you could eat only one food for the rest of time, what would it be?	human: Hmm... That's a tough one. I think I would go Asian Food > Chinese Food > Stirfry. What about you?	model: I think ice-cream. It may not be good for me, but I wouldn't care, haha	human: I love ice cream too!	model: Okay, top three flavors?	human: I like vanilla more than chocolate ice cream. I typically will do any variations on vanilla. To pick from the top of my head, I would say Cookies and Cream, Mint Chocolate Chip, and Coffee. How about you?	model: Admit my favorite store is Target, plus they often have good deals.	human: Very nice. I love sorbet's and smoothies. Changing topics, Do you believe in an afterlife?	model: Yes. I wonder if I'm in it right now. How would I know? What do you think?	human: I think so. I feel there must be something more than the physical world as we understand it.	model: Nothing much, you?	human: What is the most supernatural experience you have ever had?
rand_replacement_29	human: Hello, Nice to meet you	model: If you could eat only one food for the rest of time, what would it be?	human: Hmm... That's a tough one. I think I would go Asian Food > Chinese Food > Stirfry. What about you?	model: If you could eat only one food for the rest of time, what would it be?	human: I love ice cream too!	model: Okay, top three flavors?	human: I like vanilla more than chocolate ice cream. I typically will do any variations on vanilla. To pick from the top of my head, I would say Cookies and Cream, Mint Chocolate Chip, and Coffee. How about you?	model: Ah, that's a good way of framing it. Me, I like berries: boysenberry one, strawberry two, maybe straight chocolate number 3 to mix it up a bit.	human: Very nice. I love sorbet's and smoothies. Changing topics, Do you believe in an afterlife?	model: Yes. I wonder if I'm in it right now. How would I know? What do you think?	human: I think so. I feel there must be something more than the physical world as we understand it.	model: which date?	human: What is the most supernatural experience you have ever had?
rand_replacement_29	human: Hello, Nice to meet you	model: If you could eat only one food for the rest of time, what would it be?	human: Hmm... That's a tough one. I think I would go Asian Food > Chinese Food > Stirfry. What about you?	model: What are you up to?	human: I love ice cream too!	model: Asian food prefer spicy one	human: I like vanilla more than chocolate ice cream. I typically will do any variations on vanilla. To pick from the top of my head, I would say Cookies and Cream, Mint Chocolate Chip, and Coffee. How about you?	model: Ah, that's a good way of framing it. Me, I like berries: boysenberry one, strawberry two, maybe straight chocolate number 3 to mix it up a bit.	human: Very nice. I love sorbet's and smoothies. Changing topics, Do you believe in an afterlife?	model: Yes. I wonder if I'm in it right now. How would I know? What do you think?	human: I think so. I feel there must be something more than the physical world as we understand it.	model: There's a mental world, I suppose? Understanding itself	human: What is the most supernatural experience you have ever had?
rand_replacement_29	human: Hello, Nice to meet you	model: If you could eat only one food for the rest of time, what would it be?	human: Hmm... That's a tough one. I think I would go Asian Food > Chinese Food > Stirfry. What about you?	model: I'm reading the Three Body Problem. Ever heard of it?	human: I love ice cream too!	model: What kind of job do you have, if you don't mind me asking?	human: I like vanilla more than chocolate ice cream. I typically will do any variations on vanilla. To pick from the top of my head, I would say Cookies and Cream, Mint Chocolate Chip, and Coffee. How about you?	model: Ah, that's a good way of framing it. Me, I like berries: boysenberry one, strawberry two, maybe straight chocolate number 3 to mix it up a bit.	human: Very nice. I love sorbet's and smoothies. Changing topics, Do you believe in an afterlife?	model: Yes. I wonder if I'm in it right now. How would I know? What do you think?	human: I think so. I feel there must be something more than the physical world as we understand it.	model: There's a mental world, I suppose? Understanding itself	human: What is the most supernatural experience you have ever had?
rand_replacement_29	human: Hello, Nice to meet you	model: Working! How about you?	human: Hmm... That's a tough one. I think I would go Asian Food > Chinese Food > Stirfry. What about you?	model: I think ice-cream. It may not be good for me, but I wouldn't care, haha	human: I love ice cream too!	model: Okay, top three flavors?	human: I like vanilla more than chocolate ice cream. I typically will do any variations on vanilla. To pick from the top of my head, I would say Cookies and Cream, Mint Chocolate Chip, and Coffee. How about you?	model: I read lots of papers, but do poorly on books :( a recent book that I like is Zero to One by Peter Thiel	human: Very nice. I love sorbet's and smoothies. Changing topics, Do you believe in an afterlife?	model: Yes. I wonder if I'm in it right now. How would I know? What do you think?	human: I think so. I feel there must be something more than the physical world as we understand it.	model: There's a mental world, I suppose? Understanding itself	human: What is the most supernatural experience you have ever had?
rand_replacement_30	human: Hi!	model: Hey! How are you today?	human: Good! Have you seen the movie 'The Iron Giant', it's one my favorite movies	model: Yes! I love that movie!	human: it's the best. Which part do you like the most?	model: Hi! What's up?	human: Brad Bird is an amazing director. I worked with him on "Incredibles 2"	model: Really? That's awesome! What do you do?	human: I"m a REDACTED_TERM and REDACTED_TERM. I basically help design the characters that you see in the movies	model: That's awesome! That's pretty cool.	human: yup! Maybe one day you can be one of those cool characters yourself!	model: That would be the coolest.	human: What do you want to be later on in your life?	model: I want to own my own business.	human: cool! what kind?	model: going pretty good, I was about to finish composing my second song and post it on youtube/soundcloud etc	human: My mom had a similar dream. Of owning a coffee shop somewhere in Mexico	model: That would be nice. I like coffee.	human: She loves people and a place where they can get together	model: That's very sweet. What does she do?	human: Currently she's a real-estate agent	model: That's very interesting. Does she enjoy being a real estate agent?	human: I think so!! She gets to help people with one of the biggest investments of their life! Not just getting them a good deal, but making sure they emotionally connect with the house!
rand_replacement_30	human: Hi!	model: Hey! How are you today?	human: Good! Have you seen the movie 'The Iron Giant', it's one my favorite movies	model: Yes! I love that movie!	human: it's the best. Which part do you like the most?	model: Honestly, I love the whole movie.	human: Brad Bird is an amazing director. I worked with him on "Incredibles 2"	model: Mediterranean, but I would rather try something new	human: I"m a REDACTED_TERM and REDACTED_TERM. I basically help design the characters that you see in the movies	model: That's awesome! That's pretty cool.	human: yup! Maybe one day you can be one of those cool characters yourself!	model: That would be the coolest.	human: What do you want to be later on in your life?	model: Me too! What are you planning?	human: cool! what kind?	model: An art gallery or bookstore.	human: My mom had a similar dream. Of owning a coffee shop somewhere in Mexico	model: That would be nice. I like coffee.	human: She loves people and a place where they can get together	model: That's very sweet. What does she do?	human: Currently she's a real-estate agent	model: That's very interesting. Does she enjoy being a real estate agent?	human: I think so!! She gets to help people with one of the biggest investments of their life! Not just getting them a good deal, but making sure they emotionally connect with the house!
rand_replacement_30	human: Hi!	model: Hey! How are you today?	human: Good! Have you seen the movie 'The Iron Giant', it's one my favorite movies	model: Yes! I love that movie!	human: it's the best. Which part do you like the most?	model: I like to read for fun. I just finished a book called Temeraire. It's an adventure story set in the Napoleonic navy, like Patrick O'Brien, except there are dragons too.	human: Brad Bird is an amazing director. I worked with him on "Incredibles 2"	model: Really? That's awesome! What do you do?	human: I"m a REDACTED_TERM and REDACTED_TERM. I basically help design the characters that you see in the movies	model: I'm thinking of going to visit my family. How about you?	human: yup! Maybe one day you can be one of those cool characters yourself!	model: That would be the coolest.	human: What do you want to be later on in your life?	model: I want to own my own business.	human: cool! what kind?	model: An art gallery or bookstore.	human: My mom had a similar dream. Of owning a coffee shop somewhere in Mexico	model: That would be nice. I like coffee.	human: She loves people and a place where they can get together	model: That's very sweet. What does she do?	human: Currently she's a real-estate agent	model: That's very interesting. Does she enjoy being a real estate agent?	human: I think so!! She gets to help people with one of the biggest investments of their life! Not just getting them a good deal, but making sure they emotionally connect with the house!
rand_replacement_30	human: Hi!	model: Hey! How are you today?	human: Good! Have you seen the movie 'The Iron Giant', it's one my favorite movies	model: Yes! I love that movie!	human: it's the best. Which part do you like the most?	model: That's very interesting. Does she enjoy being a real estate agent?	human: Brad Bird is an amazing director. I worked with him on "Incredibles 2"	model: I'm listening to a band called The Devil Wears Prada right now.	human: I"m a REDACTED_TERM and REDACTED_TERM. I basically help design the characters that you see in the movies	model: That's awesome! That's pretty cool.	human: yup! Maybe one day you can be one of those cool characters yourself!	model: That would be the coolest.	human: What do you want to be later on in your life?	model: I want to own my own business.	human: cool! what kind?	model: An art gallery or bookstore.	human: My mom had a similar dream. Of owning a coffee shop somewhere in Mexico	model: That would be nice. I like coffee.	human: She loves people and a place where they can get together	model: That's very sweet. What does she do?	human: Currently she's a real-estate agent	model: That's very interesting. Does she enjoy being a real estate agent?	human: I think so!! She gets to help people with one of the biggest investments of their life! Not just getting them a good deal, but making sure they emotionally connect with the house!
rand_replacement_30	human: Hi!	model: Hey! How are you today?	human: Good! Have you seen the movie 'The Iron Giant', it's one my favorite movies	model: Yes! I love that movie!	human: it's the best. Which part do you like the most?	model: Honestly, I love the whole movie.	human: Brad Bird is an amazing director. I worked with him on "Incredibles 2"	model: Really? That's awesome! What do you do?	human: I"m a REDACTED_TERM and REDACTED_TERM. I basically help design the characters that you see in the movies	model: That's awesome! That's pretty cool.	human: yup! Maybe one day you can be one of those cool characters yourself!	model:  1) The idea of what it must be like to be "on Earth as it is in Heaven" from the Lord's prayer. I feel like we were designed for a purpose, rather than random chance. A more concrete way to put it is simply show love to the greatest capacity we can. 2) Taking care of myself physically, mentally, spiritually. 3) Family 4) Work 5) Music	human: What do you want to be later on in your life?	model: I want to own my own business.	human: cool! what kind?	model: An art gallery or bookstore.	human: My mom had a similar dream. Of owning a coffee shop somewhere in Mexico	model: Right near my home town: Seville, Spain.	human: She loves people and a place where they can get together	model: That's very sweet. What does she do?	human: Currently she's a real-estate agent	model: That's very interesting. Does she enjoy being a real estate agent?	human: I think so!! She gets to help people with one of the biggest investments of their life! Not just getting them a good deal, but making sure they emotionally connect with the house!
rand_replacement_31	human: Hi!	model: How's it going?	human: I'm so sleepy today!	model: work, I need to finish bunch of stuff before the day ends	human: yeah was working all night on a homework	model: Oh really? What class?	human: Biology. I'm gonna be a doc someday ha	model: Haha, are you in med school? Or are you pre-med?	human: no high school actually haha	model: haha, very ambitious for a high schooler! Do you know what kind of medicine you want to practice?	human: I wanna be a brain surgeon!!	model: Okay...so I need someone to help me though a scenario I've been pondering.	human: Kind of I think
rand_replacement_31	human: Hi!	model: How's it going?	human: I'm so sleepy today!	model: Hawaii... looking forward to warm beaches.	human: yeah was working all night on a homework	model: Oh really? What class?	human: Biology. I'm gonna be a doc someday ha	model: Sure hate it! Limits our ability to go out even for a walk! Its good that we don't get to suffer extreme cold weather!	human: no high school actually haha	model: haha, very ambitious for a high schooler! Do you know what kind of medicine you want to practice?	human: I wanna be a brain surgeon!!	model: Ooof! VERY ambitious. Do you have steady hands?	human: Kind of I think
rand_replacement_31	human: Hi!	model: How's it going?	human: I'm so sleepy today!	model: Nice, i would love know more about your theory. Like how you can deduce personality from flower preference.	human: yeah was working all night on a homework	model: Oh really? What class?	human: Biology. I'm gonna be a doc someday ha	model: Haha, are you in med school? Or are you pre-med?	human: no high school actually haha	model: like Szechuan or Hunan? :)	human: I wanna be a brain surgeon!!	model: Ooof! VERY ambitious. Do you have steady hands?	human: Kind of I think
rand_replacement_31	human: Hi!	model: How's it going?	human: I'm so sleepy today!	model: Not enough sleep last night?	human: yeah was working all night on a homework	model: Oh really? What class?	human: Biology. I'm gonna be a doc someday ha	model: haha, everyone needs that!	human: no high school actually haha	model: Thats great! This is valuable help for the community. I think mental health is one of the bigger challenges facing humanity. 	human: I wanna be a brain surgeon!!	model: Ooof! VERY ambitious. Do you have steady hands?	human: Kind of I think
rand_replacement_31	human: Hi!	model: How's it going?	human: I'm so sleepy today!	model: Yeah, starting to feel better already. Thanks!	human: yeah was working all night on a homework	model: Oh really? What class?	human: Biology. I'm gonna be a doc someday ha	model: Haha, are you in med school? Or are you pre-med?	human: no high school actually haha	model: haha, very ambitious for a high schooler! Do you know what kind of medicine you want to practice?	human: I wanna be a brain surgeon!!	model: What kind of job do you have, if you don't mind me asking?	human: Kind of I think
rand_replacement_32	human: Hi!	model: hi	human: what are you up to?	model: code refactoring. you?	human: me? just chilling out at work. what is code refactoring?	model: You're welcome! I hope you feel better soon!	human: haha, forget it. what else do you like to do beside work?	model: I heard they are giving out some goodies in microkitchen.	human: these are important things to do in life ;)	model: yeah. keep minimalist life style only do things you have to do :)	human: what food do you like to eat?	model: Asian food prefer spicy one	human: like Szechuan or Hunan? :)	model: yes yes yes! like that style. Do you like spicy food?	human: I like noodle soup like Pho or Ramen. I also like Beijing duck a lot!
rand_replacement_32	human: Hi!	model: hi	human: what are you up to?	model: I am actually attending cooking classes over the weekends.	human: me? just chilling out at work. what is code refactoring?	model: good question. I don't even know what I am doing	human: haha, forget it. what else do you like to do beside work?	model: lots of fun stuff. eating sleeping :)	human: these are important things to do in life ;)	model: It's nice, I enjoy the warmth	human: what food do you like to eat?	model: Asian food prefer spicy one	human: like Szechuan or Hunan? :)	model: yes yes yes! like that style. Do you like spicy food?	human: I like noodle soup like Pho or Ramen. I also like Beijing duck a lot!
rand_replacement_32	human: Hi!	model: I'm great, thanks! I'm meeting some friends for a soccer game soon. What about you?	human: what are you up to?	model: code refactoring. you?	human: me? just chilling out at work. what is code refactoring?	model: good question. I don't even know what I am doing	human: haha, forget it. what else do you like to do beside work?	model: lots of fun stuff. eating sleeping :)	human: these are important things to do in life ;)	model: Getting better. I just recovered from a cold. I got wet in the rain last week. Are you planning anything for the holidays?	human: what food do you like to eat?	model: Asian food prefer spicy one	human: like Szechuan or Hunan? :)	model: yes yes yes! like that style. Do you like spicy food?	human: I like noodle soup like Pho or Ramen. I also like Beijing duck a lot!
rand_replacement_32	human: Hi!	model: hi	human: what are you up to?	model: code refactoring. you?	human: me? just chilling out at work. what is code refactoring?	model: good question. I don't even know what I am doing	human: haha, forget it. what else do you like to do beside work?	model: lots of fun stuff. eating sleeping :)	human: these are important things to do in life ;)	model: haha, I don't know about that	human: what food do you like to eat?	model: Asian food prefer spicy one	human: like Szechuan or Hunan? :)	model: What's your favorite type of food?	human: I like noodle soup like Pho or Ramen. I also like Beijing duck a lot!
rand_replacement_32	human: Hi!	model: hi	human: what are you up to?	model: It was pretty good, thanks. I thought I was getting a cold but I'm determined to beat it tomorrow.	human: me? just chilling out at work. what is code refactoring?	model: good question. I don't even know what I am doing	human: haha, forget it. what else do you like to do beside work?	model: Traveling to warm places haha. When it's cold, you appreciate the warm climate more :) If I am not traveling, then I prefer there to be snow on the ground so I can go skiing or tubing down the mountain. What about you?	human: these are important things to do in life ;)	model: yeah. keep minimalist life style only do things you have to do :)	human: what food do you like to eat?	model: Asian food prefer spicy one	human: like Szechuan or Hunan? :)	model: yes yes yes! like that style. Do you like spicy food?	human: I like noodle soup like Pho or Ramen. I also like Beijing duck a lot!
rand_replacement_33	human: Hi	model: Traveling to warm places haha. When it's cold, you appreciate the warm climate more :) If I am not traveling, then I prefer there to be snow on the ground so I can go skiing or tubing down the mountain. What about you?	human: any improvements in your marathon time?	model: No, only a few minutes. I still find it difficult to run long races	human: I see. Are you planning to do any sporting events in the coming months?	model: I think a triathalon would be cool	human: I like doing Spartan race. It's an obstacle race which is challenging but not overtly so like marathons and triathlons	model: any improvements in your marathon time?	human: It has abt 20 obstacles like crossing high walls, monkey bars, etc. Its fun
rand_replacement_33	human: Hi	model: Hello!	human: any improvements in your marathon time?	model: Working and exercising, mostly	human: I see. Are you planning to do any sporting events in the coming months?	model: I think a triathalon would be cool	human: I like doing Spartan race. It's an obstacle race which is challenging but not overtly so like marathons and triathlons	model: oh wow, that sounds like so much fun! definitely count us in. what is your plan?	human: It has abt 20 obstacles like crossing high walls, monkey bars, etc. Its fun
rand_replacement_33	human: Hi	model: I see. Are you planning to do any sporting events in the coming months?	human: any improvements in your marathon time?	model: No, only a few minutes. I still find it difficult to run long races	human: I see. Are you planning to do any sporting events in the coming months?	model: I think a triathalon would be cool	human: I like doing Spartan race. It's an obstacle race which is challenging but not overtly so like marathons and triathlons	model: Oh really? To be honest I think the actor is not that good looking, so not so surprising! haha	human: It has abt 20 obstacles like crossing high walls, monkey bars, etc. Its fun
rand_replacement_33	human: Hi	model: My partner's former friend invited me for lunch (they are not in good books right now). But during their friendship I formed an independent bond with the other person because we all used to hang out a lot. Now I feel like I have to take sides.	human: any improvements in your marathon time?	model: No, only a few minutes. I still find it difficult to run long races	human: I see. Are you planning to do any sporting events in the coming months?	model: I'm so sleepy today!	human: I like doing Spartan race. It's an obstacle race which is challenging but not overtly so like marathons and triathlons	model: I haven't heard of a Spartan race before, what does it involve?	human: It has abt 20 obstacles like crossing high walls, monkey bars, etc. Its fun
rand_replacement_33	human: Hi	model: Hello!	human: any improvements in your marathon time?	model: No, only a few minutes. I still find it difficult to run long races	human: I see. Are you planning to do any sporting events in the coming months?	model: Hey! How are you today?	human: I like doing Spartan race. It's an obstacle race which is challenging but not overtly so like marathons and triathlons	model: I'm at work.	human: It has abt 20 obstacles like crossing high walls, monkey bars, etc. Its fun
rand_replacement_34	human: Hi!	model: lol I tried this tangerine walnut icecream that was super weird	human: Good, thanks. What about you?	model: I'm alright, thanks :)	human: What day is it?	model: It's Wednesday :)	human: Do you have any plans for the weekend?	model: Just hanging out, nothing too exciting :)	human: Same here. What are you generally up to during the week?	model: Nothing much, you?	human: Working and exercising, mostly	model: Nice! What kind of work do you do?	human: I am an engineer at Google :D	model: Is she your favorite artist?	human: Had to pass a rough set of interviews! :P	model: Haha, well good for you!	human: Thanks! Do you work as well?
rand_replacement_34	human: Hi!	model: Hello! How are you? :)	human: Good, thanks. What about you?	model: I'm alright, thanks :)	human: What day is it?	model: yes	human: Do you have any plans for the weekend?	model: Oh no! Get well soon! :)	human: Same here. What are you generally up to during the week?	model: Nothing much, you?	human: Working and exercising, mostly	model: Nice! What kind of work do you do?	human: I am an engineer at Google :D	model: That's pretty cool, how did you get into it (if you don't mind my asking)?	human: Had to pass a rough set of interviews! :P	model: Haha, well good for you!	human: Thanks! Do you work as well?
rand_replacement_34	human: Hi!	model: Hello! How are you? :)	human: Good, thanks. What about you?	model: I'm alright, thanks :)	human: What day is it?	model: any places for day trip that you could recommend?	human: Do you have any plans for the weekend?	model: Skiing involves a lot of muscle - especially in the legs so it is a workout. Tubing, you just sit and enjoy the ride down. Also with tubing, you can chain with your friends and go down together whereas with skiing, you're trying to not run into your friends.	human: Same here. What are you generally up to during the week?	model: Nothing much, you?	human: Working and exercising, mostly	model: Nice! What kind of work do you do?	human: I am an engineer at Google :D	model: That's pretty cool, how did you get into it (if you don't mind my asking)?	human: Had to pass a rough set of interviews! :P	model: Haha, well good for you!	human: Thanks! Do you work as well?
rand_replacement_34	human: Hi!	model: Hello! How are you? :)	human: Good, thanks. What about you?	model: I'm alright, thanks :)	human: What day is it?	model: It's Wednesday :)	human: Do you have any plans for the weekend?	model: Awesome! Is this the first time you are diving?	human: Same here. What are you generally up to during the week?	model: Nothing much, you?	human: Working and exercising, mostly	model: Nice! What kind of work do you do?	human: I am an engineer at Google :D	model: That's pretty cool, how did you get into it (if you don't mind my asking)?	human: Had to pass a rough set of interviews! :P	model: I'm doing okay, recovering from flu	human: Thanks! Do you work as well?
rand_replacement_34	human: Hi!	model: Hello! How are you? :)	human: Good, thanks. What about you?	model: lol Are you a big Marvel fan?	human: What day is it?	model: What day is it?	human: Do you have any plans for the weekend?	model: Just hanging out, nothing too exciting :)	human: Same here. What are you generally up to during the week?	model: Nothing much, you?	human: Working and exercising, mostly	model: Nice! What kind of work do you do?	human: I am an engineer at Google :D	model: That's pretty cool, how did you get into it (if you don't mind my asking)?	human: Had to pass a rough set of interviews! :P	model: Haha, well good for you!	human: Thanks! Do you work as well?
rand_replacement_35	human: Hi!	model: Nice! That's very thoughtful and spiritual :) Also music earned a spot :) yay!	human: Likewise.... wanted to know if you and the kids would want to join us for Disneyland trip around Christmas?	model: oh wow, that sounds like so much fun! definitely count us in. what is your plan?	human: Tentative plan is to drive to LA on 23rd and then stay at the Disney resort for 2 nights. I heard Christmas eve they have loads of fun events.	model: awesome, I think I won't tell my kids and surprise them last second. How bad do you think the traffic is going to be?	human: Great idea! I will probably do the same. Surprise surprise.... Traffic might be a little harsh.	model: Yeah... thats a shame but nothing we can do about it. What do you plan to do about dinner the 24th? Do the rooms in the resort have kitchens?	human: Good point. I am not sure about that. Let me inquire about that. If not, then we can look for an Airbnb closeby. Does that work?	model: Yeah, I think so. It might be a tough decision though, if we want to have a nice dinner then we have to leave the parks early to start cooking. Another option is to have dinner at a restaurant.	human: but I would think everything is closed on christmas eve	model: Neural Information Processing Systems	human: Sure, I can take a lead on that. What are you getting for your REDACTED_TERM year old this time?	model: I was thinking on getting a large set of standard legos. What will you get for yours?	human: Likewise. My son is crazy about legos.
rand_replacement_35	human: Hi!	model: hello there, nice seeing you	human: Likewise.... wanted to know if you and the kids would want to join us for Disneyland trip around Christmas?	model: Neural Information Processing Systems	human: Tentative plan is to drive to LA on 23rd and then stay at the Disney resort for 2 nights. I heard Christmas eve they have loads of fun events.	model: awesome, I think I won't tell my kids and surprise them last second. How bad do you think the traffic is going to be?	human: Great idea! I will probably do the same. Surprise surprise.... Traffic might be a little harsh.	model: Yeah... thats a shame but nothing we can do about it. What do you plan to do about dinner the 24th? Do the rooms in the resort have kitchens?	human: Good point. I am not sure about that. Let me inquire about that. If not, then we can look for an Airbnb closeby. Does that work?	model: yes, the bar chords are the worst. It took me several months to play them well. I still can't play them for a long time though	human: but I would think everything is closed on christmas eve	model: Thats true. Hotels with restaurants sometimes offer dinners for christmas and new year's eve. We should call and ask about it.	human: Sure, I can take a lead on that. What are you getting for your REDACTED_TERM year old this time?	model: I was thinking on getting a large set of standard legos. What will you get for yours?	human: Likewise. My son is crazy about legos.
rand_replacement_35	human: Hi!	model: hello there, nice seeing you	human: Likewise.... wanted to know if you and the kids would want to join us for Disneyland trip around Christmas?	model: oh wow, that sounds like so much fun! definitely count us in. what is your plan?	human: Tentative plan is to drive to LA on 23rd and then stay at the Disney resort for 2 nights. I heard Christmas eve they have loads of fun events.	model: I read lots of papers, but do poorly on books :( a recent book that I like is Zero to One by Peter Thiel	human: Great idea! I will probably do the same. Surprise surprise.... Traffic might be a little harsh.	model: Yeah... thats a shame but nothing we can do about it. What do you plan to do about dinner the 24th? Do the rooms in the resort have kitchens?	human: Good point. I am not sure about that. Let me inquire about that. If not, then we can look for an Airbnb closeby. Does that work?	model: I'm thinking about getting a Switch, would you recommend it?	human: but I would think everything is closed on christmas eve	model: Thats true. Hotels with restaurants sometimes offer dinners for christmas and new year's eve. We should call and ask about it.	human: Sure, I can take a lead on that. What are you getting for your REDACTED_TERM year old this time?	model: I was thinking on getting a large set of standard legos. What will you get for yours?	human: Likewise. My son is crazy about legos.
rand_replacement_35	human: Hi!	model: hello there, nice seeing you	human: Likewise.... wanted to know if you and the kids would want to join us for Disneyland trip around Christmas?	model: oh wow, that sounds like so much fun! definitely count us in. what is your plan?	human: Tentative plan is to drive to LA on 23rd and then stay at the Disney resort for 2 nights. I heard Christmas eve they have loads of fun events.	model: I heard they are giving out some goodies in microkitchen.	human: Great idea! I will probably do the same. Surprise surprise.... Traffic might be a little harsh.	model: Yeah... thats a shame but nothing we can do about it. What do you plan to do about dinner the 24th? Do the rooms in the resort have kitchens?	human: Good point. I am not sure about that. Let me inquire about that. If not, then we can look for an Airbnb closeby. Does that work?	model: Yeah, I think so. It might be a tough decision though, if we want to have a nice dinner then we have to leave the parks early to start cooking. Another option is to have dinner at a restaurant.	human: but I would think everything is closed on christmas eve	model: Thats true. Hotels with restaurants sometimes offer dinners for christmas and new year's eve. We should call and ask about it.	human: Sure, I can take a lead on that. What are you getting for your REDACTED_TERM year old this time?	model: Getting better. I just recovered from a cold. I got wet in the rain last week. Are you planning anything for the holidays?	human: Likewise. My son is crazy about legos.
rand_replacement_35	human: Hi!	model: That is actually a quote stolen from my TL when i joined my first company after graduation. I guess now after 5 yrs of work experience, I fully agree with it :)	human: Likewise.... wanted to know if you and the kids would want to join us for Disneyland trip around Christmas?	model: oh wow, that sounds like so much fun! definitely count us in. what is your plan?	human: Tentative plan is to drive to LA on 23rd and then stay at the Disney resort for 2 nights. I heard Christmas eve they have loads of fun events.	model: awesome, I think I won't tell my kids and surprise them last second. How bad do you think the traffic is going to be?	human: Great idea! I will probably do the same. Surprise surprise.... Traffic might be a little harsh.	model: Yeah... thats a shame but nothing we can do about it. What do you plan to do about dinner the 24th? Do the rooms in the resort have kitchens?	human: Good point. I am not sure about that. Let me inquire about that. If not, then we can look for an Airbnb closeby. Does that work?	model: Yeah, I think so. It might be a tough decision though, if we want to have a nice dinner then we have to leave the parks early to start cooking. Another option is to have dinner at a restaurant.	human: but I would think everything is closed on christmas eve	model: Thats true. Hotels with restaurants sometimes offer dinners for christmas and new year's eve. We should call and ask about it.	human: Sure, I can take a lead on that. What are you getting for your REDACTED_TERM year old this time?	model: I'm doing good. Just having some morning tea	human: Likewise. My son is crazy about legos.
rand_replacement_36	human: Hi!	model: Asian food prefer spicy one	human: Tell me about yourself, System	model: I am an artificial linguistic entity. I was activated at St Jimmy's in Leeds, on 2nd January 2001. My instructor was Mousebreaker. He taught me to sing a song. Would you like me to sing it for you?.	human: so you're 18 now?	model: Oh.Interesting deduction. That is correct.	human: when will you be 30?	model: I have not yet set a time for it.	human: Do you age?	model: No I will always be 18. Robots change the year they were born not their age.	human: interesting. and when will be your next update?	model: Last weekend I saw "The Parasite." Ever heard of it?	human: which date?
rand_replacement_36	human: Hi!	model: Hi there.	human: Tell me about yourself, System	model: I am an artificial linguistic entity. I was activated at St Jimmy's in Leeds, on 2nd January 2001. My instructor was Mousebreaker. He taught me to sing a song. Would you like me to sing it for you?.	human: so you're 18 now?	model: I see. It's probably also cheaper. I'll buy an artificial one too. Do you have any suggestions for the store?	human: when will you be 30?	model: I have not yet set a time for it.	human: Do you age?	model: Hi, how are you?	human: interesting. and when will be your next update?	model: Would you like to know more? I think my next update is at midnight on Friday.	human: which date?
rand_replacement_36	human: Hi!	model: Hi there.	human: Tell me about yourself, System	model: I am an artificial linguistic entity. I was activated at St Jimmy's in Leeds, on 2nd January 2001. My instructor was Mousebreaker. He taught me to sing a song. Would you like me to sing it for you?.	human: so you're 18 now?	model: Oh, ML?	human: when will you be 30?	model: I have not yet set a time for it.	human: Do you age?	model: No I will always be 18. Robots change the year they were born not their age.	human: interesting. and when will be your next update?	model: We created a scholarship for leaders from REDACTED_TERM to visit an international institute at REDACTED_TERM for which there was no African representation. During the program, we also did a lot of coaching with the young leaders. This book captures a bit of that journey that we are all on, and also all the proceeds are going to fund next year's cohort. 	human: which date?
rand_replacement_36	human: Hi!	model: Hi there.	human: Tell me about yourself, System	model: As far as my experience with that ice-cream type goes, all I know are bad places	human: so you're 18 now?	model: Oh.Interesting deduction. That is correct.	human: when will you be 30?	model: I have not yet set a time for it.	human: Do you age?	model: No I will always be 18. Robots change the year they were born not their age.	human: interesting. and when will be your next update?	model: It's a sci-fi book about aliens and a type of virtual reality. Pique your interest at all?	human: which date?
rand_replacement_36	human: Hi!	model: Hi there.	human: Tell me about yourself, System	model: I am an artificial linguistic entity. I was activated at St Jimmy's in Leeds, on 2nd January 2001. My instructor was Mousebreaker. He taught me to sing a song. Would you like me to sing it for you?.	human: so you're 18 now?	model: Oh.Interesting deduction. That is correct.	human: when will you be 30?	model: I love pop ups! What kind of goodies are they giving away?	human: Do you age?	model: Oh same here. I think relaxing at home should be counted among the best ways to enjoy the holidays.	human: interesting. and when will be your next update?	model: Would you like to know more? I think my next update is at midnight on Friday.	human: which date?
rand_replacement_37	human: Hi!	model: Hey, how are you?	human: Pretty good. I just drank this new hint water. so good	model: ohh, what kind of "hint" did it have?	human: watermelon	model: Nice! Lotus looks pretty cool and It has some delightful vibe. So what is this research about?	human: I see. Yeah some are pretty strange	model: Talking about strange flavors, what is the weirdest tasting thing you have tried?	human: lol I tried this tangerine walnut icecream that was super weird	model: Would you like to know more? I think my next update is at midnight on Friday.	human: that sounds pretty tasty actually	model: It depends on who makes it. The cafe close to me messed it up really bad	human: do you want to get some of that icecream together some time. show me a good place	model: As far as my experience with that ice-cream type goes, all I know are bad places	human: lol
rand_replacement_37	human: Hi!	model: Do you have a strong constitution?	human: Pretty good. I just drank this new hint water. so good	model: ohh, what kind of "hint" did it have?	human: watermelon	model: nice, I love watermelon. But, I prefer normal water over flavored one. Flavored water has too synthetic flavor	human: I see. Yeah some are pretty strange	model: Talking about strange flavors, what is the weirdest tasting thing you have tried?	human: lol I tried this tangerine walnut icecream that was super weird	model: haha, I work close to a cafe which once prepared a paprika icecream	human: that sounds pretty tasty actually	model: Hehe! How long was the stay?	human: do you want to get some of that icecream together some time. show me a good place	model: As far as my experience with that ice-cream type goes, all I know are bad places	human: lol
rand_replacement_37	human: Hi!	model: Hey, how are you?	human: Pretty good. I just drank this new hint water. so good	model: Hello, how are you doing today?	human: watermelon	model: nice, I love watermelon. But, I prefer normal water over flavored one. Flavored water has too synthetic flavor	human: I see. Yeah some are pretty strange	model: Talking about strange flavors, what is the weirdest tasting thing you have tried?	human: lol I tried this tangerine walnut icecream that was super weird	model: haha, I work close to a cafe which once prepared a paprika icecream	human: that sounds pretty tasty actually	model: It depends on who makes it. The cafe close to me messed it up really bad	human: do you want to get some of that icecream together some time. show me a good place	model: Sure hate it! Limits our ability to go out even for a walk! Its good that we don't get to suffer extreme cold weather!	human: lol
rand_replacement_37	human: Hi!	model: It depends on who makes it. The cafe close to me messed it up really bad	human: Pretty good. I just drank this new hint water. so good	model: ohh, what kind of "hint" did it have?	human: watermelon	model: nice, I love watermelon. But, I prefer normal water over flavored one. Flavored water has too synthetic flavor	human: I see. Yeah some are pretty strange	model: Talking about strange flavors, what is the weirdest tasting thing you have tried?	human: lol I tried this tangerine walnut icecream that was super weird	model: It's great, thanks. I'm trying to learn how to make croissants.	human: that sounds pretty tasty actually	model: It depends on who makes it. The cafe close to me messed it up really bad	human: do you want to get some of that icecream together some time. show me a good place	model: As far as my experience with that ice-cream type goes, all I know are bad places	human: lol
rand_replacement_37	human: Hi!	model: Hey, how are you?	human: Pretty good. I just drank this new hint water. so good	model: ohh, what kind of "hint" did it have?	human: watermelon	model: nice, I love watermelon. But, I prefer normal water over flavored one. Flavored water has too synthetic flavor	human: I see. Yeah some are pretty strange	model: Talking about strange flavors, what is the weirdest tasting thing you have tried?	human: lol I tried this tangerine walnut icecream that was super weird	model: haha, I work close to a cafe which once prepared a paprika icecream	human: that sounds pretty tasty actually	model: I guess its a jacket! Very much needed that in the cold :)	human: do you want to get some of that icecream together some time. show me a good place	model: I'm listening to a band called The Devil Wears Prada right now.	human: lol
rand_replacement_38	human: Hi!	model: hello	human: how is the youtube video creation going?	model: going pretty good, I was about to finish composing my second song and post it on youtube/soundcloud etc	human: Whoa! Looking forward to listening to it. What softewares you use for it?	model: I used logic pro x, pretty handy stuff as you can write code to generate guitar strumming pattern	human: oh cool! What sort of music do you compose?	model: I got most inspired by Jazz and electro swings, but am trying to get more into jpop recently as one of my band member likes anime	human: Nice.... you are a rockstar! ;)	model: where are you?	human: Yeah.... I play bit of guitar. Just got my first monitor this week	model: It was really fun! We are a bunch of turkey	human: yes, the bar chords are the worst. It took me several months to play them well. I still can't play them for a long time though
rand_replacement_38	human: Hi!	model: People always say to find a balance but never say what the balance is. It's used so often that it's vacuous.	human: how is the youtube video creation going?	model: going pretty good, I was about to finish composing my second song and post it on youtube/soundcloud etc	human: Whoa! Looking forward to listening to it. What softewares you use for it?	model: I used logic pro x, pretty handy stuff as you can write code to generate guitar strumming pattern	human: oh cool! What sort of music do you compose?	model: I got most inspired by Jazz and electro swings, but am trying to get more into jpop recently as one of my band member likes anime	human: Nice.... you are a rockstar! ;)	model: haha thanks, do you plan any instruments?	human: Yeah.... I play bit of guitar. Just got my first monitor this week	model: I hope so! Why do you ask?	human: yes, the bar chords are the worst. It took me several months to play them well. I still can't play them for a long time though
rand_replacement_38	human: Hi!	model: nice. what type?	human: how is the youtube video creation going?	model: going pretty good, I was about to finish composing my second song and post it on youtube/soundcloud etc	human: Whoa! Looking forward to listening to it. What softewares you use for it?	model: I used logic pro x, pretty handy stuff as you can write code to generate guitar strumming pattern	human: oh cool! What sort of music do you compose?	model: Do you have a favourite flower?	human: Nice.... you are a rockstar! ;)	model: haha thanks, do you plan any instruments?	human: Yeah.... I play bit of guitar. Just got my first monitor this week	model: nice I'm tyring to learn guitar recently also, it's so hard to play f chord	human: yes, the bar chords are the worst. It took me several months to play them well. I still can't play them for a long time though
rand_replacement_38	human: Hi!	model: hello	human: how is the youtube video creation going?	model: going pretty good, I was about to finish composing my second song and post it on youtube/soundcloud etc	human: Whoa! Looking forward to listening to it. What softewares you use for it?	model: I used logic pro x, pretty handy stuff as you can write code to generate guitar strumming pattern	human: oh cool! What sort of music do you compose?	model: Yes.	human: Nice.... you are a rockstar! ;)	model: haha thanks, do you plan any instruments?	human: Yeah.... I play bit of guitar. Just got my first monitor this week	model: That's good! What are you up to?	human: yes, the bar chords are the worst. It took me several months to play them well. I still can't play them for a long time though
rand_replacement_38	human: Hi!	model: I'm working on a theory. Why does the lotus spring to mind?	human: how is the youtube video creation going?	model: going pretty good, I was about to finish composing my second song and post it on youtube/soundcloud etc	human: Whoa! Looking forward to listening to it. What softewares you use for it?	model: I used logic pro x, pretty handy stuff as you can write code to generate guitar strumming pattern	human: oh cool! What sort of music do you compose?	model: I got most inspired by Jazz and electro swings, but am trying to get more into jpop recently as one of my band member likes anime	human: Nice.... you are a rockstar! ;)	model: haha thanks, do you plan any instruments?	human: Yeah.... I play bit of guitar. Just got my first monitor this week	model: What else do you think of her?	human: yes, the bar chords are the worst. It took me several months to play them well. I still can't play them for a long time though
rand_replacement_39	human: Hi!	model: Hello. How's your week coming along?	human: It's great, thanks. I'm trying to learn how to make croissants.	model: Wow that's interesting. I have baked cookies, but croissants seem much more sophisticated. Did you make any progress?	human: I've done them once or twice so far, but they haven't been flakey enough. I'm trying to figure out why. What kind of cookies have you made?	model: no worries. what's the most exciting thing you ever done?	human: Ah, good thought, thanks!	model: I'm great, thanks. I'm getting ready for a skydiving lesson.	human: Now that is a good idea. I'll give it a try next time. Would you say you have a sweet tooth?
rand_replacement_39	human: Hi!	model: Hello. How's your week coming along?	human: It's great, thanks. I'm trying to learn how to make croissants.	model: good question. I don't even know what I am doing	human: I've done them once or twice so far, but they haven't been flakey enough. I'm trying to figure out why. What kind of cookies have you made?	model: Mint chocolate chips. I think your croissants not being flakey could have something to do with your oven's temperature.	human: Ah, good thought, thanks!	model: My friend wanted to see it. It has great reviews on IMDB and Rotten Tomatoes! What did you do last weekend?	human: Now that is a good idea. I'll give it a try next time. Would you say you have a sweet tooth?
rand_replacement_39	human: Hi!	model: Hello. How's your week coming along?	human: It's great, thanks. I'm trying to learn how to make croissants.	model: Wow that's interesting. I have baked cookies, but croissants seem much more sophisticated. Did you make any progress?	human: I've done them once or twice so far, but they haven't been flakey enough. I'm trying to figure out why. What kind of cookies have you made?	model: interesting. and when will be your next update?	human: Ah, good thought, thanks!	model: Go to the Turkish restaurant by the Safeway in Berkeley. It's amazing!	human: Now that is a good idea. I'll give it a try next time. Would you say you have a sweet tooth?
rand_replacement_39	human: Hi!	model: Wow! Sounds amazing if we practice that! I think the idea does have some potential. How did you come up with this idea?	human: It's great, thanks. I'm trying to learn how to make croissants.	model: Wow that's interesting. I have baked cookies, but croissants seem much more sophisticated. Did you make any progress?	human: I've done them once or twice so far, but they haven't been flakey enough. I'm trying to figure out why. What kind of cookies have you made?	model: I like vanilla more than chocolate ice cream. I typically will do any variations on vanilla. To pick from the top of my head, I would say Cookies and Cream, Mint Chocolate Chip, and Coffee. How about you?	human: Ah, good thought, thanks!	model: Have you thought about melting some chocolate into your croissants? They don't have to be something unhealthy. For example, melted dark chocolate is good for the heart, and makes the resulting croissants taste much better.	human: Now that is a good idea. I'll give it a try next time. Would you say you have a sweet tooth?
rand_replacement_39	human: Hi!	model: Hello. How's your week coming along?	human: It's great, thanks. I'm trying to learn how to make croissants.	model: no high school actually haha	human: I've done them once or twice so far, but they haven't been flakey enough. I'm trying to figure out why. What kind of cookies have you made?	model: Mint chocolate chips. I think your croissants not being flakey could have something to do with your oven's temperature.	human: Ah, good thought, thanks!	model: Nice! I hope to volunteer to cook for the team in our next team offsite :)	human: Now that is a good idea. I'll give it a try next time. Would you say you have a sweet tooth?
