DAILYDZHAO-000000	well , how does it look ?	it 's a perfect fit .	let me pay for it now .	cash , credit card , or debit card ?
DAILYDZHAO-000001	well , how does it look ?	it 's a perfect fit .	let me pay for it now .	do you have address ?
DAILYDZHAO-000002	well , how does it look ?	it 's a perfect fit .	let me pay for it now .	here you are .
DAILYDZHAO-000003	well , how does it look ?	it 's a perfect fit .	let me pay for it now .	i 'm so sorry . i forgot to fill out the form .
DAILYDZHAO-000004	well , how does it look ?	it 's a perfect fit .	let me pay for it now .	ok , then . i 'll be back in about 3 minutes .
DAILYDZHAO-000005	well , how does it look ?	it 's a perfect fit .	let me pay for it now .	ok , thank you .
DAILYDZHAO-000006	well , how does it look ?	it 's a perfect fit .	let me pay for it now .	ok .
DAILYDZHAO-000007	well , how does it look ?	it 's a perfect fit .	let me pay for it now .	ok .
DAILYDZHAO-000008	well , how does it look ?	it 's a perfect fit .	let me pay for it now .	we have binders with local job listings or you can make use of the computers . ok ?
DAILYDZHAO-000009	can i help you , sir ?	hello , may i make an appointment for sometime early this afternoon ?	i 'm sorry . all the appointments are filled .	oh , what a pity . i 'd like to see the doctor as soon as possible . i have a sharp pain in my chest .
DAILYDZHAO-000010	can i help you , sir ?	hello , may i make an appointment for sometime early this afternoon ?	i 'm sorry . all the appointments are filled .	then at 1 30 am may i suggest a mon . i 'm afraid we have good direct flights on saturday .
DAILYDZHAO-000011	can i help you , sir ?	hello , may i make an appointment for sometime early this afternoon ?	i 'm sorry . all the appointments are filled .	how about the 10 o'clock ?
DAILYDZHAO-000012	can i help you , sir ?	hello , may i make an appointment for sometime early this afternoon ?	i 'm sorry . all the appointments are filled .	but could you make it clear that i 'm in the airport for lunch ?
DAILYDZHAO-000013	can i help you , sir ?	hello , may i make an appointment for sometime early this afternoon ?	i 'm sorry . all the appointments are filled .	i 'm afraid i ca n't . i 'm afraid i ca n't .
DAILYDZHAO-000014	can i help you , sir ?	hello , may i make an appointment for sometime early this afternoon ?	i 'm sorry . all the appointments are filled .	i 'm sorry , but i 'm not sure .
DAILYDZHAO-000015	can i help you , sir ?	hello , may i make an appointment for sometime early this afternoon ?	i 'm sorry . all the appointments are filled .	make some <unk> refills . please bring the seat in front of me . a little later to be as soon as flight is at the gate .
DAILYDZHAO-000016	can i help you , sir ?	hello , may i make an appointment for sometime early this afternoon ?	i 'm sorry . all the appointments are filled .	i 'm afraid i ca n't . i 'm afraid i ca n't .
DAILYDZHAO-000017	can i help you , sir ?	hello , may i make an appointment for sometime early this afternoon ?	i 'm sorry . all the appointments are filled .	are you sensitive to other things ?
DAILYDZHAO-000018	i have a problem with my cable .	what about it ?	my cable has been out for the past week or so .	the cable is down right now . i am very sorry .	when will it be working again ?	it should be back on in the next couple of days .
DAILYDZHAO-000019	i have a problem with my cable .	what about it ?	my cable has been out for the past week or so .	the cable is down right now . i am very sorry .	when will it be working again ?	i am not sure .
DAILYDZHAO-000020	i have a problem with my cable .	what about it ?	my cable has been out for the past week or so .	the cable is down right now . i am very sorry .	when will it be working again ?	i am not sure .
DAILYDZHAO-000021	i have a problem with my cable .	what about it ?	my cable has been out for the past week or so .	the cable is down right now . i am very sorry .	when will it be working again ?	for sure this weekend .
DAILYDZHAO-000022	i have a problem with my cable .	what about it ?	my cable has been out for the past week or so .	the cable is down right now . i am very sorry .	when will it be working again ?	this last .
DAILYDZHAO-000023	i have a problem with my cable .	what about it ?	my cable has been out for the past week or so .	the cable is down right now . i am very sorry .	when will it be working again ?	in about an hour .
DAILYDZHAO-000024	i have a problem with my cable .	what about it ?	my cable has been out for the past week or so .	the cable is down right now . i am very sorry .	when will it be working again ?	it will be at 5 00 p . m .
DAILYDZHAO-000025	i have a problem with my cable .	what about it ?	my cable has been out for the past week or so .	the cable is down right now . i am very sorry .	when will it be working again ?	can i have a meeting with us tomorrow then ?
DAILYDZHAO-000026	i have a problem with my cable .	what about it ?	my cable has been out for the past week or so .	the cable is down right now . i am very sorry .	when will it be working again ?	i had no idea that i ran it .
DAILYDZHAO-000027	did you get your bus pass ?	i have n't gone to get it yet .	why have n't you got it ?	i do n't know where to go to get one .	i know where to get them from .	where do i get it ?
DAILYDZHAO-000028	did you get your bus pass ?	i have n't gone to get it yet .	why have n't you got it ?	i do n't know where to go to get one .	i know where to get them from .	what kind of buses are they on ?
DAILYDZHAO-000029	did you get your bus pass ?	i have n't gone to get it yet .	why have n't you got it ?	i do n't know where to go to get one .	i know where to get them from .	do you know where the bus stop is ?
DAILYDZHAO-000030	did you get your bus pass ?	i have n't gone to get it yet .	why have n't you got it ?	i do n't know where to go to get one .	i know where to get them from .	do you know where to get them from ?
DAILYDZHAO-000031	did you get your bus pass ?	i have n't gone to get it yet .	why have n't you got it ?	i do n't know where to go to get one .	i know where to get them from .	i do n't know .
DAILYDZHAO-000032	did you get your bus pass ?	i have n't gone to get it yet .	why have n't you got it ?	i do n't know where to go to get one .	i know where to get them from .	i think you should go to the bookstore .
DAILYDZHAO-000033	did you get your bus pass ?	i have n't gone to get it yet .	why have n't you got it ?	i do n't know where to go to get one .	i know where to get them from .	let me see . oh , yes . there is one here .
DAILYDZHAO-000034	did you get your bus pass ?	i have n't gone to get it yet .	why have n't you got it ?	i do n't know where to go to get one .	i know where to get them from .	try my best to write in .
DAILYDZHAO-000035	did you get your bus pass ?	i have n't gone to get it yet .	why have n't you got it ?	i do n't know where to go to get one .	i know where to get them from .	are dancing figures a part of any of the boxes ?
DAILYDZHAO-000036	what 's for dinner tonight ?	what are you planning on cooking ?	i 'm not making anything .
DAILYDZHAO-000037	what 's for dinner tonight ?	what are you planning on cooking ?	i 'm not sure . i 'm not sure .
DAILYDZHAO-000038	what 's for dinner tonight ?	what are you planning on cooking ?	what 's new with you ?
DAILYDZHAO-000039	what 's for dinner tonight ?	what are you planning on cooking ?	how about some fried chicken , fried tofu , and fried rice .
DAILYDZHAO-000040	what 's for dinner tonight ?	what are you planning on cooking ?	i 'm going to have a dinner tonight .
DAILYDZHAO-000041	what 's for dinner tonight ?	what are you planning on cooking ?	i 'm going to the cinema .
DAILYDZHAO-000042	what 's for dinner tonight ?	what are you planning on cooking ?	i 'm going to work .
DAILYDZHAO-000043	what 's for dinner tonight ?	what are you planning on cooking ?	i 'd prefer to bring a tomato salad .
DAILYDZHAO-000044	what 's for dinner tonight ?	what are you planning on cooking ?	your monthly gross salary will increase by 500 .
DAILYDZHAO-000045	would you rather have her or your old boss back ?	she 's far better than my old boss . he did n't know how to express his opinion without putting at least one other person down .	how about your new co workers ?	they are all pretty easy going . it 's a very friendly place to work .	do you miss your old co workers ?	of course . i spent so much time at my old workplace that i got to know them all very well . they were like family to me .
DAILYDZHAO-000046	would you rather have her or your old boss back ?	she 's far better than my old boss . he did n't know how to express his opinion without putting at least one other person down .	how about your new co workers ?	they are all pretty easy going . it 's a very friendly place to work .	do you miss your old co workers ?	yes , i miss them very much . i 'm very happy to work with them .
DAILYDZHAO-000047	would you rather have her or your old boss back ?	she 's far better than my old boss . he did n't know how to express his opinion without putting at least one other person down .	how about your new co workers ?	they are all pretty easy going . it 's a very friendly place to work .	do you miss your old co workers ?	they have been around for years , but for years now i have enjoyed working with them .
DAILYDZHAO-000048	would you rather have her or your old boss back ?	she 's far better than my old boss . he did n't know how to express his opinion without putting at least one other person down .	how about your new co workers ?	they are all pretty easy going . it 's a very friendly place to work .	do you miss your old co workers ?	they are very patient and helpful . i was taught that everyone is entitled to their own opinion , that is , they are expected to do their best to improve the company 's image and to make new
DAILYDZHAO-000049	would you rather have her or your old boss back ?	she 's far better than my old boss . he did n't know how to express his opinion without putting at least one other person down .	how about your new co workers ?	they are all pretty easy going . it 's a very friendly place to work .	do you miss your old co workers ?	yes , i have . but i think he is very smart .
DAILYDZHAO-000050	would you rather have her or your old boss back ?	she 's far better than my old boss . he did n't know how to express his opinion without putting at least one other person down .	how about your new co workers ?	they are all pretty easy going . it 's a very friendly place to work .	do you miss your old co workers ?	yes , i have . i ' ve been working for a lot of time .
DAILYDZHAO-000051	would you rather have her or your old boss back ?	she 's far better than my old boss . he did n't know how to express his opinion without putting at least one other person down .	how about your new co workers ?	they are all pretty easy going . it 's a very friendly place to work .	do you miss your old co workers ?	yes , i do . i ' ve always been to the school for a long time .
DAILYDZHAO-000052	would you rather have her or your old boss back ?	she 's far better than my old boss . he did n't know how to express his opinion without putting at least one other person down .	how about your new co workers ?	they are all pretty easy going . it 's a very friendly place to work .	do you miss your old co workers ?	yes , i think so . i think i ' ve got a lot of work in the office .
DAILYDZHAO-000053	would you rather have her or your old boss back ?	she 's far better than my old boss . he did n't know how to express his opinion without putting at least one other person down .	how about your new co workers ?	they are all pretty easy going . it 's a very friendly place to work .	do you miss your old co workers ?	what exactly does that mean ?
DAILYDZHAO-000054	hi linda , this is todd .	todd , good to hear from you !	i just wanted to tell you what a great time i had with you at the movies last week .
DAILYDZHAO-000055	hi linda , this is todd .	todd , good to hear from you !	actually , we ' re meeting next month . i ' m going to girls ' s college and you ' ll follow me .
DAILYDZHAO-000056	hi linda , this is todd .	todd , good to hear from you !	good to hear from you too , too .
DAILYDZHAO-000057	hi linda , this is todd .	todd , good to hear from you !	how are you ?
DAILYDZHAO-000058	hi linda , this is todd .	todd , good to hear from you !	hi , todd . i 'm going to talk about australia .
DAILYDZHAO-000059	hi linda , this is todd .	todd , good to hear from you !	hey ! wow , hi to linda , bye .
DAILYDZHAO-000060	hi linda , this is todd .	todd , good to hear from you !	yes , you are welcome .
DAILYDZHAO-000061	hi linda , this is todd .	todd , good to hear from you !	why ?
DAILYDZHAO-000062	hi linda , this is todd .	todd , good to hear from you !	yes . her parents were raising money to have her treated in the united states .
DAILYDZHAO-000063	where are you going to get it from ?	i have n't the slightest idea .	i usually get my chinese food from panda express .	you like panda express ?	the food there is actually pretty good .	maybe i 'll go there then .
DAILYDZHAO-000064	where are you going to get it from ?	i have n't the slightest idea .	i usually get my chinese food from panda express .	you like panda express ?	the food there is actually pretty good .	do you have any other suggestions ?
DAILYDZHAO-000065	where are you going to get it from ?	i have n't the slightest idea .	i usually get my chinese food from panda express .	you like panda express ?	the food there is actually pretty good .	i love that place . it certainly is a culinary hotspot .
DAILYDZHAO-000066	where are you going to get it from ?	i have n't the slightest idea .	i usually get my chinese food from panda express .	you like panda express ?	the food there is actually pretty good .	i must go to go to eat at a zoo next time .
DAILYDZHAO-000067	where are you going to get it from ?	i have n't the slightest idea .	i usually get my chinese food from panda express .	you like panda express ?	the food there is actually pretty good .	sounds childish .
DAILYDZHAO-000068	where are you going to get it from ?	i have n't the slightest idea .	i usually get my chinese food from panda express .	you like panda express ?	the food there is actually pretty good .	yes , i know .
DAILYDZHAO-000069	where are you going to get it from ?	i have n't the slightest idea .	i usually get my chinese food from panda express .	you like panda express ?	the food there is actually pretty good .	yeah , i think so .
DAILYDZHAO-000070	where are you going to get it from ?	i have n't the slightest idea .	i usually get my chinese food from panda express .	you like panda express ?	the food there is actually pretty good .	it 's so lucky .
DAILYDZHAO-000071	where are you going to get it from ?	i have n't the slightest idea .	i usually get my chinese food from panda express .	you like panda express ?	the food there is actually pretty good .	where are you going to get your chinese food from ?
DAILYDZHAO-000072	can i take your drink order ?	where is your wine list ?	the wine choices are posted on the little menu in the middle of the table .	do you have any mixed drinks available here ?	we can make a number of mixed drinks at our bar .
DAILYDZHAO-000073	can i take your drink order ?	where is your wine list ?	the wine choices are posted on the little menu in the middle of the table .	do you have any mixed drinks available here ?	drink of course , please .
DAILYDZHAO-000074	can i take your drink order ?	where is your wine list ?	the wine choices are posted on the little menu in the middle of the table .	do you have any mixed drinks available here ?	yes.no sugar , please .
DAILYDZHAO-000075	can i take your drink order ?	where is your wine list ?	the wine choices are posted on the little menu in the middle of the table .	do you have any mixed drinks available here ?	yes , we have a variety of mixed drinks .
DAILYDZHAO-000076	can i take your drink order ?	where is your wine list ?	the wine choices are posted on the little menu in the middle of the table .	do you have any mixed drinks available here ?	yes . we can have back with us today .
DAILYDZHAO-000077	can i take your drink order ?	where is your wine list ?	the wine choices are posted on the little menu in the middle of the table .	do you have any mixed drinks available here ?	yes , we have .
DAILYDZHAO-000078	can i take your drink order ?	where is your wine list ?	the wine choices are posted on the little menu in the middle of the table .	do you have any mixed drinks available here ?	yes , we have .
DAILYDZHAO-000079	can i take your drink order ?	where is your wine list ?	the wine choices are posted on the little menu in the middle of the table .	do you have any mixed drinks available here ?	yes . this order is divided by 16 divided for main main ones of order .
DAILYDZHAO-000080	can i take your drink order ?	where is your wine list ?	the wine choices are posted on the little menu in the middle of the table .	do you have any mixed drinks available here ?	now , that 's a price that i like .
DAILYDZHAO-000081	i need a room for a few days .	that wo n't be a problem . could you please tell me your name ?	john sandals . that 's s a n d a l s .	sir , i 'm michelle , and i run the front desk . please tell me the days you 'll be here .	i 'll be there in april friday through monday , the 14th through the 17th .	we recently changed many things here , sir , including our prices . do you mind , sir ?
DAILYDZHAO-000082	i need a room for a few days .	that wo n't be a problem . could you please tell me your name ?	john sandals . that 's s a n d a l s .	sir , i 'm michelle , and i run the front desk . please tell me the days you 'll be here .	i 'll be there in april friday through monday , the 14th through the 17th .	ok , i 'll be there on time .
DAILYDZHAO-000083	i need a room for a few days .	that wo n't be a problem . could you please tell me your name ?	john sandals . that 's s a n d a l s .	sir , i 'm michelle , and i run the front desk . please tell me the days you 'll be here .	i 'll be there in april friday through monday , the 14th through the 17th .	fine . i 'll tell mr . sandals .
DAILYDZHAO-000084	i need a room for a few days .	that wo n't be a problem . could you please tell me your name ?	john sandals . that 's s a n d a l s .	sir , i 'm michelle , and i run the front desk . please tell me the days you 'll be here .	i 'll be there in april friday through monday , the 14th through the 17th .	no problem .
DAILYDZHAO-000085	i need a room for a few days .	that wo n't be a problem . could you please tell me your name ?	john sandals . that 's s a n d a l s .	sir , i 'm michelle , and i run the front desk . please tell me the days you 'll be here .	i 'll be there in april friday through monday , the 14th through the 17th .	thank you .
DAILYDZHAO-000086	i need a room for a few days .	that wo n't be a problem . could you please tell me your name ?	john sandals . that 's s a n d a l s .	sir , i 'm michelle , and i run the front desk . please tell me the days you 'll be here .	i 'll be there in april friday through monday , the 14th through the 17th .	that 's fine .
DAILYDZHAO-000087	i need a room for a few days .	that wo n't be a problem . could you please tell me your name ?	john sandals . that 's s a n d a l s .	sir , i 'm michelle , and i run the front desk . please tell me the days you 'll be here .	i 'll be there in april friday through monday , the 14th through the 17th .	what time does the flight start ?
DAILYDZHAO-000088	i need a room for a few days .	that wo n't be a problem . could you please tell me your name ?	john sandals . that 's s a n d a l s .	sir , i 'm michelle , and i run the front desk . please tell me the days you 'll be here .	i 'll be there in april friday through monday , the 14th through the 17th .	good luck at this time again , please sign here .
DAILYDZHAO-000089	i need a room for a few days .	that wo n't be a problem . could you please tell me your name ?	john sandals . that 's s a n d a l s .	sir , i 'm michelle , and i run the front desk . please tell me the days you 'll be here .	i 'll be there in april friday through monday , the 14th through the 17th .	after you total your hours , make sure you sign it and turn it in to your supervisor .
DAILYDZHAO-000090	what 's wrong with sons ?	their range of organic foods is very limited .	whole foods has a lot of organic foods ?	yeah , the food there is very healthy .	i ' ve never been , but i may start shopping there .	the food there is a great step up from sons .
DAILYDZHAO-000091	what 's wrong with sons ?	their range of organic foods is very limited .	whole foods has a lot of organic foods ?	yeah , the food there is very healthy .	i ' ve never been , but i may start shopping there .	i 'm sure they have some good organic goods .
DAILYDZHAO-000092	what 's wrong with sons ?	their range of organic foods is very limited .	whole foods has a lot of organic foods ?	yeah , the food there is very healthy .	i ' ve never been , but i may start shopping there .	i 'm sure you will .
DAILYDZHAO-000093	what 's wrong with sons ?	their range of organic foods is very limited .	whole foods has a lot of organic foods ?	yeah , the food there is very healthy .	i ' ve never been , but i may start shopping there .	let 's go .
DAILYDZHAO-000094	what 's wrong with sons ?	their range of organic foods is very limited .	whole foods has a lot of organic foods ?	yeah , the food there is very healthy .	i ' ve never been , but i may start shopping there .	i 'm sorry . i do n't know what to do .
DAILYDZHAO-000095	what 's wrong with sons ?	their range of organic foods is very limited .	whole foods has a lot of organic foods ?	yeah , the food there is very healthy .	i ' ve never been , but i may start shopping there .	that 's good . i 'm going to buy some shopping .
DAILYDZHAO-000096	what 's wrong with sons ?	their range of organic foods is very limited .	whole foods has a lot of organic foods ?	yeah , the food there is very healthy .	i ' ve never been , but i may start shopping there .	i 'm sure you will .
DAILYDZHAO-000097	what 's wrong with sons ?	their range of organic foods is very limited .	whole foods has a lot of organic foods ?	yeah , the food there is very healthy .	i ' ve never been , but i may start shopping there .	what about the vegetables ?
DAILYDZHAO-000098	what 's wrong with sons ?	their range of organic foods is very limited .	whole foods has a lot of organic foods ?	yeah , the food there is very healthy .	i ' ve never been , but i may start shopping there .	not really . i may have some occasionally for a chance . but i do n't indulge myself too much .
DAILYDZHAO-000099	as you know i ' ve been thinking about moving my career in a new direction . i am hoping that you will be able to provide me with a reference to help me jump start my future .	i realize that i ' m not in a position to offer you the kind of promotion you deserve i 'll gladly do what i can to help .	thank you . i ' ve really enjoyed my time here . i ' ve grown both personally and professionally with this company .	and , as well as being a pleasure to work with , you ' ve been instrumental in helping us complete many key projects .	it will be hard to say good bye . this office has become like a second home to me .
DAILYDZHAO-000100	as you know i ' ve been thinking about moving my career in a new direction . i am hoping that you will be able to provide me with a reference to help me jump start my future .	i realize that i ' m not in a position to offer you the kind of promotion you deserve i 'll gladly do what i can to help .	thank you . i ' ve really enjoyed my time here . i ' ve grown both personally and professionally with this company .	and , as well as being a pleasure to work with , you ' ve been instrumental in helping us complete many key projects .	thank you for your time please refer to me as always when you ' re re in need .
DAILYDZHAO-000101	as you know i ' ve been thinking about moving my career in a new direction . i am hoping that you will be able to provide me with a reference to help me jump start my future .	i realize that i ' m not in a position to offer you the kind of promotion you deserve i 'll gladly do what i can to help .	thank you . i ' ve really enjoyed my time here . i ' ve grown both personally and professionally with this company .	and , as well as being a pleasure to work with , you ' ve been instrumental in helping us complete many key projects .	thank you . i ' ve been very impressed with your work . i ' ve been working on this project for almost two years . i ' ve been working on it for almost two years now .
DAILYDZHAO-000102	as you know i ' ve been thinking about moving my career in a new direction . i am hoping that you will be able to provide me with a reference to help me jump start my future .	i realize that i ' m not in a position to offer you the kind of promotion you deserve i 'll gladly do what i can to help .	thank you . i ' ve really enjoyed my time here . i ' ve grown both personally and professionally with this company .	and , as well as being a pleasure to work with , you ' ve been instrumental in helping us complete many key projects .	it ' s hard to say . i ' ve had an amazing career going on here . and i ' ve had great team members . i ' ve been
DAILYDZHAO-000103	as you know i ' ve been thinking about moving my career in a new direction . i am hoping that you will be able to provide me with a reference to help me jump start my future .	i realize that i ' m not in a position to offer you the kind of promotion you deserve i 'll gladly do what i can to help .	thank you . i ' ve really enjoyed my time here . i ' ve grown both personally and professionally with this company .	and , as well as being a pleasure to work with , you ' ve been instrumental in helping us complete many key projects .	i hope so . i hope you will be able to get a job in a future .
DAILYDZHAO-000104	as you know i ' ve been thinking about moving my career in a new direction . i am hoping that you will be able to provide me with a reference to help me jump start my future .	i realize that i ' m not in a position to offer you the kind of promotion you deserve i 'll gladly do what i can to help .	thank you . i ' ve really enjoyed my time here . i ' ve grown both personally and professionally with this company .	and , as well as being a pleasure to work with , you ' ve been instrumental in helping us complete many key projects .	i see .
DAILYDZHAO-000105	as you know i ' ve been thinking about moving my career in a new direction . i am hoping that you will be able to provide me with a reference to help me jump start my future .	i realize that i ' m not in a position to offer you the kind of promotion you deserve i 'll gladly do what i can to help .	thank you . i ' ve really enjoyed my time here . i ' ve grown both personally and professionally with this company .	and , as well as being a pleasure to work with , you ' ve been instrumental in helping us complete many key projects .	that 's great .
DAILYDZHAO-000106	as you know i ' ve been thinking about moving my career in a new direction . i am hoping that you will be able to provide me with a reference to help me jump start my future .	i realize that i ' m not in a position to offer you the kind of promotion you deserve i 'll gladly do what i can to help .	thank you . i ' ve really enjoyed my time here . i ' ve grown both personally and professionally with this company .	and , as well as being a pleasure to work with , you ' ve been instrumental in helping us complete many key projects .	i hope so . i ' ve been looking forward to it .
DAILYDZHAO-000107	as you know i ' ve been thinking about moving my career in a new direction . i am hoping that you will be able to provide me with a reference to help me jump start my future .	i realize that i ' m not in a position to offer you the kind of promotion you deserve i 'll gladly do what i can to help .	thank you . i ' ve really enjoyed my time here . i ' ve grown both personally and professionally with this company .	and , as well as being a pleasure to work with , you ' ve been instrumental in helping us complete many key projects .	joe , how are you doing ?
DAILYDZHAO-000108	does it look too small ?	it fits you to a t .	i agree . i 'm going to buy it .	cash or charge ?
DAILYDZHAO-000109	does it look too small ?	it fits you to a t .	i agree . i 'm going to buy it .	is it waterproof ?
DAILYDZHAO-000110	does it look too small ?	it fits you to a t .	i agree . i 'm going to buy it .	how much is it ?
DAILYDZHAO-000111	does it look too small ?	it fits you to a t .	i agree . i 'm going to buy it .	that will be perfect .
DAILYDZHAO-000112	does it look too small ?	it fits you to a t .	i agree . i 'm going to buy it .	do you think it 's cheaper ?
DAILYDZHAO-000113	does it look too small ?	it fits you to a t .	i agree . i 'm going to buy it .	i 'm sorry . i ca n't find it .
DAILYDZHAO-000114	does it look too small ?	it fits you to a t .	i agree . i 'm going to buy it .	are you going to particular you prefer ?
DAILYDZHAO-000115	does it look too small ?	it fits you to a t .	i agree . i 'm going to buy it .	what about the cost ?
DAILYDZHAO-000116	does it look too small ?	it fits you to a t .	i agree . i 'm going to buy it .	but i ' ve reserved a room the day before yesterday .
DAILYDZHAO-000117	hello ! i ' m now trying to take a bath , but there are too many buttons , would tell me how to use them ?	i see , we have an explanation left on the table . if you follow the direction , it ' s quite simple .	i read it , but i couldn ' t understand it . would you come to my room and tell me how to use them ?	oh , certainly .
DAILYDZHAO-000118	hello ! i ' m now trying to take a bath , but there are too many buttons , would tell me how to use them ?	i see , we have an explanation left on the table . if you follow the direction , it ' s quite simple .	i read it , but i couldn ' t understand it . would you come to my room and tell me how to use them ?	sure .
DAILYDZHAO-000119	hello ! i ' m now trying to take a bath , but there are too many buttons , would tell me how to use them ?	i see , we have an explanation left on the table . if you follow the direction , it ' s quite simple .	i read it , but i couldn ' t understand it . would you come to my room and tell me how to use them ?	well , it ' s quite simple . just press one button , and always open and close it . you just need to follow its instructions .
DAILYDZHAO-000120	hello ! i ' m now trying to take a bath , but there are too many buttons , would tell me how to use them ?	i see , we have an explanation left on the table . if you follow the direction , it ' s quite simple .	i read it , but i couldn ' t understand it . would you come to my room and tell me how to use them ?	ok . here it is . do n't worry . that ' s easy .
DAILYDZHAO-000121	hello ! i ' m now trying to take a bath , but there are too many buttons , would tell me how to use them ?	i see , we have an explanation left on the table . if you follow the direction , it ' s quite simple .	i read it , but i couldn ' t understand it . would you come to my room and tell me how to use them ?	maybe you could take the exact type of train . that ' s why it is fully <unk> . you can go to the go right and see some other side parts .
DAILYDZHAO-000122	hello ! i ' m now trying to take a bath , but there are too many buttons , would tell me how to use them ?	i see , we have an explanation left on the table . if you follow the direction , it ' s quite simple .	i read it , but i couldn ' t understand it . would you come to my room and tell me how to use them ?	well , the <unk> are over there . the only thing is to use . it ' s very easy to use . you can use the <unk> to you or you ' ll have to get a
DAILYDZHAO-000123	hello ! i ' m now trying to take a bath , but there are too many buttons , would tell me how to use them ?	i see , we have an explanation left on the table . if you follow the direction , it ' s quite simple .	i read it , but i couldn ' t understand it . would you come to my room and tell me how to use them ?	check it out .
DAILYDZHAO-000124	hello ! i ' m now trying to take a bath , but there are too many buttons , would tell me how to use them ?	i see , we have an explanation left on the table . if you follow the direction , it ' s quite simple .	i read it , but i couldn ' t understand it . would you come to my room and tell me how to use them ?	certainly . the only thing is to do is to use the local library , the screen , the information and the information .
DAILYDZHAO-000125	hello ! i ' m now trying to take a bath , but there are too many buttons , would tell me how to use them ?	i see , we have an explanation left on the table . if you follow the direction , it ' s quite simple .	i read it , but i couldn ' t understand it . would you come to my room and tell me how to use them ?	ahahah , and i thought you were tired .
DAILYDZHAO-000126	my boss offered me a promotion , and i took it .	are you serious ?	yes , i am really excited .	that 's great . congratulations .	i appreciate that .	you have no idea how happy i am for you .
DAILYDZHAO-000127	my boss offered me a promotion , and i took it .	are you serious ?	yes , i am really excited .	that 's great . congratulations .	i appreciate that .	you 're welcome .
DAILYDZHAO-000128	my boss offered me a promotion , and i took it .	are you serious ?	yes , i am really excited .	that 's great . congratulations .	i appreciate that .	you 're welcome .
DAILYDZHAO-000129	my boss offered me a promotion , and i took it .	are you serious ?	yes , i am really excited .	that 's great . congratulations .	i appreciate that .	good luck to you indeed !
DAILYDZHAO-000130	my boss offered me a promotion , and i took it .	are you serious ?	yes , i am really excited .	that 's great . congratulations .	i appreciate that .	i am happy to hear that .
DAILYDZHAO-000131	my boss offered me a promotion , and i took it .	are you serious ?	yes , i am really excited .	that 's great . congratulations .	i appreciate that .	i 'm glad you like it .
DAILYDZHAO-000132	my boss offered me a promotion , and i took it .	are you serious ?	yes , i am really excited .	that 's great . congratulations .	i appreciate that .	you are welcome .
DAILYDZHAO-000133	my boss offered me a promotion , and i took it .	are you serious ?	yes , i am really excited .	that 's great . congratulations .	i appreciate that .	i hope you will be happy .
DAILYDZHAO-000134	my boss offered me a promotion , and i took it .	are you serious ?	yes , i am really excited .	that 's great . congratulations .	i appreciate that .	what are you going to buy ?
DAILYDZHAO-000135	may i ask you a few questions about insurance ?	yes .	now we ' ve given a cif shanghai price for some steel plates . what insurance rate do you suggest we should get ?	well . obviously , you won ' t want all risks cover .	why not ?	because they aren ' t delicate goods and won ' t likely be damaged on the voyage . fpa will be good enough .
DAILYDZHAO-000136	may i ask you a few questions about insurance ?	yes .	now we ' ve given a cif shanghai price for some steel plates . what insurance rate do you suggest we should get ?	well . obviously , you won ' t want all risks cover .	why not ?	because you ' ll have to pay for the risk of fire and accident .
DAILYDZHAO-000137	may i ask you a few questions about insurance ?	yes .	now we ' ve given a cif shanghai price for some steel plates . what insurance rate do you suggest we should get ?	well . obviously , you won ' t want all risks cover .	why not ?	well , the insurance companies will charge you a higher rate .
DAILYDZHAO-000138	may i ask you a few questions about insurance ?	yes .	now we ' ve given a cif shanghai price for some steel plates . what insurance rate do you suggest we should get ?	well . obviously , you won ' t want all risks cover .	why not ?	it is argued that this level of coverage can be met for both raw materials and components . which is more ?
DAILYDZHAO-000139	may i ask you a few questions about insurance ?	yes .	now we ' ve given a cif shanghai price for some steel plates . what insurance rate do you suggest we should get ?	well . obviously , you won ' t want all risks cover .	why not ?	i ' m not sure if i can .
DAILYDZHAO-000140	may i ask you a few questions about insurance ?	yes .	now we ' ve given a cif shanghai price for some steel plates . what insurance rate do you suggest we should get ?	well . obviously , you won ' t want all risks cover .	why not ?	i ' ve been trying to get a job in the company .
DAILYDZHAO-000141	may i ask you a few questions about insurance ?	yes .	now we ' ve given a cif shanghai price for some steel plates . what insurance rate do you suggest we should get ?	well . obviously , you won ' t want all risks cover .	why not ?	i 'm not sure .
DAILYDZHAO-000142	may i ask you a few questions about insurance ?	yes .	now we ' ve given a cif shanghai price for some steel plates . what insurance rate do you suggest we should get ?	well . obviously , you won ' t want all risks cover .	why not ?	i ' d like to insure it for you .
DAILYDZHAO-000143	may i ask you a few questions about insurance ?	yes .	now we ' ve given a cif shanghai price for some steel plates . what insurance rate do you suggest we should get ?	well . obviously , you won ' t want all risks cover .	why not ?	can you tell me how much that 'll cost ?
DAILYDZHAO-000144	oh , so i do n't sign the contract today . is that right ?	i do n't want you to misunderstand , miss briggs.we are very serious about hiring you . we want you to teach for us.we usually do contracts this way because it is more convenient	i can accept that .	good . and your benefits will begin immediately .	even my health insurance ?	yes . we will apply for your health insurance tomorrow.and your free membership in the club starts today if you like .
DAILYDZHAO-000145	oh , so i do n't sign the contract today . is that right ?	i do n't want you to misunderstand , miss briggs.we are very serious about hiring you . we want you to teach for us.we usually do contracts this way because it is more convenient	i can accept that .	good . and your benefits will begin immediately .	even my health insurance ?	yes , that 's right .
DAILYDZHAO-000146	oh , so i do n't sign the contract today . is that right ?	i do n't want you to misunderstand , miss briggs.we are very serious about hiring you . we want you to teach for us.we usually do contracts this way because it is more convenient	i can accept that .	good . and your benefits will begin immediately .	even my health insurance ?	what a wise decision !
DAILYDZHAO-000147	oh , so i do n't sign the contract today . is that right ?	i do n't want you to misunderstand , miss briggs.we are very serious about hiring you . we want you to teach for us.we usually do contracts this way because it is more convenient	i can accept that .	good . and your benefits will begin immediately .	even my health insurance ?	yes . but if you sign the contract now , you will be covered by our company .
DAILYDZHAO-000148	oh , so i do n't sign the contract today . is that right ?	i do n't want you to misunderstand , miss briggs.we are very serious about hiring you . we want you to teach for us.we usually do contracts this way because it is more convenient	i can accept that .	good . and your benefits will begin immediately .	even my health insurance ?	yes , but it 's a part of the job .
DAILYDZHAO-000149	oh , so i do n't sign the contract today . is that right ?	i do n't want you to misunderstand , miss briggs.we are very serious about hiring you . we want you to teach for us.we usually do contracts this way because it is more convenient	i can accept that .	good . and your benefits will begin immediately .	even my health insurance ?	of course , we are saving all 90 miles for the family . and all people pay your expense attention .
DAILYDZHAO-000150	oh , so i do n't sign the contract today . is that right ?	i do n't want you to misunderstand , miss briggs.we are very serious about hiring you . we want you to teach for us.we usually do contracts this way because it is more convenient	i can accept that .	good . and your benefits will begin immediately .	even my health insurance ?	yes , it 's a health insurance policy .
DAILYDZHAO-000151	oh , so i do n't sign the contract today . is that right ?	i do n't want you to misunderstand , miss briggs.we are very serious about hiring you . we want you to teach for us.we usually do contracts this way because it is more convenient	i can accept that .	good . and your benefits will begin immediately .	even my health insurance ?	yes , there are this paperwork . also , we have to pay extra deposit at least . of course , the health coverage will be cancelled accordingly , the telephone in order is free .
DAILYDZHAO-000152	oh , so i do n't sign the contract today . is that right ?	i do n't want you to misunderstand , miss briggs.we are very serious about hiring you . we want you to teach for us.we usually do contracts this way because it is more convenient	i can accept that .	good . and your benefits will begin immediately .	even my health insurance ?	may i have a look at it please ?
DAILYDZHAO-000153	it ended in a tie .	what was the actual score ?	it was three all .	really ? i thought barcelona was going to win . they are a much better team than madrid .	if barcelona had played as they normally do , they should have won .	what happened ?
DAILYDZHAO-000154	it ended in a tie .	what was the actual score ?	it was three all .	really ? i thought barcelona was going to win . they are a much better team than madrid .	if barcelona had played as they normally do , they should have won .	i believe how good they are .
DAILYDZHAO-000155	it ended in a tie .	what was the actual score ?	it was three all .	really ? i thought barcelona was going to win . they are a much better team than madrid .	if barcelona had played as they normally do , they should have won .	i think they should have won .
DAILYDZHAO-000156	it ended in a tie .	what was the actual score ?	it was three all .	really ? i thought barcelona was going to win . they are a much better team than madrid .	if barcelona had played as they normally do , they should have won .	i do n't think so . they are a much better team than madrid .
DAILYDZHAO-000157	it ended in a tie .	what was the actual score ?	it was three all .	really ? i thought barcelona was going to win . they are a much better team than madrid .	if barcelona had played as they normally do , they should have won .	i think barcelona is better than winning .
DAILYDZHAO-000158	it ended in a tie .	what was the actual score ?	it was three all .	really ? i thought barcelona was going to win . they are a much better team than madrid .	if barcelona had played as they normally do , they should have won .	i ' m sorry to hear that .
DAILYDZHAO-000159	it ended in a tie .	what was the actual score ?	it was three all .	really ? i thought barcelona was going to win . they are a much better team than madrid .	if barcelona had played as they normally do , they should have won .	what was he doing ?
DAILYDZHAO-000160	it ended in a tie .	what was the actual score ?	it was three all .	really ? i thought barcelona was going to win . they are a much better team than madrid .	if barcelona had played as they normally do , they should have won .	i think ac milan is better than the barcelona .
DAILYDZHAO-000161	it ended in a tie .	what was the actual score ?	it was three all .	really ? i thought barcelona was going to win . they are a much better team than madrid .	if barcelona had played as they normally do , they should have won .	i do n't know what 's gotten into him .
DAILYDZHAO-000162	jim . i heard you got a promotion !	yeah , i ' m going to be running the walker avenue branch .	congratulations , guy .	thanks . i appreciate it .
DAILYDZHAO-000163	jim . i heard you got a promotion !	yeah , i ' m going to be running the walker avenue branch .	congratulations , guy .	thanks .
DAILYDZHAO-000164	jim . i heard you got a promotion !	yeah , i ' m going to be running the walker avenue branch .	congratulations , guy .	thanks .
DAILYDZHAO-000165	jim . i heard you got a promotion !	yeah , i ' m going to be running the walker avenue branch .	congratulations , guy .	how did you do it ?
DAILYDZHAO-000166	jim . i heard you got a promotion !	yeah , i ' m going to be running the walker avenue branch .	congratulations , guy .	thanks . i ' m going to have a new one .
DAILYDZHAO-000167	jim . i heard you got a promotion !	yeah , i ' m going to be running the walker avenue branch .	congratulations , guy .	oh , i ' m matt !
DAILYDZHAO-000168	jim . i heard you got a promotion !	yeah , i ' m going to be running the walker avenue branch .	congratulations , guy .	thank you .
DAILYDZHAO-000169	jim . i heard you got a promotion !	yeah , i ' m going to be running the walker avenue branch .	congratulations , guy .	not at all . but nobody talking to me .
DAILYDZHAO-000170	jim . i heard you got a promotion !	yeah , i ' m going to be running the walker avenue branch .	congratulations , guy .	i am trying to call my boss .
DAILYDZHAO-000171	but your brochure said that this was a package deal and the hotel ' s services were all inclusive .	yes , of course . the meals and excursions were included in the hotel price .	but why are you overcharging me almost a thousand dollars ? 250 dollars a night , times three nights should just be 750 .	i ' m sorry sir . the 250 dollar rate is based on double occupancy . that means it ' s 250 per person . the room itself is 500 dollars a night .	perhaps i could talk to your manager ?	of course . just a minute i ' ll get her .
DAILYDZHAO-000172	but your brochure said that this was a package deal and the hotel ' s services were all inclusive .	yes , of course . the meals and excursions were included in the hotel price .	but why are you overcharging me almost a thousand dollars ? 250 dollars a night , times three nights should just be 750 .	i ' m sorry sir . the 250 dollar rate is based on double occupancy . that means it ' s 250 per person . the room itself is 500 dollars a night .	perhaps i could talk to your manager ?	sure .
DAILYDZHAO-000173	but your brochure said that this was a package deal and the hotel ' s services were all inclusive .	yes , of course . the meals and excursions were included in the hotel price .	but why are you overcharging me almost a thousand dollars ? 250 dollars a night , times three nights should just be 750 .	i ' m sorry sir . the 250 dollar rate is based on double occupancy . that means it ' s 250 per person . the room itself is 500 dollars a night .	perhaps i could talk to your manager ?	ok . i ' m really sorry for misunderstanding you .
DAILYDZHAO-000174	but your brochure said that this was a package deal and the hotel ' s services were all inclusive .	yes , of course . the meals and excursions were included in the hotel price .	but why are you overcharging me almost a thousand dollars ? 250 dollars a night , times three nights should just be 750 .	i ' m sorry sir . the 250 dollar rate is based on double occupancy . that means it ' s 250 per person . the room itself is 500 dollars a night .	perhaps i could talk to your manager ?	sure , thanks .
DAILYDZHAO-000175	but your brochure said that this was a package deal and the hotel ' s services were all inclusive .	yes , of course . the meals and excursions were included in the hotel price .	but why are you overcharging me almost a thousand dollars ? 250 dollars a night , times three nights should just be 750 .	i ' m sorry sir . the 250 dollar rate is based on double occupancy . that means it ' s 250 per person . the room itself is 500 dollars a night .	perhaps i could talk to your manager ?	yes , i am .
DAILYDZHAO-000176	but your brochure said that this was a package deal and the hotel ' s services were all inclusive .	yes , of course . the meals and excursions were included in the hotel price .	but why are you overcharging me almost a thousand dollars ? 250 dollars a night , times three nights should just be 750 .	i ' m sorry sir . the 250 dollar rate is based on double occupancy . that means it ' s 250 per person . the room itself is 500 dollars a night .	perhaps i could talk to your manager ?	not , i 'm sure i could . that , why ?
DAILYDZHAO-000177	but your brochure said that this was a package deal and the hotel ' s services were all inclusive .	yes , of course . the meals and excursions were included in the hotel price .	but why are you overcharging me almost a thousand dollars ? 250 dollars a night , times three nights should just be 750 .	i ' m sorry sir . the 250 dollar rate is based on double occupancy . that means it ' s 250 per person . the room itself is 500 dollars a night .	perhaps i could talk to your manager ?	yes , that ' s right .
DAILYDZHAO-000178	but your brochure said that this was a package deal and the hotel ' s services were all inclusive .	yes , of course . the meals and excursions were included in the hotel price .	but why are you overcharging me almost a thousand dollars ? 250 dollars a night , times three nights should just be 750 .	i ' m sorry sir . the 250 dollar rate is based on double occupancy . that means it ' s 250 per person . the room itself is 500 dollars a night .	perhaps i could talk to your manager ?	not <unk> , ' ' s 200 dollars per <unk> per day . it includes a lot of options . hotels always lead your prices . look , you ' ve also got
DAILYDZHAO-000179	but your brochure said that this was a package deal and the hotel ' s services were all inclusive .	yes , of course . the meals and excursions were included in the hotel price .	but why are you overcharging me almost a thousand dollars ? 250 dollars a night , times three nights should just be 750 .	i ' m sorry sir . the 250 dollar rate is based on double occupancy . that means it ' s 250 per person . the room itself is 500 dollars a night .	perhaps i could talk to your manager ?	just water , please .
DAILYDZHAO-000180	do you want any meat today , mrs bird ?	yes , please .	do you want beef or lamb ?	beef , please .
DAILYDZHAO-000181	do you want any meat today , mrs bird ?	yes , please .	do you want beef or lamb ?	sticks , please .
DAILYDZHAO-000182	do you want any meat today , mrs bird ?	yes , please .	do you want beef or lamb ?	we have beef , lamb and pork .
DAILYDZHAO-000183	do you want any meat today , mrs bird ?	yes , please .	do you want beef or lamb ?	how about anything to drink ?
DAILYDZHAO-000184	do you want any meat today , mrs bird ?	yes , please .	do you want beef or lamb ?	no , i do n't think so .
DAILYDZHAO-000185	do you want any meat today , mrs bird ?	yes , please .	do you want beef or lamb ?	i want a steak , please .
DAILYDZHAO-000186	do you want any meat today , mrs bird ?	yes , please .	do you want beef or lamb ?	no , i 'm stuffed .
DAILYDZHAO-000187	do you want any meat today , mrs bird ?	yes , please .	do you want beef or lamb ?	no , thank you . i 'm not sure .
DAILYDZHAO-000188	do you want any meat today , mrs bird ?	yes , please .	do you want beef or lamb ?	you may not remember me.my name is joe brown .
DAILYDZHAO-000189	i have a reservation for a single with bath .	we are sorry , but single rooms have been occupied .	what 's the room rate ? it is a little expensive for me , do you have any other rooms ?	then how about this room , with just shower ?	may i see the room ? i ' ll take this room . is the rate for the room only ?	no , sir . the tax is included .
DAILYDZHAO-000190	i have a reservation for a single with bath .	we are sorry , but single rooms have been occupied .	what 's the room rate ? it is a little expensive for me , do you have any other rooms ?	then how about this room , with just shower ?	may i see the room ? i ' ll take this room . is the rate for the room only ?	yes , it is .
DAILYDZHAO-000191	i have a reservation for a single with bath .	we are sorry , but single rooms have been occupied .	what 's the room rate ? it is a little expensive for me , do you have any other rooms ?	then how about this room , with just shower ?	may i see the room ? i ' ll take this room . is the rate for the room only ?	yes , it is . it is half charge and 7 dollars .
DAILYDZHAO-000192	i have a reservation for a single with bath .	we are sorry , but single rooms have been occupied .	what 's the room rate ? it is a little expensive for me , do you have any other rooms ?	then how about this room , with just shower ?	may i see the room ? i ' ll take this room . is the rate for the room only ?	yes , it is .
DAILYDZHAO-000193	i have a reservation for a single with bath .	we are sorry , but single rooms have been occupied .	what 's the room rate ? it is a little expensive for me , do you have any other rooms ?	then how about this room , with just shower ?	may i see the room ? i ' ll take this room . is the rate for the room only ?	yes , it is .
DAILYDZHAO-000194	i have a reservation for a single with bath .	we are sorry , but single rooms have been occupied .	what 's the room rate ? it is a little expensive for me , do you have any other rooms ?	then how about this room , with just shower ?	may i see the room ? i ' ll take this room . is the rate for the room only ?	it ' s about 40 .
DAILYDZHAO-000195	i have a reservation for a single with bath .	we are sorry , but single rooms have been occupied .	what 's the room rate ? it is a little expensive for me , do you have any other rooms ?	then how about this room , with just shower ?	may i see the room ? i ' ll take this room . is the rate for the room only ?	yes , we have a room for a single room with a bath room .
DAILYDZHAO-000196	i have a reservation for a single with bath .	we are sorry , but single rooms have been occupied .	what 's the room rate ? it is a little expensive for me , do you have any other rooms ?	then how about this room , with just shower ?	may i see the room ? i ' ll take this room . is the rate for the room only ?	we charge 50 for the first night .
DAILYDZHAO-000197	i have a reservation for a single with bath .	we are sorry , but single rooms have been occupied .	what 's the room rate ? it is a little expensive for me , do you have any other rooms ?	then how about this room , with just shower ?	may i see the room ? i ' ll take this room . is the rate for the room only ?	it ' s ten yuan .
DAILYDZHAO-000198	give me a short haircut .	do you know how short you want your hair to be ?	i want you to cut it to a few inches long .	that 's pretty short . are you sure about this ?	i ' ve had this idea for some time now .	i 'm going to do it , but you have to be sure you really want me to .
DAILYDZHAO-000199	give me a short haircut .	do you know how short you want your hair to be ?	i want you to cut it to a few inches long .	that 's pretty short . are you sure about this ?	i ' ve had this idea for some time now .	you 're kidding ! you 're going to cut your hair short , are n't you ?
DAILYDZHAO-000200	give me a short haircut .	do you know how short you want your hair to be ?	i want you to cut it to a few inches long .	that 's pretty short . are you sure about this ?	i ' ve had this idea for some time now .	what do you think ?
DAILYDZHAO-000201	give me a short haircut .	do you know how short you want your hair to be ?	i want you to cut it to a few inches long .	that 's pretty short . are you sure about this ?	i ' ve had this idea for some time now .	get me some carrots , carrots , and lime juice , and then we wo n't get too curly .
DAILYDZHAO-000202	give me a short haircut .	do you know how short you want your hair to be ?	i want you to cut it to a few inches long .	that 's pretty short . are you sure about this ?	i ' ve had this idea for some time now .	ok , i 'll take it .
DAILYDZHAO-000203	give me a short haircut .	do you know how short you want your hair to be ?	i want you to cut it to a few inches long .	that 's pretty short . are you sure about this ?	i ' ve had this idea for some time now .	we really need to get into the evening airport once in the afternoon . shall i ask them to list the reservations ? it 's at 11 00 p . m .
DAILYDZHAO-000204	give me a short haircut .	do you know how short you want your hair to be ?	i want you to cut it to a few inches long .	that 's pretty short . are you sure about this ?	i ' ve had this idea for some time now .	it 's really hard to say .
DAILYDZHAO-000205	give me a short haircut .	do you know how short you want your hair to be ?	i want you to cut it to a few inches long .	that 's pretty short . are you sure about this ?	i ' ve had this idea for some time now .	ok , i 'll take it .
DAILYDZHAO-000206	give me a short haircut .	do you know how short you want your hair to be ?	i want you to cut it to a few inches long .	that 's pretty short . are you sure about this ?	i ' ve had this idea for some time now .	even silverware ?
DAILYDZHAO-000207	well , i finished my last final today .	the end of all the hard work for my master 's . what a nice feeling to get my degree !	do you want to attend the convocation ?	certainly . after years of hard work , i would n't miss it . by the way , where can i find cap and gown ?	do you want to have them made or do you want to rent them ?	oh , i think they 're provided by the school for that special day .
DAILYDZHAO-000208	well , i finished my last final today .	the end of all the hard work for my master 's . what a nice feeling to get my degree !	do you want to attend the convocation ?	certainly . after years of hard work , i would n't miss it . by the way , where can i find cap and gown ?	do you want to have them made or do you want to rent them ?	i 'd prefer to have them as a gift , i think .
DAILYDZHAO-000209	well , i finished my last final today .	the end of all the hard work for my master 's . what a nice feeling to get my degree !	do you want to attend the convocation ?	certainly . after years of hard work , i would n't miss it . by the way , where can i find cap and gown ?	do you want to have them made or do you want to rent them ?	i do n't mind having them made . if you can get my permission , i can make cap and gown myself .
DAILYDZHAO-000210	well , i finished my last final today .	the end of all the hard work for my master 's . what a nice feeling to get my degree !	do you want to attend the convocation ?	certainly . after years of hard work , i would n't miss it . by the way , where can i find cap and gown ?	do you want to have them made or do you want to rent them ?	i do n't mind paying for the cloths if you can afford them .
DAILYDZHAO-000211	well , i finished my last final today .	the end of all the hard work for my master 's . what a nice feeling to get my degree !	do you want to attend the convocation ?	certainly . after years of hard work , i would n't miss it . by the way , where can i find cap and gown ?	do you want to have them made or do you want to rent them ?	i 'm not sure . i have a good one .
DAILYDZHAO-000212	well , i finished my last final today .	the end of all the hard work for my master 's . what a nice feeling to get my degree !	do you want to attend the convocation ?	certainly . after years of hard work , i would n't miss it . by the way , where can i find cap and gown ?	do you want to have them made or do you want to rent them ?	i 'd like to buy a pair of shoes .
DAILYDZHAO-000213	well , i finished my last final today .	the end of all the hard work for my master 's . what a nice feeling to get my degree !	do you want to attend the convocation ?	certainly . after years of hard work , i would n't miss it . by the way , where can i find cap and gown ?	do you want to have them made or do you want to rent them ?	we bought a camera for my wife . it is said that they sent everything my new car can be over a new millennium . quite easy to find brand new
DAILYDZHAO-000214	well , i finished my last final today .	the end of all the hard work for my master 's . what a nice feeling to get my degree !	do you want to attend the convocation ?	certainly . after years of hard work , i would n't miss it . by the way , where can i find cap and gown ?	do you want to have them made or do you want to rent them ?	i want to have a look at the mirror .
DAILYDZHAO-000215	well , i finished my last final today .	the end of all the hard work for my master 's . what a nice feeling to get my degree !	do you want to attend the convocation ?	certainly . after years of hard work , i would n't miss it . by the way , where can i find cap and gown ?	do you want to have them made or do you want to rent them ?	have you bought your bus pass yet ?
DAILYDZHAO-000216	i ' m terribly sorry , sir , but i ' m afraid it is true . that flight has been canceled . would you like to try to book tomorrow ' s flight ?	no way ! i worked very hard so that i could leave on today ' s flight . are there seats on another airline ?	it ' s possible . if you would like to book with another airline the line is right over there .	you mean the line over there of about 200 people ? !	that ' s the one . it seems that everyone is anxious to get to new york tonight .	this is a rotten way to start a vacation . i hate lines ! can you book me on tomorrow ' s flight ?
DAILYDZHAO-000217	i ' m terribly sorry , sir , but i ' m afraid it is true . that flight has been canceled . would you like to try to book tomorrow ' s flight ?	no way ! i worked very hard so that i could leave on today ' s flight . are there seats on another airline ?	it ' s possible . if you would like to book with another airline the line is right over there .	you mean the line over there of about 200 people ? !	that ' s the one . it seems that everyone is anxious to get to new york tonight .	yes , very . have you checked anything for flights to new york ?
DAILYDZHAO-000218	i ' m terribly sorry , sir , but i ' m afraid it is true . that flight has been canceled . would you like to try to book tomorrow ' s flight ?	no way ! i worked very hard so that i could leave on today ' s flight . are there seats on another airline ?	it ' s possible . if you would like to book with another airline the line is right over there .	you mean the line over there of about 200 people ? !	that ' s the one . it seems that everyone is anxious to get to new york tonight .	i ' m sorry , sir , but i ' m afraid we ca n't make it tonight .
DAILYDZHAO-000219	i ' m terribly sorry , sir , but i ' m afraid it is true . that flight has been canceled . would you like to try to book tomorrow ' s flight ?	no way ! i worked very hard so that i could leave on today ' s flight . are there seats on another airline ?	it ' s possible . if you would like to book with another airline the line is right over there .	you mean the line over there of about 200 people ? !	that ' s the one . it seems that everyone is anxious to get to new york tonight .	not at all . as long as there are seats available , there will be plenty of seats .
DAILYDZHAO-000220	i ' m terribly sorry , sir , but i ' m afraid it is true . that flight has been canceled . would you like to try to book tomorrow ' s flight ?	no way ! i worked very hard so that i could leave on today ' s flight . are there seats on another airline ?	it ' s possible . if you would like to book with another airline the line is right over there .	you mean the line over there of about 200 people ? !	that ' s the one . it seems that everyone is anxious to get to new york tonight .	well , i ' m not sure yet . i ' m going to have a try .
DAILYDZHAO-000221	i ' m terribly sorry , sir , but i ' m afraid it is true . that flight has been canceled . would you like to try to book tomorrow ' s flight ?	no way ! i worked very hard so that i could leave on today ' s flight . are there seats on another airline ?	it ' s possible . if you would like to book with another airline the line is right over there .	you mean the line over there of about 200 people ? !	that ' s the one . it seems that everyone is anxious to get to new york tonight .	yeah , i think i ' ve been going to the supermarket for a while .
DAILYDZHAO-000222	i ' m terribly sorry , sir , but i ' m afraid it is true . that flight has been canceled . would you like to try to book tomorrow ' s flight ?	no way ! i worked very hard so that i could leave on today ' s flight . are there seats on another airline ?	it ' s possible . if you would like to book with another airline the line is right over there .	you mean the line over there of about 200 people ? !	that ' s the one . it seems that everyone is anxious to get to new york tonight .	that ' s fine . i ' ll take it .
DAILYDZHAO-000223	i ' m terribly sorry , sir , but i ' m afraid it is true . that flight has been canceled . would you like to try to book tomorrow ' s flight ?	no way ! i worked very hard so that i could leave on today ' s flight . are there seats on another airline ?	it ' s possible . if you would like to book with another airline the line is right over there .	you mean the line over there of about 200 people ? !	that ' s the one . it seems that everyone is anxious to get to new york tonight .	i ' m sorry . i ' m not late . i ' m just waiting for the plane .
DAILYDZHAO-000224	i ' m terribly sorry , sir , but i ' m afraid it is true . that flight has been canceled . would you like to try to book tomorrow ' s flight ?	no way ! i worked very hard so that i could leave on today ' s flight . are there seats on another airline ?	it ' s possible . if you would like to book with another airline the line is right over there .	you mean the line over there of about 200 people ? !	that ' s the one . it seems that everyone is anxious to get to new york tonight .	what should i do to prepare for a job interview ?
DAILYDZHAO-000225	did you get your bus pass ?	i have n't gone to get it yet .
DAILYDZHAO-000226	did you get your bus pass ?	yes , of course . how do you pay for it ?
DAILYDZHAO-000227	did you get your bus pass ?	yes , i did .
DAILYDZHAO-000228	did you get your bus pass ?	yes , of course . where to ?
DAILYDZHAO-000229	did you get your bus pass ?	no , i did n't .
DAILYDZHAO-000230	did you get your bus pass ?	no , i was killed . i waited for 5 minutes to go to the museum .
DAILYDZHAO-000231	did you get your bus pass ?	no , but i took a bus bus .
DAILYDZHAO-000232	did you get your bus pass ?	no , it was back of life today . the course was just one way there .
DAILYDZHAO-000233	did you get your bus pass ?	it was hardly all night . and i recall it was you doing all the laughing at your own jokes .
DAILYDZHAO-000234	what 's ron marston like , pauline ?	he 's awful ! he telephoned me four times yesterday , and three times the day before yesterday . he telephoned the office yesterday morning and yesterday afternoon . my boss answered the telephone .	what did your boss say to him ?
DAILYDZHAO-000235	what 's ron marston like , pauline ?	he 's awful ! he telephoned me four times yesterday , and three times the day before yesterday . he telephoned the office yesterday morning and yesterday afternoon . my boss answered the telephone .	what did he say ?
DAILYDZHAO-000236	what 's ron marston like , pauline ?	he 's awful ! he telephoned me four times yesterday , and three times the day before yesterday . he telephoned the office yesterday morning and yesterday afternoon . my boss answered the telephone .	this is terrible ! i personally do n't hate him , but he is very patronizing in that respect . i disheart his staff badly .
DAILYDZHAO-000237	what 's ron marston like , pauline ?	he 's awful ! he telephoned me four times yesterday , and three times the day before yesterday . he telephoned the office yesterday morning and yesterday afternoon . my boss answered the telephone .	you 're talking about coworkers . i mean supervisors , clients , co workers .
DAILYDZHAO-000238	what 's ron marston like , pauline ?	he 's awful ! he telephoned me four times yesterday , and three times the day before yesterday . he telephoned the office yesterday morning and yesterday afternoon . my boss answered the telephone .	does he get the message for the message ?
DAILYDZHAO-000239	what 's ron marston like , pauline ?	he 's awful ! he telephoned me four times yesterday , and three times the day before yesterday . he telephoned the office yesterday morning and yesterday afternoon . my boss answered the telephone .	i 'm sorry to hear that .
DAILYDZHAO-000240	what 's ron marston like , pauline ?	he 's awful ! he telephoned me four times yesterday , and three times the day before yesterday . he telephoned the office yesterday morning and yesterday afternoon . my boss answered the telephone .	he 's very <unk> , he is very busy .
DAILYDZHAO-000241	what 's ron marston like , pauline ?	he 's awful ! he telephoned me four times yesterday , and three times the day before yesterday . he telephoned the office yesterday morning and yesterday afternoon . my boss answered the telephone .	he 's very good at all . he 's not really a very good person .
DAILYDZHAO-000242	what 's ron marston like , pauline ?	he 's awful ! he telephoned me four times yesterday , and three times the day before yesterday . he telephoned the office yesterday morning and yesterday afternoon . my boss answered the telephone .	oh . yes , i ' m ready to transfer .
DAILYDZHAO-000243	i love your little lulu dolls.how much for a batch of 6 , 000 ?	for a batch of 6 , 000 we would charge two dollars a doll . your total cost would be 12 , 000 .	that ' s a little steep for our company.do you offer any discounts ?	well , we ' d like to work with you . if you ordered a larger quantity we could drop the price a little . can you increase your order to 15 , 000 ?
DAILYDZHAO-000244	i love your little lulu dolls.how much for a batch of 6 , 000 ?	for a batch of 6 , 000 we would charge two dollars a doll . your total cost would be 12 , 000 .	that ' s a little steep for our company.do you offer any discounts ?	yes , we offer a 10 discount for each doll .
DAILYDZHAO-000245	i love your little lulu dolls.how much for a batch of 6 , 000 ?	for a batch of 6 , 000 we would charge two dollars a doll . your total cost would be 12 , 000 .	that ' s a little steep for our company.do you offer any discounts ?	no , we do n't . but we can offer you a discount of 10 off .
DAILYDZHAO-000246	i love your little lulu dolls.how much for a batch of 6 , 000 ?	for a batch of 6 , 000 we would charge two dollars a doll . your total cost would be 12 , 000 .	that ' s a little steep for our company.do you offer any discounts ?	as long as the price is reasonable , you can get any deal .
DAILYDZHAO-000247	i love your little lulu dolls.how much for a batch of 6 , 000 ?	for a batch of 6 , 000 we would charge two dollars a doll . your total cost would be 12 , 000 .	that ' s a little steep for our company.do you offer any discounts ?	yes , we offer a discount of 20 .
DAILYDZHAO-000248	i love your little lulu dolls.how much for a batch of 6 , 000 ?	for a batch of 6 , 000 we would charge two dollars a doll . your total cost would be 12 , 000 .	that ' s a little steep for our company.do you offer any discounts ?	we offer 50 commission for the delivery and the service .
DAILYDZHAO-000249	i love your little lulu dolls.how much for a batch of 6 , 000 ?	for a batch of 6 , 000 we would charge two dollars a doll . your total cost would be 12 , 000 .	that ' s a little steep for our company.do you offer any discounts ?	i ' m afraid not . we ' ll have to pay the fee of the amount of the amount you want .
DAILYDZHAO-000250	i love your little lulu dolls.how much for a batch of 6 , 000 ?	for a batch of 6 , 000 we would charge two dollars a doll . your total cost would be 12 , 000 .	that ' s a little steep for our company.do you offer any discounts ?	yes , i think you ' re right .
DAILYDZHAO-000251	i love your little lulu dolls.how much for a batch of 6 , 000 ?	for a batch of 6 , 000 we would charge two dollars a doll . your total cost would be 12 , 000 .	that ' s a little steep for our company.do you offer any discounts ?	oh , she keeps saying that . she never allows me to have them .
DAILYDZHAO-000252	may i help you ?	i would like to check out these books .	may i see your library card , please ?
DAILYDZHAO-000253	may i help you ?	i would like to check out these books .	ok . what kind of books do you like ?
DAILYDZHAO-000254	may i help you ?	i would like to check out these books .	ok . how much do you want ?
DAILYDZHAO-000255	may i help you ?	i would like to check out these books .	ok . how much is a bottle of champagne ?
DAILYDZHAO-000256	may i help you ?	i would like to check out these books .	do you have your library card ?
DAILYDZHAO-000257	may i help you ?	i would like to check out these books .	ok , i 'll check out the books .
DAILYDZHAO-000258	may i help you ?	i would like to check out these books .	please fill out the registration form first . and checking the card , free puff and check .
DAILYDZHAO-000259	may i help you ?	i would like to check out these books .	just check out . these books are already due due .
DAILYDZHAO-000260	may i help you ?	i would like to check out these books .	yes . you must fill up the car yourself .
DAILYDZHAO-000261	linda , this is todd calling .	todd , i am so happy you called !	linda , i wanted to tell you how much i enjoyed our time together last friday night .	boy , todd , that was one great movie you picked out ! thanks for asking me to go with you !	i had a great time too and was thinking that maybe you might want to join me for a hike to the waterfalls on saturday .	a hike would be great ! let me pack us a nice picnic lunch , ok ?
DAILYDZHAO-000262	linda , this is todd calling .	todd , i am so happy you called !	linda , i wanted to tell you how much i enjoyed our time together last friday night .	boy , todd , that was one great movie you picked out ! thanks for asking me to go with you !	i had a great time too and was thinking that maybe you might want to join me for a hike to the waterfalls on saturday .	ok , i will be there !
DAILYDZHAO-000263	linda , this is todd calling .	todd , i am so happy you called !	linda , i wanted to tell you how much i enjoyed our time together last friday night .	boy , todd , that was one great movie you picked out ! thanks for asking me to go with you !	i had a great time too and was thinking that maybe you might want to join me for a hike to the waterfalls on saturday .	i 'm sure you 'll love it !
DAILYDZHAO-000264	linda , this is todd calling .	todd , i am so happy you called !	linda , i wanted to tell you how much i enjoyed our time together last friday night .	boy , todd , that was one great movie you picked out ! thanks for asking me to go with you !	i had a great time too and was thinking that maybe you might want to join me for a hike to the waterfalls on saturday .	linda , i will , i love hiking !
DAILYDZHAO-000265	linda , this is todd calling .	todd , i am so happy you called !	linda , i wanted to tell you how much i enjoyed our time together last friday night .	boy , todd , that was one great movie you picked out ! thanks for asking me to go with you !	i had a great time too and was thinking that maybe you might want to join me for a hike to the waterfalls on saturday .	well , i guess i ' ve got a lot of good things .
DAILYDZHAO-000266	linda , this is todd calling .	todd , i am so happy you called !	linda , i wanted to tell you how much i enjoyed our time together last friday night .	boy , todd , that was one great movie you picked out ! thanks for asking me to go with you !	i had a great time too and was thinking that maybe you might want to join me for a hike to the waterfalls on saturday .	fine . i 'll be very interested in my life .
DAILYDZHAO-000267	linda , this is todd calling .	todd , i am so happy you called !	linda , i wanted to tell you how much i enjoyed our time together last friday night .	boy , todd , that was one great movie you picked out ! thanks for asking me to go with you !	i had a great time too and was thinking that maybe you might want to join me for a hike to the waterfalls on saturday .	that sounds like a good idea .
DAILYDZHAO-000268	linda , this is todd calling .	todd , i am so happy you called !	linda , i wanted to tell you how much i enjoyed our time together last friday night .	boy , todd , that was one great movie you picked out ! thanks for asking me to go with you !	i had a great time too and was thinking that maybe you might want to join me for a hike to the waterfalls on saturday .	give me the chance . i will say that i 'm so well .
DAILYDZHAO-000269	linda , this is todd calling .	todd , i am so happy you called !	linda , i wanted to tell you how much i enjoyed our time together last friday night .	boy , todd , that was one great movie you picked out ! thanks for asking me to go with you !	i had a great time too and was thinking that maybe you might want to join me for a hike to the waterfalls on saturday .	is living in a particular school district important to you ?
DAILYDZHAO-000270	hello , i am calling about my cable service .	what 's the problem ?	for the past week my cable has n't been working .	i apologize , but the cable has been down lately .
DAILYDZHAO-000271	hello , i am calling about my cable service .	what 's the problem ?	for the past week my cable has n't been working .	oh , i see . what 's the problem ?
DAILYDZHAO-000272	hello , i am calling about my cable service .	what 's the problem ?	for the past week my cable has n't been working .	what 's the problem ?
DAILYDZHAO-000273	hello , i am calling about my cable service .	what 's the problem ?	for the past week my cable has n't been working .	what is the problem ?
DAILYDZHAO-000274	hello , i am calling about my cable service .	what 's the problem ?	for the past week my cable has n't been working .	i 'm sorry to hear that .
DAILYDZHAO-000275	hello , i am calling about my cable service .	what 's the problem ?	for the past week my cable has n't been working .	what kind of battery do you have ?
DAILYDZHAO-000276	hello , i am calling about my cable service .	what 's the problem ?	for the past week my cable has n't been working .	sure , there are n't any problem . but i prefer cable cable on your screen phone .
DAILYDZHAO-000277	hello , i am calling about my cable service .	what 's the problem ?	for the past week my cable has n't been working .	i 'm sorry , sir . our customers are fully committed at the moment .
DAILYDZHAO-000278	hello , i am calling about my cable service .	what 's the problem ?	for the past week my cable has n't been working .	is n't it past your bedtime already ?
DAILYDZHAO-000279	just plug the ethernet cable into your computer , and a prompt will tell you the payment options .	well , i do n't have an ethernet port . my computer runs entirely on wireless service .	that 's too bad . but there are several alternatives , if you want to hear them .	yes , please ! tell me about the alternatives .	we run a fully equipped computer lab on the first floor .	very good . how much does that cost ?
DAILYDZHAO-000280	just plug the ethernet cable into your computer , and a prompt will tell you the payment options .	well , i do n't have an ethernet port . my computer runs entirely on wireless service .	that 's too bad . but there are several alternatives , if you want to hear them .	yes , please ! tell me about the alternatives .	we run a fully equipped computer lab on the first floor .	that sounds amazing . i 'll come for that .
DAILYDZHAO-000281	just plug the ethernet cable into your computer , and a prompt will tell you the payment options .	well , i do n't have an ethernet port . my computer runs entirely on wireless service .	that 's too bad . but there are several alternatives , if you want to hear them .	yes , please ! tell me about the alternatives .	we run a fully equipped computer lab on the first floor .	that 's good . i 'll take it .
DAILYDZHAO-000282	just plug the ethernet cable into your computer , and a prompt will tell you the payment options .	well , i do n't have an ethernet port . my computer runs entirely on wireless service .	that 's too bad . but there are several alternatives , if you want to hear them .	yes , please ! tell me about the alternatives .	we run a fully equipped computer lab on the first floor .	that 's right . i would like to have a look at something a little different .
DAILYDZHAO-000283	just plug the ethernet cable into your computer , and a prompt will tell you the payment options .	well , i do n't have an ethernet port . my computer runs entirely on wireless service .	that 's too bad . but there are several alternatives , if you want to hear them .	yes , please ! tell me about the alternatives .	we run a fully equipped computer lab on the first floor .	what else ?
DAILYDZHAO-000284	just plug the ethernet cable into your computer , and a prompt will tell you the payment options .	well , i do n't have an ethernet port . my computer runs entirely on wireless service .	that 's too bad . but there are several alternatives , if you want to hear them .	yes , please ! tell me about the alternatives .	we run a fully equipped computer lab on the first floor .	i see . thanks .
DAILYDZHAO-000285	just plug the ethernet cable into your computer , and a prompt will tell you the payment options .	well , i do n't have an ethernet port . my computer runs entirely on wireless service .	that 's too bad . but there are several alternatives , if you want to hear them .	yes , please ! tell me about the alternatives .	we run a fully equipped computer lab on the first floor .	what 's the product ?
DAILYDZHAO-000286	just plug the ethernet cable into your computer , and a prompt will tell you the payment options .	well , i do n't have an ethernet port . my computer runs entirely on wireless service .	that 's too bad . but there are several alternatives , if you want to hear them .	yes , please ! tell me about the alternatives .	we run a fully equipped computer lab on the first floor .	what about the price ?
DAILYDZHAO-000287	just plug the ethernet cable into your computer , and a prompt will tell you the payment options .	well , i do n't have an ethernet port . my computer runs entirely on wireless service .	that 's too bad . but there are several alternatives , if you want to hear them .	yes , please ! tell me about the alternatives .	we run a fully equipped computer lab on the first floor .	i 'll be studying . i 'm doing an mba at nottingham university .
DAILYDZHAO-000288	small world , is n't it ?	indeed , it is .	i never imagined meeting you here .	it 's really a surprise .
DAILYDZHAO-000289	small world , is n't it ?	indeed , it is .	i never imagined meeting you here .	i 'm glad to meet you .
DAILYDZHAO-000290	small world , is n't it ?	indeed , it is .	i never imagined meeting you here .	it 's become a reality now , is it ?
DAILYDZHAO-000291	small world , is n't it ?	indeed , it is .	i never imagined meeting you here .	i 'm glad to meet you .
DAILYDZHAO-000292	small world , is n't it ?	indeed , it is .	i never imagined meeting you here .	let ' s go in !
DAILYDZHAO-000293	small world , is n't it ?	indeed , it is .	i never imagined meeting you here .	i 'm sorry , but i 'm not sure .
DAILYDZHAO-000294	small world , is n't it ?	indeed , it is .	i never imagined meeting you here .	yes , i think so .
DAILYDZHAO-000295	small world , is n't it ?	indeed , it is .	i never imagined meeting you here .	please . look , we look like our <unk> .
DAILYDZHAO-000296	small world , is n't it ?	indeed , it is .	i never imagined meeting you here .	there 's a bus stop in the mall parking lot .
DAILYDZHAO-000297	do you miss your old co workers ?	of course . i spent so much time at my old workplace that i got to know them all very well . they were like family to me .	do people in different departments get along with each other ?	sure . since we work together in teams , we have to get along with each other .	do you like working in teams with people from different departments ?	yes , it helps everyone to understand what we 're doing from different perspectives .
DAILYDZHAO-000298	do you miss your old co workers ?	of course . i spent so much time at my old workplace that i got to know them all very well . they were like family to me .	do people in different departments get along with each other ?	sure . since we work together in teams , we have to get along with each other .	do you like working in teams with people from different departments ?	yes , i do . it 's really fun to work with people from different departments .
DAILYDZHAO-000299	do you miss your old co workers ?	of course . i spent so much time at my old workplace that i got to know them all very well . they were like family to me .	do people in different departments get along with each other ?	sure . since we work together in teams , we have to get along with each other .	do you like working in teams with people from different departments ?	yes . i like it when people from different departments come together .
DAILYDZHAO-000300	do you miss your old co workers ?	of course . i spent so much time at my old workplace that i got to know them all very well . they were like family to me .	do people in different departments get along with each other ?	sure . since we work together in teams , we have to get along with each other .	do you like working in teams with people from different departments ?	yes , i do like working in teams . i work well together with colleagues from other departments and from the commercial bank .
DAILYDZHAO-000301	do you miss your old co workers ?	of course . i spent so much time at my old workplace that i got to know them all very well . they were like family to me .	do people in different departments get along with each other ?	sure . since we work together in teams , we have to get along with each other .	do you like working in teams with people from different departments ?	yes , i have . i have a good skill and i prefers to by myself on business during my spare time full of my spare time . however , i ' ve got to work more from this end
DAILYDZHAO-000302	do you miss your old co workers ?	of course . i spent so much time at my old workplace that i got to know them all very well . they were like family to me .	do people in different departments get along with each other ?	sure . since we work together in teams , we have to get along with each other .	do you like working in teams with people from different departments ?	yes , i do . i like to work in a team team .
DAILYDZHAO-000303	do you miss your old co workers ?	of course . i spent so much time at my old workplace that i got to know them all very well . they were like family to me .	do people in different departments get along with each other ?	sure . since we work together in teams , we have to get along with each other .	do you like working in teams with people from different departments ?	yes , i think so . i think i ' ve got a lot of work in the field .
DAILYDZHAO-000304	do you miss your old co workers ?	of course . i spent so much time at my old workplace that i got to know them all very well . they were like family to me .	do people in different departments get along with each other ?	sure . since we work together in teams , we have to get along with each other .	do you like working in teams with people from different departments ?	yes , we do . i have to think about the one growth that that company has become higher experience in working leadership in the south .
DAILYDZHAO-000305	do you miss your old co workers ?	of course . i spent so much time at my old workplace that i got to know them all very well . they were like family to me .	do people in different departments get along with each other ?	sure . since we work together in teams , we have to get along with each other .	do you like working in teams with people from different departments ?	could you tell me your education background ?
DAILYDZHAO-000306	i do n't know .	you said this was the right stop .	i think i was wrong .	did we get off the bus too early ?	i do n't know it kind of looks like we did .	why did you tell me to get off ?
DAILYDZHAO-000307	i do n't know .	you said this was the right stop .	i think i was wrong .	did we get off the bus too early ?	i do n't know it kind of looks like we did .	let 's get off at the next stop . you wo n't get off here long .
DAILYDZHAO-000308	i do n't know .	you said this was the right stop .	i think i was wrong .	did we get off the bus too early ?	i do n't know it kind of looks like we did .	they mustached during the rush .
DAILYDZHAO-000309	i do n't know .	you said this was the right stop .	i think i was wrong .	did we get off the bus too early ?	i do n't know it kind of looks like we did .	then where shall we have gone ?
DAILYDZHAO-000310	i do n't know .	you said this was the right stop .	i think i was wrong .	did we get off the bus too early ?	i do n't know it kind of looks like we did .	i think i should get a better one .
DAILYDZHAO-000311	i do n't know .	you said this was the right stop .	i think i was wrong .	did we get off the bus too early ?	i do n't know it kind of looks like we did .	i 'm glad you like it .
DAILYDZHAO-000312	i do n't know .	you said this was the right stop .	i think i was wrong .	did we get off the bus too early ?	i do n't know it kind of looks like we did .	i think you 're right .
DAILYDZHAO-000313	i do n't know .	you said this was the right stop .	i think i was wrong .	did we get off the bus too early ?	i do n't know it kind of looks like we did .	i ' ve been through <unk> now . i ended getting jetlag . i did n't beat it .
DAILYDZHAO-000314	i do n't know .	you said this was the right stop .	i think i was wrong .	did we get off the bus too early ?	i do n't know it kind of looks like we did .	hey , let ' s pull over and look at that house over there .
DAILYDZHAO-000315	which kind of internet connection do you want to get ?	what kind can i get ?	there is dial up or del .	which one do you feel is best ?	i would get del if i were you .	del is better than dial up ?
DAILYDZHAO-000316	which kind of internet connection do you want to get ?	what kind can i get ?	there is dial up or del .	which one do you feel is best ?	i would get del if i were you .	i 'll take dial up .
DAILYDZHAO-000317	which kind of internet connection do you want to get ?	what kind can i get ?	there is dial up or del .	which one do you feel is best ?	i would get del if i were you .	all right , that should n't be a problem . how much should i pay ?
DAILYDZHAO-000318	which kind of internet connection do you want to get ?	what kind can i get ?	there is dial up or del .	which one do you feel is best ?	i would get del if i were you .	i think i would get the white one .
DAILYDZHAO-000319	which kind of internet connection do you want to get ?	what kind can i get ?	there is dial up or del .	which one do you feel is best ?	i would get del if i were you .	i 'll take it .
DAILYDZHAO-000320	which kind of internet connection do you want to get ?	what kind can i get ?	there is dial up or del .	which one do you feel is best ?	i would get del if i were you .	i see . i 'll have a try .
DAILYDZHAO-000321	which kind of internet connection do you want to get ?	what kind can i get ?	there is dial up or del .	which one do you feel is best ?	i would get del if i were you .	don ' t worry about you ! they are hard , but they would like you to comfort yourself yourself above the sea . '
DAILYDZHAO-000322	which kind of internet connection do you want to get ?	what kind can i get ?	there is dial up or del .	which one do you feel is best ?	i would get del if i were you .	well , you can say that again .
DAILYDZHAO-000323	which kind of internet connection do you want to get ?	what kind can i get ?	there is dial up or del .	which one do you feel is best ?	i would get del if i were you .	she said that the columnist for the literary criticism column would be going on pregnancy leave soon and that i could be in charge of the column until she came back .
DAILYDZHAO-000324	can i help you , sir ?	hello , may i make an appointment for sometime early this afternoon ?	i 'm sorry . all the appointments are filled .	oh , what a pity . i 'd like to see the doctor as soon as possible . i have a sharp pain in my chest .	let me see ... perhaps i could fit you in at five thirty .	five thirty ? i have a dinner appointment at six .
DAILYDZHAO-000325	can i help you , sir ?	hello , may i make an appointment for sometime early this afternoon ?	i 'm sorry . all the appointments are filled .	oh , what a pity . i 'd like to see the doctor as soon as possible . i have a sharp pain in my chest .	let me see ... perhaps i could fit you in at five thirty .	ok . i 'll be there at five thirty .
DAILYDZHAO-000326	can i help you , sir ?	hello , may i make an appointment for sometime early this afternoon ?	i 'm sorry . all the appointments are filled .	oh , what a pity . i 'd like to see the doctor as soon as possible . i have a sharp pain in my chest .	let me see ... perhaps i could fit you in at five thirty .	ok . i 'll be there at five thirty .
DAILYDZHAO-000327	can i help you , sir ?	hello , may i make an appointment for sometime early this afternoon ?	i 'm sorry . all the appointments are filled .	oh , what a pity . i 'd like to see the doctor as soon as possible . i have a sharp pain in my chest .	let me see ... perhaps i could fit you in at five thirty .	but i 'd prefer to go home at six . i do n't think i can do it now .
DAILYDZHAO-000328	can i help you , sir ?	hello , may i make an appointment for sometime early this afternoon ?	i 'm sorry . all the appointments are filled .	oh , what a pity . i 'd like to see the doctor as soon as possible . i have a sharp pain in my chest .	let me see ... perhaps i could fit you in at five thirty .	that 's fine .
DAILYDZHAO-000329	can i help you , sir ?	hello , may i make an appointment for sometime early this afternoon ?	i 'm sorry . all the appointments are filled .	oh , what a pity . i 'd like to see the doctor as soon as possible . i have a sharp pain in my chest .	let me see ... perhaps i could fit you in at five thirty .	i 'm afraid i ca n't . i 'm terribly sorry .
DAILYDZHAO-000330	can i help you , sir ?	hello , may i make an appointment for sometime early this afternoon ?	i 'm sorry . all the appointments are filled .	oh , what a pity . i 'd like to see the doctor as soon as possible . i have a sharp pain in my chest .	let me see ... perhaps i could fit you in at five thirty .	that 's fine .
DAILYDZHAO-000331	can i help you , sir ?	hello , may i make an appointment for sometime early this afternoon ?	i 'm sorry . all the appointments are filled .	oh , what a pity . i 'd like to see the doctor as soon as possible . i have a sharp pain in my chest .	let me see ... perhaps i could fit you in at five thirty .	that 's fine .
DAILYDZHAO-000332	can i help you , sir ?	hello , may i make an appointment for sometime early this afternoon ?	i 'm sorry . all the appointments are filled .	oh , what a pity . i 'd like to see the doctor as soon as possible . i have a sharp pain in my chest .	let me see ... perhaps i could fit you in at five thirty .	what kind of chocolate do you want ?
DAILYDZHAO-000333	is there someone i can talk to about a payment question ?	yes , we can handle that here . how can i help you ?	my paycheck that just arrived is less than last week ' s check .
DAILYDZHAO-000334	is there someone i can talk to about a payment question ?	yes , we can handle that here . how can i help you ?	i 'd like to make a payment of 100 yuan to my bank account .
DAILYDZHAO-000335	is there someone i can talk to about a payment question ?	yes , we can handle that here . how can i help you ?	i want to speak with a representative from switzerland about a payment decision . how much would you like us to pay you ?
DAILYDZHAO-000336	is there someone i can talk to about a payment question ?	yes , we can handle that here . how can i help you ?	i 'm a new customer here . i 'm looking for a new credit card .
DAILYDZHAO-000337	is there someone i can talk to about a payment question ?	yes , we can handle that here . how can i help you ?	i want to apply for a loan .
DAILYDZHAO-000338	is there someone i can talk to about a payment question ?	yes , we can handle that here . how can i help you ?	i want to buy a pair of shoes .
DAILYDZHAO-000339	is there someone i can talk to about a payment question ?	yes , we can handle that here . how can i help you ?	i 'm looking for a sweater .
DAILYDZHAO-000340	is there someone i can talk to about a payment question ?	yes , we can handle that here . how can i help you ?	hello , how can i get my letter ?
DAILYDZHAO-000341	is there someone i can talk to about a payment question ?	yes , we can handle that here . how can i help you ?	i was wondering if you could go over the services available at edd to help me get a job .
DAILYDZHAO-000342	you need it to pay your fine .	why ca n't i just give you the money for the fine ?	because , i need to see a photo i d in order to verify who you are .	okay , i think i understand .	all right , come back and bring your i d .	so once i pay this off , my record will be cleared ?
DAILYDZHAO-000343	you need it to pay your fine .	why ca n't i just give you the money for the fine ?	because , i need to see a photo i d in order to verify who you are .	okay , i think i understand .	all right , come back and bring your i d .	okay .
DAILYDZHAO-000344	you need it to pay your fine .	why ca n't i just give you the money for the fine ?	because , i need to see a photo i d in order to verify who you are .	okay , i think i understand .	all right , come back and bring your i d .	here you are .
DAILYDZHAO-000345	you need it to pay your fine .	why ca n't i just give you the money for the fine ?	because , i need to see a photo i d in order to verify who you are .	okay , i think i understand .	all right , come back and bring your i d .	here you are .
DAILYDZHAO-000346	you need it to pay your fine .	why ca n't i just give you the money for the fine ?	because , i need to see a photo i d in order to verify who you are .	okay , i think i understand .	all right , come back and bring your i d .	no , thanks .
DAILYDZHAO-000347	you need it to pay your fine .	why ca n't i just give you the money for the fine ?	because , i need to see a photo i d in order to verify who you are .	okay , i think i understand .	all right , come back and bring your i d .	here you are .
DAILYDZHAO-000348	you need it to pay your fine .	why ca n't i just give you the money for the fine ?	because , i need to see a photo i d in order to verify who you are .	okay , i think i understand .	all right , come back and bring your i d .	yes , here it is .
DAILYDZHAO-000349	you need it to pay your fine .	why ca n't i just give you the money for the fine ?	because , i need to see a photo i d in order to verify who you are .	okay , i think i understand .	all right , come back and bring your i d .	here you are .
DAILYDZHAO-000350	you need it to pay your fine .	why ca n't i just give you the money for the fine ?	because , i need to see a photo i d in order to verify who you are .	okay , i think i understand .	all right , come back and bring your i d .	do you have a clear career path to follow ?
DAILYDZHAO-000351	excuse me . i was wondering how to order office supplies .	we have a requisition form on the company web site . what type of supplies do you need ?	i need paper , ink cartridges , and paper clips .	how quickly will you need your supplies ?	i need all of my supplies right away .	we also will have to check your department budget . do you know how much money you have for office supplies ?
DAILYDZHAO-000352	excuse me . i was wondering how to order office supplies .	we have a requisition form on the company web site . what type of supplies do you need ?	i need paper , ink cartridges , and paper clips .	how quickly will you need your supplies ?	i need all of my supplies right away .	ok . i will get them for you .
DAILYDZHAO-000353	excuse me . i was wondering how to order office supplies .	we have a requisition form on the company web site . what type of supplies do you need ?	i need paper , ink cartridges , and paper clips .	how quickly will you need your supplies ?	i need all of my supplies right away .	what 's the postage for your supplies ?
DAILYDZHAO-000354	excuse me . i was wondering how to order office supplies .	we have a requisition form on the company web site . what type of supplies do you need ?	i need paper , ink cartridges , and paper clips .	how quickly will you need your supplies ?	i need all of my supplies right away .	please wait a moment . that 's all i need .
DAILYDZHAO-000355	excuse me . i was wondering how to order office supplies .	we have a requisition form on the company web site . what type of supplies do you need ?	i need paper , ink cartridges , and paper clips .	how quickly will you need your supplies ?	i need all of my supplies right away .	i 'll have to check the toner cartridge .
DAILYDZHAO-000356	excuse me . i was wondering how to order office supplies .	we have a requisition form on the company web site . what type of supplies do you need ?	i need paper , ink cartridges , and paper clips .	how quickly will you need your supplies ?	i need all of my supplies right away .	what kind of things do you want ?
DAILYDZHAO-000357	excuse me . i was wondering how to order office supplies .	we have a requisition form on the company web site . what type of supplies do you need ?	i need paper , ink cartridges , and paper clips .	how quickly will you need your supplies ?	i need all of my supplies right away .	you can do it .
DAILYDZHAO-000358	excuse me . i was wondering how to order office supplies .	we have a requisition form on the company web site . what type of supplies do you need ?	i need paper , ink cartridges , and paper clips .	how quickly will you need your supplies ?	i need all of my supplies right away .	i see .
DAILYDZHAO-000359	excuse me . i was wondering how to order office supplies .	we have a requisition form on the company web site . what type of supplies do you need ?	i need paper , ink cartridges , and paper clips .	how quickly will you need your supplies ?	i need all of my supplies right away .	oh , iris ! what was it about this time ?
DAILYDZHAO-000360	what a beautiful home !	you ' ll notice that the window treatments , carpeting , and drapes are all new .	i like the way the blinds give you privacy from the street .	follow me into the kitchen . you will love it .	i love that they put a wine storage area in the kitchen .	the best part is the bedroom and attached bathroom .
DAILYDZHAO-000361	what a beautiful home !	you ' ll notice that the window treatments , carpeting , and drapes are all new .	i like the way the blinds give you privacy from the street .	follow me into the kitchen . you will love it .	i love that they put a wine storage area in the kitchen .	i love that they also put a garage door in the kitchen .
DAILYDZHAO-000362	what a beautiful home !	you ' ll notice that the window treatments , carpeting , and drapes are all new .	i like the way the blinds give you privacy from the street .	follow me into the kitchen . you will love it .	i love that they put a wine storage area in the kitchen .	i ' m sure you will .
DAILYDZHAO-000363	what a beautiful home !	you ' ll notice that the window treatments , carpeting , and drapes are all new .	i like the way the blinds give you privacy from the street .	follow me into the kitchen . you will love it .	i love that they put a wine storage area in the kitchen .	that ' s great .
DAILYDZHAO-000364	what a beautiful home !	you ' ll notice that the window treatments , carpeting , and drapes are all new .	i like the way the blinds give you privacy from the street .	follow me into the kitchen . you will love it .	i love that they put a wine storage area in the kitchen .	i ' m afraid you ' ll be able to get a new one .
DAILYDZHAO-000365	what a beautiful home !	you ' ll notice that the window treatments , carpeting , and drapes are all new .	i like the way the blinds give you privacy from the street .	follow me into the kitchen . you will love it .	i love that they put a wine storage area in the kitchen .	but tea has been changing filled with heavy water .
DAILYDZHAO-000366	what a beautiful home !	you ' ll notice that the window treatments , carpeting , and drapes are all new .	i like the way the blinds give you privacy from the street .	follow me into the kitchen . you will love it .	i love that they put a wine storage area in the kitchen .	that 's fine . i 'll take it .
DAILYDZHAO-000367	what a beautiful home !	you ' ll notice that the window treatments , carpeting , and drapes are all new .	i like the way the blinds give you privacy from the street .	follow me into the kitchen . you will love it .	i love that they put a wine storage area in the kitchen .	yes , it ' s the best way to get rid of the carpet .
DAILYDZHAO-000368	what a beautiful home !	you ' ll notice that the window treatments , carpeting , and drapes are all new .	i like the way the blinds give you privacy from the street .	follow me into the kitchen . you will love it .	i love that they put a wine storage area in the kitchen .	we have movie channel packages .
DAILYDZHAO-000369	i would like to make an appointment for a project meeting .	of course , i have monday or tuesday available . what day would be best for you ?	i would like to meet on monday .	very well then . are mornings or afternoons best ?
DAILYDZHAO-000370	i would like to make an appointment for a project meeting .	of course , i have monday or tuesday available . what day would be best for you ?	i would like to meet on monday .	ok . i will put you on to wednesday , then on thursday .
DAILYDZHAO-000371	i would like to make an appointment for a project meeting .	of course , i have monday or tuesday available . what day would be best for you ?	i would like to meet on monday .	ok , monday is my favorite day .
DAILYDZHAO-000372	i would like to make an appointment for a project meeting .	of course , i have monday or tuesday available . what day would be best for you ?	i would like to meet on monday .	how about thursday ?
DAILYDZHAO-000373	i would like to make an appointment for a project meeting .	of course , i have monday or tuesday available . what day would be best for you ?	i would like to meet on monday .	ok . i 'll be expecting you at 9 30 .
DAILYDZHAO-000374	i would like to make an appointment for a project meeting .	of course , i have monday or tuesday available . what day would be best for you ?	i would like to meet on monday .	at that time you want ?
DAILYDZHAO-000375	i would like to make an appointment for a project meeting .	of course , i have monday or tuesday available . what day would be best for you ?	i would like to meet on monday .	ok . i 'll meet you at the next stop .
DAILYDZHAO-000376	i would like to make an appointment for a project meeting .	of course , i have monday or tuesday available . what day would be best for you ?	i would like to meet on monday .	will you be free on friday ?
DAILYDZHAO-000377	i would like to make an appointment for a project meeting .	of course , i have monday or tuesday available . what day would be best for you ?	i would like to meet on monday .	yes .
DAILYDZHAO-000378	i did n't see the crash itself , but i did see the smoke and everything afterwards from my parents ' apartment building .	that must have been horrible . did you go out at all that day to see what was going on ?	no , we decided to stay in our apartment . with all the buses out of service and the underground trains at a halt , many people had no choice but to walk home . it was utter chaos .	did you know anyone who worked in the world trade center ?	yes , my uncle 's firm had an office in one of the towers .	did he survive ?
DAILYDZHAO-000379	i did n't see the crash itself , but i did see the smoke and everything afterwards from my parents ' apartment building .	that must have been horrible . did you go out at all that day to see what was going on ?	no , we decided to stay in our apartment . with all the buses out of service and the underground trains at a halt , many people had no choice but to walk home . it was utter chaos .	did you know anyone who worked in the world trade center ?	yes , my uncle 's firm had an office in one of the towers .	did you know that the fire was still burning when you left ?
DAILYDZHAO-000380	i did n't see the crash itself , but i did see the smoke and everything afterwards from my parents ' apartment building .	that must have been horrible . did you go out at all that day to see what was going on ?	no , we decided to stay in our apartment . with all the buses out of service and the underground trains at a halt , many people had no choice but to walk home . it was utter chaos .	did you know anyone who worked in the world trade center ?	yes , my uncle 's firm had an office in one of the towers .	did they have the license ?
DAILYDZHAO-000381	i did n't see the crash itself , but i did see the smoke and everything afterwards from my parents ' apartment building .	that must have been horrible . did you go out at all that day to see what was going on ?	no , we decided to stay in our apartment . with all the buses out of service and the underground trains at a halt , many people had no choice but to walk home . it was utter chaos .	did you know anyone who worked in the world trade center ?	yes , my uncle 's firm had an office in one of the towers .	did you go to the funeral home ?
DAILYDZHAO-000382	i did n't see the crash itself , but i did see the smoke and everything afterwards from my parents ' apartment building .	that must have been horrible . did you go out at all that day to see what was going on ?	no , we decided to stay in our apartment . with all the buses out of service and the underground trains at a halt , many people had no choice but to walk home . it was utter chaos .	did you know anyone who worked in the world trade center ?	yes , my uncle 's firm had an office in one of the towers .	did you get any honors ?
DAILYDZHAO-000383	i did n't see the crash itself , but i did see the smoke and everything afterwards from my parents ' apartment building .	that must have been horrible . did you go out at all that day to see what was going on ?	no , we decided to stay in our apartment . with all the buses out of service and the underground trains at a halt , many people had no choice but to walk home . it was utter chaos .	did you know anyone who worked in the world trade center ?	yes , my uncle 's firm had an office in one of the towers .	i see . you must have been a lot of trouble in this .
DAILYDZHAO-000384	i did n't see the crash itself , but i did see the smoke and everything afterwards from my parents ' apartment building .	that must have been horrible . did you go out at all that day to see what was going on ?	no , we decided to stay in our apartment . with all the buses out of service and the underground trains at a halt , many people had no choice but to walk home . it was utter chaos .	did you know anyone who worked in the world trade center ?	yes , my uncle 's firm had an office in one of the towers .	what 's the number of the building ?
DAILYDZHAO-000385	i did n't see the crash itself , but i did see the smoke and everything afterwards from my parents ' apartment building .	that must have been horrible . did you go out at all that day to see what was going on ?	no , we decided to stay in our apartment . with all the buses out of service and the underground trains at a halt , many people had no choice but to walk home . it was utter chaos .	did you know anyone who worked in the world trade center ?	yes , my uncle 's firm had an office in one of the towers .	what did you do ?
DAILYDZHAO-000386	i did n't see the crash itself , but i did see the smoke and everything afterwards from my parents ' apartment building .	that must have been horrible . did you go out at all that day to see what was going on ?	no , we decided to stay in our apartment . with all the buses out of service and the underground trains at a halt , many people had no choice but to walk home . it was utter chaos .	did you know anyone who worked in the world trade center ?	yes , my uncle 's firm had an office in one of the towers .	i need to take a driver 's course .
DAILYDZHAO-000387	hello , this is shogun restaurant .	hello , i need to make a dinner reservation .	can you tell me what night you will be coming ?
DAILYDZHAO-000388	hello , this is shogun restaurant .	hello , i need to make a dinner reservation .	certainly , ma'am .
DAILYDZHAO-000389	hello , this is shogun restaurant .	hello , i need to make a dinner reservation .	certainly .
DAILYDZHAO-000390	hello , this is shogun restaurant .	hello , i need to make a dinner reservation .	certainly , sir . how do you like to pay ?
DAILYDZHAO-000391	hello , this is shogun restaurant .	hello , i need to make a dinner reservation .	what kind of room would you like ?
DAILYDZHAO-000392	hello , this is shogun restaurant .	hello , i need to make a dinner reservation .	i 'm sorry . we have just booked in single room except 5 nights .
DAILYDZHAO-000393	hello , this is shogun restaurant .	hello , i need to make a dinner reservation .	what kind of room would you like ?
DAILYDZHAO-000394	hello , this is shogun restaurant .	hello , i need to make a dinner reservation .	is this your first time ?
DAILYDZHAO-000395	hello , this is shogun restaurant .	hello , i need to make a dinner reservation .	1021.it ' s a duet ! come on , pick the mic and sing along !
DAILYDZHAO-000396	what happened today on the freeway ?	you do n't know what happened ?	what did happen ?
DAILYDZHAO-000397	what happened today on the freeway ?	you do n't know what happened ?	i do n't know .
DAILYDZHAO-000398	what happened today on the freeway ?	you do n't know what happened ?	i do n't know .
DAILYDZHAO-000399	what happened today on the freeway ?	you do n't know what happened ?	i think my car got stuck in traffic jam .
DAILYDZHAO-000400	what happened today on the freeway ?	you do n't know what happened ?	what was it getting ?
DAILYDZHAO-000401	what happened today on the freeway ?	you do n't know what happened ?	i would n't agree with that .
DAILYDZHAO-000402	what happened today on the freeway ?	you do n't know what happened ?	i 'm not sure .
DAILYDZHAO-000403	what happened today on the freeway ?	you do n't know what happened ?	i was n't sure .
DAILYDZHAO-000404	what happened today on the freeway ?	you do n't know what happened ?	yes , sir . that 's correct . how will you pay your bill , cash or credit card ?
DAILYDZHAO-000405	i was just wondering if many chinese people take their leftover food home from a restaurant .	in most cities in china , doggie bags are quite uncommon .	what happen to all the leftover food ?	it usually goes to the dump .	that seems like an awful waste ! why do n't people order fewer dishes so that they do n't have to throw so much away at the end of the meal ?	ordering a lot of food at restaurants is just a tradition in china . you know , in the past , people could not afford to eat out like they can today .
DAILYDZHAO-000406	i was just wondering if many chinese people take their leftover food home from a restaurant .	in most cities in china , doggie bags are quite uncommon .	what happen to all the leftover food ?	it usually goes to the dump .	that seems like an awful waste ! why do n't people order fewer dishes so that they do n't have to throw so much away at the end of the meal ?	what is the difference between a chicken soup and a roast duck ?
DAILYDZHAO-000407	i was just wondering if many chinese people take their leftover food home from a restaurant .	in most cities in china , doggie bags are quite uncommon .	what happen to all the leftover food ?	it usually goes to the dump .	that seems like an awful waste ! why do n't people order fewer dishes so that they do n't have to throw so much away at the end of the meal ?	that 's a good idea .
DAILYDZHAO-000408	i was just wondering if many chinese people take their leftover food home from a restaurant .	in most cities in china , doggie bags are quite uncommon .	what happen to all the leftover food ?	it usually goes to the dump .	that seems like an awful waste ! why do n't people order fewer dishes so that they do n't have to throw so much away at the end of the meal ?	why not ? it might be the only way to survive a bad meal .
DAILYDZHAO-000409	i was just wondering if many chinese people take their leftover food home from a restaurant .	in most cities in china , doggie bags are quite uncommon .	what happen to all the leftover food ?	it usually goes to the dump .	that seems like an awful waste ! why do n't people order fewer dishes so that they do n't have to throw so much away at the end of the meal ?	we have a lot to do . she 's eaten all the bread .
DAILYDZHAO-000410	i was just wondering if many chinese people take their leftover food home from a restaurant .	in most cities in china , doggie bags are quite uncommon .	what happen to all the leftover food ?	it usually goes to the dump .	that seems like an awful waste ! why do n't people order fewer dishes so that they do n't have to throw so much away at the end of the meal ?	i do n't think so . i do n't know what to say . i do n't know what to say .
DAILYDZHAO-000411	i was just wondering if many chinese people take their leftover food home from a restaurant .	in most cities in china , doggie bags are quite uncommon .	what happen to all the leftover food ?	it usually goes to the dump .	that seems like an awful waste ! why do n't people order fewer dishes so that they do n't have to throw so much away at the end of the meal ?	that 's right .
DAILYDZHAO-000412	i was just wondering if many chinese people take their leftover food home from a restaurant .	in most cities in china , doggie bags are quite uncommon .	what happen to all the leftover food ?	it usually goes to the dump .	that seems like an awful waste ! why do n't people order fewer dishes so that they do n't have to throw so much away at the end of the meal ?	i 'm sorry . i ca n't wait to get it .
DAILYDZHAO-000413	i was just wondering if many chinese people take their leftover food home from a restaurant .	in most cities in china , doggie bags are quite uncommon .	what happen to all the leftover food ?	it usually goes to the dump .	that seems like an awful waste ! why do n't people order fewer dishes so that they do n't have to throw so much away at the end of the meal ?	did you pass the test your first try ?
DAILYDZHAO-000414	i need to get on another bus , but i have no more money .	where 'd the rest of your money for the bus go ?	i spent it on a bag of chips .	well , that was an intelligent thing to do .	you do n't have any spare change ?
DAILYDZHAO-000415	i need to get on another bus , but i have no more money .	where 'd the rest of your money for the bus go ?	i spent it on a bag of chips .	well , that was an intelligent thing to do .	thank you .
DAILYDZHAO-000416	i need to get on another bus , but i have no more money .	where 'd the rest of your money for the bus go ?	i spent it on a bag of chips .	well , that was an intelligent thing to do .	i know . i know .
DAILYDZHAO-000417	i need to get on another bus , but i have no more money .	where 'd the rest of your money for the bus go ?	i spent it on a bag of chips .	well , that was an intelligent thing to do .	i think you should have more money .
DAILYDZHAO-000418	i need to get on another bus , but i have no more money .	where 'd the rest of your money for the bus go ?	i spent it on a bag of chips .	well , that was an intelligent thing to do .	i know . but i do n't think i can get any more .
DAILYDZHAO-000419	i need to get on another bus , but i have no more money .	where 'd the rest of your money for the bus go ?	i spent it on a bag of chips .	well , that was an intelligent thing to do .	i think you ' re right .
DAILYDZHAO-000420	i need to get on another bus , but i have no more money .	where 'd the rest of your money for the bus go ?	i spent it on a bag of chips .	well , that was an intelligent thing to do .	that 's a good idea . i 'll be at your place .
DAILYDZHAO-000421	i need to get on another bus , but i have no more money .	where 'd the rest of your money for the bus go ?	i spent it on a bag of chips .	well , that was an intelligent thing to do .	we ' ve never had a bus until the back of my car had n't been fit .
DAILYDZHAO-000422	i need to get on another bus , but i have no more money .	where 'd the rest of your money for the bus go ?	i spent it on a bag of chips .	well , that was an intelligent thing to do .	i 'm not quite sure .
DAILYDZHAO-000423	i liked physics . it ' s all math , really . arcs , curves , velocity , cool stuff .	yeah , yeah , but today ' s lesson was all about the creation of the universe .	a physics class about the creation of the universe ? that ' s some pretty unscientific language there . sounds more religious to me .	it ' s all religion . take the theory of the big bang.how is it possible that all of the stuff in the universe comes from an explosion ? that ' s no better than atlas carrying	turtles ? whatever ... look , all that ' s required for the creation of matter an imbalance of particles and anti particles . at least , that ' s what the math says .	math , sheath . what ' s the evidence ?
DAILYDZHAO-000424	i liked physics . it ' s all math , really . arcs , curves , velocity , cool stuff .	yeah , yeah , but today ' s lesson was all about the creation of the universe .	a physics class about the creation of the universe ? that ' s some pretty unscientific language there . sounds more religious to me .	it ' s all religion . take the theory of the big bang.how is it possible that all of the stuff in the universe comes from an explosion ? that ' s no better than atlas carrying	turtles ? whatever ... look , all that ' s required for the creation of matter an imbalance of particles and anti particles . at least , that ' s what the math says .	perfect . think about how boring it would be to have all our reliable stuff fried by violent space warping .
DAILYDZHAO-000425	i liked physics . it ' s all math , really . arcs , curves , velocity , cool stuff .	yeah , yeah , but today ' s lesson was all about the creation of the universe .	a physics class about the creation of the universe ? that ' s some pretty unscientific language there . sounds more religious to me .	it ' s all religion . take the theory of the big bang.how is it possible that all of the stuff in the universe comes from an explosion ? that ' s no better than atlas carrying	turtles ? whatever ... look , all that ' s required for the creation of matter an imbalance of particles and anti particles . at least , that ' s what the math says .	what ' s the math saying ?
DAILYDZHAO-000426	i liked physics . it ' s all math , really . arcs , curves , velocity , cool stuff .	yeah , yeah , but today ' s lesson was all about the creation of the universe .	a physics class about the creation of the universe ? that ' s some pretty unscientific language there . sounds more religious to me .	it ' s all religion . take the theory of the big bang.how is it possible that all of the stuff in the universe comes from an explosion ? that ' s no better than atlas carrying	turtles ? whatever ... look , all that ' s required for the creation of matter an imbalance of particles and anti particles . at least , that ' s what the math says .	the archers were so clever ! they could run the ball up through the earth ' s atmosphere . that ' s a pretty nice way to tell a story about how archers were able to defeat an opponent at an earlier time .
DAILYDZHAO-000427	i liked physics . it ' s all math , really . arcs , curves , velocity , cool stuff .	yeah , yeah , but today ' s lesson was all about the creation of the universe .	a physics class about the creation of the universe ? that ' s some pretty unscientific language there . sounds more religious to me .	it ' s all religion . take the theory of the big bang.how is it possible that all of the stuff in the universe comes from an explosion ? that ' s no better than atlas carrying	turtles ? whatever ... look , all that ' s required for the creation of matter an imbalance of particles and anti particles . at least , that ' s what the math says .	you know , the first one is the world . the <unk> , the world is <unk> .
DAILYDZHAO-000428	i liked physics . it ' s all math , really . arcs , curves , velocity , cool stuff .	yeah , yeah , but today ' s lesson was all about the creation of the universe .	a physics class about the creation of the universe ? that ' s some pretty unscientific language there . sounds more religious to me .	it ' s all religion . take the theory of the big bang.how is it possible that all of the stuff in the universe comes from an explosion ? that ' s no better than atlas carrying	turtles ? whatever ... look , all that ' s required for the creation of matter an imbalance of particles and anti particles . at least , that ' s what the math says .	i know . but i ' m not sure if i can do anything .
DAILYDZHAO-000429	i liked physics . it ' s all math , really . arcs , curves , velocity , cool stuff .	yeah , yeah , but today ' s lesson was all about the creation of the universe .	a physics class about the creation of the universe ? that ' s some pretty unscientific language there . sounds more religious to me .	it ' s all religion . take the theory of the big bang.how is it possible that all of the stuff in the universe comes from an explosion ? that ' s no better than atlas carrying	turtles ? whatever ... look , all that ' s required for the creation of matter an imbalance of particles and anti particles . at least , that ' s what the math says .	what are you talking about ?
DAILYDZHAO-000430	i liked physics . it ' s all math , really . arcs , curves , velocity , cool stuff .	yeah , yeah , but today ' s lesson was all about the creation of the universe .	a physics class about the creation of the universe ? that ' s some pretty unscientific language there . sounds more religious to me .	it ' s all religion . take the theory of the big bang.how is it possible that all of the stuff in the universe comes from an explosion ? that ' s no better than atlas carrying	turtles ? whatever ... look , all that ' s required for the creation of matter an imbalance of particles and anti particles . at least , that ' s what the math says .	that ' s right . i ' m sure you ' ll have to be a good one .
DAILYDZHAO-000431	i liked physics . it ' s all math , really . arcs , curves , velocity , cool stuff .	yeah , yeah , but today ' s lesson was all about the creation of the universe .	a physics class about the creation of the universe ? that ' s some pretty unscientific language there . sounds more religious to me .	it ' s all religion . take the theory of the big bang.how is it possible that all of the stuff in the universe comes from an explosion ? that ' s no better than atlas carrying	turtles ? whatever ... look , all that ' s required for the creation of matter an imbalance of particles and anti particles . at least , that ' s what the math says .	was it leaking in the bedroom ?
DAILYDZHAO-000432	i can drink ten cups in fifteen minutes . i ' m sure .	you ? you are full of hot air .
DAILYDZHAO-000433	i can drink ten cups in fifteen minutes . i ' m sure .	you ' ve got a powerful appetite . just eat what you want .
DAILYDZHAO-000434	i can drink ten cups in fifteen minutes . i ' m sure .	you ' re lucky .
DAILYDZHAO-000435	i can drink ten cups in fifteen minutes . i ' m sure .	would you like to order soup or noodles for lunch ?
DAILYDZHAO-000436	i can drink ten cups in fifteen minutes . i ' m sure .	that ' s terrific . what do you know , paul ?
DAILYDZHAO-000437	i can drink ten cups in fifteen minutes . i ' m sure .	i ' ll take it .
DAILYDZHAO-000438	i can drink ten cups in fifteen minutes . i ' m sure .	i ' ll bring you a bottle of wine .
DAILYDZHAO-000439	i can drink ten cups in fifteen minutes . i ' m sure .	what a pity !
DAILYDZHAO-000440	i can drink ten cups in fifteen minutes . i ' m sure .	do you have any change ?
DAILYDZHAO-000441	you can get del or dial up .	which of those two is best ?	i would recommend del .	so that one better ?	it 's better because it does n't tie up the phone .	what do you mean by that ?
DAILYDZHAO-000442	you can get del or dial up .	which of those two is best ?	i would recommend del .	so that one better ?	it 's better because it does n't tie up the phone .	that 's very good.anyway , i prefer dial up.it 's more convenient.it saves me quite a bit of time .
DAILYDZHAO-000443	you can get del or dial up .	which of those two is best ?	i would recommend del .	so that one better ?	it 's better because it does n't tie up the phone .	do you have a cell phone ?
DAILYDZHAO-000444	you can get del or dial up .	which of those two is best ?	i would recommend del .	so that one better ?	it 's better because it does n't tie up the phone .	do you have a special brand ?
DAILYDZHAO-000445	you can get del or dial up .	which of those two is best ?	i would recommend del .	so that one better ?	it 's better because it does n't tie up the phone .	they 're hard to do it , but i need the case .
DAILYDZHAO-000446	you can get del or dial up .	which of those two is best ?	i would recommend del .	so that one better ?	it 's better because it does n't tie up the phone .	just tell him you do n't mind that i 'd have an idea .
DAILYDZHAO-000447	you can get del or dial up .	which of those two is best ?	i would recommend del .	so that one better ?	it 's better because it does n't tie up the phone .	do n't worry . i 'll call you again next week .
DAILYDZHAO-000448	you can get del or dial up .	which of those two is best ?	i would recommend del .	so that one better ?	it 's better because it does n't tie up the phone .	i 'll try it .
DAILYDZHAO-000449	you can get del or dial up .	which of those two is best ?	i would recommend del .	so that one better ?	it 's better because it does n't tie up the phone .	the pipe is in my bathroom .
DAILYDZHAO-000450	hi , betty.what ' s up ?	nothing special . how about you ? are you used to the life here in the states ?	everything has been fine for the past several months .
DAILYDZHAO-000451	hi , betty.what ' s up ?	nothing special . how about you ? are you used to the life here in the states ?	not really . i ' ve been here for about two years now .
DAILYDZHAO-000452	hi , betty.what ' s up ?	nothing special . how about you ? are you used to the life here in the states ?	yeah , i ' ve been here for about two years .
DAILYDZHAO-000453	hi , betty.what ' s up ?	nothing special . how about you ? are you used to the life here in the states ?	oh , no , not really . i used to work as a police officer and now i ' m an american .
DAILYDZHAO-000454	hi , betty.what ' s up ?	nothing special . how about you ? are you used to the life here in the states ?	yes i said , i love it .
DAILYDZHAO-000455	hi , betty.what ' s up ?	nothing special . how about you ? are you used to the life here in the states ?	yes , just a much place . i 'm too old to live in . now i love the radio , but i do n't see so much of the time .
DAILYDZHAO-000456	hi , betty.what ' s up ?	nothing special . how about you ? are you used to the life here in the states ?	yes , just a <unk> !
DAILYDZHAO-000457	hi , betty.what ' s up ?	nothing special . how about you ? are you used to the life here in the states ?	yes , i ' ve been thinking of doing a lot of money .
DAILYDZHAO-000458	hi , betty.what ' s up ?	nothing special . how about you ? are you used to the life here in the states ?	i did n't really like it all that much .
DAILYDZHAO-000459	i have a little problem with room 507 .	what exactly seems to be the problem , mr . sandals ?	i found cockroaches in my room .	cockroaches , sir ? that 's unbelievable .
DAILYDZHAO-000460	i have a little problem with room 507 .	what exactly seems to be the problem , mr . sandals ?	i found cockroaches in my room .	have you checked for cockroaches ?
DAILYDZHAO-000461	i have a little problem with room 507 .	what exactly seems to be the problem , mr . sandals ?	i found cockroaches in my room .	have you brought your mattress with you ?
DAILYDZHAO-000462	i have a little problem with room 507 .	what exactly seems to be the problem , mr . sandals ?	i found cockroaches in my room .	is that really all ?
DAILYDZHAO-000463	i have a little problem with room 507 .	what exactly seems to be the problem , mr . sandals ?	i found cockroaches in my room .	then you need to get up to the <unk> .
DAILYDZHAO-000464	i have a little problem with room 507 .	what exactly seems to be the problem , mr . sandals ?	i found cockroaches in my room .	what are you cockroaches ?
DAILYDZHAO-000465	i have a little problem with room 507 .	what exactly seems to be the problem , mr . sandals ?	i found cockroaches in my room .	what 's your favorite ?
DAILYDZHAO-000466	i have a little problem with room 507 .	what exactly seems to be the problem , mr . sandals ?	i found cockroaches in my room .	tell me about the that .
DAILYDZHAO-000467	i have a little problem with room 507 .	what exactly seems to be the problem , mr . sandals ?	i found cockroaches in my room .	sure . doing your homework and preparing for an interview really pays off .
DAILYDZHAO-000468	excuse me , can you help me ? i would like to change rooms if possible , i couldn ' t sleep at all last night , because the people in the room next to mine were making a	i am so sorry to hear that sir , let me check and see what is available , what room are you in now ?	i ' m on the 6th floor , room 698 , i ' v had many problems with that room , just this morning , i called someone up to fix the light fixture in the bathroom , it	oh , dear , well , it looks like we have a few rooms available , can i put you into a room on the 17th floor ? it has a balcony and it doesn ' t face the
DAILYDZHAO-000469	excuse me , can you help me ? i would like to change rooms if possible , i couldn ' t sleep at all last night , because the people in the room next to mine were making a	i am so sorry to hear that sir , let me check and see what is available , what room are you in now ?	i ' m on the 6th floor , room 698 , i ' v had many problems with that room , just this morning , i called someone up to fix the light fixture in the bathroom , it	ok , sir , we will check it for you .
DAILYDZHAO-000470	excuse me , can you help me ? i would like to change rooms if possible , i couldn ' t sleep at all last night , because the people in the room next to mine were making a	i am so sorry to hear that sir , let me check and see what is available , what room are you in now ?	i ' m on the 6th floor , room 698 , i ' v had many problems with that room , just this morning , i called someone up to fix the light fixture in the bathroom , it	oh , i see , i ' m sorry sir , i ' m sorry , but i ' m afraid we ' ll have to change rooms for you .
DAILYDZHAO-000471	excuse me , can you help me ? i would like to change rooms if possible , i couldn ' t sleep at all last night , because the people in the room next to mine were making a	i am so sorry to hear that sir , let me check and see what is available , what room are you in now ?	i ' m on the 6th floor , room 698 , i ' v had many problems with that room , just this morning , i called someone up to fix the light fixture in the bathroom , it	oh , i see , sir , i ' m sorry , i can ' t help you , but i can ' t give you any more than a refund , i ' m really sorry , i
DAILYDZHAO-000472	excuse me , can you help me ? i would like to change rooms if possible , i couldn ' t sleep at all last night , because the people in the room next to mine were making a	i am so sorry to hear that sir , let me check and see what is available , what room are you in now ?	i ' m on the 6th floor , room 698 , i ' v had many problems with that room , just this morning , i called someone up to fix the light fixture in the bathroom , it	that ' s a good idea . we ' ll have a shower and rest in the room for a shower .
DAILYDZHAO-000473	excuse me , can you help me ? i would like to change rooms if possible , i couldn ' t sleep at all last night , because the people in the room next to mine were making a	i am so sorry to hear that sir , let me check and see what is available , what room are you in now ?	i ' m on the 6th floor , room 698 , i ' v had many problems with that room , just this morning , i called someone up to fix the light fixture in the bathroom , it	i ' m sorry . i ' ve got a meeting with my <unk> .
DAILYDZHAO-000474	excuse me , can you help me ? i would like to change rooms if possible , i couldn ' t sleep at all last night , because the people in the room next to mine were making a	i am so sorry to hear that sir , let me check and see what is available , what room are you in now ?	i ' m on the 6th floor , room 698 , i ' v had many problems with that room , just this morning , i called someone up to fix the light fixture in the bathroom , it	what ' s the matter at what i will miss you ?
DAILYDZHAO-000475	excuse me , can you help me ? i would like to change rooms if possible , i couldn ' t sleep at all last night , because the people in the room next to mine were making a	i am so sorry to hear that sir , let me check and see what is available , what room are you in now ?	i ' m on the 6th floor , room 698 , i ' v had many problems with that room , just this morning , i called someone up to fix the light fixture in the bathroom , it	that ' s a good idea . let ' s go to the bathroom , please .
DAILYDZHAO-000476	excuse me , can you help me ? i would like to change rooms if possible , i couldn ' t sleep at all last night , because the people in the room next to mine were making a	i am so sorry to hear that sir , let me check and see what is available , what room are you in now ?	i ' m on the 6th floor , room 698 , i ' v had many problems with that room , just this morning , i called someone up to fix the light fixture in the bathroom , it	why don ' t you use a different font the headings ? they ' ll be more distinct .
DAILYDZHAO-000477	pardon me . does your hotel have a fitness facility ?	yes , sir . we try to anticipate all our guests ' needs , including fitness .	great ! where is it ?	sir , the gym is just below the lobby . you can take the elevator or the stairs .
DAILYDZHAO-000478	pardon me . does your hotel have a fitness facility ?	yes , sir . we try to anticipate all our guests ' needs , including fitness .	great ! where is it ?	it 's on the second floor .
DAILYDZHAO-000479	pardon me . does your hotel have a fitness facility ?	yes , sir . we try to anticipate all our guests ' needs , including fitness .	great ! where is it ?	it 's on the first floor .
DAILYDZHAO-000480	pardon me . does your hotel have a fitness facility ?	yes , sir . we try to anticipate all our guests ' needs , including fitness .	great ! where is it ?	it 's just off of the main street .
DAILYDZHAO-000481	pardon me . does your hotel have a fitness facility ?	yes , sir . we try to anticipate all our guests ' needs , including fitness .	great ! where is it ?	it 's on the <unk> floor .
DAILYDZHAO-000482	pardon me . does your hotel have a fitness facility ?	yes , sir . we try to anticipate all our guests ' needs , including fitness .	great ! where is it ?	it 's a new one .
DAILYDZHAO-000483	pardon me . does your hotel have a fitness facility ?	yes , sir . we try to anticipate all our guests ' needs , including fitness .	great ! where is it ?	on the road in front of the hill . these is around and sandy beaches in gardens .
DAILYDZHAO-000484	pardon me . does your hotel have a fitness facility ?	yes , sir . we try to anticipate all our guests ' needs , including fitness .	great ! where is it ?	it 's on the right floor .
DAILYDZHAO-000485	pardon me . does your hotel have a fitness facility ?	yes , sir . we try to anticipate all our guests ' needs , including fitness .	great ! where is it ?	which one would you recommend ?
DAILYDZHAO-000486	i have never done this before and don ' t know where to begin as far as making an offer on this house .	leave the details of making the offer up to me . what were you thinking you should offer ?	i absolutely must have this house and will pay three hundred and fifty thousand dollars or more .
DAILYDZHAO-000487	i have never done this before and don ' t know where to begin as far as making an offer on this house .	leave the details of making the offer up to me . what were you thinking you should offer ?	i ' m not sure . i ' m not sure what i ' m going to do .
DAILYDZHAO-000488	i have never done this before and don ' t know where to begin as far as making an offer on this house .	leave the details of making the offer up to me . what were you thinking you should offer ?	i am thinking of buying a house for two thousand dollars .
DAILYDZHAO-000489	i have never done this before and don ' t know where to begin as far as making an offer on this house .	leave the details of making the offer up to me . what were you thinking you should offer ?	i need the house renovated , ready for renovation and then sold for what i want .
DAILYDZHAO-000490	i have never done this before and don ' t know where to begin as far as making an offer on this house .	leave the details of making the offer up to me . what were you thinking you should offer ?	i think i ' m going to buy a new car .
DAILYDZHAO-000491	i have never done this before and don ' t know where to begin as far as making an offer on this house .	leave the details of making the offer up to me . what were you thinking you should offer ?	i 'm not sure . i 'm going to have a try .
DAILYDZHAO-000492	i have never done this before and don ' t know where to begin as far as making an offer on this house .	leave the details of making the offer up to me . what were you thinking you should offer ?	because i need to get a promotion to take a salary delighted . this position might help our offer .
DAILYDZHAO-000493	i have never done this before and don ' t know where to begin as far as making an offer on this house .	leave the details of making the offer up to me . what were you thinking you should offer ?	usually , we ' ve got some tickets to make your minds . how much time would you like to work in another concert ?
DAILYDZHAO-000494	i have never done this before and don ' t know where to begin as far as making an offer on this house .	leave the details of making the offer up to me . what were you thinking you should offer ?	excuse me . i 'm looking for an old music box .
DAILYDZHAO-000495	my throat is really dry .	do you want to go get something to drink ?	yes , i 'm parched .	what did you want to drink ?	i was thinking about getting a soda .
DAILYDZHAO-000496	my throat is really dry .	do you want to go get something to drink ?	yes , i 'm parched .	what did you want to drink ?	i 'd like to have a glass of wine .
DAILYDZHAO-000497	my throat is really dry .	do you want to go get something to drink ?	yes , i 'm parched .	what did you want to drink ?	i want to be crazy . do you really want me to play this guitar ?
DAILYDZHAO-000498	my throat is really dry .	do you want to go get something to drink ?	yes , i 'm parched .	what did you want to drink ?	i want to bemoan the date rape in front of all my friends .
DAILYDZHAO-000499	my throat is really dry .	do you want to go get something to drink ?	yes , i 'm parched .	what did you want to drink ?	i 'd like to have a glass of water .
DAILYDZHAO-000500	my throat is really dry .	do you want to go get something to drink ?	yes , i 'm parched .	what did you want to drink ?	i 'd like a cup of coffee .
DAILYDZHAO-000501	my throat is really dry .	do you want to go get something to drink ?	yes , i 'm parched .	what did you want to drink ?	a coke would be better , but i don ' t have any difference for me . what 's out now ?
DAILYDZHAO-000502	my throat is really dry .	do you want to go get something to drink ?	yes , i 'm parched .	what did you want to drink ?	i 'd like to go to the <unk> .
DAILYDZHAO-000503	my throat is really dry .	do you want to go get something to drink ?	yes , i 'm parched .	what did you want to drink ?	that sounds good .
DAILYDZHAO-000504	how did you do on your belts exam ?	fantastic ! i got an overall score of eight .
DAILYDZHAO-000505	how did you do on your belts exam ?	i took the belt test .
DAILYDZHAO-000506	how did you do on your belts exam ?	i took it with cds . if i remember correctly , i took two cds with no math problems .
DAILYDZHAO-000507	how did you do on your belts exam ?	i took it with the intention of doing well , but i 'm afraid that it didn ' t pass .
DAILYDZHAO-000508	how did you do on your belts exam ?	i did n't know . i did n't know .
DAILYDZHAO-000509	how did you do on your belts exam ?	i stabbed it today and went out with a crew .
DAILYDZHAO-000510	how did you do on your belts exam ?	i got a <unk> .
DAILYDZHAO-000511	how did you do on your belts exam ?	i reviewed my thesis about lincoln university , and open the mail to court and psychology .
DAILYDZHAO-000512	how did you do on your belts exam ?	just make sure you keep it on the gentle cycle .
DAILYDZHAO-000513	is this the class to prepare for interviews ?	this is the right place . please join us .
DAILYDZHAO-000514	is this the class to prepare for interviews ?	yes .
DAILYDZHAO-000515	is this the class to prepare for interviews ?	yes , it is .
DAILYDZHAO-000516	is this the class to prepare for interviews ?	yes , it is .
DAILYDZHAO-000517	is this the class to prepare for interviews ?	yes , i am . the interview is important to prepare for the interview .
DAILYDZHAO-000518	is this the class to prepare for interviews ?	yes , i am .
DAILYDZHAO-000519	is this the class to prepare for interviews ?	yes , you can .
DAILYDZHAO-000520	is this the class to prepare for interviews ?	yes , i think so .
DAILYDZHAO-000521	is this the class to prepare for interviews ?	there are many ways what kind of job would you like ?
DAILYDZHAO-000522	oh , iris ! what was it about this time ?	it was over food . i simply wanted some fried chicken but she said no .	i believe she was right . you must know that fried foods contain a lot of fat .	oh , she keeps saying that . she never allows me to have them .	i think you 'd better take her advice since health is the greatest wealth .	but , boris , i am not a baby any more .
DAILYDZHAO-000523	oh , iris ! what was it about this time ?	it was over food . i simply wanted some fried chicken but she said no .	i believe she was right . you must know that fried foods contain a lot of fat .	oh , she keeps saying that . she never allows me to have them .	i think you 'd better take her advice since health is the greatest wealth .	i 'm sorry , but i 'm afraid i ca n't . i 'm afraid i 'll have to go to the doctor .
DAILYDZHAO-000524	oh , iris ! what was it about this time ?	it was over food . i simply wanted some fried chicken but she said no .	i believe she was right . you must know that fried foods contain a lot of fat .	oh , she keeps saying that . she never allows me to have them .	i think you 'd better take her advice since health is the greatest wealth .	i know . but i ca n't just let her go . i 'm going to get some .
DAILYDZHAO-000525	oh , iris ! what was it about this time ?	it was over food . i simply wanted some fried chicken but she said no .	i believe she was right . you must know that fried foods contain a lot of fat .	oh , she keeps saying that . she never allows me to have them .	i think you 'd better take her advice since health is the greatest wealth .	i know . i 'm sure she 'll do .
DAILYDZHAO-000526	oh , iris ! what was it about this time ?	it was over food . i simply wanted some fried chicken but she said no .	i believe she was right . you must know that fried foods contain a lot of fat .	oh , she keeps saying that . she never allows me to have them .	i think you 'd better take her advice since health is the greatest wealth .	i know . but i think i should be more careful about what i eat .
DAILYDZHAO-000527	oh , iris ! what was it about this time ?	it was over food . i simply wanted some fried chicken but she said no .	i believe she was right . you must know that fried foods contain a lot of fat .	oh , she keeps saying that . she never allows me to have them .	i think you 'd better take her advice since health is the greatest wealth .	i know . but i do n't think i 'll be able to do that .
DAILYDZHAO-000528	oh , iris ! what was it about this time ?	it was over food . i simply wanted some fried chicken but she said no .	i believe she was right . you must know that fried foods contain a lot of fat .	oh , she keeps saying that . she never allows me to have them .	i think you 'd better take her advice since health is the greatest wealth .	i know . but i have to take it to my life .
DAILYDZHAO-000529	oh , iris ! what was it about this time ?	it was over food . i simply wanted some fried chicken but she said no .	i believe she was right . you must know that fried foods contain a lot of fat .	oh , she keeps saying that . she never allows me to have them .	i think you 'd better take her advice since health is the greatest wealth .	i see . but i 'm not sure how to read . i expect to capture the combination of food to help .
DAILYDZHAO-000530	oh , iris ! what was it about this time ?	it was over food . i simply wanted some fried chicken but she said no .	i believe she was right . you must know that fried foods contain a lot of fat .	oh , she keeps saying that . she never allows me to have them .	i think you 'd better take her advice since health is the greatest wealth .	we provide up to date training on state of the art equipment .
DAILYDZHAO-000531	hello , thank you for taking the time to interview me .	hi there , i ' m bill gotcha , the owner of gotcha enterprises . did you find your way here ok ?	your assistant gave wonderful directions .
DAILYDZHAO-000532	hello , thank you for taking the time to interview me .	hi there , i ' m bill gotcha , the owner of gotcha enterprises . did you find your way here ok ?	yes , i did .thanks .
DAILYDZHAO-000533	hello , thank you for taking the time to interview me .	hi there , i ' m bill gotcha , the owner of gotcha enterprises . did you find your way here ok ?	i ' m glad to hear that . i ' m here to interview you .
DAILYDZHAO-000534	hello , thank you for taking the time to interview me .	hi there , i ' m bill gotcha , the owner of gotcha enterprises . did you find your way here ok ?	a little . both of you , i am glad to meet you .
DAILYDZHAO-000535	hello , thank you for taking the time to interview me .	hi there , i ' m bill gotcha , the owner of gotcha enterprises . did you find your way here ok ?	oh , in some case , i forgot to pay the credit bill of my customers as the only charge .
DAILYDZHAO-000536	hello , thank you for taking the time to interview me .	hi there , i ' m bill gotcha , the owner of gotcha enterprises . did you find your way here ok ?	yes , i did . i ' ve got a new car .
DAILYDZHAO-000537	hello , thank you for taking the time to interview me .	hi there , i ' m bill gotcha , the owner of gotcha enterprises . did you find your way here ok ?	sure . it looks great .
DAILYDZHAO-000538	hello , thank you for taking the time to interview me .	hi there , i ' m bill gotcha , the owner of gotcha enterprises . did you find your way here ok ?	sure . i don ' t have any use of a service online , so it didn ' t call me .
DAILYDZHAO-000539	hello , thank you for taking the time to interview me .	hi there , i ' m bill gotcha , the owner of gotcha enterprises . did you find your way here ok ?	yes , i 'm from taiwan . i never heard of a gas station where you fill up your own car .
DAILYDZHAO-000540	sure ! i can help you . do you know where the timesheets are kept ?	no , i do n't know where to find one .	well , once you get one off the shelf over there , you first put your name on it . ok ?	yes , i can do that .	now you have to fill in the hours in the blanks and total the hours for the week . do you know how to use military time ?	no , i do n't know what that is .
DAILYDZHAO-000541	sure ! i can help you . do you know where the timesheets are kept ?	no , i do n't know where to find one .	well , once you get one off the shelf over there , you first put your name on it . ok ?	yes , i can do that .	now you have to fill in the hours in the blanks and total the hours for the week . do you know how to use military time ?	yes , i know .
DAILYDZHAO-000542	sure ! i can help you . do you know where the timesheets are kept ?	no , i do n't know where to find one .	well , once you get one off the shelf over there , you first put your name on it . ok ?	yes , i can do that .	now you have to fill in the hours in the blanks and total the hours for the week . do you know how to use military time ?	yes , i know .
DAILYDZHAO-000543	sure ! i can help you . do you know where the timesheets are kept ?	no , i do n't know where to find one .	well , once you get one off the shelf over there , you first put your name on it . ok ?	yes , i can do that .	now you have to fill in the hours in the blanks and total the hours for the week . do you know how to use military time ?	i think i know how to use the clock .
DAILYDZHAO-000544	sure ! i can help you . do you know where the timesheets are kept ?	no , i do n't know where to find one .	well , once you get one off the shelf over there , you first put your name on it . ok ?	yes , i can do that .	now you have to fill in the hours in the blanks and total the hours for the week . do you know how to use military time ?	i do n't know . i do n't know what to do .
DAILYDZHAO-000545	sure ! i can help you . do you know where the timesheets are kept ?	no , i do n't know where to find one .	well , once you get one off the shelf over there , you first put your name on it . ok ?	yes , i can do that .	now you have to fill in the hours in the blanks and total the hours for the week . do you know how to use military time ?	i have n't had any idea of it .
DAILYDZHAO-000546	sure ! i can help you . do you know where the timesheets are kept ?	no , i do n't know where to find one .	well , once you get one off the shelf over there , you first put your name on it . ok ?	yes , i can do that .	now you have to fill in the hours in the blanks and total the hours for the week . do you know how to use military time ?	i think the main part of a country is n't enjoys with me .
DAILYDZHAO-000547	sure ! i can help you . do you know where the timesheets are kept ?	no , i do n't know where to find one .	well , once you get one off the shelf over there , you first put your name on it . ok ?	yes , i can do that .	now you have to fill in the hours in the blanks and total the hours for the week . do you know how to use military time ?	yes , i do . i have a lot of time to do it .
DAILYDZHAO-000548	sure ! i can help you . do you know where the timesheets are kept ?	no , i do n't know where to find one .	well , once you get one off the shelf over there , you first put your name on it . ok ?	yes , i can do that .	now you have to fill in the hours in the blanks and total the hours for the week . do you know how to use military time ?	yes , i have seen them .
DAILYDZHAO-000549	gucci , you look serious . i wish you ' d let your hair down .	really ? ok , i will try my best to be relaxed .
DAILYDZHAO-000550	gucci , you look serious . i wish you ' d let your hair down .	no , mom . i do n't .
DAILYDZHAO-000551	gucci , you look serious . i wish you ' d let your hair down .	i ' m sorry , mr . white . i ' m not allowed to do that .
DAILYDZHAO-000552	gucci , you look serious . i wish you ' d let your hair down .	i ' m sorry . i ' m not feeling too well .
DAILYDZHAO-000553	gucci , you look serious . i wish you ' d let your hair down .	what do you mean ? what did you do ? i ' ve never told anybody !
DAILYDZHAO-000554	gucci , you look serious . i wish you ' d let your hair down .	of course they are . our skirt is really dirty and it is too thin lately .
DAILYDZHAO-000555	gucci , you look serious . i wish you ' d let your hair down .	no , i don ' t really like it .
DAILYDZHAO-000556	gucci , you look serious . i wish you ' d let your hair down .	it ' t if i decided to give it a relaxer .
DAILYDZHAO-000557	gucci , you look serious . i wish you ' d let your hair down .	interesting ! and how do you feel about decision making ? are you an independent thinker , or do you depend more on your superior for direction ?
DAILYDZHAO-000558	i will take part in the finals soon .	come on . i stand behind you .
DAILYDZHAO-000559	i will take part in the finals soon .	i hope so .
DAILYDZHAO-000560	i will take part in the finals soon .	do you think you can make it ?
DAILYDZHAO-000561	i will take part in the finals soon .	you are so lucky .
DAILYDZHAO-000562	i will take part in the finals soon .	i hope you will be able to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get along with the future .
DAILYDZHAO-000563	i will take part in the finals soon .	how so ?
DAILYDZHAO-000564	i will take part in the finals soon .	what do you do ?
DAILYDZHAO-000565	i will take part in the finals soon .	how can you do that ?
DAILYDZHAO-000566	i will take part in the finals soon .	do you feel that you are exceptionally good at anything in particular .
DAILYDZHAO-000567	your luggage is two pounds over . i ' m afraid they 'll be in excess luggage charge , sir .	how much must i pay ?	it ' s ten yuan .	here you are .	this is your luggage check which you must show when you disembark at your destination and here is your boarding pass and your ticket .	thanks .
DAILYDZHAO-000568	your luggage is two pounds over . i ' m afraid they 'll be in excess luggage charge , sir .	how much must i pay ?	it ' s ten yuan .	here you are .	this is your luggage check which you must show when you disembark at your destination and here is your boarding pass and your ticket .	thank you .
DAILYDZHAO-000569	your luggage is two pounds over . i ' m afraid they 'll be in excess luggage charge , sir .	how much must i pay ?	it ' s ten yuan .	here you are .	this is your luggage check which you must show when you disembark at your destination and here is your boarding pass and your ticket .	i am afraid i am not in a good position to board a plane . could you please take me to your seat , please ?
DAILYDZHAO-000570	your luggage is two pounds over . i ' m afraid they 'll be in excess luggage charge , sir .	how much must i pay ?	it ' s ten yuan .	here you are .	this is your luggage check which you must show when you disembark at your destination and here is your boarding pass and your ticket .	thank you .
DAILYDZHAO-000571	your luggage is two pounds over . i ' m afraid they 'll be in excess luggage charge , sir .	how much must i pay ?	it ' s ten yuan .	here you are .	this is your luggage check which you must show when you disembark at your destination and here is your boarding pass and your ticket .	thank you .
DAILYDZHAO-000572	your luggage is two pounds over . i ' m afraid they 'll be in excess luggage charge , sir .	how much must i pay ?	it ' s ten yuan .	here you are .	this is your luggage check which you must show when you disembark at your destination and here is your boarding pass and your ticket .	thank you .
DAILYDZHAO-000573	your luggage is two pounds over . i ' m afraid they 'll be in excess luggage charge , sir .	how much must i pay ?	it ' s ten yuan .	here you are .	this is your luggage check which you must show when you disembark at your destination and here is your boarding pass and your ticket .	thank you , sir . now where is it ?
DAILYDZHAO-000574	your luggage is two pounds over . i ' m afraid they 'll be in excess luggage charge , sir .	how much must i pay ?	it ' s ten yuan .	here you are .	this is your luggage check which you must show when you disembark at your destination and here is your boarding pass and your ticket .	thank you very much .
DAILYDZHAO-000575	your luggage is two pounds over . i ' m afraid they 'll be in excess luggage charge , sir .	how much must i pay ?	it ' s ten yuan .	here you are .	this is your luggage check which you must show when you disembark at your destination and here is your boarding pass and your ticket .	will i need stitches ?
DAILYDZHAO-000576	have you had a chance to look over the contract ?	yes . i ' ve read it carefully .	and do you have any questions ?	no . but the contract stipulates that i will teach 22 hours a week.will you have thatmany classes for me right away ?	no , probably not . for the first two weeks you may teach 10 or 15 hours .	but my salary will be 1100 dollars a month.will you pay me that much for the first month ? because , i mean , i wo n't be working so many hours .
DAILYDZHAO-000577	have you had a chance to look over the contract ?	yes . i ' ve read it carefully .	and do you have any questions ?	no . but the contract stipulates that i will teach 22 hours a week.will you have thatmany classes for me right away ?	no , probably not . for the first two weeks you may teach 10 or 15 hours .	i see .
DAILYDZHAO-000578	have you had a chance to look over the contract ?	yes . i ' ve read it carefully .	and do you have any questions ?	no . but the contract stipulates that i will teach 22 hours a week.will you have thatmany classes for me right away ?	no , probably not . for the first two weeks you may teach 10 or 15 hours .	that 's fine .
DAILYDZHAO-000579	have you had a chance to look over the contract ?	yes . i ' ve read it carefully .	and do you have any questions ?	no . but the contract stipulates that i will teach 22 hours a week.will you have thatmany classes for me right away ?	no , probably not . for the first two weeks you may teach 10 or 15 hours .	that 's a deal .
DAILYDZHAO-000580	have you had a chance to look over the contract ?	yes . i ' ve read it carefully .	and do you have any questions ?	no . but the contract stipulates that i will teach 22 hours a week.will you have thatmany classes for me right away ?	no , probably not . for the first two weeks you may teach 10 or 15 hours .	good . thank you .
DAILYDZHAO-000581	have you had a chance to look over the contract ?	yes . i ' ve read it carefully .	and do you have any questions ?	no . but the contract stipulates that i will teach 22 hours a week.will you have thatmany classes for me right away ?	no , probably not . for the first two weeks you may teach 10 or 15 hours .	that 's fine .
DAILYDZHAO-000582	have you had a chance to look over the contract ?	yes . i ' ve read it carefully .	and do you have any questions ?	no . but the contract stipulates that i will teach 22 hours a week.will you have thatmany classes for me right away ?	no , probably not . for the first two weeks you may teach 10 or 15 hours .	oh , i see . thank you .
DAILYDZHAO-000583	have you had a chance to look over the contract ?	yes . i ' ve read it carefully .	and do you have any questions ?	no . but the contract stipulates that i will teach 22 hours a week.will you have thatmany classes for me right away ?	no , probably not . for the first two weeks you may teach 10 or 15 hours .	i see .
DAILYDZHAO-000584	have you had a chance to look over the contract ?	yes . i ' ve read it carefully .	and do you have any questions ?	no . but the contract stipulates that i will teach 22 hours a week.will you have thatmany classes for me right away ?	no , probably not . for the first two weeks you may teach 10 or 15 hours .	i think that maybe i should accept their offer .
DAILYDZHAO-000585	from the looks of this house from the outside , i don ' t really think that i want to go inside .	from here , it does look like it could use a little work . let ' s see what the interior looks like .	i am not impressed by the interior of this house .
DAILYDZHAO-000586	from the looks of this house from the outside , i don ' t really think that i want to go inside .	from here , it does look like it could use a little work . let ' s see what the interior looks like .	i think we ' ll need to get a new carpet .
DAILYDZHAO-000587	from the looks of this house from the outside , i don ' t really think that i want to go inside .	from here , it does look like it could use a little work . let ' s see what the interior looks like .	what ' s the interior like ?
DAILYDZHAO-000588	from the looks of this house from the outside , i don ' t really think that i want to go inside .	from here , it does look like it could use a little work . let ' s see what the interior looks like .	i think we could probably get a nice big room with a nice view of the city .
DAILYDZHAO-000589	from the looks of this house from the outside , i don ' t really think that i want to go inside .	from here , it does look like it could use a little work . let ' s see what the interior looks like .	i think i can wash the clothes and clean . i think there are much things to operate in here about that with what i think .
DAILYDZHAO-000590	from the looks of this house from the outside , i don ' t really think that i want to go inside .	from here , it does look like it could use a little work . let ' s see what the interior looks like .	i think that ' s a good idea .
DAILYDZHAO-000591	from the looks of this house from the outside , i don ' t really think that i want to go inside .	from here , it does look like it could use a little work . let ' s see what the interior looks like .	i ' m glad you like it .
DAILYDZHAO-000592	from the looks of this house from the outside , i don ' t really think that i want to go inside .	from here , it does look like it could use a little work . let ' s see what the interior looks like .	i ' m sure you ' re right . i ' m looking forward to it .
DAILYDZHAO-000593	from the looks of this house from the outside , i don ' t really think that i want to go inside .	from here , it does look like it could use a little work . let ' s see what the interior looks like .	hello , may i make an appointment for sometime early this afternoon ?
DAILYDZHAO-000594	let me take care of the check today .	why ? it 's unfair . how about going dutch ?	you paid the last time , because i did n't have any money , remember ?	oh , come on , i almost forgot . do n't worry about it . i did n't mind picking up the tab last time .	but you really should let me treat one time , i feel like i own you one if i did n't .	ok , but it 's only for this time .
DAILYDZHAO-000595	let me take care of the check today .	why ? it 's unfair . how about going dutch ?	you paid the last time , because i did n't have any money , remember ?	oh , come on , i almost forgot . do n't worry about it . i did n't mind picking up the tab last time .	but you really should let me treat one time , i feel like i own you one if i did n't .	okay .
DAILYDZHAO-000596	let me take care of the check today .	why ? it 's unfair . how about going dutch ?	you paid the last time , because i did n't have any money , remember ?	oh , come on , i almost forgot . do n't worry about it . i did n't mind picking up the tab last time .	but you really should let me treat one time , i feel like i own you one if i did n't .	i know . i know . but i 'm going to have to give you a break .
DAILYDZHAO-000597	let me take care of the check today .	why ? it 's unfair . how about going dutch ?	you paid the last time , because i did n't have any money , remember ?	oh , come on , i almost forgot . do n't worry about it . i did n't mind picking up the tab last time .	but you really should let me treat one time , i feel like i own you one if i did n't .	okay , ok . just let me keep it to myself .
DAILYDZHAO-000598	let me take care of the check today .	why ? it 's unfair . how about going dutch ?	you paid the last time , because i did n't have any money , remember ?	oh , come on , i almost forgot . do n't worry about it . i did n't mind picking up the tab last time .	but you really should let me treat one time , i feel like i own you one if i did n't .	i know . i 'll try to get a new one .
DAILYDZHAO-000599	let me take care of the check today .	why ? it 's unfair . how about going dutch ?	you paid the last time , because i did n't have any money , remember ?	oh , come on , i almost forgot . do n't worry about it . i did n't mind picking up the tab last time .	but you really should let me treat one time , i feel like i own you one if i did n't .	there 's nothing serious . maybe next way , maybe we should make the summer pass back . maybe you ' ll be thinking of something thing .
DAILYDZHAO-000600	let me take care of the check today .	why ? it 's unfair . how about going dutch ?	you paid the last time , because i did n't have any money , remember ?	oh , come on , i almost forgot . do n't worry about it . i did n't mind picking up the tab last time .	but you really should let me treat one time , i feel like i own you one if i did n't .	i 'm sorry , but i ca n't . i 'm going to have to go to the gym .
DAILYDZHAO-000601	let me take care of the check today .	why ? it 's unfair . how about going dutch ?	you paid the last time , because i did n't have any money , remember ?	oh , come on , i almost forgot . do n't worry about it . i did n't mind picking up the tab last time .	but you really should let me treat one time , i feel like i own you one if i did n't .	that 's right . i have to leave a lot of money .
DAILYDZHAO-000602	let me take care of the check today .	why ? it 's unfair . how about going dutch ?	you paid the last time , because i did n't have any money , remember ?	oh , come on , i almost forgot . do n't worry about it . i did n't mind picking up the tab last time .	but you really should let me treat one time , i feel like i own you one if i did n't .	susan , good evening.why are you so dressed up ?
DAILYDZHAO-000603	wake up , it 's time for school .	i 'm so tired . let me sleep for five more minutes .
DAILYDZHAO-000604	wake up , it 's time for school .	what 's up ?
DAILYDZHAO-000605	wake up , it 's time for school .	what 's up ?
DAILYDZHAO-000606	wake up , it 's time for school .	no , it 's not .
DAILYDZHAO-000607	wake up , it 's time for school .	what 's up ?
DAILYDZHAO-000608	wake up , it 's time for school .	hey what what the heck ! when my father went no <unk> home , i just woke up .
DAILYDZHAO-000609	wake up , it 's time for school .	what 's the matter ?
DAILYDZHAO-000610	wake up , it 's time for school .	ok , do you have any breakfast ?
DAILYDZHAO-000611	wake up , it 's time for school .	do we have a 401k ?
DAILYDZHAO-000612	it was supposed to be here thirty minutes ago .	i think it 'll be here pretty soon .	i need to get to work , so it better .	i really do hate public transportation .	i agree , it 's just never on time .	that 's right .
DAILYDZHAO-000613	it was supposed to be here thirty minutes ago .	i think it 'll be here pretty soon .	i need to get to work , so it better .	i really do hate public transportation .	i agree , it 's just never on time .	i think i 'll take the subway .
DAILYDZHAO-000614	it was supposed to be here thirty minutes ago .	i think it 'll be here pretty soon .	i need to get to work , so it better .	i really do hate public transportation .	i agree , it 's just never on time .	i 'm sorry , but i do n't think it 's convenient .
DAILYDZHAO-000615	it was supposed to be here thirty minutes ago .	i think it 'll be here pretty soon .	i need to get to work , so it better .	i really do hate public transportation .	i agree , it 's just never on time .	you 're right .
DAILYDZHAO-000616	it was supposed to be here thirty minutes ago .	i think it 'll be here pretty soon .	i need to get to work , so it better .	i really do hate public transportation .	i agree , it 's just never on time .	i think i 'll get a better job .
DAILYDZHAO-000617	it was supposed to be here thirty minutes ago .	i think it 'll be here pretty soon .	i need to get to work , so it better .	i really do hate public transportation .	i agree , it 's just never on time .	why do n't you just go and see him tomorrow ?
DAILYDZHAO-000618	it was supposed to be here thirty minutes ago .	i think it 'll be here pretty soon .	i need to get to work , so it better .	i really do hate public transportation .	i agree , it 's just never on time .	i 'm sorry . i ca n't .
DAILYDZHAO-000619	it was supposed to be here thirty minutes ago .	i think it 'll be here pretty soon .	i need to get to work , so it better .	i really do hate public transportation .	i agree , it 's just never on time .	that 's why i 'm tired .
DAILYDZHAO-000620	it was supposed to be here thirty minutes ago .	i think it 'll be here pretty soon .	i need to get to work , so it better .	i really do hate public transportation .	i agree , it 's just never on time .	you 'll have to make an appointment .
DAILYDZHAO-000621	there ' s a problem with that .	what is the problem ?	i won ' t be able to give you back your deposit .	why not ?	this was stated in our agreement .	but i need it back .
DAILYDZHAO-000622	there ' s a problem with that .	what is the problem ?	i won ' t be able to give you back your deposit .	why not ?	this was stated in our agreement .	okay , we will cancel the agreement .
DAILYDZHAO-000623	there ' s a problem with that .	what is the problem ?	i won ' t be able to give you back your deposit .	why not ?	this was stated in our agreement .	i ' m sorry . i won ' t be able to give you back your deposit .
DAILYDZHAO-000624	there ' s a problem with that .	what is the problem ?	i won ' t be able to give you back your deposit .	why not ?	this was stated in our agreement .	when will we be able to give you back your deposit ?
DAILYDZHAO-000625	there ' s a problem with that .	what is the problem ?	i won ' t be able to give you back your deposit .	why not ?	this was stated in our agreement .	i see .
DAILYDZHAO-000626	there ' s a problem with that .	what is the problem ?	i won ' t be able to give you back your deposit .	why not ?	this was stated in our agreement .	yes , i have been to the <unk> for the last three years .
DAILYDZHAO-000627	there ' s a problem with that .	what is the problem ?	i won ' t be able to give you back your deposit .	why not ?	this was stated in our agreement .	ok . i ' ll have to have my check and check your name and phone number and i d card for my room number .
DAILYDZHAO-000628	there ' s a problem with that .	what is the problem ?	i won ' t be able to give you back your deposit .	why not ?	this was stated in our agreement .	i ' m sorry . i didn ' t . i ' m not sure i ' ll be able to find a job .
DAILYDZHAO-000629	there ' s a problem with that .	what is the problem ?	i won ' t be able to give you back your deposit .	why not ?	this was stated in our agreement .	that 's true . i guess it would be difficult to have people taking pictures of you everywhere you go .
DAILYDZHAO-000630	excuse me miss , my friend is sick .	is he ? yes . he looks pale , is there anything i can do for him ?	yes , please give him some water .
DAILYDZHAO-000631	excuse me miss , my friend is sick .	is he ? yes . he looks pale , is there anything i can do for him ?	yes , i 'll go and see him .
DAILYDZHAO-000632	excuse me miss , my friend is sick .	is he ? yes . he looks pale , is there anything i can do for him ?	i 'll call the hotel .
DAILYDZHAO-000633	excuse me miss , my friend is sick .	is he ? yes . he looks pale , is there anything i can do for him ?	he must be suffering from asthma .
DAILYDZHAO-000634	excuse me miss , my friend is sick .	is he ? yes . he looks pale , is there anything i can do for him ?	yes , i know . and i just need to talk to him after i got your flu .
DAILYDZHAO-000635	excuse me miss , my friend is sick .	is he ? yes . he looks pale , is there anything i can do for him ?	i 'm afraid not .
DAILYDZHAO-000636	excuse me miss , my friend is sick .	is he ? yes . he looks pale , is there anything i can do for him ?	yes , he is . he 's just going to give him a fever .
DAILYDZHAO-000637	excuse me miss , my friend is sick .	is he ? yes . he looks pale , is there anything i can do for him ?	yes , i am . i 'll have to see him .
DAILYDZHAO-000638	excuse me miss , my friend is sick .	is he ? yes . he looks pale , is there anything i can do for him ?	excuse me ! do you know of any hotel nearby ?
DAILYDZHAO-000639	like what , for instance ?	i enjoy rock and r b .	why is that ?	i like the different instruments that they use .	that 's a good reason to like something .	yeah , i think so too .
DAILYDZHAO-000640	like what , for instance ?	i enjoy rock and r b .	why is that ?	i like the different instruments that they use .	that 's a good reason to like something .	well , i 'm not sure i like the rhythms very much either . i usually like the songs ' piano solo ' .
DAILYDZHAO-000641	like what , for instance ?	i enjoy rock and r b .	why is that ?	i like the different instruments that they use .	that 's a good reason to like something .	and i like the way they sound .
DAILYDZHAO-000642	like what , for instance ?	i enjoy rock and r b .	why is that ?	i like the different instruments that they use .	that 's a good reason to like something .	well , i 'm not sure i like the rhythms very much .
DAILYDZHAO-000643	like what , for instance ?	i enjoy rock and r b .	why is that ?	i like the different instruments that they use .	that 's a good reason to like something .	what 's your favorite color ?
DAILYDZHAO-000644	like what , for instance ?	i enjoy rock and r b .	why is that ?	i like the different instruments that they use .	that 's a good reason to like something .	i 'm sorry . i ca n't help you .
DAILYDZHAO-000645	like what , for instance ?	i enjoy rock and r b .	why is that ?	i like the different instruments that they use .	that 's a good reason to like something .	all right , i 'll have four pages .
DAILYDZHAO-000646	like what , for instance ?	i enjoy rock and r b .	why is that ?	i like the different instruments that they use .	that 's a good reason to like something .	i 'm so sorry .
DAILYDZHAO-000647	like what , for instance ?	i enjoy rock and r b .	why is that ?	i like the different instruments that they use .	that 's a good reason to like something .	no , i probably need to do some more research .
DAILYDZHAO-000648	how many parking tickets have you gotten before ?	i ' ve gotten a few parking tickets before .	how many ?
DAILYDZHAO-000649	how many parking tickets have you gotten before ?	i ' ve gotten a few parking tickets before .	what 's the difference between a parking ticket and a parking meter ?
DAILYDZHAO-000650	how many parking tickets have you gotten before ?	i ' ve gotten a few parking tickets before .	when did you get them ?
DAILYDZHAO-000651	how many parking tickets have you gotten before ?	i ' ve gotten a few parking tickets before .	what about you ?
DAILYDZHAO-000652	how many parking tickets have you gotten before ?	i ' ve gotten a few parking tickets before .	let me get a peek and see what they have .
DAILYDZHAO-000653	how many parking tickets have you gotten before ?	i ' ve gotten a few parking tickets before .	what 's the problem ?
DAILYDZHAO-000654	how many parking tickets have you gotten before ?	i ' ve gotten a few parking tickets before .	ok , and we plan to go .
DAILYDZHAO-000655	how many parking tickets have you gotten before ?	i ' ve gotten a few parking tickets before .	did you have is printed on the first floor ?
DAILYDZHAO-000656	how many parking tickets have you gotten before ?	i ' ve gotten a few parking tickets before .	i do n't think i 'm going to get one .
DAILYDZHAO-000657	where did you want to go for lunch ?	i was thinking we should just go to the cafeteria .	i do n't think i ever got food from the cafeteria .	i actually like the food there .	does the cafeteria sell a lot of different food ?	they have anything you want .
DAILYDZHAO-000658	where did you want to go for lunch ?	i was thinking we should just go to the cafeteria .	i do n't think i ever got food from the cafeteria .	i actually like the food there .	does the cafeteria sell a lot of different food ?	no , i do n't think so .
DAILYDZHAO-000659	where did you want to go for lunch ?	i was thinking we should just go to the cafeteria .	i do n't think i ever got food from the cafeteria .	i actually like the food there .	does the cafeteria sell a lot of different food ?	yes , there are a lot of different things .
DAILYDZHAO-000660	where did you want to go for lunch ?	i was thinking we should just go to the cafeteria .	i do n't think i ever got food from the cafeteria .	i actually like the food there .	does the cafeteria sell a lot of different food ?	no , they only serve organic food .
DAILYDZHAO-000661	where did you want to go for lunch ?	i was thinking we should just go to the cafeteria .	i do n't think i ever got food from the cafeteria .	i actually like the food there .	does the cafeteria sell a lot of different food ?	no , i do n't . i ' ve eaten food food .
DAILYDZHAO-000662	where did you want to go for lunch ?	i was thinking we should just go to the cafeteria .	i do n't think i ever got food from the cafeteria .	i actually like the food there .	does the cafeteria sell a lot of different food ?	that would be my favorite , but i can recommend pizza food in cooking and i love tennis . the place should be delicious .
DAILYDZHAO-000663	where did you want to go for lunch ?	i was thinking we should just go to the cafeteria .	i do n't think i ever got food from the cafeteria .	i actually like the food there .	does the cafeteria sell a lot of different food ?	yes , there is a restaurant in the corner .
DAILYDZHAO-000664	where did you want to go for lunch ?	i was thinking we should just go to the cafeteria .	i do n't think i ever got food from the cafeteria .	i actually like the food there .	does the cafeteria sell a lot of different food ?	it 's on the list of the restaurant .
DAILYDZHAO-000665	where did you want to go for lunch ?	i was thinking we should just go to the cafeteria .	i do n't think i ever got food from the cafeteria .	i actually like the food there .	does the cafeteria sell a lot of different food ?	like what ?
DAILYDZHAO-000666	that 's what i 'm telling you .	what did i mess up on ?	you did mess up a little on one thing .	tell me .	you had a little trouble on your parallel parking .	that 's not easy for me .
DAILYDZHAO-000667	that 's what i 'm telling you .	what did i mess up on ?	you did mess up a little on one thing .	tell me .	you had a little trouble on your parallel parking .	oh , no . i forgot .
DAILYDZHAO-000668	that 's what i 'm telling you .	what did i mess up on ?	you did mess up a little on one thing .	tell me .	you had a little trouble on your parallel parking .	i did n't .
DAILYDZHAO-000669	that 's what i 'm telling you .	what did i mess up on ?	you did mess up a little on one thing .	tell me .	you had a little trouble on your parallel parking .	the parking structure is under construction .
DAILYDZHAO-000670	that 's what i 'm telling you .	what did i mess up on ?	you did mess up a little on one thing .	tell me .	you had a little trouble on your parallel parking .	i 'm sorry . i did n't know you were going to be a <unk> .
DAILYDZHAO-000671	that 's what i 'm telling you .	what did i mess up on ?	you did mess up a little on one thing .	tell me .	you had a little trouble on your parallel parking .	ok ! in that case , how long ca it take to get to shoes ?
DAILYDZHAO-000672	that 's what i 'm telling you .	what did i mess up on ?	you did mess up a little on one thing .	tell me .	you had a little trouble on your parallel parking .	ok ? my car 's crashed quite packed since it comes to the first strike .
DAILYDZHAO-000673	that 's what i 'm telling you .	what did i mess up on ?	you did mess up a little on one thing .	tell me .	you had a little trouble on your parallel parking .	no , i do n't . i just turned into the bus .
DAILYDZHAO-000674	that 's what i 'm telling you .	what did i mess up on ?	you did mess up a little on one thing .	tell me .	you had a little trouble on your parallel parking .	ok . here 's my passport .
DAILYDZHAO-000675	i need to get my high speed internet installed .	you 'll need to make an appointment .	could i do that right now , please ?
DAILYDZHAO-000676	i need to get my high speed internet installed .	you 'll need to make an appointment .	shall i make an appointment ?
DAILYDZHAO-000677	i need to get my high speed internet installed .	you 'll need to make an appointment .	how long will it take to get the connection up and running ?
DAILYDZHAO-000678	i need to get my high speed internet installed .	you 'll need to make an appointment .	the technician will show you the key , and then i 'll get ready .
DAILYDZHAO-000679	i need to get my high speed internet installed .	you 'll need to make an appointment .	do n't worry , it will be ready tomorrow morning .
DAILYDZHAO-000680	i need to get my high speed internet installed .	you 'll need to make an appointment .	i 'll be back in about half an hour .
DAILYDZHAO-000681	i need to get my high speed internet installed .	you 'll need to make an appointment .	i 'm afraid i ca n't .
DAILYDZHAO-000682	i need to get my high speed internet installed .	you 'll need to make an appointment .	it 'd be perfect .
DAILYDZHAO-000683	i need to get my high speed internet installed .	you 'll need to make an appointment .	hi , jack ! how are you doing ?
DAILYDZHAO-000684	good morning , miss .	good morning , sir .	could you tell me please where can i find a currents exchange ?	right here , how can i help you today , sir ?
DAILYDZHAO-000685	good morning , miss .	good morning , sir .	could you tell me please where can i find a currents exchange ?	yes , of course .
DAILYDZHAO-000686	good morning , miss .	good morning , sir .	could you tell me please where can i find a currents exchange ?	certainly . the nearest one is at the end of the street .
DAILYDZHAO-000687	good morning , miss .	good morning , sir .	could you tell me please where can i find a currents exchange ?	yes , of course .
DAILYDZHAO-000688	good morning , miss .	good morning , sir .	could you tell me please where can i find a currents exchange ?	there is a supermarket here at an <unk> station . it 's the nearest counter for an aisle seat .
DAILYDZHAO-000689	good morning , miss .	good morning , sir .	could you tell me please where can i find a currents exchange ?	the nearest one is at the bottom of the street .
DAILYDZHAO-000690	good morning , miss .	good morning , sir .	could you tell me please where can i find a currents exchange ?	sure . the post office is one of the other corner .
DAILYDZHAO-000691	good morning , miss .	good morning , sir .	could you tell me please where can i find a currents exchange ?	sure . the bank is <unk> .
DAILYDZHAO-000692	good morning , miss .	good morning , sir .	could you tell me please where can i find a currents exchange ?	i usually make a caesar salad .
DAILYDZHAO-000693	thank you , but i 'm nervous . i do n't know what to do.could you tell me what should i do before an interview ?	sure , you should prepare so that you can give proper response when you 're being interviewed .	yeah , besides my personal introduction , what else should i prepare ?	you should collect as much information about the company and the position you 're applying for as you can . it is important to show that you ' ve done some research into the company . the interviewers	then what should i do when i 'm being interviewed ?	smile at the interviewers and look them in their eyes while trying to persuade them to select you . try to act natural , let your personality , ability and interpersonal skills shine through the interview
DAILYDZHAO-000694	thank you , but i 'm nervous . i do n't know what to do.could you tell me what should i do before an interview ?	sure , you should prepare so that you can give proper response when you 're being interviewed .	yeah , besides my personal introduction , what else should i prepare ?	you should collect as much information about the company and the position you 're applying for as you can . it is important to show that you ' ve done some research into the company . the interviewers	then what should i do when i 'm being interviewed ?	follow your nose . do n't exaggerate your words or behavior and keep the conversation with an open mind .
DAILYDZHAO-000695	thank you , but i 'm nervous . i do n't know what to do.could you tell me what should i do before an interview ?	sure , you should prepare so that you can give proper response when you 're being interviewed .	yeah , besides my personal introduction , what else should i prepare ?	you should collect as much information about the company and the position you 're applying for as you can . it is important to show that you ' ve done some research into the company . the interviewers	then what should i do when i 'm being interviewed ?	you need to ask the employer about the employee 's background , qualifications and characteristics . then when you 're satisfied with their answer , you can give the employee a call .
DAILYDZHAO-000696	thank you , but i 'm nervous . i do n't know what to do.could you tell me what should i do before an interview ?	sure , you should prepare so that you can give proper response when you 're being interviewed .	yeah , besides my personal introduction , what else should i prepare ?	you should collect as much information about the company and the position you 're applying for as you can . it is important to show that you ' ve done some research into the company . the interviewers	then what should i do when i 'm being interviewed ?	you should keep in mind that the interviewer will ask you questions about your qualifications and experience .
DAILYDZHAO-000697	thank you , but i 'm nervous . i do n't know what to do.could you tell me what should i do before an interview ?	sure , you should prepare so that you can give proper response when you 're being interviewed .	yeah , besides my personal introduction , what else should i prepare ?	you should collect as much information about the company and the position you 're applying for as you can . it is important to show that you ' ve done some research into the company . the interviewers	then what should i do when i 'm being interviewed ?	you should ask the interviewer to ask you to ask the questions about the interview .
DAILYDZHAO-000698	thank you , but i 'm nervous . i do n't know what to do.could you tell me what should i do before an interview ?	sure , you should prepare so that you can give proper response when you 're being interviewed .	yeah , besides my personal introduction , what else should i prepare ?	you should collect as much information about the company and the position you 're applying for as you can . it is important to show that you ' ve done some research into the company . the interviewers	then what should i do when i 'm being interviewed ?	just another moment , giving me your number and effect address of the room .
DAILYDZHAO-000699	thank you , but i 'm nervous . i do n't know what to do.could you tell me what should i do before an interview ?	sure , you should prepare so that you can give proper response when you 're being interviewed .	yeah , besides my personal introduction , what else should i prepare ?	you should collect as much information about the company and the position you 're applying for as you can . it is important to show that you ' ve done some research into the company . the interviewers	then what should i do when i 'm being interviewed ?	you should be aware of yourself .
DAILYDZHAO-000700	thank you , but i 'm nervous . i do n't know what to do.could you tell me what should i do before an interview ?	sure , you should prepare so that you can give proper response when you 're being interviewed .	yeah , besides my personal introduction , what else should i prepare ?	you should collect as much information about the company and the position you 're applying for as you can . it is important to show that you ' ve done some research into the company . the interviewers	then what should i do when i 'm being interviewed ?	you should have to write your resume and contact your resume .
DAILYDZHAO-000701	thank you , but i 'm nervous . i do n't know what to do.could you tell me what should i do before an interview ?	sure , you should prepare so that you can give proper response when you 're being interviewed .	yeah , besides my personal introduction , what else should i prepare ?	you should collect as much information about the company and the position you 're applying for as you can . it is important to show that you ' ve done some research into the company . the interviewers	then what should i do when i 'm being interviewed ?	why do you say that ?
DAILYDZHAO-000702	no , i have n't . what about you ?	i got a ticket a couple of days ago .	what did you do ?	i got it for parking in the red zone .	why would you park in the red zone ?	i had to run in and get something quickly .
DAILYDZHAO-000703	no , i have n't . what about you ?	i got a ticket a couple of days ago .	what did you do ?	i got it for parking in the red zone .	why would you park in the red zone ?	because i have slammed into some people .
DAILYDZHAO-000704	no , i have n't . what about you ?	i got a ticket a couple of days ago .	what did you do ?	i got it for parking in the red zone .	why would you park in the red zone ?	i 'm not a bad guy .
DAILYDZHAO-000705	no , i have n't . what about you ?	i got a ticket a couple of days ago .	what did you do ?	i got it for parking in the red zone .	why would you park in the red zone ?	i 'm not sure . i think it 's too dangerous .
DAILYDZHAO-000706	no , i have n't . what about you ?	i got a ticket a couple of days ago .	what did you do ?	i got it for parking in the red zone .	why would you park in the red zone ?	i like to play public . the public schools and the park here are disaster .
DAILYDZHAO-000707	no , i have n't . what about you ?	i got a ticket a couple of days ago .	what did you do ?	i got it for parking in the red zone .	why would you park in the red zone ?	i do n't know . i do n't think i can park any more .
DAILYDZHAO-000708	no , i have n't . what about you ?	i got a ticket a couple of days ago .	what did you do ?	i got it for parking in the red zone .	why would you park in the red zone ?	i ' m not sure .
DAILYDZHAO-000709	no , i have n't . what about you ?	i got a ticket a couple of days ago .	what did you do ?	i got it for parking in the red zone .	why would you park in the red zone ?	i have n't heard of the national park .
DAILYDZHAO-000710	no , i have n't . what about you ?	i got a ticket a couple of days ago .	what did you do ?	i got it for parking in the red zone .	why would you park in the red zone ?	that would be me !
DAILYDZHAO-000711	i think it 's running late .	it should ' ve been here 30 minutes ago .	it should be coming soon .	it better , because i 'm already late for work .	i ca n't stand riding the bus .	me too , it 's so unreliable .
DAILYDZHAO-000712	i think it 's running late .	it should ' ve been here 30 minutes ago .	it should be coming soon .	it better , because i 'm already late for work .	i ca n't stand riding the bus .	cut out for the science fair !
DAILYDZHAO-000713	i think it 's running late .	it should ' ve been here 30 minutes ago .	it should be coming soon .	it better , because i 'm already late for work .	i ca n't stand riding the bus .	you 're not going to work today , are you ?
DAILYDZHAO-000714	i think it 's running late .	it should ' ve been here 30 minutes ago .	it should be coming soon .	it better , because i 'm already late for work .	i ca n't stand riding the bus .	but you know i have to go to a meeting tomorrow afternoon .
DAILYDZHAO-000715	i think it 's running late .	it should ' ve been here 30 minutes ago .	it should be coming soon .	it better , because i 'm already late for work .	i ca n't stand riding the bus .	i 'm sorry . i ca n't .
DAILYDZHAO-000716	i think it 's running late .	it should ' ve been here 30 minutes ago .	it should be coming soon .	it better , because i 'm already late for work .	i ca n't stand riding the bus .	i 'm sorry . i ca n't .
DAILYDZHAO-000717	i think it 's running late .	it should ' ve been here 30 minutes ago .	it should be coming soon .	it better , because i 'm already late for work .	i ca n't stand riding the bus .	shall i take a bus to get there ?
DAILYDZHAO-000718	i think it 's running late .	it should ' ve been here 30 minutes ago .	it should be coming soon .	it better , because i 'm already late for work .	i ca n't stand riding the bus .	every time you get to give me a few minutes to get off to sound , it takes a time to find the remote button .
DAILYDZHAO-000719	i think it 's running late .	it should ' ve been here 30 minutes ago .	it should be coming soon .	it better , because i 'm already late for work .	i ca n't stand riding the bus .	all right , see you .
DAILYDZHAO-000720	hello . i want to purchase an old music box .	we have a good variety . what decade would you like ?
DAILYDZHAO-000721	hello . i want to purchase an old music box .	what 's the difference between a box of 16 and a box of 16 ?
DAILYDZHAO-000722	hello . i want to purchase an old music box .	i 'm sorry , sir . we have n't sold enough sets .
DAILYDZHAO-000723	hello . i want to purchase an old music box .	i 'm sorry , but we do n't have any catalogues of music boxes .
DAILYDZHAO-000724	hello . i want to purchase an old music box .	do you have any identification ?
DAILYDZHAO-000725	hello . i want to purchase an old music box .	you can get a digital camera with a cd and a camera .
DAILYDZHAO-000726	hello . i want to purchase an old music box .	what kind of music do you like ?
DAILYDZHAO-000727	hello . i want to purchase an old music box .	have you made a particular size ?
DAILYDZHAO-000728	hello . i want to purchase an old music box .	how many of them were there ?
DAILYDZHAO-000729	i need to go to the bank .	but they are closed today .
DAILYDZHAO-000730	i need to go to the bank .	pass me your cell phone and i 'm going to pass you .
DAILYDZHAO-000731	i need to go to the bank .	what 's the problem ?
DAILYDZHAO-000732	i need to go to the bank .	okay . i 'll take you there .
DAILYDZHAO-000733	i need to go to the bank .	do you have a credit card ?
DAILYDZHAO-000734	i need to go to the bank .	have you found anything from the bank ?
DAILYDZHAO-000735	i need to go to the bank .	do you need to go to the bank ?
DAILYDZHAO-000736	i need to go to the bank .	no rush ! no problem .
DAILYDZHAO-000737	i need to go to the bank .	can you tell me which floor you are on ?
DAILYDZHAO-000738	a teriyaki bowl sounds nice .	i do n't know how to make that .	all you need to make it is white rice and some teriyaki beef .	that sounds fairly simple , but how do i cook it ?	the first and simplest thing you have to do is make some white rice .	what 's next ?
DAILYDZHAO-000739	a teriyaki bowl sounds nice .	i do n't know how to make that .	all you need to make it is white rice and some teriyaki beef .	that sounds fairly simple , but how do i cook it ?	the first and simplest thing you have to do is make some white rice .	what do i do with the rice ?
DAILYDZHAO-000740	a teriyaki bowl sounds nice .	i do n't know how to make that .	all you need to make it is white rice and some teriyaki beef .	that sounds fairly simple , but how do i cook it ?	the first and simplest thing you have to do is make some white rice .	i see .
DAILYDZHAO-000741	a teriyaki bowl sounds nice .	i do n't know how to make that .	all you need to make it is white rice and some teriyaki beef .	that sounds fairly simple , but how do i cook it ?	the first and simplest thing you have to do is make some white rice .	that sounds pretty solid ! how many bowls should i use ?
DAILYDZHAO-000742	a teriyaki bowl sounds nice .	i do n't know how to make that .	all you need to make it is white rice and some teriyaki beef .	that sounds fairly simple , but how do i cook it ?	the first and simplest thing you have to do is make some white rice .	should i use a same way ?
DAILYDZHAO-000743	a teriyaki bowl sounds nice .	i do n't know how to make that .	all you need to make it is white rice and some teriyaki beef .	that sounds fairly simple , but how do i cook it ?	the first and simplest thing you have to do is make some white rice .	well , i think i 'll try this one .
DAILYDZHAO-000744	a teriyaki bowl sounds nice .	i do n't know how to make that .	all you need to make it is white rice and some teriyaki beef .	that sounds fairly simple , but how do i cook it ?	the first and simplest thing you have to do is make some white rice .	that 's great .
DAILYDZHAO-000745	a teriyaki bowl sounds nice .	i do n't know how to make that .	all you need to make it is white rice and some teriyaki beef .	that sounds fairly simple , but how do i cook it ?	the first and simplest thing you have to do is make some white rice .	ok , i 'll try it .
DAILYDZHAO-000746	a teriyaki bowl sounds nice .	i do n't know how to make that .	all you need to make it is white rice and some teriyaki beef .	that sounds fairly simple , but how do i cook it ?	the first and simplest thing you have to do is make some white rice .	i appreciate you telling me .
DAILYDZHAO-000747	how may i help you today ?	i need to make some copies .	the copier is right over there .	does it cost to use it ?	we do charge to use the machine .	how much does it cost ?
DAILYDZHAO-000748	how may i help you today ?	i need to make some copies .	the copier is right over there .	does it cost to use it ?	we do charge to use the machine .	i see .
DAILYDZHAO-000749	how may i help you today ?	i need to make some copies .	the copier is right over there .	does it cost to use it ?	we do charge to use the machine .	i see . good . here is the money .
DAILYDZHAO-000750	how may i help you today ?	i need to make some copies .	the copier is right over there .	does it cost to use it ?	we do charge to use the machine .	i see .
DAILYDZHAO-000751	how may i help you today ?	i need to make some copies .	the copier is right over there .	does it cost to use it ?	we do charge to use the machine .	i see .
DAILYDZHAO-000752	how may i help you today ?	i need to make some copies .	the copier is right over there .	does it cost to use it ?	we do charge to use the machine .	ok . i ' ll take it .
DAILYDZHAO-000753	how may i help you today ?	i need to make some copies .	the copier is right over there .	does it cost to use it ?	we do charge to use the machine .	where do i take it ?
DAILYDZHAO-000754	how may i help you today ?	i need to make some copies .	the copier is right over there .	does it cost to use it ?	we do charge to use the machine .	i think i 'll have to go to the library .
DAILYDZHAO-000755	how may i help you today ?	i need to make some copies .	the copier is right over there .	does it cost to use it ?	we do charge to use the machine .	math , sheath . what ' s the evidence ?
DAILYDZHAO-000756	because the board said 60 pesos for every taiwan dollar .	sixty ? that 's too much . how can that be ?	i thought it was wrong too . it did n't make sense .	just two days ago it was 35 . how can it be 60 ?	so , i went up to the teller and started to exchange the money . and it 's true.they really gave me sixty pesos for the dollar .	that 's amazing ! really ? how could it change so much in two days ?
DAILYDZHAO-000757	because the board said 60 pesos for every taiwan dollar .	sixty ? that 's too much . how can that be ?	i thought it was wrong too . it did n't make sense .	just two days ago it was 35 . how can it be 60 ?	so , i went up to the teller and started to exchange the money . and it 's true.they really gave me sixty pesos for the dollar .	i see . money isn ' t coming out .
DAILYDZHAO-000758	because the board said 60 pesos for every taiwan dollar .	sixty ? that 's too much . how can that be ?	i thought it was wrong too . it did n't make sense .	just two days ago it was 35 . how can it be 60 ?	so , i went up to the teller and started to exchange the money . and it 's true.they really gave me sixty pesos for the dollar .	that might not be an extravagant amount in all circumstances , but you should get fooled so that it 's correct .
DAILYDZHAO-000759	because the board said 60 pesos for every taiwan dollar .	sixty ? that 's too much . how can that be ?	i thought it was wrong too . it did n't make sense .	just two days ago it was 35 . how can it be 60 ?	so , i went up to the teller and started to exchange the money . and it 's true.they really gave me sixty pesos for the dollar .	that 's a lot of money.that ' s the biggest mistake i ' ve made in my life .
DAILYDZHAO-000760	because the board said 60 pesos for every taiwan dollar .	sixty ? that 's too much . how can that be ?	i thought it was wrong too . it did n't make sense .	just two days ago it was 35 . how can it be 60 ?	so , i went up to the teller and started to exchange the money . and it 's true.they really gave me sixty pesos for the dollar .	fantastic ! i guess you guys might be all right .
DAILYDZHAO-000761	because the board said 60 pesos for every taiwan dollar .	sixty ? that 's too much . how can that be ?	i thought it was wrong too . it did n't make sense .	just two days ago it was 35 . how can it be 60 ?	so , i went up to the teller and started to exchange the money . and it 's true.they really gave me sixty pesos for the dollar .	that 's terrible .
DAILYDZHAO-000762	because the board said 60 pesos for every taiwan dollar .	sixty ? that 's too much . how can that be ?	i thought it was wrong too . it did n't make sense .	just two days ago it was 35 . how can it be 60 ?	so , i went up to the teller and started to exchange the money . and it 's true.they really gave me sixty pesos for the dollar .	sixty bucks ? no a sentence four ?
DAILYDZHAO-000763	because the board said 60 pesos for every taiwan dollar .	sixty ? that 's too much . how can that be ?	i thought it was wrong too . it did n't make sense .	just two days ago it was 35 . how can it be 60 ?	so , i went up to the teller and started to exchange the money . and it 's true.they really gave me sixty pesos for the dollar .	mmmm ... that does n't hurt ! i just thought that the president would replace the pennies someday . what did you have ?
DAILYDZHAO-000764	because the board said 60 pesos for every taiwan dollar .	sixty ? that 's too much . how can that be ?	i thought it was wrong too . it did n't make sense .	just two days ago it was 35 . how can it be 60 ?	so , i went up to the teller and started to exchange the money . and it 's true.they really gave me sixty pesos for the dollar .	well , they are pretty new . i just did n't feel that they were ready to open yet .
DAILYDZHAO-000765	were you able to attend friday night 's basketball game ?	i was unable to make it .	you should have been there . it was intense .	is that right . who ended up winning ?	our team was victorious .	i wish i was free that night . i 'm kind of mad that i did n't go .
DAILYDZHAO-000766	were you able to attend friday night 's basketball game ?	i was unable to make it .	you should have been there . it was intense .	is that right . who ended up winning ?	our team was victorious .	what was the score ?
DAILYDZHAO-000767	were you able to attend friday night 's basketball game ?	i was unable to make it .	you should have been there . it was intense .	is that right . who ended up winning ?	our team was victorious .	i 'm so happy that we 're able to get together again .
DAILYDZHAO-000768	were you able to attend friday night 's basketball game ?	i was unable to make it .	you should have been there . it was intense .	is that right . who ended up winning ?	our team was victorious .	what 's your opinion on the game ?
DAILYDZHAO-000769	were you able to attend friday night 's basketball game ?	i was unable to make it .	you should have been there . it was intense .	is that right . who ended up winning ?	our team was victorious .	i was so surprised .
DAILYDZHAO-000770	were you able to attend friday night 's basketball game ?	i was unable to make it .	you should have been there . it was intense .	is that right . who ended up winning ?	our team was victorious .	i ' m so happy .
DAILYDZHAO-000771	were you able to attend friday night 's basketball game ?	i was unable to make it .	you should have been there . it was intense .	is that right . who ended up winning ?	our team was victorious .	i ' m not sure .
DAILYDZHAO-000772	were you able to attend friday night 's basketball game ?	i was unable to make it .	you should have been there . it was intense .	is that right . who ended up winning ?	our team was victorious .	what else is the score ?
DAILYDZHAO-000773	were you able to attend friday night 's basketball game ?	i was unable to make it .	you should have been there . it was intense .	is that right . who ended up winning ?	our team was victorious .	it 's also horrible having to be at a bus stop in any kind of weather .
DAILYDZHAO-000774	i wonder who that man is .	which man ?	the one smoking a cigar .	oh , he 's the coach of the football team .
DAILYDZHAO-000775	i wonder who that man is .	which man ?	the one smoking a cigar .	oh , he 's a guy in a mask .
DAILYDZHAO-000776	i wonder who that man is .	which man ?	the one smoking a cigar .	what a windy guy !
DAILYDZHAO-000777	i wonder who that man is .	which man ?	the one smoking a cigar .	who is that man ?
DAILYDZHAO-000778	i wonder who that man is .	which man ?	the one smoking a cigar .	what ?
DAILYDZHAO-000779	i wonder who that man is .	which man ?	the one smoking a cigar .	have you tasted any good in mind ?
DAILYDZHAO-000780	i wonder who that man is .	which man ?	the one smoking a cigar .	yes , sir .
DAILYDZHAO-000781	i wonder who that man is .	which man ?	the one smoking a cigar .	what ?
DAILYDZHAO-000782	i wonder who that man is .	which man ?	the one smoking a cigar .	absolutely . it is said that they serve 3 , 000 ducks every day .
DAILYDZHAO-000783	you are not being a good sport about this .	that 's because you cheated .	i never cheat .	yes , you do .
DAILYDZHAO-000784	you are not being a good sport about this .	that 's because you cheated .	i never cheat .	you know , i am not surprised .
DAILYDZHAO-000785	you are not being a good sport about this .	that 's because you cheated .	i never cheat .	forgive me .
DAILYDZHAO-000786	you are not being a good sport about this .	that 's because you cheated .	i never cheat .	be humble .
DAILYDZHAO-000787	you are not being a good sport about this .	that 's because you cheated .	i never cheat .	you did . ! he was very kind , too .
DAILYDZHAO-000788	you are not being a good sport about this .	that 's because you cheated .	i never cheat .	you are right .
DAILYDZHAO-000789	you are not being a good sport about this .	that 's because you cheated .	i never cheat .	you 're a smart boy .
DAILYDZHAO-000790	you are not being a good sport about this .	that 's because you cheated .	i never cheat .	i know . but it 's not a bad opinion .
DAILYDZHAO-000791	you are not being a good sport about this .	that 's because you cheated .	i never cheat .	since there are four of you , would you like to split a second dessert ?
DAILYDZHAO-000792	is n't that the chick flick with kate hudson and owen wilson ?	yeah , i suppose you would n't want to see that , huh ?	not really . do you like biographical drama films ?	it depends on who the film is about . which movie did you have in mind ?	anne hathaway is in a new movie called becoming jane which is based on a true story about jane austen .	that sounds fantastic ! what time is it playing ?
DAILYDZHAO-000793	is n't that the chick flick with kate hudson and owen wilson ?	yeah , i suppose you would n't want to see that , huh ?	not really . do you like biographical drama films ?	it depends on who the film is about . which movie did you have in mind ?	anne hathaway is in a new movie called becoming jane which is based on a true story about jane austen .	hey , it 's over a decade old ! that must have been didn ' t it ?
DAILYDZHAO-000794	is n't that the chick flick with kate hudson and owen wilson ?	yeah , i suppose you would n't want to see that , huh ?	not really . do you like biographical drama films ?	it depends on who the film is about . which movie did you have in mind ?	anne hathaway is in a new movie called becoming jane which is based on a true story about jane austen .	what 's the plot ?
DAILYDZHAO-000795	is n't that the chick flick with kate hudson and owen wilson ?	yeah , i suppose you would n't want to see that , huh ?	not really . do you like biographical drama films ?	it depends on who the film is about . which movie did you have in mind ?	anne hathaway is in a new movie called becoming jane which is based on a true story about jane austen .	an austen movie ? what 's it about ?
DAILYDZHAO-000796	is n't that the chick flick with kate hudson and owen wilson ?	yeah , i suppose you would n't want to see that , huh ?	not really . do you like biographical drama films ?	it depends on who the film is about . which movie did you have in mind ?	anne hathaway is in a new movie called becoming jane which is based on a true story about jane austen .	i see .
DAILYDZHAO-000797	is n't that the chick flick with kate hudson and owen wilson ?	yeah , i suppose you would n't want to see that , huh ?	not really . do you like biographical drama films ?	it depends on who the film is about . which movie did you have in mind ?	anne hathaway is in a new movie called becoming jane which is based on a true story about jane austen .	of course . what do you think today 's do for a birthday ?
DAILYDZHAO-000798	is n't that the chick flick with kate hudson and owen wilson ?	yeah , i suppose you would n't want to see that , huh ?	not really . do you like biographical drama films ?	it depends on who the film is about . which movie did you have in mind ?	anne hathaway is in a new movie called becoming jane which is based on a true story about jane austen .	i 'm sorry , but i ' ve never seen such a movie .
DAILYDZHAO-000799	is n't that the chick flick with kate hudson and owen wilson ?	yeah , i suppose you would n't want to see that , huh ?	not really . do you like biographical drama films ?	it depends on who the film is about . which movie did you have in mind ?	anne hathaway is in a new movie called becoming jane which is based on a true story about jane austen .	i see .
DAILYDZHAO-000800	is n't that the chick flick with kate hudson and owen wilson ?	yeah , i suppose you would n't want to see that , huh ?	not really . do you like biographical drama films ?	it depends on who the film is about . which movie did you have in mind ?	anne hathaway is in a new movie called becoming jane which is based on a true story about jane austen .	del is n't connected through your phone line , but dial up is .
DAILYDZHAO-000801	how 's it going ?	i 'm doing well . how about you ?	never better , thanks .	so how have you been lately ?
DAILYDZHAO-000802	how 's it going ?	i 'm doing well . how about you ?	never better , thanks .	you 're welcome .
DAILYDZHAO-000803	how 's it going ?	i 'm doing well . how about you ?	never better , thanks .	have you been drinking beer ?
DAILYDZHAO-000804	how 's it going ?	i 'm doing well . how about you ?	never better , thanks .	what 's the matter ?
DAILYDZHAO-000805	how 's it going ?	i 'm doing well . how about you ?	never better , thanks .	what 's the matter ?
DAILYDZHAO-000806	how 's it going ?	i 'm doing well . how about you ?	never better , thanks .	i understand that you <unk> your receipt out if you were here and before . you can .
DAILYDZHAO-000807	how 's it going ?	i 'm doing well . how about you ?	never better , thanks .	i hope you will like it .
DAILYDZHAO-000808	how 's it going ?	i 'm doing well . how about you ?	never better , thanks .	i thought you were <unk> in your roommate for a while . but my wife says to , you promised to help me , and you can pass it .
DAILYDZHAO-000809	how 's it going ?	i 'm doing well . how about you ?	never better , thanks .	well , how tall is she ?
DAILYDZHAO-000810	where do we get off the bus ?	right behind macy 's is a bus stop .	the stop is really at the mall ?	it 's in the middle of the parking lot .	that 's perfect .	i know it is .
DAILYDZHAO-000811	where do we get off the bus ?	right behind macy 's is a bus stop .	the stop is really at the mall ?	it 's in the middle of the parking lot .	that 's perfect .	i 'll take the bus .
DAILYDZHAO-000812	where do we get off the bus ?	right behind macy 's is a bus stop .	the stop is really at the mall ?	it 's in the middle of the parking lot .	that 's perfect .	we 'll have to go there and show them , they ' ve sold out of new scooters .
DAILYDZHAO-000813	where do we get off the bus ?	right behind macy 's is a bus stop .	the stop is really at the mall ?	it 's in the middle of the parking lot .	that 's perfect .	and then we 'll go to the next stop .
DAILYDZHAO-000814	where do we get off the bus ?	right behind macy 's is a bus stop .	the stop is really at the mall ?	it 's in the middle of the parking lot .	that 's perfect .	let 's go .
DAILYDZHAO-000815	where do we get off the bus ?	right behind macy 's is a bus stop .	the stop is really at the mall ?	it 's in the middle of the parking lot .	that 's perfect .	i think you should have a try .
DAILYDZHAO-000816	where do we get off the bus ?	right behind macy 's is a bus stop .	the stop is really at the mall ?	it 's in the middle of the parking lot .	that 's perfect .	do you have any other questions ?
DAILYDZHAO-000817	where do we get off the bus ?	right behind macy 's is a bus stop .	the stop is really at the mall ?	it 's in the middle of the parking lot .	that 's perfect .	but some people are in our desk .
DAILYDZHAO-000818	where do we get off the bus ?	right behind macy 's is a bus stop .	the stop is really at the mall ?	it 's in the middle of the parking lot .	that 's perfect .	it 's a forty five minute to an hour ride .
DAILYDZHAO-000819	did your meal meet with your approval ?	our meal was absolutely perfect !
DAILYDZHAO-000820	did your meal meet with your approval ?	yes , it did .
DAILYDZHAO-000821	did your meal meet with your approval ?	yes , i did . i had a great time .
DAILYDZHAO-000822	did your meal meet with your approval ?	yes , i did . it was a good meal .
DAILYDZHAO-000823	did your meal meet with your approval ?	yes , i did . i ' ve had a <unk> .
DAILYDZHAO-000824	did your meal meet with your approval ?	yes , i did .
DAILYDZHAO-000825	did your meal meet with your approval ?	yes , we did . that was for an important period of previous <unk> .
DAILYDZHAO-000826	did your meal meet with your approval ?	yes , we did . that was my best way to get everything .
DAILYDZHAO-000827	did your meal meet with your approval ?	hi , what can i get for you ?
DAILYDZHAO-000828	hello , mrs.white ! i 'm anne .	nice to see you with us , anne.please make yourself at home .	thank you.you ' re so considerate .
DAILYDZHAO-000829	hello , mrs.white ! i 'm anne .	nice to see you with us , anne.please make yourself at home .	thank you , mrs white .
DAILYDZHAO-000830	hello , mrs.white ! i 'm anne .	nice to see you with us , anne.please make yourself at home .	thank you .
DAILYDZHAO-000831	hello , mrs.white ! i 'm anne .	nice to see you with us , anne.please make yourself at home .	do you have the phone number for me ?
DAILYDZHAO-000832	hello , mrs.white ! i 'm anne .	nice to see you with us , anne.please make yourself at home .	m very good , kids .
DAILYDZHAO-000833	hello , mrs.white ! i 'm anne .	nice to see you with us , anne.please make yourself at home .	thank you .
DAILYDZHAO-000834	hello , mrs.white ! i 'm anne .	nice to see you with us , anne.please make yourself at home .	thank you .
DAILYDZHAO-000835	hello , mrs.white ! i 'm anne .	nice to see you with us , anne.please make yourself at home .	thanks a lot . see you in . thank you .
DAILYDZHAO-000836	hello , mrs.white ! i 'm anne .	nice to see you with us , anne.please make yourself at home .	the pharmacy will give you a discount since you came to the clinic .
DAILYDZHAO-000837	i 'm planning to return to china after graduation .	why are you choosing to leave a foreign country ? many people are reluctant to leave the superior living environment abroad .	well , i think personal development is much more important than simply having a superior living environment .	yeah , china 's developing so fast and development opportunities can be found almost in every corner of the country .	absolutely , many chinese enterprises are going global , and they are in great need of excellent returnees to help them with their overseas business .	the rapidly expanding economy has encouraged many students to pack their bags amd head for home .
DAILYDZHAO-000838	i 'm planning to return to china after graduation .	why are you choosing to leave a foreign country ? many people are reluctant to leave the superior living environment abroad .	well , i think personal development is much more important than simply having a superior living environment .	yeah , china 's developing so fast and development opportunities can be found almost in every corner of the country .	absolutely , many chinese enterprises are going global , and they are in great need of excellent returnees to help them with their overseas business .	the business environment in china is becoming more and more competitive .
DAILYDZHAO-000839	i 'm planning to return to china after graduation .	why are you choosing to leave a foreign country ? many people are reluctant to leave the superior living environment abroad .	well , i think personal development is much more important than simply having a superior living environment .	yeah , china 's developing so fast and development opportunities can be found almost in every corner of the country .	absolutely , many chinese enterprises are going global , and they are in great need of excellent returnees to help them with their overseas business .	that 's true even for industries that are jobless overseas . is it possible to find a foreign company that is really competitive in china ?
DAILYDZHAO-000840	i 'm planning to return to china after graduation .	why are you choosing to leave a foreign country ? many people are reluctant to leave the superior living environment abroad .	well , i think personal development is much more important than simply having a superior living environment .	yeah , china 's developing so fast and development opportunities can be found almost in every corner of the country .	absolutely , many chinese enterprises are going global , and they are in great need of excellent returnees to help them with their overseas business .	how do you plan to keep doing business in china ?
DAILYDZHAO-000841	i 'm planning to return to china after graduation .	why are you choosing to leave a foreign country ? many people are reluctant to leave the superior living environment abroad .	well , i think personal development is much more important than simply having a superior living environment .	yeah , china 's developing so fast and development opportunities can be found almost in every corner of the country .	absolutely , many chinese enterprises are going global , and they are in great need of excellent returnees to help them with their overseas business .	you are right .
DAILYDZHAO-000842	i 'm planning to return to china after graduation .	why are you choosing to leave a foreign country ? many people are reluctant to leave the superior living environment abroad .	well , i think personal development is much more important than simply having a superior living environment .	yeah , china 's developing so fast and development opportunities can be found almost in every corner of the country .	absolutely , many chinese enterprises are going global , and they are in great need of excellent returnees to help them with their overseas business .	i see .
DAILYDZHAO-000843	i 'm planning to return to china after graduation .	why are you choosing to leave a foreign country ? many people are reluctant to leave the superior living environment abroad .	well , i think personal development is much more important than simply having a superior living environment .	yeah , china 's developing so fast and development opportunities can be found almost in every corner of the country .	absolutely , many chinese enterprises are going global , and they are in great need of excellent returnees to help them with their overseas business .	the company has great business and solutions .
DAILYDZHAO-000844	i 'm planning to return to china after graduation .	why are you choosing to leave a foreign country ? many people are reluctant to leave the superior living environment abroad .	well , i think personal development is much more important than simply having a superior living environment .	yeah , china 's developing so fast and development opportunities can be found almost in every corner of the country .	absolutely , many chinese enterprises are going global , and they are in great need of excellent returnees to help them with their overseas business .	that 's true . i am interested in it .
DAILYDZHAO-000845	i 'm planning to return to china after graduation .	why are you choosing to leave a foreign country ? many people are reluctant to leave the superior living environment abroad .	well , i think personal development is much more important than simply having a superior living environment .	yeah , china 's developing so fast and development opportunities can be found almost in every corner of the country .	absolutely , many chinese enterprises are going global , and they are in great need of excellent returnees to help them with their overseas business .	no , thanks . i ' ve really got to go now .
DAILYDZHAO-000846	hello , may i speak with the property manager , please ?	hello , this is the property manager . how may i help you ?	during that horrible rainstorm last night , my roof began to leak .	what room was the leak in ?
DAILYDZHAO-000847	hello , may i speak with the property manager , please ?	hello , this is the property manager . how may i help you ?	during that horrible rainstorm last night , my roof began to leak .	is it serious ?
DAILYDZHAO-000848	hello , may i speak with the property manager , please ?	hello , this is the property manager . how may i help you ?	during that horrible rainstorm last night , my roof began to leak .	oh , i see . i 'm sorry to hear that .
DAILYDZHAO-000849	hello , may i speak with the property manager , please ?	hello , this is the property manager . how may i help you ?	during that horrible rainstorm last night , my roof began to leak .	really ? what happened to your roof ? did snow come down the bottom of the mountain ?
DAILYDZHAO-000850	hello , may i speak with the property manager , please ?	hello , this is the property manager . how may i help you ?	during that horrible rainstorm last night , my roof began to leak .	what is the problem ?
DAILYDZHAO-000851	hello , may i speak with the property manager , please ?	hello , this is the property manager . how may i help you ?	during that horrible rainstorm last night , my roof began to leak .	i see . i think we should have caught in the rain .
DAILYDZHAO-000852	hello , may i speak with the property manager , please ?	hello , this is the property manager . how may i help you ?	during that horrible rainstorm last night , my roof began to leak .	did you have any problems ?
DAILYDZHAO-000853	hello , may i speak with the property manager , please ?	hello , this is the property manager . how may i help you ?	during that horrible rainstorm last night , my roof began to leak .	that 's a good idea .
DAILYDZHAO-000854	hello , may i speak with the property manager , please ?	hello , this is the property manager . how may i help you ?	during that horrible rainstorm last night , my roof began to leak .	what do n't you like about it ?
DAILYDZHAO-000855	the air quality in this city is horrendous ! the pollution levels were so high that we were n't supposed to go outside with a face mask again !	exhaust fumes from vehicles cause a great deal of damage to the environment .	on top of that , there are a few large chemical factories in the suburbs , which are contributing to the high pollution levels in the water and the air in this city .	as much as i love this city , i think i 'm going to have to find a greener city to live in . living in a polluted city like this just ca n't be good for	i know what you mean . however , there are so few places left that have not been affected by global warming . if it 's not the pollution , then it 's the natural disasters , deforestation
DAILYDZHAO-000856	the air quality in this city is horrendous ! the pollution levels were so high that we were n't supposed to go outside with a face mask again !	exhaust fumes from vehicles cause a great deal of damage to the environment .	on top of that , there are a few large chemical factories in the suburbs , which are contributing to the high pollution levels in the water and the air in this city .	as much as i love this city , i think i 'm going to have to find a greener city to live in . living in a polluted city like this just ca n't be good for	i agree . i think we should do something about it .
DAILYDZHAO-000857	the air quality in this city is horrendous ! the pollution levels were so high that we were n't supposed to go outside with a face mask again !	exhaust fumes from vehicles cause a great deal of damage to the environment .	on top of that , there are a few large chemical factories in the suburbs , which are contributing to the high pollution levels in the water and the air in this city .	as much as i love this city , i think i 'm going to have to find a greener city to live in . living in a polluted city like this just ca n't be good for	but what if i died in the city ? i would have to work as a homeless person with no compensation for my lost work !
DAILYDZHAO-000858	the air quality in this city is horrendous ! the pollution levels were so high that we were n't supposed to go outside with a face mask again !	exhaust fumes from vehicles cause a great deal of damage to the environment .	on top of that , there are a few large chemical factories in the suburbs , which are contributing to the high pollution levels in the water and the air in this city .	as much as i love this city , i think i 'm going to have to find a greener city to live in . living in a polluted city like this just ca n't be good for	you 're right . i ' ve heard a lot about this city in a book called
DAILYDZHAO-000859	the air quality in this city is horrendous ! the pollution levels were so high that we were n't supposed to go outside with a face mask again !	exhaust fumes from vehicles cause a great deal of damage to the environment .	on top of that , there are a few large chemical factories in the suburbs , which are contributing to the high pollution levels in the water and the air in this city .	as much as i love this city , i think i 'm going to have to find a greener city to live in . living in a polluted city like this just ca n't be good for	i think you 're right . but the climate is not very good , but it 's not as bad as the city is the city .
DAILYDZHAO-000860	the air quality in this city is horrendous ! the pollution levels were so high that we were n't supposed to go outside with a face mask again !	exhaust fumes from vehicles cause a great deal of damage to the environment .	on top of that , there are a few large chemical factories in the suburbs , which are contributing to the high pollution levels in the water and the air in this city .	as much as i love this city , i think i 'm going to have to find a greener city to live in . living in a polluted city like this just ca n't be good for	<unk> believe partial fumes are truly needed .
DAILYDZHAO-000861	the air quality in this city is horrendous ! the pollution levels were so high that we were n't supposed to go outside with a face mask again !	exhaust fumes from vehicles cause a great deal of damage to the environment .	on top of that , there are a few large chemical factories in the suburbs , which are contributing to the high pollution levels in the water and the air in this city .	as much as i love this city , i think i 'm going to have to find a greener city to live in . living in a polluted city like this just ca n't be good for	i think you should consider a good exercise .
DAILYDZHAO-000862	the air quality in this city is horrendous ! the pollution levels were so high that we were n't supposed to go outside with a face mask again !	exhaust fumes from vehicles cause a great deal of damage to the environment .	on top of that , there are a few large chemical factories in the suburbs , which are contributing to the high pollution levels in the water and the air in this city .	as much as i love this city , i think i 'm going to have to find a greener city to live in . living in a polluted city like this just ca n't be good for	i see . but i am not sure if it 's possible to stop smoking .
DAILYDZHAO-000863	the air quality in this city is horrendous ! the pollution levels were so high that we were n't supposed to go outside with a face mask again !	exhaust fumes from vehicles cause a great deal of damage to the environment .	on top of that , there are a few large chemical factories in the suburbs , which are contributing to the high pollution levels in the water and the air in this city .	as much as i love this city , i think i 'm going to have to find a greener city to live in . living in a polluted city like this just ca n't be good for	what fees are you referring to ?
DAILYDZHAO-000864	i agree . they 're very lovely , especially huan huan .	is that the red one ? that is my favorite , too . do you know how much they are ?	the five dolls are sold together as a set , and they 're priced according to the size . the bigger they are the more expensive .	oh , i see . if i buy more than a set , can i get any discount ?	i do n't think so . all the souvenirs of the olympic games are very hot right now .	any other ideas ?
DAILYDZHAO-000865	i agree . they 're very lovely , especially huan huan .	is that the red one ? that is my favorite , too . do you know how much they are ?	the five dolls are sold together as a set , and they 're priced according to the size . the bigger they are the more expensive .	oh , i see . if i buy more than a set , can i get any discount ?	i do n't think so . all the souvenirs of the olympic games are very hot right now .	i see . i 'll take one set .
DAILYDZHAO-000866	i agree . they 're very lovely , especially huan huan .	is that the red one ? that is my favorite , too . do you know how much they are ?	the five dolls are sold together as a set , and they 're priced according to the size . the bigger they are the more expensive .	oh , i see . if i buy more than a set , can i get any discount ?	i do n't think so . all the souvenirs of the olympic games are very hot right now .	all right . then i think i 'm ready .
DAILYDZHAO-000867	i agree . they 're very lovely , especially huan huan .	is that the red one ? that is my favorite , too . do you know how much they are ?	the five dolls are sold together as a set , and they 're priced according to the size . the bigger they are the more expensive .	oh , i see . if i buy more than a set , can i get any discount ?	i do n't think so . all the souvenirs of the olympic games are very hot right now .	i think so . let 's go to the theater and buy some popcorn .
DAILYDZHAO-000868	i agree . they 're very lovely , especially huan huan .	is that the red one ? that is my favorite , too . do you know how much they are ?	the five dolls are sold together as a set , and they 're priced according to the size . the bigger they are the more expensive .	oh , i see . if i buy more than a set , can i get any discount ?	i do n't think so . all the souvenirs of the olympic games are very hot right now .	i see . well , i guess i can get them for you .
DAILYDZHAO-000869	i agree . they 're very lovely , especially huan huan .	is that the red one ? that is my favorite , too . do you know how much they are ?	the five dolls are sold together as a set , and they 're priced according to the size . the bigger they are the more expensive .	oh , i see . if i buy more than a set , can i get any discount ?	i do n't think so . all the souvenirs of the olympic games are very hot right now .	do n't be silly . all these boys are unforgettable for fun . almost dinner come up . do you see the locker on the same counter ?
DAILYDZHAO-000870	i agree . they 're very lovely , especially huan huan .	is that the red one ? that is my favorite , too . do you know how much they are ?	the five dolls are sold together as a set , and they 're priced according to the size . the bigger they are the more expensive .	oh , i see . if i buy more than a set , can i get any discount ?	i do n't think so . all the souvenirs of the olympic games are very hot right now .	i see . so , what are you going to do ?
DAILYDZHAO-000871	i agree . they 're very lovely , especially huan huan .	is that the red one ? that is my favorite , too . do you know how much they are ?	the five dolls are sold together as a set , and they 're priced according to the size . the bigger they are the more expensive .	oh , i see . if i buy more than a set , can i get any discount ?	i do n't think so . all the souvenirs of the olympic games are very hot right now .	that 's too sweet . so they spend a discount at four ? maybe if we take the payment i go , maybe if you can exchange it again .
DAILYDZHAO-000872	i agree . they 're very lovely , especially huan huan .	is that the red one ? that is my favorite , too . do you know how much they are ?	the five dolls are sold together as a set , and they 're priced according to the size . the bigger they are the more expensive .	oh , i see . if i buy more than a set , can i get any discount ?	i do n't think so . all the souvenirs of the olympic games are very hot right now .	that was my favorite class .
DAILYDZHAO-000873	john ! wait a second ! i was just heading downstairs for a cup of coffee . you want to come ? i ' ve got some good news !	sure . let me just grab my wallet . you certainly do look happy this morning .	i am . don ' t worry about getting your wallet . it ' s my treat .	this is a first ! you must have won the lottery .
DAILYDZHAO-000874	john ! wait a second ! i was just heading downstairs for a cup of coffee . you want to come ? i ' ve got some good news !	sure . let me just grab my wallet . you certainly do look happy this morning .	i am . don ' t worry about getting your wallet . it ' s my treat .	i don ' t know what to say . i ' m so happy that you are all right .
DAILYDZHAO-000875	john ! wait a second ! i was just heading downstairs for a cup of coffee . you want to come ? i ' ve got some good news !	sure . let me just grab my wallet . you certainly do look happy this morning .	i am . don ' t worry about getting your wallet . it ' s my treat .	i ' m so happy . i ' m going to have a cup of coffee .
DAILYDZHAO-000876	john ! wait a second ! i was just heading downstairs for a cup of coffee . you want to come ? i ' ve got some good news !	sure . let me just grab my wallet . you certainly do look happy this morning .	i am . don ' t worry about getting your wallet . it ' s my treat .	you are such a lucky dog . i ' m going to treat you to dinner tonight .
DAILYDZHAO-000877	john ! wait a second ! i was just heading downstairs for a cup of coffee . you want to come ? i ' ve got some good news !	sure . let me just grab my wallet . you certainly do look happy this morning .	i am . don ' t worry about getting your wallet . it ' s my treat .	i ' m sorry . i ' m going to have a try .
DAILYDZHAO-000878	john ! wait a second ! i was just heading downstairs for a cup of coffee . you want to come ? i ' ve got some good news !	sure . let me just grab my wallet . you certainly do look happy this morning .	i am . don ' t worry about getting your wallet . it ' s my treat .	i ' m sorry . i ' ll take it .
DAILYDZHAO-000879	john ! wait a second ! i was just heading downstairs for a cup of coffee . you want to come ? i ' ve got some good news !	sure . let me just grab my wallet . you certainly do look happy this morning .	i am . don ' t worry about getting your wallet . it ' s my treat .	oh , i ' m sorry . i ' ll have to take it for a few minutes .
DAILYDZHAO-000880	john ! wait a second ! i was just heading downstairs for a cup of coffee . you want to come ? i ' ve got some good news !	sure . let me just grab my wallet . you certainly do look happy this morning .	i am . don ' t worry about getting your wallet . it ' s my treat .	i ' m sorry . i ' m going to have a look .
DAILYDZHAO-000881	john ! wait a second ! i was just heading downstairs for a cup of coffee . you want to come ? i ' ve got some good news !	sure . let me just grab my wallet . you certainly do look happy this morning .	i am . don ' t worry about getting your wallet . it ' s my treat .	there was a stop sign back there that you did n't stop for .
DAILYDZHAO-000882	i did learn that .	so , then why did you speed up ?	i do n't know what to tell you .	i 'm going to have to write you a ticket .	i understand .	here you go . do n't do that again .
DAILYDZHAO-000883	i did learn that .	so , then why did you speed up ?	i do n't know what to tell you .	i 'm going to have to write you a ticket .	i understand .	i 'm going to have to write you a ticket .
DAILYDZHAO-000884	i did learn that .	so , then why did you speed up ?	i do n't know what to tell you .	i 'm going to have to write you a ticket .	i understand .	and you 'll have to pay a fine .
DAILYDZHAO-000885	i did learn that .	so , then why did you speed up ?	i do n't know what to tell you .	i 'm going to have to write you a ticket .	i understand .	ok . i 'll give you a ticket .
DAILYDZHAO-000886	i did learn that .	so , then why did you speed up ?	i do n't know what to tell you .	i 'm going to have to write you a ticket .	i understand .	i 'm sure you 'll have a good time .
DAILYDZHAO-000887	i did learn that .	so , then why did you speed up ?	i do n't know what to tell you .	i 'm going to have to write you a ticket .	i understand .	you can get a message for him .
DAILYDZHAO-000888	i did learn that .	so , then why did you speed up ?	i do n't know what to tell you .	i 'm going to have to write you a ticket .	i understand .	and you can write the letter and write down your resume .
DAILYDZHAO-000889	i did learn that .	so , then why did you speed up ?	i do n't know what to tell you .	i 'm going to have to write you a ticket .	i understand .	you can get a ticket to the united states .
DAILYDZHAO-000890	i did learn that .	so , then why did you speed up ?	i do n't know what to tell you .	i 'm going to have to write you a ticket .	i understand .	get on the bus heading west .
DAILYDZHAO-000891	sure . where do you want to go ? are you in the mood for anything in particular ?	how about some dumplings ? i just ca n't get enough of them .	dumplings again ? ! oh , amy , let 's try something new !	well , what do you have in mind ?	how about the mongolian hot pot ?	oh , it 's too spicy for me . do n't you remember last time when i tasted the lamb ? it was so spicy my eyes teared up !
DAILYDZHAO-000892	sure . where do you want to go ? are you in the mood for anything in particular ?	how about some dumplings ? i just ca n't get enough of them .	dumplings again ? ! oh , amy , let 's try something new !	well , what do you have in mind ?	how about the mongolian hot pot ?	i 'm not fond of hot pot . i 'm not into it .
DAILYDZHAO-000893	sure . where do you want to go ? are you in the mood for anything in particular ?	how about some dumplings ? i just ca n't get enough of them .	dumplings again ? ! oh , amy , let 's try something new !	well , what do you have in mind ?	how about the mongolian hot pot ?	oh , amy , i 'm not sure . i 'm not sure if it 's good or not .
DAILYDZHAO-000894	sure . where do you want to go ? are you in the mood for anything in particular ?	how about some dumplings ? i just ca n't get enough of them .	dumplings again ? ! oh , amy , let 's try something new !	well , what do you have in mind ?	how about the mongolian hot pot ?	ok , let 's try that .
DAILYDZHAO-000895	sure . where do you want to go ? are you in the mood for anything in particular ?	how about some dumplings ? i just ca n't get enough of them .	dumplings again ? ! oh , amy , let 's try something new !	well , what do you have in mind ?	how about the mongolian hot pot ?	oh , i 'm afraid i ca n't . i 'm hungry .
DAILYDZHAO-000896	sure . where do you want to go ? are you in the mood for anything in particular ?	how about some dumplings ? i just ca n't get enough of them .	dumplings again ? ! oh , amy , let 's try something new !	well , what do you have in mind ?	how about the mongolian hot pot ?	sounds good .
DAILYDZHAO-000897	sure . where do you want to go ? are you in the mood for anything in particular ?	how about some dumplings ? i just ca n't get enough of them .	dumplings again ? ! oh , amy , let 's try something new !	well , what do you have in mind ?	how about the mongolian hot pot ?	very good , western wine and sichuan makes us tastes very good .
DAILYDZHAO-000898	sure . where do you want to go ? are you in the mood for anything in particular ?	how about some dumplings ? i just ca n't get enough of them .	dumplings again ? ! oh , amy , let 's try something new !	well , what do you have in mind ?	how about the mongolian hot pot ?	sounds good . i 'll try it .
DAILYDZHAO-000899	sure . where do you want to go ? are you in the mood for anything in particular ?	how about some dumplings ? i just ca n't get enough of them .	dumplings again ? ! oh , amy , let 's try something new !	well , what do you have in mind ?	how about the mongolian hot pot ?	did you go to school today ?
