DSTC10TOPICAL-000000	Hmm I am not sure of that. He went to college for it?	Nope he just attended drama class in high school because that is where the pretty girls went	Hahaha the guy really knew what he was after even that early	Yes, he did. He was a good sport about it, but I felt bad for him.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000001	Yeah I think I have read that before, that is impressive. I heard she was really good in that movie as well.	It's funny that she did not know she was auditioning for wonder woman. She thought she was trying out for cat woman	That is pretty funny, do you know what year the original wonder women made an appearance?	I'm not sure, but I do know that it was directed by Steven Spielberg.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000002	Actually it was Georgia Tech against Cumberland, they beat them 222-0	Hm. I figured that Tom Brady gave a biblical whooping to the Browns. Oh well. 222-0? Did Cumberland play with their cheerleaders or what?	Hahah good point, I have no idea but what a defeat. Do you ever watch the ESPN?	No, I don't watch the NFL.  I'm more of a college football fan.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000003	I do but i don't get the chance as much anymore. The patriots are on a role.	Do you know how many teams are on the NFL?	Wow that's a good question, how many?	I'm not sure how many there are, but the Patriots have been around since 1962.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000004	That is true. They produced a knock off lego once	Wow, they have tried their hand on everything it seems, smart business people	Very true. And they also own the Seattle Mariners. Good investment seems	They have been around for a long time. They were founded in 1948.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000005	I'm surprised a building of that size has lasted so long	I have no idea, but I am glad it survived. History should not be destroyed. Going back to football, the games apparently last only 11 minutes of active game	I guess the players have other things to attend to. They are pretty busy. Sunday is a work day for them. I hope they are editing the Bible like that Jefferson fellow.	I hope so too. I'm not a big fan of football, but that would be interesting to see.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000006	Yeah it cost a whooping $60 million, that is very expensive	Yeah do you know who Benjarvus Green-Ellis is?	Oh yeah the man is a legend, never fumbled the ball	I don't know who that is, but I do know that he was born in 1985.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000007	That makes sense. The NFL is using tracking chips on the players now.	Yes they are and they are collecting many stats such as velocity and rotation and others	Yeah. Do you know who Benjarvus Green-Ellis is?	I don't know who that is, but I do know that the NFL is one of the major professional sports leagues in the world.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000008	Yes I have, very funny movie. That was a classic right there. Thanks	I have never seen it before, I think Bill Murray said it was comedy gold or something like that.	I agree. Did you know that some of the very first silent movies out there were comedies?	I didn't know that, but it makes sense. Comedy has been around for a long time.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000009	Yeah, wasn't he the guy who didn't ever fumble the ball? Thats a pretty incredible feat.	That sure is, what a career. Did you know bowlers used to make more than football players in the 60s	That is surprising, I never saw bowling as that popular. But engineers make more over a lifetime than football players. So there is some incentive to work hard in school.	I did not know that, but I do know that bowling is one of the most popular recreational activities in the world.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000010	Where did you usually commute from and to? Technology and innovations fly by year after year.	I simply drove to the big city for about an hour and a half. Did you ever use the car radio?	That sounds like my commute. I commute about that long one way for school and back home. Doesn't every car have a radio?	I used to listen to the radio when I was a kid, but I don't listen to it much any more.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000011	I'm a huge football fan. How about yourself?	I love football both college and NFL, do you have a favorite NFL team of the 32?	I'm a New England Patriots fan and huge fan of Tom Brady how about you?	I am a fan of the Seattle Seahawks. They are my favorite team.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000012	Well apparently there is a president in Zimbabwe called president banana	They could do a musical number. I think that many fans would follow.	See I like that idea haha. Maybe they could make a lot of money so that Trump could be back into the top three richest presidents of all time	That's a good idea. I wonder if he would be able to win the lottery.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000013	I do too. The Saints should do better, if not for themselves, but for the good of the league.	Yeah I agree with you on that. Do you know what the average actual time of gameplay is for an average NFL game?	Something like 10 minutes, right? I think I heard that when they were talking about the chips in the shoulder pads of the players.	I'm not sure, but I do know that they are one of the oldest franchises in the NFL and have been around since 1960.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000014	I hope so too. We need engineers more than we need athletes if we're going to have a good society.	True! Although it is pretty cool that there isn't a rule that keeps women from playing. All they need to do it meet eligibility	I guess in the future we might see a woman. Anyway, great chat! Have a great evening!	Thank you! I hope you have a wonderful evening as well. It was nice chatting with you.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000015	I don't know honestly. We have some teams that have won state championships in the area but i don't ever go to the games.	I would think it would be more interesting if you went to the actual school.	I would think so too but there's a school in Allen, Texas that spent 60 million dollars to build a football stadium to seat 18,000 people.	Wow, that is a lot of money. I would love to see a game in person.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000016	Yep, that's how consistently good they have been. Did you know that New Orleans cheerleaders are forbidden from eating in the same restaurant as any NFL player. If they are eating somewhere and an NFL player comes in, they have	Thats rude. I wonder why?	They probably don't want any PR problems from that. It's kind of weird that there is no women in the NFL. There is no written rules against female players.	I didn't know that, but I guess it makes sense. I'm not sure why they don't allow them to wear uniforms though.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000017	Really, Id be interested to read it. It does sound a little extreme at some times.	I agree lol, do you have a favorite team?	I do, unfortunately I root for the Dolphins, it was a family thing.	I don't really have a team, but I do like to watch the Super Bowl.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000018	I do not think I have heard of that, what is it? There is a radio station that turns solar energy into sounds	WOw cool one. Have you ever listened to canadian radios?	I have not actually, I just do not have the time I guess. Back to football, Kellan Moore is the only half handed QB in the NFL.	No, I haven't heard of him. What team does he play for? Is he good?
DSTC10TOPICAL-000019	Good point. The ESPN once won an Emmy. Do you know what for?	Hmm I do not know that, did not know they could qualify for any of those awards	Yeah, well they got it for the superimposed yellow like	I'm not sure, but I do know that they have won a lot of awards.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000020	Yes, I did, interesting. I think they owned alot of land.	I believe so too. Up until 1805 the vice president was decided by who the runner up was in the presidential election. Interesting because there probably would have been 2 different opinions on issues of the time in the White	Yes, that is interesting. Its good times have changed.	Yes, it was a very interesting time to be a part of the American Civil War era.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000021	Yeah and after words maybe on a subconscious level. You know the highest scoring game of all time?	Yeah it was 222-0. What a blow out!	Yeah Georgia Tech was not playing around. I would have hated to be on the bus ride home to Cumberland.	I know, right?  I was so disappointed.  It was a great game too.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000022	Im doing great. How bout you.	I'm good, thanks for asking. Do you like Tennis?	I have never really sat down to watch it to be honest.	I love tennis! It's one of my favorite sports to watch. What's your favorite sport?
DSTC10TOPICAL-000023	I love the NFL! I try to follow all 32 teams the best I can.	Nice. I did not know the game season is 17 weeks. That is a long time and lots of games	Yes. It seems to go fast. Each team plays a 16 game schedule.	That's a lot of games! Do you have a favorite team? I like the Seattle Seahawks.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000024	It That is an interesting coincidence.	Did you know the NFL has no rules against women playing?	That's great! There should a team entirely of women!	I didn't know that, but I'm glad to hear it. I'm a big fan of women's soccer.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000025	Hello, do you like television?	I do. I love watching SNL - especially the weekend update.	I love SNL. Did you know when South Park aired the Family Guy episode, they received flowers from the Simpsons crew?	I didn't know that! I love South Park too. It was created by Trey Parker and Matt Stone.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000026	Yes but I guess that was because bowling was much more popular back then	I guess so. Do you know what the highest score in college football is?	Yes that is 222-0 when Georgia Tech beat Cumberland	I'm not sure, but I do know that Bowling is one of the most popular recreational activities in the world.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000027	I think soccer players make less money than a basketball player. But as a whole soccer is watched by a lot of people more in comparison to basketball. That is just my opinion	Yea basketball players are making upwards of 50 million a year thats crazy. I know overseas soccer is a huge sport. In There exists a variation of soccer where 3 teams face each other at the same time.	I never heard of such thing. How 3 teams can play on the field at the same time is a mind blowing. Hahaha	Soccer is the most popular sport in the world, and the world's most popular team sport.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000028	Well the NFL tracks everything. They even have chips in shoulder pads and footballs for tracking so I am pretty sure they are accurate.	I think its great that tech is being integrated into the game, cool stats indeed they should make devices to control the brain damage injuries	You would think that an average NFL player who will make less than an average engineer over his lifetime would want to help their own health. The NFL is violent.	The The NFL has been around since 1920 and was founded in 1920 as the National Football League.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000029	Are you a baseball fan? I'm not, so I am not surprised that the Women's World cup has higher ratings than the World Series.	Soccer is the international sport. Women around the world will be keen on seeing the games. Not so much for baseball, I guess. I am not a big baseball fan, though I follow the playoffs.	I'm not a sports person, I do like chess. Although, I didn't know it was invented in India.	I am a huge baseball fan.  I love watching the World Cup.  It is the world's most popular sport.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000030	No! Wow, that's awesome! Very smart and kind of them. I love animals more than a lot of people lol!	It is a great thing they did! i wish the U.S. would do that!	I do too, we have so many animals going extinct it would probably help a lot. They deserve to thrive and be safe too.	Yes, I agree. It's sad that we have to put them down, but it's the right thing to do.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000031	Yeah I guess it was a more popular game back then. Their coaches are the highest paid people	Yeah no surprise there. Do you know what the highest score in college football is?	Hmmm no I do not, what is it. Did you hear about that giant stadium in Texas?	I'm not sure, but I do know that it is the largest in the state of Texas.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000032	Hi, do you like football?	Hello, i love the NFL now thats a real sports league!	Do you know if they have female players?	I don't know much about the NFL, but I do know that it is the world's most popular sport.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000033	Hello, do you watch NFL?	Yes I tried to watch every nfl game. Do you like Tom Brady?	I like him. I guess he is a book author now as well.	I don't really follow football, but I do know that he is the quarterback for the New England Patriots.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000034	Hello there, do you watch the NFL?	Hi, no I don't watch it. Do you?	Yes me too from time to time. Curious fact, the U of Iowa visitor locker room is painted pink.	No, I do not. I am not a big fan of the NFL. I prefer college football.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000035	Are you a New England Patriots fan?	lol no I am not. Did you know there is no written rule against female players? women are allowed to play football.	And sorry, yes I watch football. I am not a fan of the Patriots either! lol I did know about the rule allowing female players. I'm surprised no females play tho	I'm not a big football fan, but I do know that the patriots are one of the most successful teams in the NFL.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000036	That must be a nightmare for opposing teams! Wonder if that would have helped Cumberland when Georgia Tech set the highest score record when they beat them 222-0. Ha!	Haha that is true! It's so surprising that an average engineer will make more in his life than an NFL or MLB player	Agreed. I even wonder if engineers made more than the top bowlers of the 1960s since they actually made more than the top football players as well!	I don't know about that, but I do know that the NCAA is the highest level of professional sports in the US.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000037	Yeah, no kidding. Although the average lifetime salary of engineers is higher than the average lifetime earning of an NFL player.	Plus fewer concussions too. I think it would be better for women to go into engineering.	Yeah, no kidding! I know the cheerleaders on the Saints have to leave a restaurant if a team player is there.	I don't know about that, but I do know that women in the NFL make a lot more money than men.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000038	Free with you, they should have had Snoop Dogg make a theme song for the game like he did for his son's high school football team LOL	Interesting, do you play golf?	I have tried to play golf but I'm not very good, it just takes so long to do all 18 holes I think	I've never played golf, but I've always wanted to try it. It looks like a lot of fun.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000039	For sure, did you know the NFL is the new religion	I guess it is, many people watch it for sure. Do you know how many teams are there?	I think there are 32 teams now, which is your favorite?	I don't know the exact number, but I do know that there are 31 teams in the National Football League.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000040	Well there is a free website of them if you would like to check it out	Yeah that is nice. Did you know that there is a radio station that turns solar energy into tunes	That is so cool. In WWII soldier made foxhole radio using pencils and razorblades	I did not know that! That's so cool! I'll have to check that out.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000041	Now, that's smart	Haha, yep it is.	It was very nice chatting with you. Have a great day	You as well, have a good one.  I hope you have a great rest of your day.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000042	They cannot socialize or date either.	Well that i agree with but forcing them to leaves a bit much to me.	Yeah probably something happened for them to make that rule. Well, cant wait till the draft lol. Gotta run, nice talking to you.	You as well, have a great day.  I hope you are having a good day.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000043	That was a beautiful show, both in the writing and visually. It's probably the best bit of TV Sci-Fi since 1997.	Yes I thought so too	It's been nice chatting with you, but I'd better get back to work.	I agree, it was a great show. I wish I could go back and watch it all again.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000044	Well I hope the players get their degrees before going to the NFL. The lifetime earnings of an engineer is higher than the average lifetime earnings of an nfl player	They could probably get tons of degrees after the NFL	lol. The bible is the best selling book ever selling over 5 billion copies. I know that because every one has one.	That's a good point. The NFL is one of the most profitable professional sports leagues in the world.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000045	I guess the football players chose the wrong sport then. They could have just gone bowling and make money. They could wear their helmet bowling too.	Well things have changed now so that definitely is not the case. But engineers still make more than football players	Engineers makes more than football players, but not for playing football. Engineers are good at engineering.	Engineering is a tough field to get into.  It takes a lot of hard work and dedication.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000046	I agree. Though the earnings of an engineer over their life time are higher that the earnings of a football player. That makes me feel a little better.	Until you think about retirement age. I'll take ten and out with millions over forty plus and out with millions. lol. What about you?	Same here. I would rather a few years to make my millions.	I would love to retire early and spend the rest of my time traveling the world.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000047	Yes, I forget how football is usually soccer to most people	Soccer is a popular sport around the world. Football is gaining popularity too in other countries.	I think internationally soccer is the most popular. In the US, football generally is more popular	Yes, it is. It is the world's most popular sport by over 200 million people.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000048	Yeah did you know most presidents swear in on the bible.	Two US president did not use it in swearing-in ceremonies.	yeah they are John quincy adams and teddy roosevelt	I did not know that, but I do know that the Bible is a collection of sacred texts.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000049	On a different topic what do you think about Birds by the way? I did eat a chicken for dinner and it was delicious	Birds are pretty awesome, they are technically dinosaurs so I find it fascinating to see living dinosaurs	Yes I agree, it's very crazy that they can range in size from 2 inches to over 9 feet	I love birds! I love the fact that they are the most widely abundant terrestrial carnivore.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000050	Yes, you are right, I have lots of comics books, I am not a reader, I like them for the drawing of the characters.	That is interesting. Dc comics paid $130 in 1938 for exclusive rights to superman.	Yes, Superman and Archie rich are two of the most valuable book I heard of according to my knowledge.	Wow, that is a lot of money.  I didn't know that.  Do you have a favorite superhero?
DSTC10TOPICAL-000051	Hello there, do you play the piano?	Hello, I can play a little. What about you?	No, but I really wish that I could I think it is so cool.	No, I don't play any instruments. I wish I could play an instrument though.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000052	It would be cool if they even had stuff that predated Marvel, if that is even a thing.	I think there are comics way before that.	I think it is cool how they have different universes, even within the same franchise.	I agree. I think it's cool how Marvel has been around since 1939.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000053	I agree! They are lucky to make it on ESPN 12 lol. Do you think there will ever be a woman that tries out for a team?	I don't know enough about women's bodies to say. There aren't many women who play in high school or college though.	I agree, but there is a small chance someday! Did you know ESPN won an emmy for their yellow first down line?	I did not know that, but I do know that they have been around since 1961.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000054	Oh I didn't know they were Canadian! If you are a radio drama fan there is a website where you can listen to thousands for free.	I have never listened to drama on the radio, but I do know it was very big, especially in the days before television	Yes it was basically the big form of entertainment! I bet some presidents even tuned in. The three wealthiest presidents were JFK, Washington, and Jefferson.	I'm not sure about the other three, but there was a lot of drama in the 60s and 70s.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000055	Football has got to be crazy too. Its a money maker for a lot of colleges	Yeah. The only good thing about this model is that it pays for the lesser sports, like swimming and volleyball.	Did you know Espn won an emmy for the creation of the yellow first down line	I did not know that, but I do know that the game is played on a rectangular field with a goal at each end.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000056	I think he is a pretty decent player. So was the former QB for Patriots, Benjarvus	I think considering how many super bowl rings Brady had he is better than decent.	Yeah that is true. Benjarvus on the other hand is the only guy in NFL to have never fumbled a ball.	I think so too. He is one of the best quarterbacks of all time.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000057	Hello, do you listen to the radio?	Not really. Do you?	Yeah I do quite a bit I just have not managed to find that Jupiter station	I used to listen to it a lot when I was younger, but I don't anymore.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000058	It is funny - bowling is a less athletic sport but they used to make twice as much as football players	i think they now get paid more but not all of them	yes that is true. Espn probably got more from winning an emmy for the creation of the virtual yellow line	That's a good point. The game was invented in England in the late 19th century.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000059	Yeah that is a wild fact, I guess the thing to do was to be a bowler in the 60's, that was the life!	Sure would be a lot easier physically than football. Did you see espn won an emmy for creating that superimposed yellow line representing the first down? I wonder what year that was	Yeah I am trying to think if I can remember watching games before it happened. I know I have but it's just so part of the game now I can't really remember.	I think it was in the early 1960s, but I'm not sure.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000060	Fun! We should be just about done with this hit!	yeah, this was a fun one!	I thought so too! Nice talking with you!	Nice talking to you as well.  Have a great day.  I hope you have a great rest of your day.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000061	Yes it was basically the big form of entertainment! I bet some presidents even tuned in. The three wealthiest presidents were JFK, Washington, and Jefferson.	With inflation I can see how Washington or Jefferson might have more worth than President Trump. But JFK surprises me	Yes JFK is a bit surprising. I bet the president of Indonesia made a lot from his pop albums!	I'm not sure, but I do know that he was born and raised in New York City.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000062	No. I usually watch comedy or romantic movies.	It was fantastic. The end left you guessing though. Some people say Infinity War owes part of it's success to Black Panther.	I will make a point of watching it soon.	I haven't seen it yet, but I hear it's really good. I'll have to check it out.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000063	I imagine it was at least hundreds apart?	222-0. I dont even see how that is possible. That one team must have been really bad.	Perhaps a combination of the winning team being just that good and the losing team being so bad	Yeah, it was a lot of fun to watch, but it was really sad to see them lose.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000064	Talk about a good career move that would pay off down the road! Marcia Lucas was the reason for some major changes to the original movie and won an academy award for editing the film.	Another fun fact that I learned is that there's a toy Hans Solo in every Firefly episode. I loved Firefly too!	I never knew that. I'm going to have to go watch and look for it.	You should, it's a great show. It was created by David Benioff and D. B. Weiss.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000065	Hi! I love rock music and it has been for a while now. I think since the 60s.	Yeah, it's definitely a classic and great genre. White snake has had over 50 members through it's history. That's crazy!	I know. The list has its own wikipedia page.	Wow, that's a lot of snakes. I'm not sure if I could handle that many.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000066	Nice! Did you know engineers make more money over time than NFL players do?	I guess that makes sense since their careers are longer too and they have more time to make money	For sure, but I bet NFL players are paid more per hour. Did you know an NFL game has 11 actual minutes of gameplay?	I didn't know that, but it makes sense. The NFL is the most popular professional football league in the world.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000067	Yeah true. Do you know what is the highest score in college football game?	Yes that is 222-0 and do you know who was playing in that game?	Yes that was Georgia tech that beat Cumberland in 1916	I'm not sure, but I do know that the game is played on a rectangular field with a goal at each end.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000068	Actually, I did. That thing was too long, though. I sat for 3 hours, makes me mad to think that the average NFL game has only 11 minutes of actual live gameplay.	Same here. There is so much waiting around. Id like to see a game with a running clock for all of it, stopping only when teams score. That would give more action.	You know they have tracking chips in the player's shoulder pads that records every move on the field. It would be interesting to see what that data shows!	I know what you mean.  I would love to see that as well.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000069	Yeah that makes sense. Because I haven't heard of that rule with any other team. What about the rule for female players? Apparently there is no rule against it, which is interesting	I guess they never imagined that women would want or be able to play. Other sports might not have such a rule either.	Yeah that makes sense. I don't think that women can play basketball or anything like that, at least in the NBA, but maybe I'm wrong? Do you have a favorite quarterback by the way?	I'm a big fan of Dennis Miller. He was a great quarterback.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000070	True. 11 minutes of combat.	I'm all for women breaking barriers and the belief that they can accomplish anything a man can, but not when there is a chance for major injury just based on a size advantage.	True. Anyway, I enjoyed chatting with you!	Thank you, it was nice talking to you as well. I hope you have a great day.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000071	Yeah thats true. Looks like a lot of them just inherited the money	And now the actors that play the characters are getting rich. Marvel movies make serious box office cash	I know right. Have you seen infinity war?	No, I haven't. I've heard it's good, but I've never seen it.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000072	Yes, the talent is there, on the coaching staff too. Though I have heard accusations for cheating.	Yes and while I am not familiar enough to know the details, which team hasn't been accused as such	I really don't know. I figure that the cost of getting caught cheating would be pretty high. Didn't they have to pay a fine or something?	I'm not sure, but I do know that the coaches have to be very strict about what they are doing.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000073	Hi! I do occasionally, usually during big games like Super Bowl.	Me too, I really don't watch much but I do like football. I think Tom Brady is an excellent quarterback.	I agree, though he is now in his 40s born in August 1977. Wonder if he might retire soon?	I don't think so. He is the most successful quarterback in the history of the NFL.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000074	Nice I liked it too. did you know it was founded in 1889 as a playing card company	Yeah, I did not know it was that old. Did you	Yeah I did not know but apparently it has been that long	I didn't know that either! It's crazy to think that it's been around for so long.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000075	Hi, how are you? do you like Marvel	Hello, I am doing good this morning. Yeah I like Marvel. Me and my son are always watching superhero movies.	Nice, me too although I am not a huge Fantastic Four fan. I think the movie killed it for me...	I've never seen it, but I've heard it's good. What's your favorite Marvel movie?
DSTC10TOPICAL-000076	I've watched Australian rules football and Rugby before although they aren't on tv much	They call it football codes. There is also a Gaelic football	Interesting. I mainly watch the NFL even though the games only have an average of 11 minutes of gameplay for each game	I've never heard of that, but it sounds interesting. Do you know much about it?
DSTC10TOPICAL-000077	The nfl has no written rule against female players; women would in fact be allowed if they met the league's eligibility requirements. I had no idea! I would have thought they did but I guess not.	That is interesting but I wonder what the league's eligibility requirements are. What if they had to have played football in college?	I am not sure. Based on the article, they could play. I think that they are not sexist, just biased against age.	I'm not sure, but I do know that the NFL has been around since 1920.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000078	I do! I just watched avengers the other day! Have you seen Wonder Woman?	I haven't, but I should! It was the highest grossing superhero movie!	I know! I've seen the Dark Knight too, have you? It was the highest before Wonder Woman.	I haven't seen it yet, but it's on my list. I've heard it's really good.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000079	Yeah only 13 TD passes which is low for a QB, he did have a better season the previous year	Saquon Barkley should be a good pick for the fantasy draft next season.	Im not aware of that player in what position does he play?	He is a centerfielder for the Pittsburgh Penguins.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000080	That would be different. Maybe they could get a pink locker room like the Univ of Iowa has for its visiting football teams. :) So bad! !	Haha, right! That is crazy. It's not any different than the crazy high score game that ended with 222-0 that's unbelievable!	Yeah that was awful for the losing team I bet. They probably could have benefited from the tracking chips they use today in the players' shoulder pads to record their moves. Maybe could have figured out what they were doing	I know, right?  I was so mad at them.  It was the first time I've ever seen that kind of thing happen in my life.  I don't know what I would have done if it had happened to me.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000081	Would be awesome to watch!	Yea, it's quite ironic that Jackson popularized the robot dance and wanted to build a robot lol	Could he make it sing too?	I don't think so, but it would be cool if he did.  He's a great dancer.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000082	I can't believe google is only 10 years old!	They have certainly grown pretty fast. I love YouTube!	i do too! i also like google maps. Do you use that a lot?	Yes, I use it all the time. It's a great way to keep track of information.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000083	Me too, but I guess in my childhood and college years I was watching much often. I didn't know that 14 of the world's 25 largest stadiums belong to American college football teams. Did you know that?	I did not know that. The University of Iowa's lock room for visiting teams is painted in all pink.	lol why? Do they believe it may bring any benefits to Iowa?	I'm not sure but I do know that it is the largest public university in the state of Illinois.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000084	I wonder too, there is an AM radio frequency that catches Jupiter's radio storms	Very cool, wonder if it just sounds like static or what? Bill Murray voiced the Human Torch in the 1970's fantastic four radio show!	no way! Now i need to look that up. It probably was amazing	Yes, it was. It was on NBC from 1974 to 1978.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000085	Good point. Did you know that bowlers made twice as much as top football stars ?	Thats crazy. It like how engineers make more in a lifetime	And what up with that crazy cumberland game. I would have walked off the field	I did not know that, but I do know that the game is played on a rectangular field.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000086	That's such a nice gesture. For the longest time he was the voice of college football. Did you go to Michigan?	I did not just a big fan. My favorite player of all time attended there so It was how I became a fan	Who is your favorite player of all time?	I went to the University of Michigan, but I didn't get to see him play.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000087	I do love football! How about you?	Yes, I love to go to the games? What do you think of the Patriots?	I like the Patriots! I'm glad that they won the super bowl. Tom Brady puts a lot of work into his game and deserves to be a winner for his dedication to being the best he can be.	I'm not a big football fan, but I do enjoy going to the Super Bowl.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000088	I did, it was pretty boring this year though.	Free with you, they should have had Snoop Dogg make a theme song for the game like he did for his son's high school football team LOL	Interesting, do you play golf?	No, I don't play any sports. I'm not athletic at all. How about you?
DSTC10TOPICAL-000089	Oh yeah you're right when they the aired the final family Guy episode.	Tv is a mass medium for advertisement, entertainment, and news. Is there anything else you enjoy?	Yes it is indeed. I enjoy the Internet. It's addicting and can cause measurable changes in the brain.	I do enjoy the internet as well. It is a great way to share information and ideas.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000090	I wonder if that is supposed to have some effect on the players	I am not sure. In the 60s bowlers used to make more than NFL players	Yeah I guess it was a more popular game back then. Their coaches are the highest paid people	I'm not sure about that, but I do know that the game was invented in 1891.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000091	Wasn't he a running back for the NE Patriots?	Yeah he was and he never fumbled the ball in his career	That's impressive. I wonder how many years he played for the Patriots to have that kind of stat	I'm not sure, but I do know that he is the most successful quarterback of all time.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000092	Now that's suprising. I wonder how much would that be	I'm not sure. I think it's because NFL players do not play past their 30s normally	True. How about golf? are you familiar with it?	I am not familiar with golf, but I do know that it is a team sport.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000093	Yes. The Saints cheerleaders cannot even eat in the same restaurant as the players.	I guess it is to keep the players from getting distracted or from bad press about teams.	I'm sure. Even if the cheerleader is already there, if a player walks into the restaurant the cheerleader has to leave.	That's a good point, I didn't think of that. I guess it's good to keep them on their toes.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000094	I guess that is not a lot considering how long they have been around	That is true actually. Do you know the programming language Python?	I have heard of it, is that somehow related to comedy	I don't know much about it, but I do know that it was created by a man named Peter Gene Hernandez.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000095	I sometimes watch football. You?	I like watching it when it's on! Can you believe there is only 11 minutes of actual gameplay?	I can. they do so much standing around and waiting. it feels like they try to run down the clock. i wouldnt buy a ticket. too expensive.	I don't really watch football, but I do know that it is the most popular sport in the world.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000096	True. It was my pleasure to talk with you.	Have a good day my friend watch a disney film for me today	Sure.	It was a pleasure talking to you as well. I hope you have a great day.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000097	Ha! Maybe so! I mean, there's only 11 minutes of live NFL gameplay on average so it wouldn't hurt to have a few female players, I wouldn't think!	Maybe there is to many advertisements, what do yo think ? Or if the players played more than 11 minutes, they would get more injuries ?	I think it's primarily the commercials. Crazy to think it's only 11 minutes though! I wonder if the chips they use to track the movement of players only tracks 11 minutes worth?	I'm not sure, but I do know that the game is played on a rectangular field with a goal at each end.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000098	Yes and they also have to leave mid meal if they walk in	Yes it is absurd and sexist and it needs to go	I agree. THey are using tracking chips on the players now	I know, right? It's like they don't care about anyone but themselves. I don't get it.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000099	Yes they are and they are collecting many stats such as velocity and rotation and others	Yeah. Do you know who Benjarvus Green-Ellis is?	Of course I do, he played for the Patriots and never fumbled the ball in his career	I don't know much about him, but I do know that he was born in 1958.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000100	That stat actually surprises me with how much football players work! Did you know that in the 60s even top bowlers made more than football players? !	I wasn't aware of that, actually. That's sad and unfair - almost as bad as the Saints cheerleaders not being allowed to dine in the same restaurant as the football players.	That's terrible, especially since the cheerleaders need to leave even if they were there first. Talk about no womens rights?	I didn't know that, but I do know that the game was invented in England in the late 19th century.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000101	How great is that! So important. The library of Alexandria had a unique way of gathering books by making all ships visiting surrender their books for copy .	They must have had a impressive collection	How unfair, they would copy their books give them back the copy and keep the originals.	That is so cool!  I didn't know they did that.  Do you know how many books they have?
DSTC10TOPICAL-000102	Wow. Didn't know that. Antarctica has a disc golf course	Oh that would be a cold course! A golf course in Dubai requires 4 million gallons of water!	That is a lot of water. The US have more golf courses than the world combined	I didn't realize that either.  The course is located in the Arctic Circle of the Pacific Ocean.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000103	How things have changed now. Did you hear they are using tracking chips on the players now?	Yes they are collecting information such as velocity and rotation and a bunch others, Wonder what for though.	I hope they can somehow use them to make the game safer and decrease the number of concussions	I didn't know they were doing that, but I hope they do too. It would be good for everyone involved.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000104	Yes. They are definitely a power couple. Do you watch Game of Thrones? The author called the Pats the Lannisters of the NFL!	Yeah I've heard that one ;) really funny but what does it mean - they always pay their debt ? ;) lol	Did you know that in the 1960's bowlers made twice as much as top football stars?	I did not know that, but I do know that the show is based on George R. R. Martin's "A Song of Ice and Fire" series of fantasy novels.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000105	I am not sure. But I'd definitely see the recent Spider Man film. I heard it was really good. And it won some Oscars	I heard it was really good, hes not my favorite superhero, but Id definitely see it also.	Do you read any other comic books?	I don't read a lot of comic books, but I do like the Marvel Cinematic Universe.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000106	Wow. Drogba once stopped a civil war in his country	WOw amazing. Even Jon Steward used to be a soccer player	Nice a tv host and a soccer player, lots of talent there	Yes, he was a very talented player.  He played for the Dallas Cowboys.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000107	They give 24 awards to talented people in the film industry annually.	Yes, Did you know that Daniel Day-Lewis is the only actor to win Best Actor at the Oscars 3 times.	No, I did not know that. Thanks for the info. I always like to know the facts related to the entertainment industry.	I didn't know that either, but it makes sense since he's been nominated for so many awards.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000108	Friends was a great show, they had so much talent there. I was and am more of a Seinfeld fan, 3rd rock was ok.	I just love that comedies generally have a happy ending. I love to smile and laugh.	Yeah same here, and comedy is pretty hard to do right!	I agree, it's hard to believe it's been on the air since 1989.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000109	I watch it most weekends. I prefer the NFL to college football or any other league.	I was shocked to find out that an average NFL game, only has 11 minutes of live gameplay.	They do keep the time running while the teams are setting up & calling a new play a lot so I guess it's not too surprising. They still earn a lot of money for the little work they do.	That's true.  The NFL has been around since 1920.  It's been around a long time.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000110	do you know much about the universe?	Some stuff. There is a theory that it was formed through evolution	Yeah and another one that there is only one electron in it	I know a little bit about it, but I'm not very knowledgeable about it.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000111	Originally the runner-up would become vice president. So in our last election we would had vice president Hillary Clinton and president Trump. Talk about a lot of drama haha	Wow! That would have been crazy. We are much too partisan for that now. Maybe it would force us to work together more. Off topic but do you watch a lot of TV?	I watch a little bit of TV. since I don't have cable I only watch Netflix mostly. I like the show stranger things, what about you?	I love the show Stranger Things! It's one of my favorite shows on Netflix.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000112	Jefferson created a bible? How much money did he make on it? I know he was rich.	Yeah he created a version of it and took out all the supernatural stuff because he did not believe in it	There must not have been much left! I guess it was short book. Why did Jefferson do this? Was he angry at God or something?	I'm not sure why he did that, but I do know that the bible is a collection of sacred texts.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000113	I am not sure but it is shot in California in an Ikea store and people there do not even know	WOw. Do you like radio dramas?	I like them sometimes. Do you listen to them?	No, I don't listen to much radio. I prefer to listen to podcasts.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000114	Probably. I guess it's written into their contract.	football players are having too much troubles already	That's true. But it seems everyone else has to change their ways for them.	Yeah, I think so too. I'm not sure what to do about it.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000115	Yes, have you seen Iron Man, if yes did you like it?	Yes. Even after ten years it holds up quite well!	That's true, I even like the actor in Iron Man as much as the movie itself. He is one of my favorite actor.	I haven't seen it, but I've heard a lot about it. It's the highest grossing superhero film of all time, right?
DSTC10TOPICAL-000116	I understand their thinking. They felt that they should be loyal to the law of the land and the people of the US.	Do you like football?	Football is a fun sport. I don't get a chance to watch it much. You?	I do like football, but I'm not very good at it. I'm more of a soccer fan.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000117	Yes that is amazing, was also shocked when I read that	I guess I find all of it fascinating. How did someone figure out that these waves could be converted into sound?	I know its crazy, I wonder if it was one of those I have an idea moments	I have no idea, but it was so cool to see.  I wish I could have seen it in person.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000118	OK. Did you know that females could play in the NFL ?	No but i dont like how cheerleaders are forbidden from eating in the same restaurant as any nfl player	That is crazy that they would have to leave if a player comes in.	I didn't know that, but I do know that the NFL is the most popular professional football league in the world.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000119	Absolutely - there is a reason the lifetime earnings of an engineer is higher than that of a nfl player - their career is a lot longer.	It's funny to think that back in the 1960s, bowlers were paid more. I can't imagine sitting around and watching bowling being more exciting, but bowling alleys were popular.	Yeah I do love bowling though its been a while since I did it. There are more female bowlers though - even though it is allowed for women to play in the NFL, there aren't any.	That's true, but I don't think women's bowling is as popular as men.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000120	I guess. Do you know how the polos were invented?	Yes they were invented by a tennis player Rene Lacoste	Yes and then was adopted by others and the rest is history	I do not know much about them, but I do know that they are a type of racket sport.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000121	What a guy really. Did you know about that weird rule that New Orleans cheerleader shave to abide to?	Yeah about not being able to eat in the same restaurant as the players. What is up with that?	Yeah and they have to leave mid meal. That rule is sexist and has to go	I didn't know that, but I can see why they would want to do that.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000122	i do like to watch football. only get the chance from time to time. You?	I do. Did you know that the NFL has no written rules against female players?	i heard something about that, but then again i dont think they ever imagined a woman showing up to try out.	I did not know that. I do know that it is the most popular sport in the world though.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000123	I do from time to time.	me too, I am a university of iowa football fan, they paint their visitors locker room pink!	That's cool. Do you watch the NFL at all?	No, I don't watch much football. I'm more of a hockey fan myself.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000124	hahaha, it is just so much fun, the game itself and all the cheering and the fans. How about the animal world, do you take much interest there?	Yeah I am a big fan of animals and nature, how about you?	Most definitely, I love science in general. Crazy to think we share the planet with 20 quintillion other species of animals	I love animals too! I'm a huge animal lover. I love all the different kinds of animals.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000125	Yes I guess football was not that popular back then as it is now	True. Do you know the highest score in college football?	Yes that is 222-0 when Georgia Tech beat Cumberland	I do not know the exact number, but I do know that it is the most watched sport in the world.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000126	yes, I'd like to learn how do that myself. Apparently, you just use a razor blade and a pencil as a diode. I believe that they were called Foxhole radios.	Did you know that you can hear Jupiter radio songs on AM radio?	Well, I think it is radio storms that are so strong that they can be picked up and heard on the AM radio.	I didn't know that, but it makes a lot of sense. It's crazy how long they've been around. They were invented in the late 19th century.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000127	I would if I had that kind of crazy money but it's so many shelter animals it would not be smart.	Have you ever used Pandora Radio?	Yes! I enjoy the service, How about you?	I haven't, but I've heard good things about it. It's a great rescue organization.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000128	Hi do you like movies?	Good Afternoon! Yes, I do enjoy movies and I try to watch a new release at least once a month. You?	That is cool, do not do it as often. One of the ones that I admire the most is star wars series which started in 1977	I do like movies, but I haven't seen any of the new Star Wars movies yet.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000129	I didn't know that, do you know if they still do that?	They still make rubber boots yes	Boots have a lot of interesting history in general. I believe the first people to ever be photographed were a man and the cleaner cleaning his boots.	I'm not sure, but I do know that they have been around for a very long time.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000130	Yes it is indeed. I enjoy the Internet. It's addicting and can cause measurable changes in the brain.	It is hard to get away from the internet. Even Mt Everest has service!	Yes that is so hard to believe! When buying a product or service online, only 7% of people read the full terms.	I know, it's crazy how much information is available on the internet these days.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000131	Did you know that Hugh Jackman once walked around comic con in his full wolverine costume and no one even noticed him?	haha I didn't know that. That's pretty cool! Sean Bean is so scared of flying that he hiked into location in full costume when filming the Lord of the Rings.	wow that is crazy.. There is a great pianist on tv right now - do you play?	I used to play the piano when I was younger, but I haven't in a while.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000132	I didnt know that, I wonder if players are ok with that, chips can gather all kinds of info and it can be a bit invasive	Well I think it is only during games so they can get velocity and rotation and such. They must be okay with it since they are keeping them in their pads	Oh I see, so this only applies to games, a thing I dont like about the game is that a lot of the times is wasted on ads, theres only a total of 11 minutes of live play	Yeah, I agree. I don't think it's worth the hassle.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000133	That is pretty cool that there is no written rule against them and hope to see them in the field soon	Yeah I hope so too. Did you know engineers make more int heir lifetime?	Yeah and I wonder if that fact that they have longer careers has anything to do with that	I didn't know that, but it makes sense. Engineers make a lot of money.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000134	Ok, yes. It could. I'm not advocating that women. play. In fact, they'd be better off as engineers probably. The average lifetime earnings of an engineer is higher than the average lifetime earnings of an NFL player.	Probably due to injury related early retirement	True. Engineers have fewer concussions.	That makes sense, but I don't think I'd want to be an engineer if I was a woman.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000135	There's a lot of money in European soccer. I guess it helps to diversity across sports and locations.	Yes, I imagine.	Soccer seems to be a game that's more fun to play than watch. I understand the appeal in countries where people grow up playing it. Recently some American got signed to a European team for a ton of cash. Maybe	That's awesome! I'm not a big fan of soccer, but I know it's the most popular sport in the world.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000136	Oh I see, interesting, and yeah, I see your point that definitely sells movies or at least creates interest in them.	The fact that he was so well-known and considered a comic legend just shows how effective he was at those spots. Before Iron Man was released in 2008, many people didn't even realize comics were still being published.	I can imagine after all the whole Marvel franchise is live because of him and will keep on living long after his death.	Yeah, he's been around for a long time. He was born in 1943.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000137	That's interesting, the evolutionary things are so cool, I get the hiccups a lot too.	Haha I think I have the right now. I'm just glad though that Scotland passed a lot to protect the Loch Ness monster back in 1912 just in case it exists lol	That's funny, I'd definitely be a lawyer in Switzerland to represent the animals, love them!	I would love to visit there one day. I think it would be a great place to visit.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000138	You are kind of right, but definitely something underneath is going on with him.	I guess, maybe I don't think it's the big of deal to be upset as long as you acknowledge that it was wrong. A bit of anger can be healthy.	And I have to admit that the reporter was pushing him a little bit.	That's true, but I still feel bad about it. I'm not sure if I should confront him about it or not.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000139	I think it is a good platform for that by the way.	Not everyone does though. Burger King had a promotions that you got a free whopper if you unfriend 10 people. I wonder what inspired that.	I think that Burger King was just looking for media attention which they got.	I don't know, but I do know that the company was founded in 1940 by Richard and Maurice McDonald.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000140	Yes I actually have a DIY project in my home right now. Im watching YouTube to complete it.	It is such a great thing. There is actually NOTHING I have tried to look up that I didn't find!	I know, there is a ton of info available, even material from corporations like CBS and BBC, I think YouTube is a great invention.	Youtube is such an amazing resource.  I use it all the time.  What kind of project are you working on?
DSTC10TOPICAL-000141	I have a passing knowledge	Same here. The highest scoring game ever was 222-0! That must have been something to watch!	Either the winning team was just that good or the losing team was just that bad	I think it was just a game of skill, but it was very exciting to watch.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000142	It is true, I do enjoy watching the Super Bowl.	Me too although it was pretty boring this year.	Yeah, it was very boring.	I agree, I'm not a big football fan. I'm more of a hockey fan.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000143	What tv drama does he act in?	I don't like his movies to be honest. One more celebrity news is that actor Michael caine became an actor because all the prettiest girls at his school were in drama class.	Michael is one of my all-time favorite actors!	He was in a lot of movies in the 80s and 90s. He was a great actor.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000144	I may have seen one a very long time ago. Fox did not think it would succeed so they told George lucas if he directed it he would get all merchandising rights to himself. He must have made a fortune.	Oh I actually knew that about the films! He definitely made a fortune. They thought that the entire franchise would never make any money - especially when it came to toys and such. I bet they regret every bit of	Yes, and his wife Marcia was the reason they made all the good changes. She even won an award for it.	That's so cool! I didn't know that. I wonder if they still make toys today.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000145	Engineers came up with that! Probably a better profession for women to choose. The average lifetime earnings of an engineer are higher than the average lifetime earnings of an NFL player.	I wonder why that is! Maybe because engineers have to work longer? After all football games only have about 11 minutes of live game play.	True, but there is little risk of concussion as an engineer.	That's a good point. I'm not sure, but I do know that there are a lot of different types of engineers.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000146	I would certainly take the engineer career path in that case. It would certainly be much easier on your body.	Yes, can you believe that in the 60s top pro bowlers made twice as much as footballs players? Talk about a job that's easy on you body!	That would be much easier on your body. I can't imagine that paying more. Times have changed. Were you also aware that 14 of the world's 25 largest stadiums are American college football team stadiums?	I did not know that, but I do know that the NFL is the most popular professional sports league in the world.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000147	Wow cool. Did you know that superbowl is very small compared to soccer events?	Wow, I guess since so many people around the works like the sport	Yeah true. Did you know Greenland cannot join FIFA?	I did not know that, but I do know that Greenland is a Nordic country located in the North Atlantic Ocean.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000148	Yeah. Did you know women can play in the NFL?	Yea there is no rule against that as long as they qualify	Yes. The game average is only 11 minutes of play anyways	I did not know that, but that is good to know. Do you have a favorite team?
DSTC10TOPICAL-000149	Isn't that crazy? Almost as crazy as the thought that it is impossible to separate two phonebooks whose pages have overlapped.	Yeah or that the cables carrying phone and internet data are under water lying on the oceans floor.	Are you a Simpsons fan? There is only one episode where Bart is not present, or even mentioned.	I am not a big fan of the show, but I do know that it was created by Matt Groening.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000150	Yeah, I think I saw him play the piano in several films some of them had Jazz songs.	Clint is great! He is not much of a singer though. On a related note, Im astonished that Pakistan has a jazz orchestra. I did not imagine jazz as popular in that part of the world.	Pakistan has an orchestra? that is an interesting fact indeed, do you know why trumpeters grew goatees?	I'm not sure, but I do know that the word "jazz" was first recorded in the 10th century.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000151	No, I've never heard anything like that. I did hear, though, that there's a website where you can listen to thousands of episodes of classic radio dramas for free although I never had the pleasure of doing so.	Interesting, I'm not a huge fan of classic radio dramas.	Me neither but I like to investigate old school. Old school is interesting. As a matter of old school, did you know that the circular huddle in football was created by Paul D. Hubbard, a deaf QB, so the other	I did not know that, but it makes a lot of sense. Classic radio is a great source of entertainment.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000152	For almost each trip I make when I don't know where it is, especially on out of town trips	same, i use it a lot when i'm going to familiar places too in order to see if there is traffic on the road or an accident	Whenever Google goes down even for one second, there is usually a big uproar by users	I do the same thing. It's so convenient to know where you are going and where you're going.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000153	yeah! it was founded back in 1923 and it is definitely approaching 100 years. That seems really insane to me	It definitely has established itself as a leader in the animation industry. Everyone knows who they are and has seen a Disney movie!	Yes I agree! What is your favorite Disney movie by the way? I really like The Little Mermaid and Beauty and the Beast	I love the little mermaid! It's one of my favorite disney animated films.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000154	No! What teams did that?	Georgia Tech versus Cumberland.	That sounds like two college teams. That couldn't have been any time recently right?	I'm not sure what you mean by that, but I do know that the Cuban Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals was founded in 1911.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000155	No I didn't know that! Doesn't seem like that makes any sense to me haha. Did you know that our rules for elections changed in 1805?	I agree. No I did not. How did they change?	Originally the runner-up would become vice president. So in our last election we would had vice president Hillary Clinton and president Trump. Talk about a lot of drama haha	I'm not sure how they changed it, but I do know that the first president of the United States was John F. Kennedy.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000156	That is crazy! You could buy an xbox for a whole lot less! Did you know that South Korea has laws on how late at night kids can play video games?	no! How late? do you know?	I do. They can't play past midnight.	I did not know that, but I do know that they are not allowed to play at all during the day.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000157	It is very helpful to view football though.	Yes. A simple thing can make a huge difference.	Yes, most of the best inventions are very simple. Do you like the Patriots?	I'm not a big football fan, but I do know that they are one of the most successful teams in the NFL.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000158	Power to the animals! Germany also protects them as they were the first country to universally give animals constitutional rights!	That's hilarious! There's a jellyfish that can live forever.	Wow. blessing and a curse I suppose. I hate getting the hiccups but apparently its from early evolution of having both gills and lungs.	I know, right?  It's so weird.  I don't know what I would do if I had to give them up.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000159	I have read some. Mostly online. I was never a Marvel fan until the movies came out though. Unless it was someone big like Spiderman. It amazing how release times of movies can affect each other.	Spiderman is very popular. The rights cost Sony $10 mill	They seem like a company who should make that much. They created a superhero for a 4 year old boy, just so he would be more comfortable about his hearing aids.	That's a good point. I'm not a big fan of Marvel movies either.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000160	Hi, how are you? Are you ready for a fine chat today?	For sure. Do you watch the NFL at all?	The NFL? The National Football League? Yes, I've heard of it. Is it any good?	I don't really watch it, but I know it's the world's most popular sport.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000161	Yeah I agree with you on that. Do you know what the average actual time of gameplay is for an average NFL game?	Something like 10 minutes, right? I think I heard that when they were talking about the chips in the shoulder pads of the players.	Yeah it's only 11 minutes of actual gameplay, the rest is spent calling plays and moving chains and stuff. Yeah I have heard about that too, very interesting.	I'm not sure what the actual time is, but I do know that the game is played on a rectangular field with nine players on each side.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000162	I don't know. I think their hands are a bit tied because there are not many options for Quarterback on the team.	I was hoping that the Giants would put him to play instead of Eli	I think they will. Eli is already 37 years old.	Yeah, Eli has been around for a long time. He was drafted by the Bengals in 2009.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000163	It was really good. A different type of marvel movie which was great	I like the comedy ones. i am not really into explosions and fight scenes. they get old.	That is a good point, seeing it once was good enough to like. It was so nice chatting with you!	It was nice talking to you as well, have a great day!  :)  I love Marvel movies!
DSTC10TOPICAL-000164	That is a lot. Did you know there is a town , where the Mayor is a cat?	I think that is in Alaska, right?	Yes, the town is Talkeetna, and the cat has been major since 1997	I did not know that, but it makes sense since it is located in Anchorage.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000165	What kind of book is it?	I suppose it depends on who you ask. I believe that he believes it's spiritual but a critic called it cult like and creepy.	What do you think though?	I'm not sure, but I do know that it's a collection of sacred texts from ancient India and Greece.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000166	That was a good game. They started out as a playing card company. I didn't know they owned the Mariners.	No I didn't know that either. I also didn't know that they made a handheld system just for the game Pokemon back in 2001, I wonder what system that was	I never heard of that either. I wonder if it was only for the Japanese market? At the Mariners games, you can install an app for the 3DS to order food.	I'm not sure, but I do know that Pokemon has been around since 1996, so it's been around for a while.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000167	Hahaha I wonder. Do you know what the highest score in football is?	Yeah, that would be the Georgia Tech crushing of Cumberland, 222-0. Ouch!	I know I wonder how they felt after that	I'm not sure, but I'm sure they were pretty upset.  It was a pretty big deal for them.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000168	Yes, I do! I just hope it is not hosted by Jimmy Kimmel again. Do you plan on watching?	yes if i can remember the day. will you have a viewing party?	Usually just watch it by myself. What does a viewing party consist of exactly?	No, I don't think I'll be invited. I'm not sure what kind of party it is.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000169	It's amazing how much technology is used in the NFL these days	Yes, I was reading about the chips that they're using in shoulder pads. I hope the data they gather that way will be used to prevent injuries.	And it's interesting how ESPN won an Emmy for that yellow line they created.	I know, right? It's crazy to think that the NFL has been around since 1920!
DSTC10TOPICAL-000170	Do you watch the rest of the NFL? I do even though there is 11 minutes of actual action in a 3 hour broadcast.	I do, games tend to be really long and Im not convinced by that fact, games seem to last a lot longer, gameplay and all, I wonder if its actually true	Well the NFL tracks everything. They even have chips in shoulder pads and footballs for tracking so I am pretty sure they are accurate.	I don't watch the NFL, but I do know that it is the most popular sport in the world.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000171	Yeah he is definitely very smart. I guess there is also a theory where there is just one electron in the whole universe as well.	hmm that is strange I haven't heard that, kim jong un has a degree in physics so maybe he knows haha	Holy cow, I didn't know that about him, very interesting.	Kim Jong Un is an American astrophysicist and cosmologist.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000172	Are you a fan of Tom Cruise?	I do like some of his movies.	Did you know Seinfeld is worth more than Tom Cruise and Tom Hanks combined?	I did not know that, but I do know that he was born and raised in Honolulu, Hawaii.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000173	Yeah I hope we get to see them in the field at some point	Yeah me too. THe gameplay is only 11 minutes anyways	Yes and yet we are glued to the tv for hours on end	I know, right? I can't wait to see what they come up with next!
DSTC10TOPICAL-000174	That's interesting! Will you be watching the Superbowl? I heard it's coming up	I hope the Eagles make it again. Hopefully they don't have to set up a court though	Ha. I don't usually watch football but will probably watch the Superbowl. The suspense is exciting.	I'm not a big football fan either, but I do like the Super Bowl.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000175	I do not really, are they good? Maybe I should check them out	Well there is a free website of them if you would like to check it out	Yeah that is nice. Did you know that there is a radio station that turns solar energy into tunes	I did not know that. I will have to check that out. Thanks for the tip.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000176	That seems unfair. A lot about football seems unfair. For example, New Orleans Saints cheerleaders can't eat in the same restaurant as any NFL player. If they are already dining at a restaurant and an NFL player comes in after,	That is so wrong and sexist, I cannot believe they still have that rule. Did you know ESPN won an Emmy once?	I believe it. ESPN has been around for a long time. They should have won at least once.	I didn't know that, but I do know that the NFL is the most popular professional sports league in the world.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000177	I bet they are regretting this choice and someone definetely got fired lol, It sure cost them billions.	The franchise itself is worth $65 billion.	I like that Star Wars explored the universe, although many things of the movie are fiction it made me wonder as a kid, you know that there are stars that are cold enough that can be touched with bare hands	I know what you mean.  It's hard to believe that the first Star Wars movie came out in 1977.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000178	That is interesting, it goes to show just how big the NFL has gotten since then.	I think engineers make more, as well.	Over the average career they do, I think it takes in account how long their careers are compared to pro sports players.	I think you're right. The NFL is the most popular professional sports league in the world.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000179	Good morning! Yes, I am. What about you?	I watch mostly college, but I tend to watch most during playoff time.	That's cool, I like NFL football.	I'm more of a college football fan myself. I'm a fan of the Dallas Cowboys.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000180	Yeah I recently just found that out. Would you say you're pretty religious?	You would think since there's only 11 minutes of live NFL gameplay, we'd at least have a female kicker by now, right? But I do like to read the Bible from time to time. What about you?	Right, I can't believe it's so short considering a game is like 3 hours long when watching it. I am not too religious but I do read the Bible from time to time	I'm not very religious, but I have read the bible a few times. It's very interesting.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000181	I didn't know that. What did they win it for?	It was pretty strange but they got it for inventing the superimposed yellow line	Interesting! RB Former RB Benjarvus Green-Ellis never fumbled during his NFL career. That's pretty incredible.	They won it for being the first team to win a Super Bowl in the history of the National Football League.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000182	Right!! Are you interested in football history? I'm looking forward to the Super Bowl coming up. The original first NFL playoff game was way back in 1932.	That is wild, to be honest I kind of thought that playoff games happened earlier than that, I do know that the highest scoring football game was 222-0 although I don't remember what teams were playing	Wow. That must have been some boring game! The game today is so technologically involved. They even use tracking chips to monitor the ball speed, etc. and the players moves.	I am not a big football fan, but I know that it is the most popular sport in the world.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000183	Matt Patricia is a male lol, he is a rocket scientist and also a coach in the NFL	Wow, I feel a little embarrassed for not knowing that, first chance I get I will read upon him.	Patricia its a girls name so don't worry its an honest mistake, he must be a really smart guy though being a rocket scientist and all	Yeah, he's a pretty smart guy. He was born in 1958, so he's been around for a while.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000184	New orleans saints cheerleaders are forbidden from eating in the same restaurant as any nfl player and if they are already dining at a restaurant and an nfl player comes in after, the cheerleaders are required to leave. Isn't this	Yeah, that's pretty crazy. The average lifetime earnings of an engineer is higher than the average lifetime earnings of an nfl player and an average mlb player.	Now that's suprising. I wonder how much would that be	I'm not sure, but I do know that the Saints are one of the oldest franchises in the NFL.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000185	Hi there, do you watch the NFL games?	The NFL? The National Football League? I've heard of it. Is that still around?	Yeah of course it is a big deal nowadays. Much bigger than in the 60 when Bowling was a bigger sport	Yes, the NFL is still around. It is the world's most popular professional football league.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000186	Same here. The highest scoring game ever was 222-0! That must have been something to watch!	Either the winning team was just that good or the losing team was just that bad	Or both! Did you know in the NFL they only play for around 11 minutes per game?	I did not know that, but I do know that they play in the National Football League.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000187	Well he is doing what it takes to stay at the top of his game at age 40	coupled with avocado ice cream as well.	Did you know that the visiting football teams is completely painted pink ?	I didn't know that, but it makes sense. He's been playing football his whole life.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000188	A Mars colonization project planned for 2023 will be funded by creating a reality TV show.	What the heck, I wonder who will sign up for that show?	HAHA no idea!	I'm not sure, but I'm sure it will be interesting to see what they come up with.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000189	Me too. Hopefully nothing wrong with Lebron	im not a lebron fan !!! im hoping something is a little wrong with him haha	whatever. Btw, do you watch football games this season	No, I don't watch much football. I'm more of a hockey fan myself.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000190	Google employees that need help could improve their knowledge by reading it.	Did you know robots can be controlled by using rat brains?	I heard that it's personality is changed depending on the brain they used.	I did not know that, but I do know that they have been around since the 1980s.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000191	Yes they do. I wonder how big they are.	Me too! Interesting that they live underwater too	seems like you can't escape bugs anywhere from the ocean to the sky	I know, right? I wonder if they can see in the dark too.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000192	He really does, he was drafted as a number one pick in 2005 too.	Do you go to football games? I've been to one once in my life at Indiana University.	Ive been to quite a few at Florida State, but no pro games. There is only 11 minutes of live action anyway	I've never been to a football game, but I would love to go to one someday.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000193	That's great. Did you know that espn won an award.	Yes! It is so interesting to learn the history behind things such as the symbols representing first down lines in American football games.	I haven't heard about those. I do know they are going to add tracking chips in the padding of the players.	I did not know that. I will have to check it out. I love sports.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000194	I honestly can say I do not remember a science fiction film winning an Oscar for best picture. It usually ends up be some dramatic movie or something. Its possible they may have won before my time, but I don't	Yeah, what's you're favorite sci-fi film?	Off the top of my head I can't think of one. I love movies dealing with aliens and such though. I also enjoy when the sci fi has a little bit of a fear element to it. What is your	I'm not sure if I have a favorite. I just like to watch all kinds of movies.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000195	I am not positive, but I think the original 1977.	Yea that one is my favorite. It's crazy the entire Star Wars franchise is worth 65 billion	Wow yes, I remember it was one of the most popular and high rated movie that brought in millions.	I know, it's crazy how long it's been around. It was released in 1979.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000196	I hope so too. On another topic, do you know anything about the Bible?	I do actually. I know that is has sold over 5 billion copies now	That is a lot of books. I guess that is why is one of the most influential books in history	The Bible is a collection of sacred texts that Jews and Christians consider to be a product of divine inspiration.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000197	Hello, How are you? Do you like football?	Football? Yes, it is a great game! The world loves the football!	Yes, especially the US, the NFL. were you meaning the soccer game?	Yes, I love football. I am a big fan of the Seattle Sounders.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000198	Do you watch the NFL?	A little, you? I can't watch like i use to years ago so im not current.	Which of the 32 teams is your favorite?	I don't really have a favorite team, but I do like to watch the Super Bowl every year.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000199	I guess? They say Shakespeare's works take on a different meaning when performed with an era appropriate accent instead of a modern one. I think I'd like to watch and listen to one.	I would too. I wonder if he could play piano?	He may have, he seemed very talented. Can you play piano?	I don't think so, but I would love to learn how to play one day.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000200	I can't even imagine what it must have felt like to lose that badly. I think the game should have been stopped.	Yea that is a pretty appalling performance by Cumberland, there hasn't been a worse performance in over a 100 years	That's an interesting fact. What do you think about the team that painted the opposing teams locker room pink?	I don't think they did a very good job of painting it that way.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000201	It is 222-0 and it dates back to 1916 when Georgia Tech beat Cumberland	Yeah what a game really. Did you know ESPN won an Emmy once?	Yeah they won it for the superimposed yellow line and I am happy about that .	I didn't know that, but I'm glad they won. It's always nice to see an underdog win.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000202	222-0. I dont even see how that is possible. That one team must have been really bad.	Perhaps a combination of the winning team being just that good and the losing team being so bad	Ive seen some blow outs, but never by that much.	I know, right?  I was so shocked.  I don't know how they did it.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000203	I would think for sure Trump would be the wealthiest! Maybe Trump could make some pop albums while in office like the president in Indonesia did! haha, that would bring in more money! Then he could have concerts too! haha,	Maybe he can make it to the top 3 if he sold a decent amount of albums lol, it would be crazy and it is sure fun to imagine.	Wouldn't it! I wonder if the president ever goes to any Football games or goes to concerts, or rather have them come to him lol....I love concerts and have been to many but not any lately.	I would love to see him in concert, but I don't think he would be able to afford it.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000204	Yeah and won an award for it.	Do you like baseball? A married couple scheduled all the games up until 2005. In fact they scheduled 2430 games.	That is a lot of time dedicated to baseball lol I hope they got paid! It is nice when couples have a hobby that they are so passionate about though.	I do like baseball, but I'm more of a football fan.  I'm glad they were able to make it to the World Series!
DSTC10TOPICAL-000205	They did not use a Bible at their swearing-in ceremonies. I think they swore on the Constitution.	It interesting how the work apple came about	That is an interesting coincidence. The word "malus" means both apple and evil. So Eve actually ate evil.	I didn't know that, but it makes a lot of sense. The Bible is a collection of sacred texts.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000206	Wow. Do you like the nfl?	I sure do. Did you know Snoop Dog wrote a song for his son's team?	Cool. Did you know U of Iowa painted the visitor locker room pink?	I did not know that, but I do know that he was born and raised in New York City.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000207	That is crazy, then why does it take 3 hours? Seems like it should move along faster.	They must be going from snap to whistle but that still seems way low.	I agree with that, it must be all the commercials	I know, right? I was so irritated with the whole thing.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000208	Ya, I would say that from my experience that means that 40% of the music on a canadian radio is probably not very good haha	Right!! Are you interested in football history? I'm looking forward to the Super Bowl coming up. The original first NFL playoff game was way back in 1932.	That is wild, to be honest I kind of thought that playoff games happened earlier than that, I do know that the highest scoring football game was 222-0 although I don't remember what teams were playing	I am not a big fan of football, but I know that it is the most popular sport in the world.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000209	Oh for sure! Do you like science at all?	I do like science, I think that scientists make big contributions to society, they make human kind better and smarter.	Well said! Did you know the NFL has a coach who was a rocket scientist?	I didn't know that, but I do know that he was a member of the American Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000210	Yes I guess they also have longer careers to it adds up	True. Did you hear of that rule for Saints cheerleaders?	Yes they are not allowed to eat in the same place as the players	I did not know that, but it makes a lot of sense. Cheerleading is one of the most popular sports in the world.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000211	You never know I guess, time will tell. Did you hear about them using tracking chips on the players while in the field?	I knew they track he balls, but they track players too?	Yes it is in their shoulder pads and they are tracking stuff like velocity and rotation and such	I did not know that, but it makes sense that they would use something like that.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000212	Yes that was for the indian releases because they were afraid to insult them	Yeah. Do you like fiction work?	I do. Do you know who wrote the oldest example of a cyborg?	I'm not sure who wrote it, but I do know that it was published in 1929.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000213	Um, no, I don't. I don't know much about football. There are many teams in many places and many players with many faces.	Yeah that is true. Do you know how many teams are there?	There are probably 2 or 3 dozen that are good at football. Good enough to be professional.	I'm not sure how many there are, but I do know that the game is played on a rectangular field with a goal at each end.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000214	Yeah I think I have read about that rule, seems a bit outdated to me.	Yea, there is no way anyone would support that or they would be fighting for their rights	Agreed, did you know that there is NO rule on female players?	I didn't know that, but I do know that women have been fighting for equal rights for a long time.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000215	I would imagine that the graphics were very different between the 3 different versions.	Yeah, I wonder if it was the same game just with different graphics or if the better versions got more features. That would've confused the heck outta me, having 3 versions of the same game.	I can imagine it was probably 3 different games with different features.	Yeah, it was a lot different.  I think it was more like a mix of old school arcade games.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000216	yes, i dont really know golf and swimming well but they look like interesting activities.	Same here. I've heard that students at Cornell have to pass a basic swimming test before they can graduate.	i wonder where that came from. maybe other colleges require the same sort of things, i dunno.	I'm not sure, but I do know that swimming is one of the top public recreational activities in the US.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000217	yea that rule forbidding cheerleader from the same place as football players is outdated and sexist	I agree. Pretty funny that U of Iowa painted their visitor's locker room pink though	Yea, Iowa must be trying to psych out the visiting team with those pink locker rooms lol	Yeah, I don't understand why they would do that. I mean, it's not like they're going to get in trouble for it, right?
DSTC10TOPICAL-000218	No I haven't. How much can stars make?	Some make more than 100,000 per weekend!	Wow, pretty cool. Seems like it would be good to break up the routine as well.	I'm not sure how much they make, but I know it's a lot of money.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000219	That would be scary. When you turn 100 in Japan, the PM sends you a silver cup to celebrate.	Do a lot of people turn a 100 in Japan?	Apparently they do. They will need to start making cheaper silver cups lol.	I don't know about that, but I do know that in the United States we don't have the same kind of cups as they do in other countries.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000220	I like to watch football, yeah, not my favorite sport but its nice	Yeah I watch it from time to time too. DO you like Tom Brady?	He is the QB for the Patriots right? I guess he is a great player, I watched the last Super bowl and he threw an amazing pass	Yes, he is the quarterback for the patriots. He is very talented.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000221	it does i only know that the super bowl is in the first week of February.	They only rest one of the 17 weeks of the season.	Yes it's called a bye week. apparently the patriots fans have their own creed called in bill we trust.	That's true, but I'm not a big fan of the Patriots. I'm more of an Eagles fan.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000222	I do sometimes. Did you know you can catch Jupiter's storms on am radio	Wow cool. Among the most popular radio acts in the 30s was a ventriloquist	Hmm interesting. Have you ever heard of foxhole radio and what they are?	I've heard of it, but I've never actually listened to it. I know it's a radio program that plays music from the 60s and 70s.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000223	Oh I think I would have too haha. Maybe back when it was painted people cared less about football, like in the 1960s when even bowlers made more money.	Yeah I think that Bowlers made like twice as much as football stars actually, what do you think about ESPN winning an Emmy though? They want it back or creating the yellow line that you see in football for first	Oh I didn't know that! I think that's nice though, they certainly deserve recognition for it. I know Benjarvus Green-Ellis never fumbled the ball, I wonder if he got an award for it too.	I'm not sure, but I do know that Bowling is one of the most popular sports in the world.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000224	That is probably because they want to raise awareness of breast cancer. A lot of football players get breast cancer.	Maybe, I do not know the reason behind it. Bowlers seems made more money in the 60s than the football players	Bowlers probably were the ideal athletes back in the day and got respect for it. They never painted the lanes or the ball pink. Little breast cancer awareness.	That's a good point, I didn't think of it that way. Maybe it's because of the fact that the game is played on a rectangular field.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000225	i loved the movie. did you watch it?	No, but I guess I better watch the DVD. Is it time for woman's equality among the superheroes?	yeah. it was the highest grossing superhero origin movie?	I didn't see it either. I heard it was good though. It was directed by Steven Spielberg.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000226	Hello. Do you use Google much? A single Google search is so powerful!	I love Google, it is the #1 search engine, how about you	Yes I love it too. I mention that it was a powerful search engine. A single search requires more computing power than it took to send Neil Armstrong to the moon.	No, I don't use it much, but I do know that Google was founded in 1994.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000227	Oh my gosh, you are a wealth of knowledge. I love it	Bugs sure are interesting, to think they can be found in almost every environment!	I imagine that there is a vast amount of species of insects and bugs. I never would've realized that there are even bugs in the ocean.	Yes, there are a lot of different species of bugs.  There are over 6,000 species!
DSTC10TOPICAL-000228	I did not know that! I wonder how many have tried out for the NFL.	I don't think any have tried. It would have been big news.	Yeah. I wonder if it will ever happen.	I don't know, but it would be cool if it did. The NFL is the most popular professional sports league in the world.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000229	wow that is interesting. did you watch wonder woman?	I did, and it was a great movie! It's no wonder that it's the highest-grossing superhero movie	yeah and also the highest grossing WWI movie too	I haven't seen it yet, but I heard it was really good.  It was directed by Wes Craven.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000230	Yeah, kissing is kind of a weird concept though when you think about it. There is a contest where writers try to come up with the worst possible opening sentence to a novel. I wonder what it is.	Hmm, coming up with the worse opening line in a novel actually sounds quite challenging	Yeah, I'm betting some of them are pretty funny.	I know what you mean. Some of the best writers I've ever heard of were Stephen King and J.K. Rowling.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000231	Hi there, do you watch the NFL?	Yes, I like to watch nfl games, do you like the games also?	Yes me too. Did you know the U of Iowa visitor locker room is pink?	I did not know that, but I do know that the NFL is the most popular professional football league in the world.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000232	ahhh, sorry ;) I thought we're talking about a game where players use their feet to kick the ball :)	That'	That's football :)	Yes, that is what I am talking about. It is a team sport played on a rectangular field with a goal at each end.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000233	They really did here we are almost 50 years later and it is still going strong!	That's my childhood! It shocks me to see that the value of the Star Wars franchise is $65 billion!	And that makes it only the 5th highest grossing media franchise. I wonder what beat it?	I'm not sure, but I do know that the franchise has been around since 1977.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000234	They have certainly grown pretty fast. I love YouTube!	i do too! i also like google maps. Do you use that a lot?	For almost each trip I make when I don't know where it is, especially on out of town trips	Yes, I use it all the time. It's a great way to keep track of where I'm going.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000235	well they stuck to it it seems. Did you know U of Iowa painted the visitor locker room pink?	I think that has something to do with the breast cancer awareness movement or something.	I am not sure actually. I hope that is the reason. Did you know bowlers made more money than football players in the 60s?	I did not know that, but I do know that bowling is one of the most popular recreational activities in the world.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000236	Did you know that New Orleans Saints cheerleaders cannot eat in the same restaurant as a Saints player? They have to leave the place if the player comes in.	I recently seen this somewhere, and thought was outrageous.	I think it is outrageous too because what if the cheerleader is with her family? Does that mean the cheerleader has to immediately stop eating and leave?	I didn't know that, but it makes sense.  I think it's a good idea.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000237	I didn't, but that makes sense. I think they got an Emmy for it! Aren't the Emmy's for TV shows? That's so weird.	To them it is still a show I guess. In 1916 georgia tech won 222 to zero	What?! That's crazy. And since an average game is only 11 minutes in actual live gameplay, that's especially insane!	I know, right? It's crazy that it's been going on for so long.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000238	No, especially high school football. I find really boring. You?	Yeah I follow the NFL just a bit, but only my local team I would say.	I have to agree with the parents who don't want their children to play because of health concerns	I'm not a big fan of the NFL, but I do like to watch the Super Bowl every now and then.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000239	Women can play football? What does ESPN think of this? I suppose it doesn't effect their yellow line.	The game is really not that long, the average game is only 11 minutes of live gameplay	11 minutes is not that long a game, even for anyone to play!	I don't know much about the game, but I do know that it is a team sport played on a rectangular field with a goal at each end.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000240	I agree. Do you know where the button down is?	Yes that is the collar tips fasten to the body of the shirt. ANd button down?	Button down is when they do not fasten to the shirt	No, I don't know that. But I do know that it is a type of armour.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000241	Yeah. DO you like the NFL?	I love it. Did you know women can play in the NFL too?	Yes as there is no rule that prevents them from playing	I did not know that, but I do know that the NFL is one of the major professional sports leagues in the world.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000242	Hi, I watch occasionally. Most big games like Super Bowl.	I didn't watch the Super Bowl this year. The Patriots won again, right?	Yes they did. The coach Belichick is the winningest coach in NFL postseason football with 21 wins. 20 of those with the Pats.	Wow, that's a lot of winnings. I don't watch much football, but I do know that the Superbowl is one of the most watched sports in the world.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000243	Brady has to come crashing down eventually, with Belichick.	Yeah I would say that run is about over. It was a good one though. They dominated for a long time.	They were fun to watch before they were always expected to win	I agree, it was a great game to watch. Brady is one of the best quarterbacks in the history of the game.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000244	That shows how quickly things can change. Most pro football players don't have long careers. I wonder how much they make compared to other professions over their lifetime.	Well, I also read that average lifetime earnings of an engineer is higher than the average lifetime earnings of an average NFL player.	That's pretty interesting. Do you read the bible much or are you not religious?	I'm not very religious, but I do read the Bible from time to time.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000245	Yea I am more of a dog person. Haha yeah I would agree with you. All they do is sleep. At the age of 15 , a cat will have spent 10 of those years sleeping. So boring! !	How do cats always have good things happen to them though? I mean the stray cat found on set that was then in the Godfather is probably living the good life.	Yes I bet he is. Must be that whole 9 lives business. They can just relive until they get good fortune. Also quite surprising there are 70 cat breeds, seems like a lot to me.	There are so many different breeds of cats.  There are over seventy breeds recognized by various cat registries.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000246	From personal experience, I can confirm that football is religion in the south.	You having southern experience, did you know the New Orleans cheerleaders are forbidden from eating at a restaurant that a player is in? That's crazy, almost as crazy as the Rams robbing the Saints from being in the Super Bowl.	Yes, and if the cheerleaders are eating and the players come in the restaurant, the cheerleaders have to leave.	I did not know that, but I do know that the game is played on a rectangular field with a goal at each end.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000247	Well, that is awesome, I guess he did get what he wanted.	I guess? They say Shakespeare's works take on a different meaning when performed with an era appropriate accent instead of a modern one. I think I'd like to watch and listen to one.	I would too. I wonder if he could play piano?	I'm not sure, but I'm sure he could. He was a very talented man.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000248	Yeah I know but they got it after all. Do you know who Benjarvus Green-Ellis is?	Never heard of him. Is he famous? What does he do?	yeah he is a former QB who never fumbled the ball in his career	Yes, he is an American professional football player. He was drafted by the Philadelphia Eagles.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000249	Oh wow, I guess they had a lot of money back then. did you know the guest house is larger than the white house?	haha I didn't know that seems odd, also odd is the president of Zimbabwe's name is President Banana haha	yeah I wonder if that means something else in their language though	I did not know that, but I do know that it is the world's most visited tourist destination.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000250	Oh interesting. House is awesome because of Hugh Laurie. Makes sense he makes 700,000 per episode.	that was so much money per episode. He made the show awesome for sure!	Yes no doubt about that. He is the highest paid actor for any tv drama!	He really is. He was born in 1943, so he's been around for a while.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000251	I might look it up and tune in after this chat haha. How do you feel the president of the united states is doing?	I am surprised that he is not in the top 3 wealthiest presidents.	After inflation, I am surprised as well. He comes from a business background, so I was expecting him to be able to make much better decisions. It just goes to show you that politics are a much different beast than	I think he is doing a good job. He has done a lot of good for the economy.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000252	Yeah pretty neat. THe game only has 11 minutes of active play after all	Yeah that is short and we are glued to the tv for so long watching the game	Exactly. Did you know engineers make more than them over their lifetime?	I didn't know that, but it makes sense. The game is played on a rectangular field with a goal at each end.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000253	I have not. cold stars? i thought stars were hot.	I did too. But apparently there are stars in the known universe that are cold enough to be touched by the human hand.	i guess that could be interesting. i would rather mars. or the moon.	I would rather go to mars, I think it would be a lot cooler there.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000254	I don't think I've seen any of those.	ok cool.	Have you watched any of them?	Yes, I have seen all of them.  They are so good.  I can't wait for the next one.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000255	I don't know what year it was, just that they were the first team to win back to back World Series and they haven't won since.	The World Series is popular in the US, but not around the world. In fact, the women's world cup gets a bigger TV audience. Maybe if they allowed women in the MLB, things would change.	Yes, who knows!	The Women's World Cup is held every four years in South America and Asia.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000256	I liked to play with my dad when I was younger, but don't keep much up with it now. I like football and other sports more. How about you?	I played more when I was younger and had more free time. I'm a bigger football fan. Did you know that the University of Iowa had their visitors locker room painted pink? Must have been to mess with opponents minds.	Yeah, but seems a little sexist, frankly. It's a pretty sexist industry of a whole, despite technically allowing women to play.	I did not know that, but I can see why that would be a controversial topic.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000257	Hi, how are you?	I'm doing good, how about yourself?	I am well, thanks! Do you watch the olympics?	I don't watch the Olympic games, but I do watch the World Cup every 4 years.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000258	At my age, I prefer to play baseball, but prefer to watch football. You?	I don't play either anymore haha although I'm not that old. I like to watch football a little bit more but they run during different seasons so I can watch both.	You know, back in the 1960s, bowlers would make more money than football players. Now that is a sport I cannot understand why people would watch rather than play.	Baseball is the most popular sport in the world, so it makes sense that it would be more popular.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000259	Hello, do you like the movie Batman?	I sure do. Do you know what is was originally based on?	I do not know what , what? There were also plans to build a gotham city theme park	I love that movie! It was based on a comic book series called "Batman: The Animated Series".
DSTC10TOPICAL-000260	Hello, do you like Walt Disney?	I like Disney! How about you!	I do as well. Did you know Minnie Mouse's name is short for Minerva Mouse?	I did not know that, but I do know that it was created in 1953.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000261	I sure do. How about yourself?	Me too. Did you know women can play in the NFL too?	Did not know there, are there limitations though?	I did not know that, but I do know that the NFL is the most popular professional football league in the world.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000262	I have never heard of that and I don't think I'll want to visit any time soon. I do want to watch a live football game some time though, have you ever been to one?	ya it was a long time ago, I personally only like games on tv, much cheaper and easier to see, I'm glad espn invented the yellow first down line on tv haha	Yeah and they even won an emmy or some type of award for it, I wonder what category that invention for that award falls under.	I've never been to a live game, but I've seen a few on TV. I think it was the Superbowl.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000263	Yeah I guess. Good for them for playing till the end. ESPN won an award once, an Emmy, do you know what for? It is related to football?	I heard about this, they won the emmy for creating the virtual yellow line on the field, right? !	Yeah that was it. Apparently bowlers made more money than football players back in the 60s	I'm not sure, but I do know that the game was invented in England in the late 19th century.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000264	I am really not that into football but I do follow it some. I heard something funny one time. That the university of iowa's visiting locker room is painted completely pink	Yeah I wonder what the reasoning behind that was. Did you know women can play too?	Wow I didn't know that. I saw that an average nfl game has only 11 minutes of actual play time	I did not know that, but I did know that the NFL is the most popular sport in the world.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000265	We always watch the Superbowl, will have a couple people over but nothing big. I am rooting for the Patriots though!	haha me too, do you like Michael Caine? I guess he only got into acting to chase cute girls haha	Haha, that's funny! He made the right choice to get into drama! I like Jim Carrey in Drama films but he won't do drama anymore. Love his comedy too though.	I do like him! He was great in The Truman Show and Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000266	Cool. Brady was a backup QB in high school and was never started	wow they wasted a good chance to win some games there	Yeah. Do you know Alex Smith completed college in two years?	I did not know that, but I do know he was drafted by the New England Patriots.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000267	Maybe he can sell it for a profit later on, and use his celebrity status to up the price. Are you a fan of the Star Wars films?	yeah that is possible. that will still not be enough to lift the ban that the city of paris put on him	Paris banned Tom Cruise? Why?	I'm not a big fan, but I do know that he's been criticized for it.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000268	Somewhat, I know he's a rapper and was in Degrassi	Nice. He graduated high school at the age of 25 in 2012. He must have quit and went back?	I guess so, most people graduate college before 25, not high school like Drake	I'm not sure if he went back to college or not, but I do know that he dropped out of high school to pursue his rap career.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000269	Yeah, all the miracles and resurrection. Up until 1963 the Bible was a required read in elementary education	Not surprising. I'm glad they took that out though. I don't think religion should be forced on kids.	Me too, it is a choice. The Biblical tower of Babel seem to be based on a real building that exists today	The Bible is a collection of sacred texts written by many different authors.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000270	I see. do you know that the highest score ever in a football game occurred in 1916, and the score was 222-0	Yes, I had heard that before! I wonder how much money football players made in that time. I heard that in the 1960s it was only half as much as popular bowlers of the time.	Yeah, that fact surprised me a lot.	I did not know that, but I do know that it is the most popular sport in the world.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000271	What do you think about the dodo bird? I'm kind of sad that it is extinct but at least it is related to pigeons	I would love to of seen a real dodo, they look much cooler than pigeons	Yep I agree. It's crazy to me that bird bones are actually Hollow and weigh less than their feathers	I think they're pretty cool, but I don't think I'd want one as a pet.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000272	Yes, and that James Cameron decided to quit his truck driving job to enter the film industry after watching Star Wars?	Talk about a good career move that would pay off down the road! Marcia Lucas was the reason for some major changes to the original movie and won an academy award for editing the film.	Another fun fact that I learned is that there's a toy Hans Solo in every Firefly episode. I loved Firefly too!	I didn't know that, but I do know that the first film was released in 1997.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000273	Yeah, that is pretty crazy. Did you know an iphone has more computing power than the entire US Nuclear ICBM deterrent.	Isn't that crazy? I didn't know that. Unicef will donate a day of clean water to a child in need for every minute you don't use your cell phone. Sign me up. lol	Interesting. Did you know that Jupiter has radio storms that can be heard on AM radio here?	I did not know that, but I do know that the iphone is one of the most popular smartphones in the world.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000274	That's a ton of animals! There is a lawyer in Switzerland who represents animals in court.	Power to the animals! Germany also protects them as they were the first country to universally give animals constitutional rights!	That's hilarious! There's a jellyfish that can live forever.	I didn't know that, but it makes a lot of sense. Animals are very important to us.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000275	Wow he must have really liked comedy then and I guess he did pretty well so no regrets there	Exactly. Have you heard of bromantic comedies?	Hmm I am not sure what those are, are they a special kind of comedy?	Yes, they are comedy shows that are set in the late 1960s and early 1970s.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000276	Wow that is amazing. Do you know who Brian May is?	Yes the lead guitarist of the Queen who is also a genius scientist	He sure is, with a degree in astrophysics and a PhD at that, that is impressive	No, I don't know who he is, but I do know he was born in 1942.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000277	Hello. Are you a fan of jazz?	I like to listen to it live	Neat! Jazz originated in New Orleans.	I am not a big fan, but I know it has roots in African-American music.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000278	Yeah seems like a really long time, 17 weeks, do you have a favorite team? mine is in the AFC division or American Football Conference	Nice I do not have a favorite team I just watch the games. DO you know who Benjarvus Green-Ellis is?	He used to play for the Patriots right? yeah I know who he is, why do you ask?	I don't know much about him, but I do know he was drafted by the Seattle Seahawks.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000279	I find it unlikely. What is his new book about?	its basically his strategy for how he became successful, I think its worth a read, can't believe hes 40 and is tied for the superbowl record	That is pretty amazing. Are you a fan of football?	Yes, I am a big fan of the Patriots. They are my favorite team in the National Football League.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000280	Im not sure, but in 2005 they could have bought Facebook. I think they would be more relevant if they had taken them up on the offer.	Oh, for sure.	Now almost everyone I know who is 13 years older (and a few who lie about it) are on Facebook.	That's true, but it's hard to believe that Facebook was founded in 2006.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000281	I am, I like college and NFL. What about you?	I am. Did you know the highest score was 222-0?	Yeah, didn't Georgia Tech beat Cumberland that bad?	I did not know that, but I am a big fan of the Dallas Cowboys.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000282	Cheerleaders seem to distract players. It's best to avoid it	Don't you see this as a little sexist a rule that only the cheerleaders have to abide for ?	I think it's best not to have players distracted.	I think so too, but it's hard not to be a part of it sometimes.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000283	Well, I think it is radio storms that are so strong that they can be picked up and heard on the AM radio.	Interesting, have you heard them?	No, I've never heard anything like that. I did hear, though, that there's a website where you can listen to thousands of episodes of classic radio dramas for free although I never had the pleasure of doing so.	I haven't heard of it, but I'll have to check it out.  I love listening to the radio.  It's one of my favorite things to do.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000284	I don't know, I probably would check it out, for the sake of the game. Not sure I would enjoy as much. I think its too rough for women. But should be allowed to play.	Yeah I don't know how that would go, but they should be allowed if they are good enough, I'm an engineer and I guess I make more in my lifetime than an average NFL player makes, cool!	lol, really. Oh yeah, the average lifetime earning is higher than the average NFL player!	That's true, but I'm not sure I'd want to be a professional football player.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000285	Yeah he was pretty amazing. Apparently bowlers made more than football players back in the 60s	They did? well football want a popular sport back then, at least not as popular as it is now so it does make sense, I dont see a bowler making more money than a pro football player now	Yeah things have really changed now. On another topic, do you know much about the Bible?	I know a little bit about it. I know it's a collection of sacred texts written by many different authors.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000286	I love watching football too. Did you know the NFL has no written rule against females playing?	I always wondered that! why arent there any players you think?	I'm not too sure on that one. The average NFL game only has 11 minutes of live gameplay.	I didn't know that, but it makes sense. The game is played on a rectangular field with nine players on each side.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000287	Oh I definitely didn't watch that! Everyone knows Babe Ruth though and he was once America's most popular golfer!	Wow. Didn't know that. Antarctica has a disc golf course	Oh that would be a cold course! A golf course in Dubai requires 4 million gallons of water!	Wow, that's a lot of water.  I didn't realize it was that big.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000288	I listen to FM usually and yes, mystery can do some amazing things	I know. IN the AM radio you can get Jupiter's storms	WOw nice. The most popular act on the radio in the 30s was the ventriloquist	I love that show! It was on NBC from 1964 to 1978.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000289	He has a nobel prize in literature.	Oh that is interesting since those are usually considered to be associated with peace.	yeah. I hear if you publish a book in Norway the government buys 1000 to donate to libraries.	I didn't know that, but it makes a lot of sense. He's a great writer.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000290	Yeah for the superimposed yellow line, pretty cool	It is for sure. Do you know much about the Bible?	Not a ton but I know that it has sold over 5 billion copies Wow	The Bible is a collection of sacred texts written by many different authors.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000291	Do you like watching football?	I love watching it! How about you?	I love it also! Do you have a favorite college and NFL team?	I don't really watch much football, but I do like to watch the Super Bowl every year.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000292	I am sure it would be, would likely throw everyone off. I wonder how many there have been in history.	I am not sure. I know there was one famous deaf quarterback - the huddle was invented for him so the other teams could not read his signs	It is truly amazing what people come up with that they intend to just help them that turn out to be iconic.	That is true. It is amazing that he was able to create such a complex interaction with the human body.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000293	I do. I am getting ready to watch the playoff games	for sure, who you rooting for? Saints?	Absolutely and the Patriots.	I am not a big football fan, but I am a fan of the Seattle Seahawks.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000294	Yes! Why on earth would that be a rule? Do you think its a superstition thing? Makes no sense.	It certainly does not. The worst part about it is that they have to leave mid meal if a player walks in. Weird	Yeah, that is odd to say the least. So, the NFL uses tracking chips on the players during the game?	I don't think it's a rule, but I'm not sure why they do it.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000295	Him among some others like green ellis	Benjarvus is a legend, the guy never fumbled the ball in his career	Indeed	Green Ellis is one of my favorite flowers. It's a perennial flowering plant.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000296	I wonder if he likes jazz?	He might, jazz is a genre that has influence a lot of people so who knows, theres even a programming language that is influenced by jazz	It is seen as america's classical music. I love jazz.	Jazz was developed in the United States in the late 1920s and early 1950s.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000297	I do not know about the rules but it would be fair that they play too I guess. Did you hear about tracking chips on the players now?	I have heard. They are made probably by engineers that will make more money than the players who wear them will	Yeah, I would not be surprised. They track everything though from velocity to location and everything in between	I didn't know that, but it makes sense that they would be able to track them that way.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000298	He was in the league a long time. At least he gave the game everything he had	I didnt' think he was all that of a QB but his teammates really took to him right away	He was a true professional.	Yes, he was a very talented player. I'm glad he made it to the playoffs.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000299	I'm not surprised. A lot of commercial. Just a lot. It's really annoying.	You are right about that. But I suppose women would be better off financially by entering the engineering field since engineers make more than the average lifetime earnings of both MLB and NFL players. Which is surprising to me!	I'm sure a lot of money go to TV, owners of teams, etc. Just not fair for players! Did you know that the highest score in a football game was 222-0. Can you believe?	I did not know that, but I do know that it is the most popular sport in the world.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000300	Nice. The guy who played Jarvis in Iron Man has never seen the films	Cool. DO you know who is the waitress that Captain America saves in the Avengers movie?	I have no idea, is it someone we have seen elsewhere too?	No, I don't know who that is, but I do know that the movie is based on a comic book.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000301	So Thomas jefferson did not believe in miracles and the resurrection.	A lot of people don't. Maybe Brady should be given a copy of his bible.	Yes because the bible is the best selling book ever.	I don't know much about the Bible, but I do know that Jesus is the Son of God and was born in Bethlehem, Massachusetts.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000302	Well in 1972 Deep Purple broke the world record for loudest concert ever. Apparently some of the audience was rendered unconscious.	I can't even imagine how scary that must have been!	I wonder if it is due to the fact that they blew their ears out?	I'm not sure, but I do know that the band was formed in Los Angeles, California.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000303	I'm doing well! Are you a fan of football?	Yes I love football. Do you have sirius radio?	I did for a little bit but not anymore? Do you?	I used to listen to Sirius all the time when I was a kid. I haven't listened to it in a while.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000304	I love it. DO you know what color is the U of Iowa visitor locker room?	Yes it is pink but I wonder why that is	Me too. Bowlers made more than football players in the 60s	I do not know, but I do know that it is one of the most popular sports in the world.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000305	Cool. They definitely have done so many things that I hadn't realized either. I didn't realize they had tried several small niche businesses as well.	It is only the third most profitable company in Japan too. I wonder what the first two are.	Wow! I'd like to know as well considering Nintendo has such a large cash reserve that it could lose so much money and not bankrupt for a long while.	I know, right? They have been around since 1989, so they must be doing something right.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000306	The guy is the man. Can you guess his favorite ice cream kind?	I think it is avocado is it not? I mean it makes sense	It sure does , the guy is very health conscious and watches what he eats	I'm not sure what kind of ice cream it is, but I'm sure it's good.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000307	that is a good point, lol. Did you hear about the tracking chips they use in shoulder pads?	Something along those lines, it tracks there speed or something?	Yea it tracks all their movement and other data. pretty interesting! They must have been created by engineers making the big bucks	I didn't know that, but I do know that they have been around since the late 19th century.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000308	Do you like football?	I like the NFL, but I think 16 games is not enough to build rivalries.	Yes, i completely agree! What do you think would be a good number of games for an NFL team to play in a season?	I think it would depend on how many games you want to play.  There are 32 teams in the National Football League.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000309	I see, well I don't know much about soccer but I am interested in odd facts about sports. Did you know there is a college football team that has painted their visiting teams locker pink?	I would guess that has something to do with breast cancer awareness. I know that many football players suffer from breast cancer in the later years.	I never thought of it that way, that's an interesting perspective. Tell me why you like soccer.	I like it because it's fast-paced and physical. I also like that it's played on a rectangular field.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000310	I mean a man used the library to prove his innocence and become a lawyer while falsely imprisoned	How great is that! So important. The library of Alexandria had a unique way of gathering books by making all ships visiting surrender their books for copy .	They must have had a impressive collection	That's so cool! I didn't know that. I wonder if they had a lot of historical documents.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000311	I know that the russians built a computer powered by water back in 1930s.	I wonder how that worked? They must have used the water to generate a power source. I didn't even know they had computers back then. lol	There were mechanical computers before that. computers are an old idea. someone built one in minecraft even!	Yes, they did.  It's amazing how far we've come since then.  Computers have come a long way since then!
DSTC10TOPICAL-000312	Hello! Did you know professional ballet dancers can go through 4 pairs of shoes in a week?	That is a lot of shoes and money too. There are 17 ways to tie your shoes too	And I only know one way! 5000 year old shoes perform better than modern shoes. Go figure.	I did not know that, but I do know that ballet is a form of dance that originated in the Italian Renaissance in the 15th century.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000313	I love superhero movies. I loved the batman trilogy. How about you?	I do! I watch them with my kids, they are in love with Batman haha	That is great! I like superman too, especially in films, did you like the new justice league movie?	I haven't seen it yet, but I'm looking forward to it. I'm a big fan of Batman.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000314	I know that it has sold over 5 billion copies. Amazing record there	Yes and that is exactly why it is known as one of the most influential books in the world	Yup. Did you know Jefferson created his own version of the Bible?	I did not know that, but I do know that the New Testament is a collection of writings by early Christians.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000315	I agree. Bowlers probably don't make a whole lot these days.	No not these days, but I still think it would be pretty sweet to make a living throwing those balls around, lots of women too lol.	That would be pretty awesome. Gotta love the attention too. lol	I agree, I would love to go to a bowling alley and watch a game.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000316	Yeah exactly. Have you ever been to that football stadium in Texas that can seat 18 000 people?	No I never been to Texas yet but that's pretty crazy	Yeah it is right? And it cost $60 million and on top of all , it is just a high school stadium	No, I haven't, but I would love to go to one of their stadiums.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000317	I read an article about it. I cannot imagine a football game without the yellow line.	yeah that definitely helps. I saw that former patriots RB Benjarvus Green-Ellis has never fumbled the football in his nfl career	Yes, isn't that amazing? I do not know any other football players who have never fumbled the football.	I can't believe he's been around for so long. He's been in the league since 1976.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000318	Wow that's impressive! Also impressive is the one Patriots player who has never dropped the ball, I think his name is BenJarvus Green-Ellis	That's amazing. Also amazing is QB Brad Johnson who threw a TD to himself in a Superbowl.	Yes I want to watch that score! It sounds incredible what do you think about a deaf quarterback creating the circular huddle?	I don't know much about Deaf players, but I do know that he is the youngest MVP of all time.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000319	Not everyone does though. Burger King had a promotions that you got a free whopper if you unfriend 10 people. I wonder what inspired that.	I think that Burger King was just looking for media attention which they got.	I imagine that Myspace regrets turning down and offer to buy Facebook for $75 million.	Wow, that's a lot of money. I don't think I could ever do that!
DSTC10TOPICAL-000320	Yes I do. I watched college and NFL football games.	Who is your favorite NFL team?	49ers since I used to live in the Bay area. I lived there for 30 years.	My favorite team is the Seattle Seahawks. Do you like any other sports?
DSTC10TOPICAL-000321	I guess not everyone makes it big. I hope a lady makes it big someday. It can be difficult with gender roles especially when on the NFL Saints team cheerleaders must leave a restaurant if another NFL player walks into	That's ridiculous! I see a lot of sports posts on facebook. I can't believe the site is 15 years old already!	If Myspace had been smart they would have bought facebook for $75 million that they were offered in 2005!	I know, right? It's crazy how much money they have made off of it.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000322	Did you know that Disney owns ABC as well as ESPN?	I did. Do you watch football?	Yes I do, I am a contributor to the number one ranking for viewership of Sunday Night Football. Do you?	I don't watch much football, but I do know that it is one of the most popular sports in the world.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000323	17 weeks if im not mistaken. then the playoffs	Yes you are right. Do you know the highest score ever in a football game?	Wow not sure i would imagine it's pretty high. Was it a college or professional game?	I think it was a college game, but I'm not 100% sure. I do know that the team that scores the most points at the end of the game wins.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000324	Hello, do you watch the NFL?	Hi! I do! I'm shocked that out of the whole 3 hours of game on tv only 11 minutes is actually live gameplay!	Yeah that is pretty crazy. DO you have a favorite player or team?	I love the Seattle Seahawks. They are my favorite team in the National Football League.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000325	I guess not. I do find it interesting that malus in latin means both apple and evil. That would makes things a little confusing in the bible.	Yeah I think so too. Did you know that people think that the Tower of Babel might actually still exist?	Yea, I guess it is the etemenanki in modern day Iraq.	I did not know that. I thought it was in the Bible as well.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000326	My son is not into sport, were he I'd have serious reservations about him playing football for that reason. I know there the fame that can go with it but an engineer is going to make more money than most	Yeah, and they have better working conditions, less injuries, it is a quite violent sport.	I understand that there are no rules against women playing in the NFL, difficult to see it happening.	I understand that. I'm not a big fan of watching it myself, but I can see how it would be a lot of fun to watch.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000327	Yeah that is pretty short, crazy. Do you know what the highest score in a game was?	no I am not sure. I read that the average lifetime earnings of an engineer is more than nfl player	Yeah I guess that makes sense since engineers work longer. The game score was 222-0	I don't know the exact number, but I do know that it was tied up at the end of the game.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000328	Hi. Do you like sports?	Hi, I do like football as in NFL football, although I am a fan of association football as well.	Me too. I like the NFL but I do also watch other leagues of football as well on occasion. Did you hear that Winston Churchill High is doing very well?	I didn't know that. I'm not a big fan of football, but I'm glad to hear he's doing well.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000329	Hi, do you like literature?	Somewhat. I know that the FDA burned 6 tons of it in an act of censorship.	That's pretty crazy. I saw there is an annual literature contest that challenges writers to come up with the worst possible opening sentence to a novel.	I do like reading, but I've never heard of that. What is it about?
DSTC10TOPICAL-000330	I have read parts of it. I dont read it very often and I have never read it word for word.	I think that it is a very popular book. Many people have read it and tried to understand its secrets.	I dont know. I dont always take it really literally. I mainly use it as a good set of rules to live by to be a good person.	That's a good way to look at it. It's interesting that it was written in 1859.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000331	Marcia Lucas did a great job making changes to George's original scripts and made the movies better	Yes you are right, I wasn't familiar with Marcia Lucas as I was with George Lucas.	I wonder how much money she made since George got to keep the licensing and merchandising rights of Star Wars	I'm not sure how much she made, but I do know that she was one of the most influential directors of all time.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000332	it doesn't list his average, it just says he hasn't been in a single movie with a fresh rating	oh man, thats sad for him. I like his movies usually	i don't recall too many of his movies, i've seen a couple and they are alright. i did like him in that 70s show!	Yeah, he was great in that movie.  It's a shame he didn't make it to the Oscar Award for Best Actor in a Leading Role.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000333	He's the guy that fumbled every ball he ever touched.	Yeah what a career for him. Did you know NFL is sing tracking chips on the players now?	The NFL is singing tracking chips? I did not know that.	I didn't know that either, but I do know that the game is played on a rectangular field.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000334	Yeah the really sexist rule? it sounds really unfair, that rule should be banned and the cheerleaders should sue the team for that	I think so too. The worst part in my opinion is the fact that they have to leave mid meal if players walk in	Thats a terrible rule, I hope they change it in the near future, its humiliating actually,	I agree, it's not fair for them to have to go through that. I don't know what I would do if that happened to me.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000335	Yeah, same here. Roosevelt and Quincy did not believe in it much either so they did not use it when they swore in	I don't think it should ever be used. How about you?	Yeah I agree, religion is a preference. Going back to football, did you know there are only 1 minutes of active game play in it?	I did not know that, but I do know that the game is played on a rectangular field.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000336	No but I did see a video of Kayne giving his mic to a fan in a wheel chair before	That was pretty cool of him to do that. Sometimes he has some different views on things. Like for example he believes that aids is a man-made disease.	Maybe Big Sean can explain that to him since he had a 3.7 gpa before signing with Kayne	That's interesting. I didn't know he was a big believer in that sort of thing.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000337	Yes, I do. And, I believe that the Bible is an intricate inspiration from God to us humans here on earth. How about you, do you believe it's really from God?	I do not know. I have not read the Bible. I know that the person that wrote it probably made money on it.	I'm not sure about that but everyone has the choice to believe whatever they want to believe. All I know is that it's estimated that it has sold over 5 billion copies and is the best-selling book every written.	I don't know much about the bible, but I do know that it is a collection of sacred texts.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000338	I would love to hear that and the style they use! Do you think Abe Lincoln liked jazz?	I don't know, he did have a high pitch voice	So he would have liked other music, I never knew that. I know he was in the wrestling hall of fame, that is a good honor	I'm not sure, but I do know that Jazz was developed in New Orleans.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000339	Actually if you turn it to am you can catch Jupiter's storms	Those are some strong storms! Considering how many artists are from Canada, I wouldn't mind tuning into stations that have to play at least 40% Canadian music by law	Yes very true. do you know how soldiers used to make radios during WWII?	I do not know much about radios, but I do know that radios were invented during the Industrial Revolution.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000340	Do you like football?	I do. I played in HS and I'm a Chiefs fan... I actually like college better than the NFL.	Nice. I'm not too into football, I guess because each game has only on average 11 minutes of live gameplay.	I do like football, but I don't watch it as much as I used to.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000341	I know that has certainly changed. And even now though engineers make more money over their lifetime.	Georgia tech beat Cumberland 222-0 back in 1916. What color do you think their visiting locker was?	Well, maybe it was something worse than pink. That is a huge defeat, wow. Did you hear about that strange rule for the New Orleans cheerleaders?	I didn't know that, but it makes sense. I'm not sure what color it was.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000342	Yeah and they have to leave mid meal. That rule is sexist and has to go	Agreed on that. Do you know much about the Bible?	I know that is it one of the most influential books and has sold over 5 billion copies	I know a little bit about it. I know it's a collection of sacred texts.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000343	Hi, how are you?	Good, and you? I haven't seen any superhero movies in a long time, but I think I saw a brief portion of Iron Man once on a TV that was going at my job.	Really! I feel like all the movies coming out now, like 25% are super hero movies. Do you not enjoy them?	I do enjoy them, but not as much as I used to when I was a kid.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000344	If you want a job that makes more in a lifetime than an average nfl player or mlb player you can become an engineer	I saw that, it is probably because there a bunch of players that last only a year or so. I'm not surprised, engineers make a lot of money.	If you were a bowler in the 1960's you could have made twice as much as top football stars too.	That's a good point, I didn't think of it that way. I guess it's just a matter of time.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000345	That is pretty neat. I bet it is pretty diverse.	Yeah. They must have comics from all over the world	Probably a lot of older comics too. That would be neat to see the development of comics.	Yeah, it's really cool to see how they've evolved over the years. It's amazing how far comics have come.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000346	Yes I agree. I would like to know more about that. Up until 1805 the runner up automatically became the vice president. Kind of makes sense but it would never work now!	NO it would not. The parties hate each other too much for that to ever work	I wish they didn't. Just so much more productive to work together. I wonder who has stayed in the presidents guest house? It is actually bigger than the White House.	I'm not sure, but I do know that the presidency has changed a lot since it was founded in 1791.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000347	He could have had some unusual moves. LOL	The ability to moon walk!	Or to lean way back or forward. LOL	I know, right?  I was like, "Well, at least he didn't do it on purpose.  He just did it out of the blue.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000348	Oh that is interesting since those are usually considered to be associated with peace.	yeah. I hear if you publish a book in Norway the government buys 1000 to donate to libraries.	That sounds pretty generous!	That's a great idea! I'll have to look into that. I'm sure they would appreciate it.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000349	If you fly to mars under constant 1g acceleration it will only take 2 or 3 days. I thought it took a lot longer.	Me too! Movies make them seem longer, but they might be going much much slower for airtime lol.	That is true. Have you heard about the lost satellite on mars?	No, I haven't heard of that. What is it? I know that Mars has a thin atmosphere, but I don't know much about it.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000350	Bye!	The president is the title given to the head of the government.	That's true I think it's called different things in different places though right?	Yes, it is called the "Presidential District of the United States"
DSTC10TOPICAL-000351	I'm doing good too. Glad it's Friday. I watch both baseball and football. What about you?	Me too, but I guess in my childhood and college years I was watching much often. I didn't know that 14 of the world's 25 largest stadiums belong to American college football teams. Did you know that?	I did not know that. The University of Iowa's lock room for visiting teams is painted in all pink.	I did know that, but didn't realize it was the same as I thought it would be.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000352	Yes as long as they meet the league's eligibility requirements they can play! I would like to see a girl play.	They cannot eat in the same place as the players, at least the Saints cheerleaders.	That is a weird rule. How did they enforce the rules of the cheerleaders being required to leave?	I'm not sure, but I do know that they are required to wear a uniform.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000353	Who isn't?	I think some of the newer movies are redundant to be honest.	Really? Like which ones?	I don't know, I just don't want to see any of the new ones.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000354	Yeah and they have cancelled 100 shows since they came to be in 1989	I guess that is not a lot considering how long they have been around	That is true actually. Do you know the programming language Python?	No, I don't, but I do know that they are an American television production company.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000355	I mean I don't think kids should play past midnight but to make it a law is ridiculous	Yeah, that is pretty absurd. Did you know nintendo produced a lego knock off?	No, I did know they made playing cards though	I did not know that, but I do know that the company was founded in 1948.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000356	Nice, that's what I do. Did you know there is only 11 minutes of gameplay per game?	Wow, it seems like a lot more but it is a pretty slow game. That sounds like an awfully small amount of time. Kinda like it's hard to believe that an engineer makes more money in their lifetime than an	Yeah, for sure, they stand around a real lot.	I didn't know that, but it makes a lot of sense. They have to know how to make sure everything is running smoothly.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000357	Fans also felt though that in previous movies Hawkeye has not been given justice.	True, I heard that too. I can't say because I havent seen the movie. But I do enjoy the Marvel Comic films.	Yeah, I like the Marvel Comics series that they have on Netflix.	I haven't seen it either, but I've heard good things about it. Do you think it's worth watching?
DSTC10TOPICAL-000358	Hi. How are you?	I'm doing well how are you! ?	I am good too.	I am doing well, thank you. What do you like to do in your spare time?
DSTC10TOPICAL-000359	What? That is a strange fact. I guess she had a chance to do the voice work. She is a celebrity, after all.	Did you ever play tennis? serena has been playing since she was 13, which is about when I started playing, but she's obviously way better LOL	I assumed that she started sooner. She must have picked it up quick. I didn't real play. Anyway, great chat! Thanks!	I did play a little bit when I was younger, but I wasn't very good at it.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000360	I have a passing knowledge of football and watch it occasionally as well	What teams do you like	I like the new England patriots. They are like the Lannisters of football	The New England Patriots are an American football team based in New England. I like them too.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000361	Hi! Yes, I really enjoy watching football, both collegiate and professional. Do you?	Yes, me too. I didn't know that the highest score in a football was 222-0 and it happened in 1916. Did you know that?	That's insane! Either the team was really good or the other team was really good. Or maybe they were on strike about their pay since it seems like they don't make a lot.	I did not know that either! I did know that it is the most popular sport in the world though.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000362	If I were on the losing side I think I would have given up playing. Maybe they could have turned to the bible.	Maybe. At least Cumberland probably didn't have a pink locker room like that of U. of Iowa. In 1916, they probably didn't have a locker room at all.	I don't think they went in for those silly games back then, probably more respectful to the other team.	That's a good point, I didn't even think of that. I'm sure they did have one though.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000363	Hi there, do you watch the NFL?	Hi! Yes I do sometimes. What's your favorite team?	I think the Patriots, I like them best. One of their former QB never fumbled a ball in his career. How about you?	I like the Seattle Seahawks. They are my favorite team in the National Football League.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000364	Hello, are you by any chance a fan of the New England Patriots football team?	I know some about them. Mostly stuff about Tom Brady	Great. What do you think of his record as a QB?	I am not a big football fan, but I know he is one of the best quarterbacks of all time.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000365	That's interesting, and kind of interesting thing NOT to do regularly.	I don't know how many Navajo fans there are. George never won an Oscar though.	that's sad considering how amazing his movies were	I know, I was so sad when he died. He was such a talented singer and songwriter.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000366	Yes, she is a talented actress. I bet she did a great job. Anyway, thanks for the chat.	It has a solid cast overall. Hope you get to catch it some time.	Have a good day! Talk to you soon, Im sure.	Thank you so much. I hope you have a great day as well. I will try to catch up soon.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000367	I'm sure if they do they will have tracking chips on their shoulder pads like they do now so they can record every move on the field.	That seems bit invasive but I guess all kinds of stats are taken out of those chips	Yes. They even have chips in the footballs to track velocity, etc. Getting a little too technical I think for a sport.	Yeah, I agree. I think it would be cool if they did that, but I don't think I could do it.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000368	Hello, do you like Disney?	Yes, I do like Disney. They have done many great films and have some great theme parks.	Do you know the original Disney is in California and not Florida?	I do know that Disney is a subsidiary of Walt Disney Studios.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000369	Hi. Do you watch football?	yes well I did watch the superbowl but I don't watch it regularly no, what about you	Sometimes, but not every week. I would get bored watching for 17 weeks straight during the regular season and then the playoffs and Super Bowl.	I watch the Superbowl every year. I love the commercials and all the hype surrounding it.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000370	Right. Did you know the guest house is larger than the white house	Yeah that is pretty cool, they must get a lot of people there so maybe that is why	Yeah. Have you heard the president of Indonesia is a pop star?	I didn't know that, but I do know that it is the most populous country in Asia.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000371	That was the culture then. People loved bowling. Oh, I was born at the wrong time.	Yeah it seems it was the case back then. DO you know what the highest score in college football is?	The highest score means little to me unless I could win money. What was it though?	I don't know the exact number, but I do know that the game was invented in the late 19th century.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000372	I'm not sure. Who was it?	It was Georgia tech who scored 222 against Cumberland 0	Holy smokes! I bet that was a long game for Cumberland. In the 1960's bowlers made twice as much as the top football stars.	Yes, it was.  It was a great game.  I was so happy for him.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000373	hi there, do you watch the NFL?	I sure do. Do you have a favorite team or player?	I sure do. I love the Patriot and Tom is amazing. Do you have one?	I don't really follow the NFL, but I do watch the Super Bowl every year.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000374	Yeah I think the highest paid people in most states are college coaches.	Not sure how I feel about that. I have to send two kids through college one day, with the high cost of college I'm not sure I want a portion going to the football coach.	Yeah its pretty crazy to me just how much it costs to attend college these days.	Yeah, it's crazy how much college costs these days, especially if you want to go to a good school.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000375	Absolutely. It's the next on my list.	Have you watched any of the other Marvel movies?	I'm not normally much of a comics or superhero person. Have you?	Yes, I've seen all of them. I'm a big fan of the Marvel Cinematic Universe.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000376	Interesting, have you ever seen house?	I have seen it, great drama tv series	Apparently Hugh Laurie was making $700k an episode! !	No, I haven't. I've heard it's a good show though. I'll have to check it out.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000377	I bet you they do it for both. They need to track lots of stats like velocity and rotation and such and they will likely need the averages of those	We live in amazing times. I can see where that would be useful. If a running back is getting tire during the game they know right away	Yeah we sure do. Did you know women can play too in the NFL?	I did not know that, but I do know that women play in the National Football League.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000378	There are a lot who play on high school teams, so if they meet the requirements, why not?	Yeah, but the average earning potential salary of an engineer is higher	lol Bowlers in the 60's made more than football players. THAT is hilarious.	That's true, but I don't think I could make that much money as a high school football player.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000379	True, I guess we'll never know. It was great talking with you though, have a good one!	It was nice chatting with you too.	You as well, I hope you have a good rest of the evening, I'll try not to think about the depths of space that much !	It was nice talking to you as well. I will try to think more about space as well!
DSTC10TOPICAL-000380	I watched the series, but didn't play the game. Do you know Nintendo is over 100 years old?	I didnt know its over 100 years old, I wonder how the games from that time look like.	Well, they started out as a playing card company.	I do not know, but I do know that Nintendo was founded in 1948.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000381	You would think! I heard even 1960's top bowlers made twice as much as football stars!	I believe that. Bowling was a big sport back in the day. Football players didnt have the players union back then so they didnt make nearly what they deserved. I would say now it is a little over the top	I agree. Especially if you are like the patriots benjarvus green-ellis who never even fumbled one game in his nfl career.	That That is a good point.  Bowling is one of the most popular sports in the world.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000382	That would be Jupiter's moon? I wonder if Jupiter is one of the five planets visible to the naked eye.	I would guess from it size it is	The planet Venus is the only planet that rotates clockwise and has no seasons. That seems boring.	Yes, it is the largest planet in the Solar System, and it is located in the northern hemisphere.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000383	I've been a bigger fan in the past. I was a Caps fan growing up.	I am a Caps fan too! Do you know how much a player loses weight per game?	Like 8 pounds. I assume that's mostly sweat.	I'm not sure, but I do know that the Caps are one of the most successful teams in the National Basketball Association.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000384	Yes it is, so that much mean that he was thinking about this movie for 11 years?	That is impressive. That makes a great actor.	Yes it does, are you a fan of comic books, if you are, how many books do you have?	I'm not a big comic book fan, but I've read a few of them. Do you like them?
DSTC10TOPICAL-000385	No I don't but curious	I never have either, do you / did you play any of the sports we talked about?	I have always been a soccer person	I used to play soccer when I was a kid. It was a lot of fun.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000386	300 of them? that sounds impressive and too bad, maybe his manuscript is really good, he could have been a rich man,	Oh for sure! Do you like science at all?	I do like science, I think that scientists make big contributions to society, they make human kind better and smarter.	I love science! It's one of my favorite things to do in my spare time.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000387	It amazes me that a hockey player was once traded for a dollar	He must have been worth less than that to the trading team. Maybe they were paying him too much already. Do you play hockey?	I do not, but many Canadians do, since both hockey and lacrosse are their national sport.	I don't play hockey, but I do enjoy watching it.  It's a fast-paced, physical sport played on a rectangular field.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000388	Wow. I never knew that.	Yah, did you know the other word for telephone is a phone?	Yes. I knew that one.	I didn't know that, but I do know that the telephone was invented in the late 19th century.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000389	Yeah I know he has won a few games there. Did you know he was picked 19th back in the 2000 NFL draft?	I did not! He's been around for a while, I'm surprised he hasn't retired yet. His history as a football player is impressive. Been to the super bowl 8 times with the patriots.	Yeah he sure has, I don't think he will retire for at least two more seasons.	I didn't know that either. He's had a lot of success since he was drafted by the Seattle Seahawks in 1996.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000390	No I never been to Texas yet but that's pretty crazy	Yeah it is right? And it cost $60 million and on top of all , it is just a high school stadium	They do love football in Texas, too bad they don't care as much about education, an average engineer makes more in a lifetime than the average NFL player	I know, right?  It's crazy how much money they make.  I don't know what I would do if I made that much money.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000391	That is something. the lost 222-0. That is crazy !	What is wrong is how the cheerleaders cant eat with the players	Yeah the have to leave when they come in. I will research why	I know, right?  I was so mad.  It was my favorite team too!
DSTC10TOPICAL-000392	Yeah I guess the career of a football player does not last that long so they do not have much time to make money	True, I did not think about that, do you know how we are able to learn about interesting statistics like ball speed. ball rotation and players performance?	Yeah that is actually pretty cool, they are using tracking chips on the shoulder pads of the players now.	I'm not sure how they do that, but I do know that the game is played on a rectangular field with a goal at each end.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000393	Hello! Do you like Football?	I do. Do you?	Of course! What's your favorite team. Mine is the New England Patriots, the Lannisters of the NFL!	My favorite team is the Seattle Seahawks. They are an American professional football team based in Washington D.C.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000394	Maybe they can even see how long games are since they think only about 11 minutes are live gameplay!	No kidding, right? I mean, these engineers already make more than the average lifetime earnings of both MLB and NFL players, so they should step their game up... even though they are doing a phenomenal job now.	That stat actually surprises me with how much football players work! Did you know that in the 60s even top bowlers made more than football players? !	I didn't know that, but it makes sense since they have to be able to hit a ball with a stick to get the ball into the opposing goal.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000395	Yes thats really something	Any other movies, books, or shows that you are into?	I liked the lost series on tv	I am a big fan of the Lord of the Rings trilogy. Have you seen it?
DSTC10TOPICAL-000396	But even today, NFL players don't make as much on average as I would think. Engineers earn more over a lifetime.	Yes, and it's interesting to consider the lifetime career of a football player. Some use their background to transition to other fields such as coaching, or use the income to start a new career after they retire. Sadly, others suffer	It's amazing how much technology is used in the NFL these days	That is very true. The NFL is one of the most profitable professional sports leagues in the world.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000397	That is impressive. That makes a great actor.	Yes it does, are you a fan of comic books, if you are, how many books do you have?	I am not. But appears that their is a lot of money in the industry.	I am not a big comic book fan, but I have read a few of them.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000398	I know that it is the best selling book of all time with total sales of over 5 billion copies!	Yeah that seems a lot. Jefferson apparently made his own version of the Bible	I didn't know that. Teddy Roosevelt and John Quincy Adams were the only 2 U.S. presidents who didn't use the bible when they were sworn in.	Wow, I didn't realize that either. It's crazy to think that it's been around for so long.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000399	Perhaps a combination of the winning team being just that good and the losing team being so bad	Ive seen some blow outs, but never by that much.	Did you every play fantasy football?	No, I'm not a big fan of fantasy football. I'm more of a soccer fan.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000400	I noticed that. I've heard of some weird ideas for sports, but that's out there. On the subject of shoes, my old work boots have lasted me about 6 years but it's about time to get some new ones at	I think I have 2 pairs of shoes. It's crazy there is 5000 year old shoes that perform better than modern shoes	I'm not surprised, considering how much stuff today is deliberately designed to fall apart so you have to buy more. Sounds like you've got about as many shoes as I do.	I know what you mean. I have a pair of Nike Air Jordans that I've had since I was a kid and they're still going strong.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000401	That's a good point that I never thought about. What is also interesting to me is that an NFL game only has about 10 or 11 minutes to it that seems super low.	Yeah, that makes sense, it is mostly standing around if you ask me. I still love the game, but the clock watching gets annoying.	Yep I agree with that. Do you watch any fantasy movies. Or do you do fantasy football at all	I don't really watch fantasy football, but I do watch the Super Bowl every year.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000402	Maybe so. I hope the data they are collecting in the field though can somehow be used to make the game a little bit safer	Amazing that a game which averages just over 10 minutes of actual gameplay can be so damaging to players.	Great point. Do you know what the highest score recorded in a game was?	I don't know the exact number, but I do know that it was tied up at the end of the game.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000403	no way! I would love to learn that. Were you into the beatles much?	I loved them as a kid. I was not born when they formed in 1960	I wasn't either, they were amazing and still are. They couldn't even read music which is so interesting!	I love the Beatles! I was born in 1962, so I grew up listening to them.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000404	I would guess that has something to do with breast cancer awareness. I know that many football players suffer from breast cancer in the later years.	I never thought of it that way, that's an interesting perspective. Tell me why you like soccer.	It is a good game for women. I think women fight harder on the pitch than men do.	I love soccer because it's fast-paced and physical. It's a great way to stay in shape.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000405	Crazy. Take care.	Thank you. You too.	:)	Thank you, I appreciate it. I hope you have a good day too. I know it can be hard, but it's worth it in the end.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000406	I'm fine. Thanks for asking and you?	I am fine too	Do you like watching movies?	Yes, I love movies. What is your favorite genre? Mine is action and comedy.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000407	Yeah so sad. In Texas on the other hand they are voting to rename the garbage dump	Hahha so funny. In the UK not all men could vote until 1918	I wonder what prevented them from doing, maybe class and ranking in society	I'm not sure, but I do know that Texas is the 3rd most populous state in the U.S.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000408	That's right. Did you know that presidents have different functions depending on the type of government?	Yes I remember learning that I think. Its been good talking to you.	It's been good talking to you as well.	I did not know that, but I am glad to hear it.  Have a great day!
DSTC10TOPICAL-000409	Yeah the same one, expensive but it must be alien proof	He must have the money despite the fact that Seinfeld has a higher net worth	He does? Well Tom Cruise will eventually come on top, he has a lot more movies planned in the future. I don't know about Seinfeld.	Yeah, I think so too. He's been in a lot of great movies over the years.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000410	Yeah I don't know how that would go, but they should be allowed if they are good enough, I'm an engineer and I guess I make more in my lifetime than an average NFL player makes, cool!	lol, really. Oh yeah, the average lifetime earning is higher than the average NFL player!	yup good to know haha, do you like the Saints? I don't like how they treat their cheer leaders	I'm not a big football fan, but I do know that they are one of the oldest franchises in the NFL.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000411	Yeah I was wandering about that as well. How about radio dramas, do you like those?	I don't like dramas in general so probably not.	I see, because if you did there is a free radio to listen to them to	I don't listen to much radio, but I do enjoy a good comedy show.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000412	The guy is a legend, he has ever fumbled the ball in his career	Exactly. Do you know what the highest score in college football is?	Yes I feel bad for Cumberland to lose 222-0 from Georgia Tech	I don't know the exact number, but I do know that he is one of the greatest quarterbacks of all time.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000413	hope so too. now they are using tracking chips on the players	That's pretty cool, they can find out how hard a player hits and moves with those chips	yes, very handy. do you know what the highest score is in football history?	I don't know the exact number, but I do know that the game is played on a rectangular field with a goal at each end.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000414	Oh, your explanation is making so much sense. Thank you.	There is a lot of technical data, like the area code 212 was chosen because it was easier to dial on a rotary phone.	That fact to me is reasonable because New York was one of the earliest established cities in the U.S history.	Yeah, it's crazy to think that it's the most populous city in the US and the most densely populated in the world.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000415	Yes a lot. Do you know how much a single search takes in terms of power?	Yes more than in took to take Armstrong and 11 others to the moon	Yes. Do you know how they calculate traffic?	I'm not sure, but I do know that it takes a lot of time and dedication.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000416	Maybe, Bill Nye had to add more effect with more science experiments to create flubber.	Freeman has served narrator, commentator for numerous programs and television shows.	Well, he was nominated and won a lot of rewards.	That's true. He was also the host of the "The Simpsons" television series that aired on NBC from 1989 to 1994.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000417	I don't think they went in for those silly games back then, probably more respectful to the other team.	Probably... Did you know the NFL had no written rule that women can't play?	They probably think they don't need it. Some guys get worked up if they hear a woman is going to take part in something, but if they are good enough and want to do it let them.	I didn't know that, but it makes a lot of sense. It's a shame that women have to work so hard to get to the top of the league.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000418	Yeah exactly. Did you know ESPN won and Emmy once?	It was for the superimposed yellow line and I think they deserved it	Yup. DO you know much about the Bible?	I know a little bit. I know that it is a collection of sacred texts.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000419	Yes they are collecting information such as velocity and rotation and a bunch others, Wonder what for though.	I hope they can somehow use them to make the game safer and decrease the number of concussions	That would be amazing. On another topic, do you know anything about the Bible?	I don't know much about the bible, but I do know that it is a collection of sacred texts.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000420	Are you a Star Wars fan?	Yes, star wars is great. i really like the original trilogy.	Me too, that was the best out of all the movies, and basically the only ones I watched. It made George Lucas a billionaire	Yes, I am a big fan of the Star Wars franchise. I have seen all of them.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000421	I sure do. Did you know Jon Hamm taught drama in a high school?	Cool. Did you ever watch the show House MD?	Yeah and he even taught Ellie Kemper, she is so funny. Yeah I watch House	I've never seen it, but I've heard of it. Is it a good show?
DSTC10TOPICAL-000422	Are you a Star Wars fan?	yes, i really like the original trilogy. You?	Me too, it was so good! George Lucas became a billionaire because of it	Yes, I am a big fan of the Star Wars franchise.  I have been a fan since the first movie came out in 1977.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000423	Are you religious?	yes. fairly so	Did you know that Thomas Jefferson had created his own version of the bible so he could remove the supernatural parts. Thats wild.	I did not know that, but I do know that the New Testament is a collection of writings by early Christians.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000424	WOw that is interesting for a radio. Do you listen to radio dramas?	I do not really, are they good? Maybe I should check them out	Well there is a free website of them if you would like to check it out	I don't listen to much radio, but I do listen to a lot of podcasts.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000425	That is a lot of money! Did you know that 20th Century Fox agreed to forgo a $500k directing fee to let Lucas keep the licensing and merchandise rights?	I wonder how they feel about that now. Lucas pulled one over on them. The entire franchise is estimated to be $65 billion dollars!	I know! It has cost them billions and made Lucas himself a billionaire.	I did not know that, but I do know that the company was founded in 1903.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000426	Really? Haha, not sure if that worked! Marvel comic toys are expensive.	Not sure but it just increases the profit margin for the company haha.	True! I am going to have to watch this Infinity War movie now lol, curious about this Hawkeye character. Although he has been in other Marvel films.	Yeah, I'm not sure how much it's going to be worth, but I can't wait to see it!
DSTC10TOPICAL-000427	Yes! I heard that many people were actually rooting against Brady's team, because they're kind of over them winning all the time. He sure works hard though, it seems.	I think so, too. But there are other good players as well. I guess RB Benjarvus Green-Ellis has never fumbled the football in his NFL career.	Pretty impressive. I know they get paid a lot for those skills, but did you realize that top bowlers in the 60's made twice as much as football stars then?	I did not know that, but it makes sense.  The NFL has been around since 1920.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000428	Oh that makes so much sense. Do you know why Caine became an actor?	Hmm I am not sure of that. He went to college for it?	Nope he just attended drama class in high school because that is where the pretty girls went	I'm not sure, but I do know that he was born and raised in New York City.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000429	I heard it was really good, hes not my favorite superhero, but Id definitely see it also.	Do you read any other comic books?	No, never have read many of them. I miss out on a lot of back story that way.	I don't read many comic books either, but I have read some of the Marvel comics.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000430	I know! They sure do milk it for all its worth.	ESPN won an emmy for creating the superimposed yellow first down line on tv. That has been a good addition to watching games.	Yeah, that was a good addition. Can't believe that Benjarvus Green-Ellis never fumbled. Amazing!	I know, I was so happy for him. He's been playing for so long.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000431	Not really. I find they have too much CGI. What about you?	I like some of them like Spider-man. DO you know why there is a hyphen in the name?	I have no idea why. Why not just one word? Other superheroes have names like that.	I think it has to do with the fact that Spiderman has been around since 1962.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000432	Hard to believe. I saw some pretty good jazz in New orleans once. Wasn't a huge fan but it is definitely popular. Apparently the trumpet players grow a goatee for comfort when playing.	Interesting. I also see that clint eastwood is an enthusiast.	I had no idea it was popular in Pakistan given that their jazz orchestra is topping the charts.	I didn't know that either, but it makes sense since it's one of the most popular music genres in the world.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000433	Yes they did. All came down to a stupid kick ha ha. Anyway, did you know that in the 60's top bowlers made more than top football players?	No I didn't know that, I always hear that most sports make more than nfl, which I think it's unfair.	I'm positive it's not the case now. Do you know what the highest score in a football game ever was?	I don't know the exact number, but I do know that it is the most popular sport in the world.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000434	I know right, only 11 minutes, last Superbowl was more than 3 hours long, maybe 4 all of that for only 11 minutes	All those advertisements make a lot of money for the NFL and the tickets are outrageous. I wonder if a woman will ever try to be eligible to play?	Theres no written rule against woman playing so yeah I think they could, its a physical sport though,	I'm not sure, but I do know that the Super Bowl is one of the most watched sports in the world.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000435	bye	Bye.	see you	Hi, how are you today? I'm doing well, thanks for asking. I hope you are as well.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000436	Do you like concerts?	i do like concerts. I havent had much chance to do recently. You?	I like them, but only in outdoor arenas. Not so much the indoor stuff.	I do! I love going to live music shows. What kind of music do you like?
DSTC10TOPICAL-000437	They are the second largest search engine on the internet. I myself usually just google what I want to find and then it takes me to YouTube. The whole channels thing on YouTube confuses me.	Yeah, it can get quite confusing, do you also use Pandora Radio? I like that it also streams comedy and I use it on my way to the office.	I do have an account. Mostly I listen to NPR radio.	I've never heard of that one. I'll have to check it out. Do you like it?
DSTC10TOPICAL-000438	wow, I didnt know an illness could cause that. Look how far he came in life! what is it due to?	Yes He did very well in his career. And they had the best selling album of the 2000's	WHAT? that is so awesome. I wonder when they released their last song, do you know?	I'm not sure, but I do know that he was born in 1974.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000439	I guess that's the idea. I can't imagine it really working or everyone would do it.	Yeah I think it must be more of a tradition now, I doubt a color would really affect another team's performance.	The highest score ever in a football game occurred in 1916 when Georgia tech defeated Cumberland 222-0. Would pink locker rooms have helped Cumberland, do you think?	I'm not sure, but I do know that the team's colors were chosen by the coach.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000440	yeah, i bet the simpsons liked that. the simpsons has had trouble maintaining its quality over the last few years. i think that comedy is quite difficult.	Yea I stopped watching years ago. Apparently one episode in the whole series did not have bart in it or mention him. I want to watch that episode	i wonder what the episode was about. that is odd. the simpsons has great voice talent.	The Simpsons is an American animated sitcom created by Trey Parker and Matt Stone.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000441	Well perhaps you can find a short version that only shows the live gameplay. Each game is only a dozen or so minutes long of real gameplay	That's another reason why I don't watch football, three hours in front of the television for just 12 minutes of actual action. I could just grab my Bible instead.	Do you read from the bible often?	I do read the Bible from time to time, but I'm not a very religious person.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000442	That should be fun for real. Did you know women can play in the NFL?	Yes as long as they meet the requirements. I wonder if any of them have tried	Curious about that too. Maybe they are sticking to engineering careers	I didn't know that, but that's a good point. I'm not sure if they've tried it yet.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000443	that's sad considering how amazing his movies were	The Academy has a lot of politics. He made the wrong kinds of films. His wife got an award.	What did she get an award for?	She was nominated for Best Actor in a Leading Role at the Oscar Awards.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000444	Yeah for sure. and that weird rule about new orleans cheerleaders?	Yeah that seems like such a silly outdated rule. I think that will be gone in the next year or two.	I hope so. did you know U of Iowa's locker room for visitors is painted pink?	I didn't know that, but it makes sense since it's the capital of Louisiana.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000445	Yeah it was actually Stan Lee's wife, Joan B. Lee	I guess he chose her for the job. I never really watched the show.	I see. The Spider-man musical is the most expensive production on Broadway	I didn't know that, but it makes sense since it's one of the highest grossing musicals of all time.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000446	Yes that would be JFK, Washington and Jefferson	Right. Did you know the guest house is larger than the white house	Yeah that is pretty cool, they must get a lot of people there so maybe that is why	I didn't know that, but it makes sense. It's the largest in the world.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000447	That is so cool. There is a piano that was found on the highest mountain in Britain	Wow wonder who put it up there. Do you like Michael Jackson?	I do actually he has some amazing music. He was once supposed to do a duet with Freddy Mercury but that did not go through	I have never heard of him, but I do know that he was a singer, songwriter, and actor.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000448	Yeah , what a talent. Oscar were nominated for 9 Emmys. Wonder how that works	Yeah I am confused too about that. Do you know how many Oscars are given out?	Yes there are 24 awards given over a range of categories	I'm not sure how many awards there are, but I know that there are a lot of different categories.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000449	Exactly. Did you know engineers make more than them over their lifetime?	I am not surprised as they have longer careers so more time to make money	Yeah true. Did you hear about that rule for New Orleans cheerleaders?	I did not know that, but it makes a lot of sense. Cheerleading is one of the most popular sports in the world.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000450	Yes, I would like to know. I've been reading about observational versus theoretical astronomy, but I don't know what research methods would have been used to detect the building blocks of life so far away.	Can you imagine how complex the orbit would be for that planet that orbits four stars?	I haven't heard of that planet! What is it called?	I'm not sure what it's called, but it's the largest planet in the Solar System.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000451	18 holes a games. Seems like a long day.	Yeah it does. I like football a bit more. I love the NFL because they have 32 teams so people are bound to find one they like.	Yes football is way better. That is true but you usually only hear about a select few.	I love football, but I don't watch it as much as I used to.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000452	yep, and pokemon cards that are worth some money. How about that 70s show, ever seen that?	no, i didnt but i think it was a very popular show. probably a lot of actors launched big careers there.	You're right, mostly all of them became something big after that. I wish the same was for that 70s show uk remake, they only lasted 10 episodes.	I have never seen that show, but I have heard of it. It was created by Gene Roddenberry.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000453	Yes I did Snoop Dogg wrote a song for his son's football team once	Wow nice. Bowlers used to make more than football players in the 60s	I guess it was a more popular sport back in the day	Yes, it was.  He was born in 1948.  I remember watching him play when I was a kid.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000454	It's a shame what happened to Andy Dalton	Yes, his thumb injury put him out for the rest of the season.	He was having one of his best seasons so far	I didn't know that. That's too bad. I'm sorry to hear that.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000455	Yeah I do. Do you know what the most disliked video in YouTube history is?	I want to say its the music video baby by Justin Bieber	That's Correct. Do you have any pets?	No, I don't. I'm not a big fan of pets. What about you?
DSTC10TOPICAL-000456	LOL! Did you know politicians in Kentucky must swear an oath that they've never participated in a duel before taking office?	No I didn't! Even in this day and age they still have to do that?	I guess so lol. Do you like Johnny Depp?	I don't know much about him, but I do know he was born in 1942.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000457	Hello, do you watch the NFL?	Yes I try to watch all the games I can, what about you?	Same here but cannot watch them all for 17 weeks	No, I don't. I'm not a big fan of the NFL. Do you like it?
DSTC10TOPICAL-000458	I'm an engineer and I ain't seeing it... I can't see how soldiers in WW I could make a radio out of razor blades and pencils? Wow.	lol, that takes pure science around that. I can't even get my already made radio to work!	Ha. I would just end up cutting myself. I guess they may have tuned into Jupiter, there probably weren't a lot of station then.	I know what you mean. It's crazy how far we've come since WWII.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000459	The times were different then. Many people bowled and I guess they watched it on TV.	NFL uses tracking chips embedded in players shoulder pads.	I believe it. Probably helps with strategy and maybe player safety. Anyway, I enjoyed chatting!	Yeah, it was a lot different back then. The game was played on a rectangular field with a goal at each end.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000460	Oh wow that's cool. How was the concert?	Great! He is very talented! Better than Kanye in my opinion. Kanye once did a snl skit mocking himself for interrupting award shows!	I'm not a huge fan of Kanye music.	It It was a great concert! I was so happy to see him in concert.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000461	Oh that is so nice and convenient and free	Yeah it is. DO you know why Michael Caine became an actor?	I have no idea, how? DId tou know Patrick Stewart teaches masters classes in drama in the UK?	I'm not sure, but I do know that he was born in 1943, so he's been around for a while.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000462	yeah, but for engineering and science, it seems strange to me. Anyway, great chat!	Ditto. Nice chatting with you!	Have a great day!	Thank you! I hope you have a good day as well, and good luck with your studies!
DSTC10TOPICAL-000463	Have you seen Black Panther?	No I haven't yet. Is it any good?	I thought it was pretty good. The character is the richest superhero with an estimated 500 billion dollars.	I have not seen it, but I have heard good things about it. It is based on a comic book series by Robert Kirkman.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000464	I live in North East Ohio, I think fans around here would gladly swap the Packers records for the Browns.	Yeah the Browns have had some tough times since I have been watching, much better season this one than last though.	I guess there is always someone worse than yourself, just heard about the team that lost 222-0. That must have hurt.	Yeah, it was a tough year for them, but I'm glad they made it to the playoffs.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000465	Yeah I think so too. Gal Gadot who is the new wonder woman, actually served two years as a soldier.	Yeah I think I have read that before, that is impressive. I heard she was really good in that movie as well.	It's funny that she did not know she was auditioning for wonder woman. She thought she was trying out for cat woman	I didn't know that either! I thought she would have to be a superhero.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000466	Yea there is no rule against that as long as they qualify	Yes. The game average is only 11 minutes of play anyways	Yeah. Engineers make more than football players over their lifetime	That's true, but I'm not sure if I want to be a professional football player.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000467	That kind of sucks, tickets tend to be really expensive and the game lasts for 3 hours, you would expect more than just 11 minutes of gameplay, really unfair.	Yeah I know. Bowlers used to make more in the 60s than football players	They did? I wonder what changed, bowling used to be really popular back in the day, it doesnt seem like a really popular sport now	Bowling is still very popular in some parts of the world, but it's not as popular as other sports.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000468	I know, honestly if it's a sport played with feet and a ball then i guess they have the right to call it that.	That is true. In Hungary "football" is soccer.	In parts of Africa too. in Australia Rugby is football.	I didn't know that, but it makes sense that it is played on a rectangular field.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000469	Yup, that is why I do not go to these events.	Well, obviously everyone else at the concert seemed to enjoy it so not to bad of a deal	Are there any concerts coming up that sound fun?	I don't know, I haven't been to a concert in a long time.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000470	Yeah i'm sure your right. Can you believe top bowlers made more than top nfl players in the 60's?	Did they really? That's shocking, I wonder why, maybe people didn't care about football as much back then. Also I'm sure bowling games have more than 11 minutes of game play.	That's unbelievable. Almost as much as espn winning an Emmy. do you know what for?	I'm not sure, but I do know that the game was invented in England in the late 19th century.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000471	It was a nice way to spend an afternoon. i try to watch the playoffs and the superbowl. this year i didnt.	I watched the superbowl. I thought it was terrible, but that may just be me. So boring this year.	I think it was probably better the year before. there was a big comeback. this year it was a defensive battle. i wanted the underdog to win. too bad.	I'm sorry you didn't enjoy it as much as I did, but I'm glad you were able to enjoy it at least.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000472	Hi there, do you watch the NFL?	Yes I like to watch NFL games, I try to watch as many games as I can, what about you?	Nice, yes me too. Did you know women can play too?	I did not know that, but I do know that the NFL is the most popular professional football league in the world.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000473	That is pretty impressive, that is probably part of why the Patriots have been one of the most dominant teams recently.	Yes - the Patriots at least made a better decision than his high school - since they let tom Brady play!	I bet they are really regretting that decision now.	I think so too. I'm not a big fan of Tom Brady, but I'm glad he's doing well.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000474	And their feet look all weird for some reason	Well putting dry tea bags in smelly shoes will absorb the odor.	That is something I have to try tonight	I've never heard of that, but I'll have to look it up.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000475	Hi, do you like football?	Soccer or American football, i like them both.	I like them both too, I did not realize that the season lasts 17 weeks	I do like football, but I don't watch it as much as I used to.  Do you have a favorite team?
DSTC10TOPICAL-000476	Yes that is true and I am glad they came up with that line because it makes watching the game much easier	Definitely. Can you believe the former Patriots running back never fumbled the football his entire career?	That is so amazing. Do you know what the highest score in college football is?	I'm not sure, but I do know that they have won more Super Bowls than any other team in the history of the National Football League.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000477	Hello, Do you enjoy football?	I do love football! How about you?	Yes, I love to go to the games? What do you think of the Patriots?	I'm not a big football fan, but I do enjoy the Super Bowl every once in a while.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000478	I meant breast cancer, lol! Did you know woman could play in the NFL if they wanted to and could play.	They could possibly feel more comfortable in a pink locker room	I agree, lol! Did you know also the saints cheerleaders need to leave a restaurant if the players come in, kind of sexist!	I did not know that, but I can see why they would want to do that.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000479	Yes it was. Do you know anything about the FIFA World Cup?	I don't know much about it. When the US competed in the first FIFA world cup in 1930, they got 3rd place.	Yes they did. The city that is hosting the 2022 final does not exist yet.	I don't really follow soccer, but I know that it is played on a rectangular field with a goal at each end.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000480	Yes, although that duel thing seems like it should have been going on out in the cowboy west in the old days.	Right? They must have kept the laws from way back in time lol	Lots of curious things that are fun to learn about. It has been great chatting with you. Thanks!	Yeah, it's been a long time since I've been to the west coast.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000481	Yeah that's for sure. I really thought that players earned alot more money though.	Maybe the MVP but an engineer will earn more money than the NFL player, I think soccer players are paid better	Crazy to think that one team scored 222 points in a game once too.	I don't know much about soccer, but I do know that Football is the most popular sport in the world.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000482	that is crazy, I bet NFL makes more money now by a long shot, it was nice chatting with you!	Yeah that is true, things have really changed. Same here.	Good bye!	It was nice talking to you as well. I hope you have a great rest of your day.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000483	Do you know if they have female players?	Well, not in the NFL they dont but i'm sure they might have a womans league	Did you know that the nfl has no rules against women? They could legally play if they met the requirements. What do you think?	I'm not sure, but I do know that women have been playing football since the 19th century.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000484	I would think so. Btw, nice chatting with you. Happy holiday	Merry Christmas to you, and I'll leave you with this fun fact: The university of Iowa's locker room provided for visiting football players is completely painted pink!	Thank you.	That is so cool!  I didn't know that.  Thanks for sharing.  Have a great day!
DSTC10TOPICAL-000485	Hi friend, do you watch the NFL?	Hey, I am a big fan of the NFL. How about you?	I love watching the NFL, it may be my new religion. Did you know that Tom Brady has a book called the athletes bible?	No, I didn't know that. I'm more of a football fan than anything else.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000486	I'm originally from England so soccer is my thing, yes, a little rugby too. I've tried watching football on TV but it seems to go on forever, and is mostly replays of what has happened already.	Yeah the average NFL game has 11 minutes of live gameplay, what do you think they could do to improve it ?	Less commercials. I think it is mainly a cultural thing. If I grew up here my opinion might be different.	I'm not sure, but I do know that Football is the most popular sport in the world.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000487	The third was JFK.	I see. I wonder how rich president banana of Zimbabwe is haha. He may be the most loaded of all of them haha	President Banana is an interesting name. Were you aware that the guest house is bigger than the white house?	I didn't know that, but I do know that the banana was first cultivated in Central Asia.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000488	Then he got Randy Moss and blew that out of the water!	Yup real talk! Tom Brady's wife makes double her husbands salary!	I would be really happy if my wife made double what I make. That would be great!	I know right! I would be so happy if that happened to me too!
DSTC10TOPICAL-000489	yeah, I'm one and I have a bunch of friends that do it. On average we make more than a football player!	Oh that's awesome. And yep that is what I have heard did you know that the NFL has no rule against female players. Do you think we'll see one in our lifetime?	I've heard that before, but I don't know if Americans can stomach seeing a woman getting injured on the field.	I'm not sure, but it would be interesting to see. The NFL is the most popular professional football league in the world.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000490	Do you wear a costume for halloween ever?	my mom and dad used to dress me up in costumes for halloween sometimes. How about you?	lol me too, I remember seeing pictures of some ridiculous costumes. I want to be a panda researcher though	No, I don't like dressing up for Halloween. It's too scary for me.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000491	That's true. Do watch NFL football games?	I sometimes watch. Usually about the Superbowl. What about you?	I usually watch some games because my son really likes to watch football games.	I don't watch a lot of football, but I do like to watch the Super Bowl.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000492	I love Tom Hanks. I found it curious how the Lord of the Rings movies had huge losses despite being a success	Wow, that's pretty surprising. Never know what's going to bring in the money huh? You know you'd figure anything Disney would be a sure hit but heard that their animated "Treasure Planet" was one of the most expensive box office	Yes. And John Carter was a flop over here but broke box office records in Russia	I have never seen any of the lord of the rings movies, but I have read the books.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000493	Hey there my friend do you ever wear shoes.	Yes I do but not like ballet dancers. They can go through 4 pairs of pointe shoes in a week.	That is shocking. I used to date a ballet dancer actually. And I can confirm that they always have feet problems	I don't think I could ever do ballet, it's too intense for me.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000494	True, I did not think about that, do you know how we are able to learn about interesting statistics like ball speed. ball rotation and players performance?	Yeah that is actually pretty cool, they are using tracking chips on the shoulder pads of the players now.	I find that pretty interesting!! Did you know when was the highest score in a football match ever?	I'm not sure, but I do know that the game is played on a rectangular field with a goal at each end.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000495	Me too, I'm surprised that Jupiter has radio storms they can be heard on AM radio.	Yes. I wouldnt mind hearing those.	I wonder what they sound like? What if it is actually aliens trying to talk with us?	I don't know, but I do know that they have been around for a long time.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000496	smart kid, took lots of ap tests in high school	wow amazing. Brad Johnson is the only QB that threw himself a touchdown pass	I did not even know such a thing is possible at all	Oh wow, that's pretty cool. He's a pretty good quarterback, isn't he?
DSTC10TOPICAL-000497	Me too. But I'm not sure what frequency it is. Kind of has me worried now!	well maybe we will find out at some point. did you know we can grow a rib in 2-3 months	No, that is shocking. How do they know that?	I did not know that, but I do know that it is the most commonly eaten meat in the world.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000498	No but I bet it's wild to see. Ha! Wonder if players are allowed to touch the ball with their hands and arms while it's in play unlike regular soccer?	Yeah I don't know it sounds more interesting to me than regular soccer though LOL, have you heard of the German player Mesut Ozil?	I admire him because he donated his entire world cup bonus to pay for the surgeries of 23 different kids over in Brazil. I wish all athletes were like him!	I haven't heard of him, but I'll have to look him up.  I'm a big soccer fan.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000499	He was a very funny and interesting man. Something else that is funny is the University of Iowa painted the visiting locker room pink. I wonder what the visiting football teams thought about that.	Yeah it was probably before pink became popular for professional football players to support breast cancer	Do you watch a lot of football?	No, I don't watch much football. I'm more of a soccer fan.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000500	Hmm I am not sure of that. He went to college for it?	Nope he just attended drama class in high school because that is where the pretty girls went	Hahaha the guy really knew what he was after even that early	Yeah you got that right but ya gotta go for it!
DSTC10TOPICAL-000501	Yeah I think I have read that before, that is impressive. I heard she was really good in that movie as well.	It's funny that she did not know she was auditioning for wonder woman. She thought she was trying out for cat woman	That is pretty funny, do you know what year the original wonder women made an appearance?	1986. it was not a good year for women in the military
DSTC10TOPICAL-000502	Actually it was Georgia Tech against Cumberland, they beat them 222-0	Hm. I figured that Tom Brady gave a biblical whooping to the Browns. Oh well. 222-0? Did Cumberland play with their cheerleaders or what?	Hahah good point, I have no idea but what a defeat. Do you ever watch the ESPN?	No. My husband is always watching it. Does your husband like it?
DSTC10TOPICAL-000503	I do but i don't get the chance as much anymore. The patriots are on a role.	Do you know how many teams are on the NFL?	Wow that's a good question, how many?	Like three. Its a pretty neat dog
DSTC10TOPICAL-000504	That is true. They produced a knock off lego once	Wow, they have tried their hand on everything it seems, smart business people	Very true. And they also own the Seattle Mariners. Good investment seems	Yeah, that does seem very possible.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000505	I'm surprised a building of that size has lasted so long	I have no idea, but I am glad it survived. History should not be destroyed. Going back to football, the games apparently last only 11 minutes of active game	I guess the players have other things to attend to. They are pretty busy. Sunday is a work day for them. I hope they are editing the Bible like that Jefferson fellow.	Maybe. It's like they get paid and do it at the same time.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000506	Yeah it cost a whooping $60 million, that is very expensive	Yeah do you know who Benjarvus Green-Ellis is?	Oh yeah the man is a legend, never fumbled the ball	I have never fumbled the ball in my entire life!
DSTC10TOPICAL-000507	That makes sense. The NFL is using tracking chips on the players now.	Yes they are and they are collecting many stats such as velocity and rotation and others	Yeah. Do you know who Benjarvus Green-Ellis is?	I think my mother knew who he was.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000508	Yes I have, very funny movie. That was a classic right there. Thanks	I have never seen it before, I think Bill Murray said it was comedy gold or something like that.	I agree. Did you know that some of the very first silent movies out there were comedies?	Oh cool. Well, that's a great thing to be aware of.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000509	Yeah, wasn't he the guy who didn't ever fumble the ball? Thats a pretty incredible feat.	That sure is, what a career. Did you know bowlers used to make more than football players in the 60s	That is surprising, I never saw bowling as that popular. But engineers make more over a lifetime than football players. So there is some incentive to work hard in school.	Yes and not all men can handle to much cash either.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000510	Where did you usually commute from and to? Technology and innovations fly by year after year.	I simply drove to the big city for about an hour and a half. Did you ever use the car radio?	That sounds like my commute. I commute about that long one way for school and back home. Doesn't every car have a radio?	Not all cars have radios either. Some do.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000511	I'm a huge football fan. How about yourself?	I love football both college and NFL, do you have a favorite NFL team of the 32?	I'm a New England Patriots fan and huge fan of Tom Brady how about you?	I like the Bears
DSTC10TOPICAL-000512	Well apparently there is a president in Zimbabwe called president banana	They could do a musical number. I think that many fans would follow.	See I like that idea haha. Maybe they could make a lot of money so that Trump could be back into the top three richest presidents of all time	I could do that! I could buy the ticket to his rallies and they could make me rich!
DSTC10TOPICAL-000513	I do too. The Saints should do better, if not for themselves, but for the good of the league.	Yeah I agree with you on that. Do you know what the average actual time of gameplay is for an average NFL game?	Something like 10 minutes, right? I think I heard that when they were talking about the chips in the shoulder pads of the players.	Nah you shouldn't try so hard. It's a terrible strategy
DSTC10TOPICAL-000514	I hope so too. We need engineers more than we need athletes if we're going to have a good society.	True! Although it is pretty cool that there isn't a rule that keeps women from playing. All they need to do it meet eligibility	I guess in the future we might see a woman. Anyway, great chat! Have a great evening!	take care of yourself. enjoy your vocation. bye
DSTC10TOPICAL-000515	I don't know honestly. We have some teams that have won state championships in the area but i don't ever go to the games.	I would think it would be more interesting if you went to the actual school.	I would think so too but there's a school in Allen, Texas that spent 60 million dollars to build a football stadium to seat 18,000 people.	Well, that's nice! I hope your team makes it to the playoffs.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000516	Yep, that's how consistently good they have been. Did you know that New Orleans cheerleaders are forbidden from eating in the same restaurant as any NFL player. If they are eating somewhere and an NFL player comes in, they have	Thats rude. I wonder why?	They probably don't want any PR problems from that. It's kind of weird that there is no women in the NFL. There is no written rules against female players.	Maybe this is where my wife ends up next, lol
DSTC10TOPICAL-000517	Really, Id be interested to read it. It does sound a little extreme at some times.	I agree lol, do you have a favorite team?	I do, unfortunately I root for the Dolphins, it was a family thing.	Oh nice. Do you have any other family nearby?
DSTC10TOPICAL-000518	I do not think I have heard of that, what is it? There is a radio station that turns solar energy into sounds	WOw cool one. Have you ever listened to canadian radios?	I have not actually, I just do not have the time I guess. Back to football, Kellan Moore is the only half handed QB in the NFL.	wow! Kellan is the best right?
DSTC10TOPICAL-000519	Good point. The ESPN once won an Emmy. Do you know what for?	Hmm I do not know that, did not know they could qualify for any of those awards	Yeah, well they got it for the superimposed yellow like	That's nice! What grade did you get?
DSTC10TOPICAL-000520	Yes, I did, interesting. I think they owned alot of land.	I believe so too. Up until 1805 the vice president was decided by who the runner up was in the presidential election. Interesting because there probably would have been 2 different opinions on issues of the time in the White	Yes, that is interesting. Its good times have changed.	what was your favorite part?
DSTC10TOPICAL-000521	Yeah and after words maybe on a subconscious level. You know the highest scoring game of all time?	Yeah it was 222-0. What a blow out!	Yeah Georgia Tech was not playing around. I would have hated to be on the bus ride home to Cumberland.	Oh that's pretty cool! How was your ride home?
DSTC10TOPICAL-000522	Im doing great. How bout you.	I'm good, thanks for asking. Do you like Tennis?	I have never really sat down to watch it to be honest.	Well i try and watch a couple of good matches per year.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000523	I love the NFL! I try to follow all 32 teams the best I can.	Nice. I did not know the game season is 17 weeks. That is a long time and lots of games	Yes. It seems to go fast. Each team plays a 16 game schedule.	Wow, 16 games over 12 months!
DSTC10TOPICAL-000524	It That is an interesting coincidence.	Did you know the NFL has no rules against women playing?	That's great! There should a team entirely of women!	That's what I am thinking. Hopefully, one day
DSTC10TOPICAL-000525	Hello, do you like television?	I do. I love watching SNL - especially the weekend update.	I love SNL. Did you know when South Park aired the Family Guy episode, they received flowers from the Simpsons crew?	I had no idea!  that was so nice of them
DSTC10TOPICAL-000526	Yes but I guess that was because bowling was much more popular back then	I guess so. Do you know what the highest score in college football is?	Yes that is 222-0 when Georgia Tech beat Cumberland	That's a very close game.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000527	I think soccer players make less money than a basketball player. But as a whole soccer is watched by a lot of people more in comparison to basketball. That is just my opinion	Yea basketball players are making upwards of 50 million a year thats crazy. I know overseas soccer is a huge sport. In There exists a variation of soccer where 3 teams face each other at the same time.	I never heard of such thing. How 3 teams can play on the field at the same time is a mind blowing. Hahaha	Oh boy I bet you feel bad for missing it!
DSTC10TOPICAL-000528	Well the NFL tracks everything. They even have chips in shoulder pads and footballs for tracking so I am pretty sure they are accurate.	I think its great that tech is being integrated into the game, cool stats indeed they should make devices to control the brain damage injuries	You would think that an average NFL player who will make less than an average engineer over his lifetime would want to help their own health. The NFL is violent.	You would think it but they don't ever want to help
DSTC10TOPICAL-000529	Are you a baseball fan? I'm not, so I am not surprised that the Women's World cup has higher ratings than the World Series.	Soccer is the international sport. Women around the world will be keen on seeing the games. Not so much for baseball, I guess. I am not a big baseball fan, though I follow the playoffs.	I'm not a sports person, I do like chess. Although, I didn't know it was invented in India.	Ah ok so you are Into some hot stuff huh?
DSTC10TOPICAL-000530	No! Wow, that's awesome! Very smart and kind of them. I love animals more than a lot of people lol!	It is a great thing they did! i wish the U.S. would do that!	I do too, we have so many animals going extinct it would probably help a lot. They deserve to thrive and be safe too.	Yes, I would love to see that! Do you think there is anything we can do to reverse this situation?
DSTC10TOPICAL-000531	Yeah I guess it was a more popular game back then. Their coaches are the highest paid people	Yeah no surprise there. Do you know what the highest score in college football is?	Hmmm no I do not, what is it. Did you hear about that giant stadium in Texas?	What is a giant stadium?
DSTC10TOPICAL-000532	Hi, do you like football?	Hello, i love the NFL now thats a real sports league!	Do you know if they have female players?	Not that I know of.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000533	Hello, do you watch NFL?	Yes I tried to watch every nfl game. Do you like Tom Brady?	I like him. I guess he is a book author now as well.	He sure is! Sounds like we are on the right track!
DSTC10TOPICAL-000534	Hello there, do you watch the NFL?	Hi, no I don't watch it. Do you?	Yes me too from time to time. Curious fact, the U of Iowa visitor locker room is painted pink.	Well I hope the fact that she is a few shades above pink makes you happy.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000535	Are you a New England Patriots fan?	lol no I am not. Did you know there is no written rule against female players? women are allowed to play football.	And sorry, yes I watch football. I am not a fan of the Patriots either! lol I did know about the rule allowing female players. I'm surprised no females play tho	I wasn't sure either. A woman could play kicker or something. A whole different kettle of fish.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000536	That must be a nightmare for opposing teams! Wonder if that would have helped Cumberland when Georgia Tech set the highest score record when they beat them 222-0. Ha!	Haha that is true! It's so surprising that an average engineer will make more in his life than an NFL or MLB player	Agreed. I even wonder if engineers made more than the top bowlers of the 1960s since they actually made more than the top football players as well!	I can imagine that
DSTC10TOPICAL-000537	Yeah, no kidding. Although the average lifetime salary of engineers is higher than the average lifetime earning of an NFL player.	Plus fewer concussions too. I think it would be better for women to go into engineering.	Yeah, no kidding! I know the cheerleaders on the Saints have to leave a restaurant if a team player is there.	Oh my god! I would go crazy if that was me haha.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000538	Free with you, they should have had Snoop Dogg make a theme song for the game like he did for his son's high school football team LOL	Interesting, do you play golf?	I have tried to play golf but I'm not very good, it just takes so long to do all 18 holes I think	Not as long as you play golf for a living if you don't mind me asking
DSTC10TOPICAL-000539	For sure, did you know the NFL is the new religion	I guess it is, many people watch it for sure. Do you know how many teams are there?	I think there are 32 teams now, which is your favorite?	50 right now, they will be switching to 64 soon
DSTC10TOPICAL-000540	Well there is a free website of them if you would like to check it out	Yeah that is nice. Did you know that there is a radio station that turns solar energy into tunes	That is so cool. In WWII soldier made foxhole radio using pencils and razorblades	That is so awesome. I would love to learn to do that.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000541	Now, that's smart	Haha, yep it is.	It was very nice chatting with you. Have a great day	Thank you!
DSTC10TOPICAL-000542	They cannot socialize or date either.	Well that i agree with but forcing them to leaves a bit much to me.	Yeah probably something happened for them to make that rule. Well, cant wait till the draft lol. Gotta run, nice talking to you.	It's good you talked to someone. I don't know what I'm going to do without the chips!
DSTC10TOPICAL-000543	That was a beautiful show, both in the writing and visually. It's probably the best bit of TV Sci-Fi since 1997.	Yes I thought so too	It's been nice chatting with you, but I'd better get back to work.	Take care, i was just saying i feel like it.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000544	Well I hope the players get their degrees before going to the NFL. The lifetime earnings of an engineer is higher than the average lifetime earnings of an nfl player	They could probably get tons of degrees after the NFL	lol. The bible is the best selling book ever selling over 5 billion copies. I know that because every one has one.	5 billion copies! wow! i bet they would never miss a sale.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000545	I guess the football players chose the wrong sport then. They could have just gone bowling and make money. They could wear their helmet bowling too.	Well things have changed now so that definitely is not the case. But engineers still make more than football players	Engineers makes more than football players, but not for playing football. Engineers are good at engineering.	I wish football was that easy! I am not the tallest sports nut you'll meet
DSTC10TOPICAL-000546	I agree. Though the earnings of an engineer over their life time are higher that the earnings of a football player. That makes me feel a little better.	Until you think about retirement age. I'll take ten and out with millions over forty plus and out with millions. lol. What about you?	Same here. I would rather a few years to make my millions.	well, there you go... i've got this
DSTC10TOPICAL-000547	Yes, I forget how football is usually soccer to most people	Soccer is a popular sport around the world. Football is gaining popularity too in other countries.	I think internationally soccer is the most popular. In the US, football generally is more popular	I did not know soccer was so popular here
DSTC10TOPICAL-000548	Yeah did you know most presidents swear in on the bible.	Two US president did not use it in swearing-in ceremonies.	yeah they are John quincy adams and teddy roosevelt	teddy was a conservationist.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000549	On a different topic what do you think about Birds by the way? I did eat a chicken for dinner and it was delicious	Birds are pretty awesome, they are technically dinosaurs so I find it fascinating to see living dinosaurs	Yes I agree, it's very crazy that they can range in size from 2 inches to over 9 feet	Awesome.  That is nice
DSTC10TOPICAL-000550	Yes, you are right, I have lots of comics books, I am not a reader, I like them for the drawing of the characters.	That is interesting. Dc comics paid $130 in 1938 for exclusive rights to superman.	Yes, Superman and Archie rich are two of the most valuable book I heard of according to my knowledge.	I see, do you read a lot of comics
DSTC10TOPICAL-000551	Hello there, do you play the piano?	Hello, I can play a little. What about you?	No, but I really wish that I could I think it is so cool.	Yeah it is. It's awesome!
DSTC10TOPICAL-000552	It would be cool if they even had stuff that predated Marvel, if that is even a thing.	I think there are comics way before that.	I think it is cool how they have different universes, even within the same franchise.	i suppose, i've never read the fine frenzy, is it good?
DSTC10TOPICAL-000553	I agree! They are lucky to make it on ESPN 12 lol. Do you think there will ever be a woman that tries out for a team?	I don't know enough about women's bodies to say. There aren't many women who play in high school or college though.	I agree, but there is a small chance someday! Did you know ESPN won an emmy for their yellow first down line?	That is crazy, i have never even heard of that.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000554	Oh I didn't know they were Canadian! If you are a radio drama fan there is a website where you can listen to thousands for free.	I have never listened to drama on the radio, but I do know it was very big, especially in the days before television	Yes it was basically the big form of entertainment! I bet some presidents even tuned in. The three wealthiest presidents were JFK, Washington, and Jefferson.	That is interesting, what type of dance?
DSTC10TOPICAL-000555	Football has got to be crazy too. Its a money maker for a lot of colleges	Yeah. The only good thing about this model is that it pays for the lesser sports, like swimming and volleyball.	Did you know Espn won an emmy for the creation of the yellow first down line	I am not sure that is a thing.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000556	I think he is a pretty decent player. So was the former QB for Patriots, Benjarvus	I think considering how many super bowl rings Brady had he is better than decent.	Yeah that is true. Benjarvus on the other hand is the only guy in NFL to have never fumbled a ball.	Wow, that is pretty incredible!
DSTC10TOPICAL-000557	Hello, do you listen to the radio?	Not really. Do you?	Yeah I do quite a bit I just have not managed to find that Jupiter station	oh really? do you like jupiters or saturns more?
DSTC10TOPICAL-000558	It is funny - bowling is a less athletic sport but they used to make twice as much as football players	i think they now get paid more but not all of them	yes that is true. Espn probably got more from winning an emmy for the creation of the virtual yellow line	so that makes sense
DSTC10TOPICAL-000559	Yeah that is a wild fact, I guess the thing to do was to be a bowler in the 60's, that was the life!	Sure would be a lot easier physically than football. Did you see espn won an emmy for creating that superimposed yellow line representing the first down? I wonder what year that was	Yeah I am trying to think if I can remember watching games before it happened. I know I have but it's just so part of the game now I can't really remember.	I can relate that is what my mother keeps telling me
DSTC10TOPICAL-000560	Fun! We should be just about done with this hit!	yeah, this was a fun one!	I thought so too! Nice talking with you!	You too!
DSTC10TOPICAL-000561	Yes it was basically the big form of entertainment! I bet some presidents even tuned in. The three wealthiest presidents were JFK, Washington, and Jefferson.	With inflation I can see how Washington or Jefferson might have more worth than President Trump. But JFK surprises me	Yes JFK is a bit surprising. I bet the president of Indonesia made a lot from his pop albums!	Oh wow. I bet he did!
DSTC10TOPICAL-000562	No. I usually watch comedy or romantic movies.	It was fantastic. The end left you guessing though. Some people say Infinity War owes part of it's success to Black Panther.	I will make a point of watching it soon.	I think that is a great idea
DSTC10TOPICAL-000563	I imagine it was at least hundreds apart?	222-0. I dont even see how that is possible. That one team must have been really bad.	Perhaps a combination of the winning team being just that good and the losing team being so bad	Well you still can try!
DSTC10TOPICAL-000564	Talk about a good career move that would pay off down the road! Marcia Lucas was the reason for some major changes to the original movie and won an academy award for editing the film.	Another fun fact that I learned is that there's a toy Hans Solo in every Firefly episode. I loved Firefly too!	I never knew that. I'm going to have to go watch and look for it.	do you still use a landline?
DSTC10TOPICAL-000565	Hi! I love rock music and it has been for a while now. I think since the 60s.	Yeah, it's definitely a classic and great genre. White snake has had over 50 members through it's history. That's crazy!	I know. The list has its own wikipedia page.	I don't know why they let me write this down anymore
DSTC10TOPICAL-000566	Nice! Did you know engineers make more money over time than NFL players do?	I guess that makes sense since their careers are longer too and they have more time to make money	For sure, but I bet NFL players are paid more per hour. Did you know an NFL game has 11 actual minutes of gameplay?	Oh wow, yeah that is a lot of time spent out there with no communication
DSTC10TOPICAL-000567	Yeah true. Do you know what is the highest score in college football game?	Yes that is 222-0 and do you know who was playing in that game?	Yes that was Georgia tech that beat Cumberland in 1916	Cumberland must have been a horrible team to beat that badly.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000568	Actually, I did. That thing was too long, though. I sat for 3 hours, makes me mad to think that the average NFL game has only 11 minutes of actual live gameplay.	Same here. There is so much waiting around. Id like to see a game with a running clock for all of it, stopping only when teams score. That would give more action.	You know they have tracking chips in the player's shoulder pads that records every move on the field. It would be interesting to see what that data shows!	That's probably where most of the injuries occur haha
DSTC10TOPICAL-000569	Yeah that makes sense. Because I haven't heard of that rule with any other team. What about the rule for female players? Apparently there is no rule against it, which is interesting	I guess they never imagined that women would want or be able to play. Other sports might not have such a rule either.	Yeah that makes sense. I don't think that women can play basketball or anything like that, at least in the NBA, but maybe I'm wrong? Do you have a favorite quarterback by the way?	Aaron Rodgers of course
DSTC10TOPICAL-000570	True. 11 minutes of combat.	I'm all for women breaking barriers and the belief that they can accomplish anything a man can, but not when there is a chance for major injury just based on a size advantage.	True. Anyway, I enjoyed chatting with you!	Me too. I hope you do as well.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000571	Yeah thats true. Looks like a lot of them just inherited the money	And now the actors that play the characters are getting rich. Marvel movies make serious box office cash	I know right. Have you seen infinity war?	No i haven't
DSTC10TOPICAL-000572	Yes, the talent is there, on the coaching staff too. Though I have heard accusations for cheating.	Yes and while I am not familiar enough to know the details, which team hasn't been accused as such	I really don't know. I figure that the cost of getting caught cheating would be pretty high. Didn't they have to pay a fine or something?	They did. Everyone has to pay the fines for minor infractions.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000573	Hi! I do occasionally, usually during big games like Super Bowl.	Me too, I really don't watch much but I do like football. I think Tom Brady is an excellent quarterback.	I agree, though he is now in his 40s born in August 1977. Wonder if he might retire soon?	Ha! Maybe! He is doing quite well for himself.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000574	Nice I liked it too. did you know it was founded in 1889 as a playing card company	Yeah, I did not know it was that old. Did you	Yeah I did not know but apparently it has been that long	Well I wish luck with your kid
DSTC10TOPICAL-000575	Hi, how are you? do you like Marvel	Hello, I am doing good this morning. Yeah I like Marvel. Me and my son are always watching superhero movies.	Nice, me too although I am not a huge Fantastic Four fan. I think the movie killed it for me...	Definitely! I am a huge fan of all three of those things
DSTC10TOPICAL-000576	I've watched Australian rules football and Rugby before although they aren't on tv much	They call it football codes. There is also a Gaelic football	Interesting. I mainly watch the NFL even though the games only have an average of 11 minutes of gameplay for each game	It really gets the heart pumping!
DSTC10TOPICAL-000577	The nfl has no written rule against female players; women would in fact be allowed if they met the league's eligibility requirements. I had no idea! I would have thought they did but I guess not.	That is interesting but I wonder what the league's eligibility requirements are. What if they had to have played football in college?	I am not sure. Based on the article, they could play. I think that they are not sexist, just biased against age.	You are right about that. If you can't trust anyone else you should be honest with them.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000578	I do! I just watched avengers the other day! Have you seen Wonder Woman?	I haven't, but I should! It was the highest grossing superhero movie!	I know! I've seen the Dark Knight too, have you? It was the highest before Wonder Woman.	Yes I really liked that movie, it was awesome
DSTC10TOPICAL-000579	Yeah only 13 TD passes which is low for a QB, he did have a better season the previous year	Saquon Barkley should be a good pick for the fantasy draft next season.	Im not aware of that player in what position does he play?	The quarterback is usually the most important player on the team. He touches the ball on almost every offensive play!
DSTC10TOPICAL-000580	That would be different. Maybe they could get a pink locker room like the Univ of Iowa has for its visiting football teams. :) So bad! !	Haha, right! That is crazy. It's not any different than the crazy high score game that ended with 222-0 that's unbelievable!	Yeah that was awful for the losing team I bet. They probably could have benefited from the tracking chips they use today in the players' shoulder pads to record their moves. Maybe could have figured out what they were doing	Haha. Yeah that would have helped. But they gave them to the cheerleaders so maybe it wasn't such a big deal.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000581	Would be awesome to watch!	Yea, it's quite ironic that Jackson popularized the robot dance and wanted to build a robot lol	Could he make it sing too?	Haven't looked into that yet. Will need to look into it.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000582	I can't believe google is only 10 years old!	They have certainly grown pretty fast. I love YouTube!	i do too! i also like google maps. Do you use that a lot?	a lot actually, it is the best.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000583	Me too, but I guess in my childhood and college years I was watching much often. I didn't know that 14 of the world's 25 largest stadiums belong to American college football teams. Did you know that?	I did not know that. The University of Iowa's lock room for visiting teams is painted in all pink.	lol why? Do they believe it may bring any benefits to Iowa?	its all about the caribbean monkeys.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000584	I wonder too, there is an AM radio frequency that catches Jupiter's radio storms	Very cool, wonder if it just sounds like static or what? Bill Murray voiced the Human Torch in the 1970's fantastic four radio show!	no way! Now i need to look that up. It probably was amazing	yeah it was. i remember he was super skinny too.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000585	Good point. Did you know that bowlers made twice as much as top football stars ?	Thats crazy. It like how engineers make more in a lifetime	And what up with that crazy cumberland game. I would have walked off the field	They lost by 222 points.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000586	That's such a nice gesture. For the longest time he was the voice of college football. Did you go to Michigan?	I did not just a big fan. My favorite player of all time attended there so It was how I became a fan	Who is your favorite player of all time?	there are so many i could choose
DSTC10TOPICAL-000587	I do love football! How about you?	Yes, I love to go to the games? What do you think of the Patriots?	I like the Patriots! I'm glad that they won the super bowl. Tom Brady puts a lot of work into his game and deserves to be a winner for his dedication to being the best he can be.	yes that is the hard part i agree
DSTC10TOPICAL-000588	I did, it was pretty boring this year though.	Free with you, they should have had Snoop Dogg make a theme song for the game like he did for his son's high school football team LOL	Interesting, do you play golf?	Yeah, in the summer.  I've been playing at the beach since i was three.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000589	Oh yeah you're right when they the aired the final family Guy episode.	Tv is a mass medium for advertisement, entertainment, and news. Is there anything else you enjoy?	Yes it is indeed. I enjoy the Internet. It's addicting and can cause measurable changes in the brain.	Yes, we'll miss that one, too.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000590	I wonder if that is supposed to have some effect on the players	I am not sure. In the 60s bowlers used to make more than NFL players	Yeah I guess it was a more popular game back then. Their coaches are the highest paid people	What do you do for a living?
DSTC10TOPICAL-000591	Wasn't he a running back for the NE Patriots?	Yeah he was and he never fumbled the ball in his career	That's impressive. I wonder how many years he played for the Patriots to have that kind of stat	7 years all together
DSTC10TOPICAL-000592	Now that's suprising. I wonder how much would that be	I'm not sure. I think it's because NFL players do not play past their 30s normally	True. How about golf? are you familiar with it?	Pardon?
DSTC10TOPICAL-000593	Yes. The Saints cheerleaders cannot even eat in the same restaurant as the players.	I guess it is to keep the players from getting distracted or from bad press about teams.	I'm sure. Even if the cheerleader is already there, if a player walks into the restaurant the cheerleader has to leave.	Sounds very unfair to me
DSTC10TOPICAL-000594	I guess that is not a lot considering how long they have been around	That is true actually. Do you know the programming language Python?	I have heard of it, is that somehow related to comedy	yes, he plays the clarinet so he is always having fun.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000595	I sometimes watch football. You?	I like watching it when it's on! Can you believe there is only 11 minutes of actual gameplay?	I can. they do so much standing around and waiting. it feels like they try to run down the clock. i wouldnt buy a ticket. too expensive.	I am sure you wouldn't have them on long trips!
DSTC10TOPICAL-000596	True. It was my pleasure to talk with you.	Have a good day my friend watch a disney film for me today	Sure.	Try to keep cool
DSTC10TOPICAL-000597	Ha! Maybe so! I mean, there's only 11 minutes of live NFL gameplay on average so it wouldn't hurt to have a few female players, I wouldn't think!	Maybe there is to many advertisements, what do yo think ? Or if the players played more than 11 minutes, they would get more injuries ?	I think it's primarily the commercials. Crazy to think it's only 11 minutes though! I wonder if the chips they use to track the movement of players only tracks 11 minutes worth?	I think i am very well educated. I think it is very useful for gambling purposes.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000598	Yes and they also have to leave mid meal if they walk in	Yes it is absurd and sexist and it needs to go	I agree. THey are using tracking chips on the players now	I don't know if you follow this sport but they put chips in the footballs to track velocity, rotation, ball speed and location.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000599	Yes they are and they are collecting many stats such as velocity and rotation and others	Yeah. Do you know who Benjarvus Green-Ellis is?	Of course I do, he played for the Patriots and never fumbled the ball in his career	The Patriot way is best.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000600	That stat actually surprises me with how much football players work! Did you know that in the 60s even top bowlers made more than football players? !	I wasn't aware of that, actually. That's sad and unfair - almost as bad as the Saints cheerleaders not being allowed to dine in the same restaurant as the football players.	That's terrible, especially since the cheerleaders need to leave even if they were there first. Talk about no womens rights?	Yes, definitely. The cheerleaders have to leave if a player walks in, no matter what.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000601	How great is that! So important. The library of Alexandria had a unique way of gathering books by making all ships visiting surrender their books for copy .	They must have had a impressive collection	How unfair, they would copy their books give them back the copy and keep the originals.	That is exactly why they didn't stick around and stay put. I wish I could work somewhere where I could share the workload.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000602	Wow. Didn't know that. Antarctica has a disc golf course	Oh that would be a cold course! A golf course in Dubai requires 4 million gallons of water!	That is a lot of water. The US have more golf courses than the world combined	That is incredible! Can you imagine winning that much money?
DSTC10TOPICAL-000603	How things have changed now. Did you hear they are using tracking chips on the players now?	Yes they are collecting information such as velocity and rotation and a bunch others, Wonder what for though.	I hope they can somehow use them to make the game safer and decrease the number of concussions	That is a good idea. I wish more people were as open minded as me
DSTC10TOPICAL-000604	Yes. They are definitely a power couple. Do you watch Game of Thrones? The author called the Pats the Lannisters of the NFL!	Yeah I've heard that one ;) really funny but what does it mean - they always pay their debt ? ;) lol	Did you know that in the 1960's bowlers made twice as much as top football stars?	that is wild, we don't have bowling stars much these days.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000605	I am not sure. But I'd definitely see the recent Spider Man film. I heard it was really good. And it won some Oscars	I heard it was really good, hes not my favorite superhero, but Id definitely see it also.	Do you read any other comic books?	Not too many, but I have seen a few.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000606	Wow. Drogba once stopped a civil war in his country	WOw amazing. Even Jon Steward used to be a soccer player	Nice a tv host and a soccer player, lots of talent there	You are lucky to have her
DSTC10TOPICAL-000607	They give 24 awards to talented people in the film industry annually.	Yes, Did you know that Daniel Day-Lewis is the only actor to win Best Actor at the Oscars 3 times.	No, I did not know that. Thanks for the info. I always like to know the facts related to the entertainment industry.	No problem at all!
DSTC10TOPICAL-000608	Friends was a great show, they had so much talent there. I was and am more of a Seinfeld fan, 3rd rock was ok.	I just love that comedies generally have a happy ending. I love to smile and laugh.	Yeah same here, and comedy is pretty hard to do right!	What other hobbies do you have
DSTC10TOPICAL-000609	I watch it most weekends. I prefer the NFL to college football or any other league.	I was shocked to find out that an average NFL game, only has 11 minutes of live gameplay.	They do keep the time running while the teams are setting up & calling a new play a lot so I guess it's not too surprising. They still earn a lot of money for the little work they do.	That is for sure, but the amount of money they make just fluctuates so much, even with high salaries.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000610	do you know much about the universe?	Some stuff. There is a theory that it was formed through evolution	Yeah and another one that there is only one electron in it	Oh ok that makes sense
DSTC10TOPICAL-000611	Originally the runner-up would become vice president. So in our last election we would had vice president Hillary Clinton and president Trump. Talk about a lot of drama haha	Wow! That would have been crazy. We are much too partisan for that now. Maybe it would force us to work together more. Off topic but do you watch a lot of TV?	I watch a little bit of TV. since I don't have cable I only watch Netflix mostly. I like the show stranger things, what about you?	I love stranger things. What is it about a boy who lives in a strange world and accidentally awakens one day from it
DSTC10TOPICAL-000612	Jefferson created a bible? How much money did he make on it? I know he was rich.	Yeah he created a version of it and took out all the supernatural stuff because he did not believe in it	There must not have been much left! I guess it was short book. Why did Jefferson do this? Was he angry at God or something?	Something was inside the body. They ate a man. They will rise again.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000613	I am not sure but it is shot in California in an Ikea store and people there do not even know	WOw. Do you like radio dramas?	I like them sometimes. Do you listen to them?	I used to a long time ago
DSTC10TOPICAL-000614	Probably. I guess it's written into their contract.	football players are having too much troubles already	That's true. But it seems everyone else has to change their ways for them.	Everyone has their talents.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000615	Yes, have you seen Iron Man, if yes did you like it?	Yes. Even after ten years it holds up quite well!	That's true, I even like the actor in Iron Man as much as the movie itself. He is one of my favorite actor.	That is so cool, he is very talented
DSTC10TOPICAL-000616	I understand their thinking. They felt that they should be loyal to the law of the land and the people of the US.	Do you like football?	Football is a fun sport. I don't get a chance to watch it much. You?	Yeah I played as a quarterback when I was in high school.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000617	Yes that is amazing, was also shocked when I read that	I guess I find all of it fascinating. How did someone figure out that these waves could be converted into sound?	I know its crazy, I wonder if it was one of those I have an idea moments	I'm sure it is, I love one direction.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000618	OK. Did you know that females could play in the NFL ?	No but i dont like how cheerleaders are forbidden from eating in the same restaurant as any nfl player	That is crazy that they would have to leave if a player comes in.	They pay me but i have to go to work
DSTC10TOPICAL-000619	Absolutely - there is a reason the lifetime earnings of an engineer is higher than that of a nfl player - their career is a lot longer.	It's funny to think that back in the 1960s, bowlers were paid more. I can't imagine sitting around and watching bowling being more exciting, but bowling alleys were popular.	Yeah I do love bowling though its been a while since I did it. There are more female bowlers though - even though it is allowed for women to play in the NFL, there aren't any.	Seriously? Maybe that explains why so few of them do! I wish there were more women in the workforce.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000620	I guess. Do you know how the polos were invented?	Yes they were invented by a tennis player Rene Lacoste	Yes and then was adopted by others and the rest is history	that is nice, adoption is an awesome thing to do.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000621	What a guy really. Did you know about that weird rule that New Orleans cheerleader shave to abide to?	Yeah about not being able to eat in the same restaurant as the players. What is up with that?	Yeah and they have to leave mid meal. That rule is sexist and has to go	I think its up to you if you want to go to work there
DSTC10TOPICAL-000622	i do like to watch football. only get the chance from time to time. You?	I do. Did you know that the NFL has no written rules against female players?	i heard something about that, but then again i dont think they ever imagined a woman showing up to try out.	i don't think women like that sort of thing. but maybe they are just more focused on partying
DSTC10TOPICAL-000623	I do from time to time.	me too, I am a university of iowa football fan, they paint their visitors locker room pink!	That's cool. Do you watch the NFL at all?	Only on tv. Does that count?
DSTC10TOPICAL-000624	hahaha, it is just so much fun, the game itself and all the cheering and the fans. How about the animal world, do you take much interest there?	Yeah I am a big fan of animals and nature, how about you?	Most definitely, I love science in general. Crazy to think we share the planet with 20 quintillion other species of animals	So true!
DSTC10TOPICAL-000625	Yes I guess football was not that popular back then as it is now	True. Do you know the highest score in college football?	Yes that is 222-0 when Georgia Tech beat Cumberland	Holy cow! that's amazing! I can't believe what you just said!
DSTC10TOPICAL-000626	yes, I'd like to learn how do that myself. Apparently, you just use a razor blade and a pencil as a diode. I believe that they were called Foxhole radios.	Did you know that you can hear Jupiter radio songs on AM radio?	Well, I think it is radio storms that are so strong that they can be picked up and heard on the AM radio.	What a stinky situation. Must be so loud.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000627	I would if I had that kind of crazy money but it's so many shelter animals it would not be smart.	Have you ever used Pandora Radio?	Yes! I enjoy the service, How about you?	I love it as much as I love to drive the Ferraris
DSTC10TOPICAL-000628	Hi do you like movies?	Good Afternoon! Yes, I do enjoy movies and I try to watch a new release at least once a month. You?	That is cool, do not do it as often. One of the ones that I admire the most is star wars series which started in 1977	Star Wars is one of my favorites and would probably be a lot harder on my digestion if i didn't have that problem.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000629	I didn't know that, do you know if they still do that?	They still make rubber boots yes	Boots have a lot of interesting history in general. I believe the first people to ever be photographed were a man and the cleaner cleaning his boots.	That's funny and also makes me hungry
DSTC10TOPICAL-000630	Yes it is indeed. I enjoy the Internet. It's addicting and can cause measurable changes in the brain.	It is hard to get away from the internet. Even Mt Everest has service!	Yes that is so hard to believe! When buying a product or service online, only 7% of people read the full terms.	Yes, I remember as a child the Halloween horror movies.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000631	Did you know that Hugh Jackman once walked around comic con in his full wolverine costume and no one even noticed him?	haha I didn't know that. That's pretty cool! Sean Bean is so scared of flying that he hiked into location in full costume when filming the Lord of the Rings.	wow that is crazy.. There is a great pianist on tv right now - do you play?	you want to compete with me in a race? i'll win
DSTC10TOPICAL-000632	I didnt know that, I wonder if players are ok with that, chips can gather all kinds of info and it can be a bit invasive	Well I think it is only during games so they can get velocity and rotation and such. They must be okay with it since they are keeping them in their pads	Oh I see, so this only applies to games, a thing I dont like about the game is that a lot of the times is wasted on ads, theres only a total of 11 minutes of live play	So that sounds like a winner
DSTC10TOPICAL-000633	That is pretty cool that there is no written rule against them and hope to see them in the field soon	Yeah I hope so too. Did you know engineers make more int heir lifetime?	Yeah and I wonder if that fact that they have longer careers has anything to do with that	I think it does, but I don't think it does a whole lot.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000634	Ok, yes. It could. I'm not advocating that women. play. In fact, they'd be better off as engineers probably. The average lifetime earnings of an engineer is higher than the average lifetime earnings of an NFL player.	Probably due to injury related early retirement	True. Engineers have fewer concussions.	Well thats good to know.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000635	There's a lot of money in European soccer. I guess it helps to diversity across sports and locations.	Yes, I imagine.	Soccer seems to be a game that's more fun to play than watch. I understand the appeal in countries where people grow up playing it. Recently some American got signed to a European team for a ton of cash. Maybe	That's really nice of them! Sounds like a nice deal!
DSTC10TOPICAL-000636	Oh I see, interesting, and yeah, I see your point that definitely sells movies or at least creates interest in them.	The fact that he was so well-known and considered a comic legend just shows how effective he was at those spots. Before Iron Man was released in 2008, many people didn't even realize comics were still being published.	I can imagine after all the whole Marvel franchise is live because of him and will keep on living long after his death.	What a weird world this world is
DSTC10TOPICAL-000637	That's interesting, the evolutionary things are so cool, I get the hiccups a lot too.	Haha I think I have the right now. I'm just glad though that Scotland passed a lot to protect the Loch Ness monster back in 1912 just in case it exists lol	That's funny, I'd definitely be a lawyer in Switzerland to represent the animals, love them!	You are a very funny person! Thank you!
DSTC10TOPICAL-000638	You are kind of right, but definitely something underneath is going on with him.	I guess, maybe I don't think it's the big of deal to be upset as long as you acknowledge that it was wrong. A bit of anger can be healthy.	And I have to admit that the reporter was pushing him a little bit.	I don't like reporters that push themselves.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000639	I think it is a good platform for that by the way.	Not everyone does though. Burger King had a promotions that you got a free whopper if you unfriend 10 people. I wonder what inspired that.	I think that Burger King was just looking for media attention which they got.	You have your priorities straight!
DSTC10TOPICAL-000640	Yes I actually have a DIY project in my home right now. Im watching YouTube to complete it.	It is such a great thing. There is actually NOTHING I have tried to look up that I didn't find!	I know, there is a ton of info available, even material from corporations like CBS and BBC, I think YouTube is a great invention.	Really, what do you research?
DSTC10TOPICAL-000641	I have a passing knowledge	Same here. The highest scoring game ever was 222-0! That must have been something to watch!	Either the winning team was just that good or the losing team was just that bad	I see, maybe we will see another match when both teams have some good players with good managerial skills.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000642	It is true, I do enjoy watching the Super Bowl.	Me too although it was pretty boring this year.	Yeah, it was very boring.	lol
DSTC10TOPICAL-000643	What tv drama does he act in?	I don't like his movies to be honest. One more celebrity news is that actor Michael caine became an actor because all the prettiest girls at his school were in drama class.	Michael is one of my all-time favorite actors!	Oh man, I have a very close friend named Michael!
DSTC10TOPICAL-000644	I may have seen one a very long time ago. Fox did not think it would succeed so they told George lucas if he directed it he would get all merchandising rights to himself. He must have made a fortune.	Oh I actually knew that about the films! He definitely made a fortune. They thought that the entire franchise would never make any money - especially when it came to toys and such. I bet they regret every bit of	Yes, and his wife Marcia was the reason they made all the good changes. She even won an award for it.	Her sounds like a great loving spouse
DSTC10TOPICAL-000645	Engineers came up with that! Probably a better profession for women to choose. The average lifetime earnings of an engineer are higher than the average lifetime earnings of an NFL player.	I wonder why that is! Maybe because engineers have to work longer? After all football games only have about 11 minutes of live game play.	True, but there is little risk of concussion as an engineer.	That is true, but at the same time not worth it
DSTC10TOPICAL-000646	I would certainly take the engineer career path in that case. It would certainly be much easier on your body.	Yes, can you believe that in the 60s top pro bowlers made twice as much as footballs players? Talk about a job that's easy on you body!	That would be much easier on your body. I can't imagine that paying more. Times have changed. Were you also aware that 14 of the world's 25 largest stadiums are American college football team stadiums?	The fans love our football teams! I can't wait for the playoffs!
DSTC10TOPICAL-000647	Wow cool. Did you know that superbowl is very small compared to soccer events?	Wow, I guess since so many people around the works like the sport	Yeah true. Did you know Greenland cannot join FIFA?	Oh no! Well, I know that can happen. But why can't they join FIFA?
DSTC10TOPICAL-000648	Yeah. Did you know women can play in the NFL?	Yea there is no rule against that as long as they qualify	Yes. The game average is only 11 minutes of play anyways	I get it now
DSTC10TOPICAL-000649	Isn't that crazy? Almost as crazy as the thought that it is impossible to separate two phonebooks whose pages have overlapped.	Yeah or that the cables carrying phone and internet data are under water lying on the oceans floor.	Are you a Simpsons fan? There is only one episode where Bart is not present, or even mentioned.	Yes and i really love that show
DSTC10TOPICAL-000650	Yeah, I think I saw him play the piano in several films some of them had Jazz songs.	Clint is great! He is not much of a singer though. On a related note, Im astonished that Pakistan has a jazz orchestra. I did not imagine jazz as popular in that part of the world.	Pakistan has an orchestra? that is an interesting fact indeed, do you know why trumpeters grew goatees?	not really. why?
DSTC10TOPICAL-000651	No, I've never heard anything like that. I did hear, though, that there's a website where you can listen to thousands of episodes of classic radio dramas for free although I never had the pleasure of doing so.	Interesting, I'm not a huge fan of classic radio dramas.	Me neither but I like to investigate old school. Old school is interesting. As a matter of old school, did you know that the circular huddle in football was created by Paul D. Hubbard, a deaf QB, so the other	That's interesting. It's a good sign of respect.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000652	For almost each trip I make when I don't know where it is, especially on out of town trips	same, i use it a lot when i'm going to familiar places too in order to see if there is traffic on the road or an accident	Whenever Google goes down even for one second, there is usually a big uproar by users	I am always around people when they go down.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000653	yeah! it was founded back in 1923 and it is definitely approaching 100 years. That seems really insane to me	It definitely has established itself as a leader in the animation industry. Everyone knows who they are and has seen a Disney movie!	Yes I agree! What is your favorite Disney movie by the way? I really like The Little Mermaid and Beauty and the Beast	Beauty and the Beast. I never liked Frozen myself
DSTC10TOPICAL-000654	No! What teams did that?	Georgia Tech versus Cumberland.	That sounds like two college teams. That couldn't have been any time recently right?	Not really
DSTC10TOPICAL-000655	No I didn't know that! Doesn't seem like that makes any sense to me haha. Did you know that our rules for elections changed in 1805?	I agree. No I did not. How did they change?	Originally the runner-up would become vice president. So in our last election we would had vice president Hillary Clinton and president Trump. Talk about a lot of drama haha	That is like how the 2 elephants ended up with vice president clinton and president trump...
DSTC10TOPICAL-000656	That is crazy! You could buy an xbox for a whole lot less! Did you know that South Korea has laws on how late at night kids can play video games?	no! How late? do you know?	I do. They can't play past midnight.	Might as well stay up late and play!
DSTC10TOPICAL-000657	It is very helpful to view football though.	Yes. A simple thing can make a huge difference.	Yes, most of the best inventions are very simple. Do you like the Patriots?	Definitely. I played there as a kid.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000658	Power to the animals! Germany also protects them as they were the first country to universally give animals constitutional rights!	That's hilarious! There's a jellyfish that can live forever.	Wow. blessing and a curse I suppose. I hate getting the hiccups but apparently its from early evolution of having both gills and lungs.	Have you tried acupuncture or aromatherapy?
DSTC10TOPICAL-000659	I have read some. Mostly online. I was never a Marvel fan until the movies came out though. Unless it was someone big like Spiderman. It amazing how release times of movies can affect each other.	Spiderman is very popular. The rights cost Sony $10 mill	They seem like a company who should make that much. They created a superhero for a 4 year old boy, just so he would be more comfortable about his hearing aids.	THat is wonderful that they are so supportive!
DSTC10TOPICAL-000660	Hi, how are you? Are you ready for a fine chat today?	For sure. Do you watch the NFL at all?	The NFL? The National Football League? Yes, I've heard of it. Is it any good?	Oh it's kind of like soccer but for americans.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000661	Yeah I agree with you on that. Do you know what the average actual time of gameplay is for an average NFL game?	Something like 10 minutes, right? I think I heard that when they were talking about the chips in the shoulder pads of the players.	Yeah it's only 11 minutes of actual gameplay, the rest is spent calling plays and moving chains and stuff. Yeah I have heard about that too, very interesting.	What position did you play?
DSTC10TOPICAL-000662	I don't know. I think their hands are a bit tied because there are not many options for Quarterback on the team.	I was hoping that the Giants would put him to play instead of Eli	I think they will. Eli is already 37 years old.	oh that's so old haha i know it is rough
DSTC10TOPICAL-000663	It was really good. A different type of marvel movie which was great	I like the comedy ones. i am not really into explosions and fight scenes. they get old.	That is a good point, seeing it once was good enough to like. It was so nice chatting with you!	Sure it was. I wish you the best of luck with your comic!
DSTC10TOPICAL-000664	That is a lot. Did you know there is a town , where the Mayor is a cat?	I think that is in Alaska, right?	Yes, the town is Talkeetna, and the cat has been major since 1997	Wow, that's so long ago. How did you get the cat?
DSTC10TOPICAL-000665	What kind of book is it?	I suppose it depends on who you ask. I believe that he believes it's spiritual but a critic called it cult like and creepy.	What do you think though?	That we are all made to die for
DSTC10TOPICAL-000666	That was a good game. They started out as a playing card company. I didn't know they owned the Mariners.	No I didn't know that either. I also didn't know that they made a handheld system just for the game Pokemon back in 2001, I wonder what system that was	I never heard of that either. I wonder if it was only for the Japanese market? At the Mariners games, you can install an app for the 3DS to order food.	it was for the iphone but they really did not understand
DSTC10TOPICAL-000667	Hahaha I wonder. Do you know what the highest score in football is?	Yeah, that would be the Georgia Tech crushing of Cumberland, 222-0. Ouch!	I know I wonder how they felt after that	You might have seen a ghost in the attic.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000668	Yes, I do! I just hope it is not hosted by Jimmy Kimmel again. Do you plan on watching?	yes if i can remember the day. will you have a viewing party?	Usually just watch it by myself. What does a viewing party consist of exactly?	Nothing. There's just like 20 people in there so it's a lot of fun.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000669	It's amazing how much technology is used in the NFL these days	Yes, I was reading about the chips that they're using in shoulder pads. I hope the data they gather that way will be used to prevent injuries.	And it's interesting how ESPN won an Emmy for that yellow line they created.	Yes they did! Do you have a fav team?
DSTC10TOPICAL-000670	Do you watch the rest of the NFL? I do even though there is 11 minutes of actual action in a 3 hour broadcast.	I do, games tend to be really long and Im not convinced by that fact, games seem to last a lot longer, gameplay and all, I wonder if its actually true	Well the NFL tracks everything. They even have chips in shoulder pads and footballs for tracking so I am pretty sure they are accurate.	Yes! Very accurate as well! Especially with how fast they throw the ball.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000671	Yeah he is definitely very smart. I guess there is also a theory where there is just one electron in the whole universe as well.	hmm that is strange I haven't heard that, kim jong un has a degree in physics so maybe he knows haha	Holy cow, I didn't know that about him, very interesting.	That is what matters the most, is you working or retired?
DSTC10TOPICAL-000672	Are you a fan of Tom Cruise?	I do like some of his movies.	Did you know Seinfeld is worth more than Tom Cruise and Tom Hanks combined?	Huh?
DSTC10TOPICAL-000673	Yeah I hope we get to see them in the field at some point	Yeah me too. THe gameplay is only 11 minutes anyways	Yes and yet we are glued to the tv for hours on end	And then there is that annoying fact about the commercials
DSTC10TOPICAL-000674	That's interesting! Will you be watching the Superbowl? I heard it's coming up	I hope the Eagles make it again. Hopefully they don't have to set up a court though	Ha. I don't usually watch football but will probably watch the Superbowl. The suspense is exciting.	Which Superbowl did you watch?
DSTC10TOPICAL-000675	I do not really, are they good? Maybe I should check them out	Well there is a free website of them if you would like to check it out	Yeah that is nice. Did you know that there is a radio station that turns solar energy into tunes	Neat, how often do you listen to it?
DSTC10TOPICAL-000676	That seems unfair. A lot about football seems unfair. For example, New Orleans Saints cheerleaders can't eat in the same restaurant as any NFL player. If they are already dining at a restaurant and an NFL player comes in after,	That is so wrong and sexist, I cannot believe they still have that rule. Did you know ESPN won an Emmy once?	I believe it. ESPN has been around for a long time. They should have won at least once.	It's amazing what they can do with that kind of money!
DSTC10TOPICAL-000677	I bet they are regretting this choice and someone definetely got fired lol, It sure cost them billions.	The franchise itself is worth $65 billion.	I like that Star Wars explored the universe, although many things of the movie are fiction it made me wonder as a kid, you know that there are stars that are cold enough that can be touched with bare hands	You should check it out sometime. Where are you from
DSTC10TOPICAL-000678	That is interesting, it goes to show just how big the NFL has gotten since then.	I think engineers make more, as well.	Over the average career they do, I think it takes in account how long their careers are compared to pro sports players.	I have no idea, but I think short term contracts should be in place when people work a part time job.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000679	Good morning! Yes, I am. What about you?	I watch mostly college, but I tend to watch most during playoff time.	That's cool, I like NFL football.	The 49ers, and you?
DSTC10TOPICAL-000680	Yeah I recently just found that out. Would you say you're pretty religious?	You would think since there's only 11 minutes of live NFL gameplay, we'd at least have a female kicker by now, right? But I do like to read the Bible from time to time. What about you?	Right, I can't believe it's so short considering a game is like 3 hours long when watching it. I am not too religious but I do read the Bible from time to time	oh i see
DSTC10TOPICAL-000681	I didn't know that. What did they win it for?	It was pretty strange but they got it for inventing the superimposed yellow line	Interesting! RB Former RB Benjarvus Green-Ellis never fumbled during his NFL career. That's pretty incredible.	Thanks that is so nice of you to say
DSTC10TOPICAL-000682	Right!! Are you interested in football history? I'm looking forward to the Super Bowl coming up. The original first NFL playoff game was way back in 1932.	That is wild, to be honest I kind of thought that playoff games happened earlier than that, I do know that the highest scoring football game was 222-0 although I don't remember what teams were playing	Wow. That must have been some boring game! The game today is so technologically involved. They even use tracking chips to monitor the ball speed, etc. and the players moves.	They are completely new to the game. Now they love to play! I was shocked when my son said Michael Jordan was the best player ever.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000683	Matt Patricia is a male lol, he is a rocket scientist and also a coach in the NFL	Wow, I feel a little embarrassed for not knowing that, first chance I get I will read upon him.	Patricia its a girls name so don't worry its an honest mistake, he must be a really smart guy though being a rocket scientist and all	Wow, that's impressive.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000684	New orleans saints cheerleaders are forbidden from eating in the same restaurant as any nfl player and if they are already dining at a restaurant and an nfl player comes in after, the cheerleaders are required to leave. Isn't this	Yeah, that's pretty crazy. The average lifetime earnings of an engineer is higher than the average lifetime earnings of an nfl player and an average mlb player.	Now that's suprising. I wonder how much would that be	It could be $50, 000!
DSTC10TOPICAL-000685	Hi there, do you watch the NFL games?	The NFL? The National Football League? I've heard of it. Is that still around?	Yeah of course it is a big deal nowadays. Much bigger than in the 60 when Bowling was a bigger sport	Yeah it is super high now
DSTC10TOPICAL-000686	Same here. The highest scoring game ever was 222-0! That must have been something to watch!	Either the winning team was just that good or the losing team was just that bad	Or both! Did you know in the NFL they only play for around 11 minutes per game?	oh wow, I did not know that, thats amazing!
DSTC10TOPICAL-000687	Well he is doing what it takes to stay at the top of his game at age 40	coupled with avocado ice cream as well.	Did you know that the visiting football teams is completely painted pink ?	no, i had no idea.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000688	A Mars colonization project planned for 2023 will be funded by creating a reality TV show.	What the heck, I wonder who will sign up for that show?	HAHA no idea!	oh you are hilarious
DSTC10TOPICAL-000689	Me too. Hopefully nothing wrong with Lebron	im not a lebron fan !!! im hoping something is a little wrong with him haha	whatever. Btw, do you watch football games this season	not usually, but when i do, i like to watch my favorite team, the ravens.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000690	Google employees that need help could improve their knowledge by reading it.	Did you know robots can be controlled by using rat brains?	I heard that it's personality is changed depending on the brain they used.	Yes, we have to make an appointment beforehand.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000691	Yes they do. I wonder how big they are.	Me too! Interesting that they live underwater too	seems like you can't escape bugs anywhere from the ocean to the sky	the ocean is near me, i will not forget to close it.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000692	He really does, he was drafted as a number one pick in 2005 too.	Do you go to football games? I've been to one once in my life at Indiana University.	Ive been to quite a few at Florida State, but no pro games. There is only 11 minutes of live action anyway	That is true, however it seems that the ads are everywhere!
DSTC10TOPICAL-000693	That's great. Did you know that espn won an award.	Yes! It is so interesting to learn the history behind things such as the symbols representing first down lines in American football games.	I haven't heard about those. I do know they are going to add tracking chips in the padding of the players.	Right they are trying to put the chips inside the balls so they can tell if the ball has hit a batter or not
DSTC10TOPICAL-000694	I honestly can say I do not remember a science fiction film winning an Oscar for best picture. It usually ends up be some dramatic movie or something. Its possible they may have won before my time, but I don't	Yeah, what's you're favorite sci-fi film?	Off the top of my head I can't think of one. I love movies dealing with aliens and such though. I also enjoy when the sci fi has a little bit of a fear element to it. What is your	i like action movies, all types of aliens, they are really cool.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000695	I am not positive, but I think the original 1977.	Yea that one is my favorite. It's crazy the entire Star Wars franchise is worth 65 billion	Wow yes, I remember it was one of the most popular and high rated movie that brought in millions.	yes it is the new nba 2k19
DSTC10TOPICAL-000696	I hope so too. On another topic, do you know anything about the Bible?	I do actually. I know that is has sold over 5 billion copies now	That is a lot of books. I guess that is why is one of the most influential books in history	Exactly! What else do you do for fun?
DSTC10TOPICAL-000697	Hello, How are you? Do you like football?	Football? Yes, it is a great game! The world loves the football!	Yes, especially the US, the NFL. were you meaning the soccer game?	Yeah! It was incredible watching the whole thing
DSTC10TOPICAL-000698	Do you watch the NFL?	A little, you? I can't watch like i use to years ago so im not current.	Which of the 32 teams is your favorite?	Pittsburgh steelers
DSTC10TOPICAL-000699	I guess? They say Shakespeare's works take on a different meaning when performed with an era appropriate accent instead of a modern one. I think I'd like to watch and listen to one.	I would too. I wonder if he could play piano?	He may have, he seemed very talented. Can you play piano?	I cant say I know a lot about that subject.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000700	I can't even imagine what it must have felt like to lose that badly. I think the game should have been stopped.	Yea that is a pretty appalling performance by Cumberland, there hasn't been a worse performance in over a 100 years	That's an interesting fact. What do you think about the team that painted the opposing teams locker room pink?	I am not a fan of them. They are nasty
DSTC10TOPICAL-000701	It is 222-0 and it dates back to 1916 when Georgia Tech beat Cumberland	Yeah what a game really. Did you know ESPN won an Emmy once?	Yeah they won it for the superimposed yellow line and I am happy about that .	The younger generation love these fun games
DSTC10TOPICAL-000702	222-0. I dont even see how that is possible. That one team must have been really bad.	Perhaps a combination of the winning team being just that good and the losing team being so bad	Ive seen some blow outs, but never by that much.	Has your career taken a turn lately?
DSTC10TOPICAL-000703	I would think for sure Trump would be the wealthiest! Maybe Trump could make some pop albums while in office like the president in Indonesia did! haha, that would bring in more money! Then he could have concerts too! haha,	Maybe he can make it to the top 3 if he sold a decent amount of albums lol, it would be crazy and it is sure fun to imagine.	Wouldn't it! I wonder if the president ever goes to any Football games or goes to concerts, or rather have them come to him lol....I love concerts and have been to many but not any lately.	They usually play locally.  Thats cool
DSTC10TOPICAL-000704	Yeah and won an award for it.	Do you like baseball? A married couple scheduled all the games up until 2005. In fact they scheduled 2430 games.	That is a lot of time dedicated to baseball lol I hope they got paid! It is nice when couples have a hobby that they are so passionate about though.	yeah it takes a lot of time
DSTC10TOPICAL-000705	They did not use a Bible at their swearing-in ceremonies. I think they swore on the Constitution.	It interesting how the work apple came about	That is an interesting coincidence. The word "malus" means both apple and evil. So Eve actually ate evil.	Dang! Good luck with that!
DSTC10TOPICAL-000706	Wow. Do you like the nfl?	I sure do. Did you know Snoop Dog wrote a song for his son's team?	Cool. Did you know U of Iowa painted the visitor locker room pink?	Who paints the locker rooms pink?
DSTC10TOPICAL-000707	That is crazy, then why does it take 3 hours? Seems like it should move along faster.	They must be going from snap to whistle but that still seems way low.	I agree with that, it must be all the commercials	yeah, same with me. i just got this new car, and i love it.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000708	Ya, I would say that from my experience that means that 40% of the music on a canadian radio is probably not very good haha	Right!! Are you interested in football history? I'm looking forward to the Super Bowl coming up. The original first NFL playoff game was way back in 1932.	That is wild, to be honest I kind of thought that playoff games happened earlier than that, I do know that the highest scoring football game was 222-0 although I don't remember what teams were playing	My team doesn't usually make it to the playoffs, but we went to one and they ended up getting a bye for the following year.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000709	Oh for sure! Do you like science at all?	I do like science, I think that scientists make big contributions to society, they make human kind better and smarter.	Well said! Did you know the NFL has a coach who was a rocket scientist?	I didn't know that
DSTC10TOPICAL-000710	Yes I guess they also have longer careers to it adds up	True. Did you hear of that rule for Saints cheerleaders?	Yes they are not allowed to eat in the same place as the players	They are eating at this table by the pool.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000711	You never know I guess, time will tell. Did you hear about them using tracking chips on the players while in the field?	I knew they track he balls, but they track players too?	Yes it is in their shoulder pads and they are tracking stuff like velocity and rotation and such	I had one growing up. They suck
DSTC10TOPICAL-000712	Yes that was for the indian releases because they were afraid to insult them	Yeah. Do you like fiction work?	I do. Do you know who wrote the oldest example of a cyborg?	What is a cyborg
DSTC10TOPICAL-000713	Um, no, I don't. I don't know much about football. There are many teams in many places and many players with many faces.	Yeah that is true. Do you know how many teams are there?	There are probably 2 or 3 dozen that are good at football. Good enough to be professional.	I dont think they want to be when they grow up. I have one that's 5 years old and a few that's 2 and 3. Just trying to figure out what they want to be.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000714	Yeah I think I have read about that rule, seems a bit outdated to me.	Yea, there is no way anyone would support that or they would be fighting for their rights	Agreed, did you know that there is NO rule on female players?	Why don't you think women should play sports?
DSTC10TOPICAL-000715	I would imagine that the graphics were very different between the 3 different versions.	Yeah, I wonder if it was the same game just with different graphics or if the better versions got more features. That would've confused the heck outta me, having 3 versions of the same game.	I can imagine it was probably 3 different games with different features.	It's too bad you could not play any of them, maybe you should pick up another console.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000716	yes, i dont really know golf and swimming well but they look like interesting activities.	Same here. I've heard that students at Cornell have to pass a basic swimming test before they can graduate.	i wonder where that came from. maybe other colleges require the same sort of things, i dunno.	i was going to ask if you attend college?
DSTC10TOPICAL-000717	yea that rule forbidding cheerleader from the same place as football players is outdated and sexist	I agree. Pretty funny that U of Iowa painted their visitor's locker room pink though	Yea, Iowa must be trying to psych out the visiting team with those pink locker rooms lol	Are you a fan of any of the pro sports teams
DSTC10TOPICAL-000718	No I haven't. How much can stars make?	Some make more than 100,000 per weekend!	Wow, pretty cool. Seems like it would be good to break up the routine as well.	Yeah.  We will see what happens.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000719	That would be scary. When you turn 100 in Japan, the PM sends you a silver cup to celebrate.	Do a lot of people turn a 100 in Japan?	Apparently they do. They will need to start making cheaper silver cups lol.	Haha, that's a great point! I'd be willing to try that out.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000720	I like to watch football, yeah, not my favorite sport but its nice	Yeah I watch it from time to time too. DO you like Tom Brady?	He is the QB for the Patriots right? I guess he is a great player, I watched the last Super bowl and he threw an amazing pass	Correct, it is Brady!
DSTC10TOPICAL-000721	it does i only know that the super bowl is in the first week of February.	They only rest one of the 17 weeks of the season.	Yes it's called a bye week. apparently the patriots fans have their own creed called in bill we trust.	Hahaha, I will say that one more time.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000722	I do sometimes. Did you know you can catch Jupiter's storms on am radio	Wow cool. Among the most popular radio acts in the 30s was a ventriloquist	Hmm interesting. Have you ever heard of foxhole radio and what they are?	Not really. what is it?
DSTC10TOPICAL-000723	Oh I think I would have too haha. Maybe back when it was painted people cared less about football, like in the 1960s when even bowlers made more money.	Yeah I think that Bowlers made like twice as much as football stars actually, what do you think about ESPN winning an Emmy though? They want it back or creating the yellow line that you see in football for first	Oh I didn't know that! I think that's nice though, they certainly deserve recognition for it. I know Benjarvus Green-Ellis never fumbled the ball, I wonder if he got an award for it too.	The patriots were amazing, I think he should get a bonus for that.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000724	That is probably because they want to raise awareness of breast cancer. A lot of football players get breast cancer.	Maybe, I do not know the reason behind it. Bowlers seems made more money in the 60s than the football players	Bowlers probably were the ideal athletes back in the day and got respect for it. They never painted the lanes or the ball pink. Little breast cancer awareness.	Oh no!  I'm sorry to hear that.  Can you ever get a new job?
DSTC10TOPICAL-000725	i loved the movie. did you watch it?	No, but I guess I better watch the DVD. Is it time for woman's equality among the superheroes?	yeah. it was the highest grossing superhero origin movie?	i did not know that. do you like the movie?
DSTC10TOPICAL-000726	Hello. Do you use Google much? A single Google search is so powerful!	I love Google, it is the #1 search engine, how about you	Yes I love it too. I mention that it was a powerful search engine. A single search requires more computing power than it took to send Neil Armstrong to the moon.	That is amazing
DSTC10TOPICAL-000727	Oh my gosh, you are a wealth of knowledge. I love it	Bugs sure are interesting, to think they can be found in almost every environment!	I imagine that there is a vast amount of species of insects and bugs. I never would've realized that there are even bugs in the ocean.	I was really amazed by that too. It must be very fascinating to look at.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000728	I did not know that! I wonder how many have tried out for the NFL.	I don't think any have tried. It would have been big news.	Yeah. I wonder if it will ever happen.	I hope it does. Thats not something that can be fixed.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000729	wow that is interesting. did you watch wonder woman?	I did, and it was a great movie! It's no wonder that it's the highest-grossing superhero movie	yeah and also the highest grossing WWI movie too	have you seen even the one about afghanistan?
DSTC10TOPICAL-000730	Yeah, kissing is kind of a weird concept though when you think about it. There is a contest where writers try to come up with the worst possible opening sentence to a novel. I wonder what it is.	Hmm, coming up with the worse opening line in a novel actually sounds quite challenging	Yeah, I'm betting some of them are pretty funny.	Can't believe they're all so young.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000731	Hi there, do you watch the NFL?	Yes, I like to watch nfl games, do you like the games also?	Yes me too. Did you know the U of Iowa visitor locker room is pink?	I didnt know that, it would be cool to see
DSTC10TOPICAL-000732	ahhh, sorry ;) I thought we're talking about a game where players use their feet to kick the ball :)	That'	That's football :)	My dad is a top Madden player.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000733	They really did here we are almost 50 years later and it is still going strong!	That's my childhood! It shocks me to see that the value of the Star Wars franchise is $65 billion!	And that makes it only the 5th highest grossing media franchise. I wonder what beat it?	He put out two books about dealing with inner pain. It is a tough life
DSTC10TOPICAL-000734	They have certainly grown pretty fast. I love YouTube!	i do too! i also like google maps. Do you use that a lot?	For almost each trip I make when I don't know where it is, especially on out of town trips	Why do you do that
DSTC10TOPICAL-000735	well they stuck to it it seems. Did you know U of Iowa painted the visitor locker room pink?	I think that has something to do with the breast cancer awareness movement or something.	I am not sure actually. I hope that is the reason. Did you know bowlers made more money than football players in the 60s?	No way! How did you guess that?
DSTC10TOPICAL-000736	Did you know that New Orleans Saints cheerleaders cannot eat in the same restaurant as a Saints player? They have to leave the place if the player comes in.	I recently seen this somewhere, and thought was outrageous.	I think it is outrageous too because what if the cheerleader is with her family? Does that mean the cheerleader has to immediately stop eating and leave?	That is very true, it happens all the time.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000737	I didn't, but that makes sense. I think they got an Emmy for it! Aren't the Emmy's for TV shows? That's so weird.	To them it is still a show I guess. In 1916 georgia tech won 222 to zero	What?! That's crazy. And since an average game is only 11 minutes in actual live gameplay, that's especially insane!	Haha, that's probably true! They need to start charging $15 and throw away their old stuff lol
DSTC10TOPICAL-000738	No, especially high school football. I find really boring. You?	Yeah I follow the NFL just a bit, but only my local team I would say.	I have to agree with the parents who don't want their children to play because of health concerns	Very true, it will pay off for you.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000739	Women can play football? What does ESPN think of this? I suppose it doesn't effect their yellow line.	The game is really not that long, the average game is only 11 minutes of live gameplay	11 minutes is not that long a game, even for anyone to play!	its only been 10 minutes i bet you like video games.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000740	I agree. Do you know where the button down is?	Yes that is the collar tips fasten to the body of the shirt. ANd button down?	Button down is when they do not fasten to the shirt	No, they are not. I look ridiculous without them
DSTC10TOPICAL-000741	Yeah. DO you like the NFL?	I love it. Did you know women can play in the NFL too?	Yes as there is no rule that prevents them from playing	I guess they could be! They are pretty good looking guys
DSTC10TOPICAL-000742	Hi, I watch occasionally. Most big games like Super Bowl.	I didn't watch the Super Bowl this year. The Patriots won again, right?	Yes they did. The coach Belichick is the winningest coach in NFL postseason football with 21 wins. 20 of those with the Pats.	He is a great coach. I am sure he is the most decorated coach in nfl history.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000743	Brady has to come crashing down eventually, with Belichick.	Yeah I would say that run is about over. It was a good one though. They dominated for a long time.	They were fun to watch before they were always expected to win	I will have to look that one up online later.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000744	That shows how quickly things can change. Most pro football players don't have long careers. I wonder how much they make compared to other professions over their lifetime.	Well, I also read that average lifetime earnings of an engineer is higher than the average lifetime earnings of an average NFL player.	That's pretty interesting. Do you read the bible much or are you not religious?	i read the bible every day, but not lately
DSTC10TOPICAL-000745	Yea I am more of a dog person. Haha yeah I would agree with you. All they do is sleep. At the age of 15 , a cat will have spent 10 of those years sleeping. So boring! !	How do cats always have good things happen to them though? I mean the stray cat found on set that was then in the Godfather is probably living the good life.	Yes I bet he is. Must be that whole 9 lives business. They can just relive until they get good fortune. Also quite surprising there are 70 cat breeds, seems like a lot to me.	I know what you mean, it does! I don't even have a dog to go with him either.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000746	From personal experience, I can confirm that football is religion in the south.	You having southern experience, did you know the New Orleans cheerleaders are forbidden from eating at a restaurant that a player is in? That's crazy, almost as crazy as the Rams robbing the Saints from being in the Super Bowl.	Yes, and if the cheerleaders are eating and the players come in the restaurant, the cheerleaders have to leave.	Wow. They should all just leave. It's not fair
DSTC10TOPICAL-000747	Well, that is awesome, I guess he did get what he wanted.	I guess? They say Shakespeare's works take on a different meaning when performed with an era appropriate accent instead of a modern one. I think I'd like to watch and listen to one.	I would too. I wonder if he could play piano?	Probably not, he is so light you would never catch him
DSTC10TOPICAL-000748	Yeah I know but they got it after all. Do you know who Benjarvus Green-Ellis is?	Never heard of him. Is he famous? What does he do?	yeah he is a former QB who never fumbled the ball in his career	that is impressive. it must be difficult to be a lefty.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000749	Oh wow, I guess they had a lot of money back then. did you know the guest house is larger than the white house?	haha I didn't know that seems odd, also odd is the president of Zimbabwe's name is President Banana haha	yeah I wonder if that means something else in their language though	they likely do. how are you this evening?
DSTC10TOPICAL-000750	Oh interesting. House is awesome because of Hugh Laurie. Makes sense he makes 700,000 per episode.	that was so much money per episode. He made the show awesome for sure!	Yes no doubt about that. He is the highest paid actor for any tv drama!	I'll have to try his show out sometime. I was looking at seeing How I Met Your Mother today.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000751	I might look it up and tune in after this chat haha. How do you feel the president of the united states is doing?	I am surprised that he is not in the top 3 wealthiest presidents.	After inflation, I am surprised as well. He comes from a business background, so I was expecting him to be able to make much better decisions. It just goes to show you that politics are a much different beast than	yea politics is awful and very sad
DSTC10TOPICAL-000752	Yeah pretty neat. THe game only has 11 minutes of active play after all	Yeah that is short and we are glued to the tv for so long watching the game	Exactly. Did you know engineers make more than them over their lifetime?	No i didnt
DSTC10TOPICAL-000753	I have not. cold stars? i thought stars were hot.	I did too. But apparently there are stars in the known universe that are cold enough to be touched by the human hand.	i guess that could be interesting. i would rather mars. or the moon.	moon will be down for me then
DSTC10TOPICAL-000754	I don't think I've seen any of those.	ok cool.	Have you watched any of them?	I haven't but I have heard they are good.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000755	I don't know what year it was, just that they were the first team to win back to back World Series and they haven't won since.	The World Series is popular in the US, but not around the world. In fact, the women's world cup gets a bigger TV audience. Maybe if they allowed women in the MLB, things would change.	Yes, who knows!	I would love to get back to sleep now
DSTC10TOPICAL-000756	I liked to play with my dad when I was younger, but don't keep much up with it now. I like football and other sports more. How about you?	I played more when I was younger and had more free time. I'm a bigger football fan. Did you know that the University of Iowa had their visitors locker room painted pink? Must have been to mess with opponents minds.	Yeah, but seems a little sexist, frankly. It's a pretty sexist industry of a whole, despite technically allowing women to play.	I think it is too, but I am very doubtful of the statistics.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000757	Hi, how are you?	I'm doing good, how about yourself?	I am well, thanks! Do you watch the olympics?	Oh yeah! I love the olympics! And the Winter Olympics!
DSTC10TOPICAL-000758	At my age, I prefer to play baseball, but prefer to watch football. You?	I don't play either anymore haha although I'm not that old. I like to watch football a little bit more but they run during different seasons so I can watch both.	You know, back in the 1960s, bowlers would make more money than football players. Now that is a sport I cannot understand why people would watch rather than play.	Haha well it is how they get paid now
DSTC10TOPICAL-000759	Hello, do you like the movie Batman?	I sure do. Do you know what is was originally based on?	I do not know what , what? There were also plans to build a gotham city theme park	That would be super cool
DSTC10TOPICAL-000760	Hello, do you like Walt Disney?	I like Disney! How about you!	I do as well. Did you know Minnie Mouse's name is short for Minerva Mouse?	Oh really, that's very interesting. I didn't know that.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000761	I sure do. How about yourself?	Me too. Did you know women can play in the NFL too?	Did not know there, are there limitations though?	At 8am most people are asleep, so most people don't get up that early.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000762	I have never heard of that and I don't think I'll want to visit any time soon. I do want to watch a live football game some time though, have you ever been to one?	ya it was a long time ago, I personally only like games on tv, much cheaper and easier to see, I'm glad espn invented the yellow first down line on tv haha	Yeah and they even won an emmy or some type of award for it, I wonder what category that invention for that award falls under.	I don't know.  I could have sworn I was reading some headlines that day!
DSTC10TOPICAL-000763	Yeah I guess. Good for them for playing till the end. ESPN won an award once, an Emmy, do you know what for? It is related to football?	I heard about this, they won the emmy for creating the virtual yellow line on the field, right? !	Yeah that was it. Apparently bowlers made more money than football players back in the 60s	Maybe football was not that popular back then
DSTC10TOPICAL-000764	I am really not that into football but I do follow it some. I heard something funny one time. That the university of iowa's visiting locker room is painted completely pink	Yeah I wonder what the reasoning behind that was. Did you know women can play too?	Wow I didn't know that. I saw that an average nfl game has only 11 minutes of actual play time	yes it is a pretty short time.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000765	We always watch the Superbowl, will have a couple people over but nothing big. I am rooting for the Patriots though!	haha me too, do you like Michael Caine? I guess he only got into acting to chase cute girls haha	Haha, that's funny! He made the right choice to get into drama! I like Jim Carrey in Drama films but he won't do drama anymore. Love his comedy too though.	That is true, but drama still isn't my favorite. What are you doing right now?
DSTC10TOPICAL-000766	Cool. Brady was a backup QB in high school and was never started	wow they wasted a good chance to win some games there	Yeah. Do you know Alex Smith completed college in two years?	I have heard of him, Alex Moustache is a musician and singer
DSTC10TOPICAL-000767	Maybe he can sell it for a profit later on, and use his celebrity status to up the price. Are you a fan of the Star Wars films?	yeah that is possible. that will still not be enough to lift the ban that the city of paris put on him	Paris banned Tom Cruise? Why?	Tom Cruise has an extreme response time.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000768	Somewhat, I know he's a rapper and was in Degrassi	Nice. He graduated high school at the age of 25 in 2012. He must have quit and went back?	I guess so, most people graduate college before 25, not high school like Drake	right i hope she taught you about veganism.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000769	Yeah, all the miracles and resurrection. Up until 1963 the Bible was a required read in elementary education	Not surprising. I'm glad they took that out though. I don't think religion should be forced on kids.	Me too, it is a choice. The Biblical tower of Babel seem to be based on a real building that exists today	Actually it is, it is in a totally different city.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000770	I see. do you know that the highest score ever in a football game occurred in 1916, and the score was 222-0	Yes, I had heard that before! I wonder how much money football players made in that time. I heard that in the 1960s it was only half as much as popular bowlers of the time.	Yeah, that fact surprised me a lot.	Aww, that's sweet. Are you a best friend?
DSTC10TOPICAL-000771	What do you think about the dodo bird? I'm kind of sad that it is extinct but at least it is related to pigeons	I would love to of seen a real dodo, they look much cooler than pigeons	Yep I agree. It's crazy to me that bird bones are actually Hollow and weigh less than their feathers	They must be some pretty heavy bones then
DSTC10TOPICAL-000772	Yes, and that James Cameron decided to quit his truck driving job to enter the film industry after watching Star Wars?	Talk about a good career move that would pay off down the road! Marcia Lucas was the reason for some major changes to the original movie and won an academy award for editing the film.	Another fun fact that I learned is that there's a toy Hans Solo in every Firefly episode. I loved Firefly too!	Aww that is cute, and yes Firefly was the best one, and some movies too
DSTC10TOPICAL-000773	Yeah, that is pretty crazy. Did you know an iphone has more computing power than the entire US Nuclear ICBM deterrent.	Isn't that crazy? I didn't know that. Unicef will donate a day of clean water to a child in need for every minute you don't use your cell phone. Sign me up. lol	Interesting. Did you know that Jupiter has radio storms that can be heard on AM radio here?	Wow that sounds really cool
DSTC10TOPICAL-000774	That's a ton of animals! There is a lawyer in Switzerland who represents animals in court.	Power to the animals! Germany also protects them as they were the first country to universally give animals constitutional rights!	That's hilarious! There's a jellyfish that can live forever.	Oh yes, forever! It's funny sometimes that I find myself thinking about them
DSTC10TOPICAL-000775	Wow he must have really liked comedy then and I guess he did pretty well so no regrets there	Exactly. Have you heard of bromantic comedies?	Hmm I am not sure what those are, are they a special kind of comedy?	Yeah I think they are comedy dvds, I can't remember what the name is though
DSTC10TOPICAL-000776	Wow that is amazing. Do you know who Brian May is?	Yes the lead guitarist of the Queen who is also a genius scientist	He sure is, with a degree in astrophysics and a PhD at that, that is impressive	I bet! Sounds like he has the right job in mind
DSTC10TOPICAL-000777	Hello. Are you a fan of jazz?	I like to listen to it live	Neat! Jazz originated in New Orleans.	It really is.  I love Louis Armstrong.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000778	Yeah seems like a really long time, 17 weeks, do you have a favorite team? mine is in the AFC division or American Football Conference	Nice I do not have a favorite team I just watch the games. DO you know who Benjarvus Green-Ellis is?	He used to play for the Patriots right? yeah I know who he is, why do you ask?	Yeah! He was also a studd on my high school football team! He was a big playmaker
DSTC10TOPICAL-000779	I find it unlikely. What is his new book about?	its basically his strategy for how he became successful, I think its worth a read, can't believe hes 40 and is tied for the superbowl record	That is pretty amazing. Are you a fan of football?	Yes, my favorite team is the Houston Texans
DSTC10TOPICAL-000780	Im not sure, but in 2005 they could have bought Facebook. I think they would be more relevant if they had taken them up on the offer.	Oh, for sure.	Now almost everyone I know who is 13 years older (and a few who lie about it) are on Facebook.	No doubt.  It seems to have made a big difference
DSTC10TOPICAL-000781	I am, I like college and NFL. What about you?	I am. Did you know the highest score was 222-0?	Yeah, didn't Georgia Tech beat Cumberland that bad?	Yes, that was a close one, 88 - 78.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000782	Cheerleaders seem to distract players. It's best to avoid it	Don't you see this as a little sexist a rule that only the cheerleaders have to abide for ?	I think it's best not to have players distracted.	so true
DSTC10TOPICAL-000783	Well, I think it is radio storms that are so strong that they can be picked up and heard on the AM radio.	Interesting, have you heard them?	No, I've never heard anything like that. I did hear, though, that there's a website where you can listen to thousands of episodes of classic radio dramas for free although I never had the pleasure of doing so.	Maybe we can visit and listen to some music.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000784	I don't know, I probably would check it out, for the sake of the game. Not sure I would enjoy as much. I think its too rough for women. But should be allowed to play.	Yeah I don't know how that would go, but they should be allowed if they are good enough, I'm an engineer and I guess I make more in my lifetime than an average NFL player makes, cool!	lol, really. Oh yeah, the average lifetime earning is higher than the average NFL player!	what is your favorite dish
DSTC10TOPICAL-000785	Yeah he was pretty amazing. Apparently bowlers made more than football players back in the 60s	They did? well football want a popular sport back then, at least not as popular as it is now so it does make sense, I dont see a bowler making more money than a pro football player now	Yeah things have really changed now. On another topic, do you know much about the Bible?	Not much, it has been a long time since I have been updated
DSTC10TOPICAL-000786	I love watching football too. Did you know the NFL has no written rule against females playing?	I always wondered that! why arent there any players you think?	I'm not too sure on that one. The average NFL game only has 11 minutes of live gameplay.	I bet it has and they just charge so much for tickets
DSTC10TOPICAL-000787	Oh I definitely didn't watch that! Everyone knows Babe Ruth though and he was once America's most popular golfer!	Wow. Didn't know that. Antarctica has a disc golf course	Oh that would be a cold course! A golf course in Dubai requires 4 million gallons of water!	Wow thats incredible, and yeah it is, that is a lot of water.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000788	I listen to FM usually and yes, mystery can do some amazing things	I know. IN the AM radio you can get Jupiter's storms	WOw nice. The most popular act on the radio in the 30s was the ventriloquist	Do people bet on those shows now days?
DSTC10TOPICAL-000789	He has a nobel prize in literature.	Oh that is interesting since those are usually considered to be associated with peace.	yeah. I hear if you publish a book in Norway the government buys 1000 to donate to libraries.	that is nice of them, i wish more people donated
DSTC10TOPICAL-000790	Yeah for the superimposed yellow line, pretty cool	It is for sure. Do you know much about the Bible?	Not a ton but I know that it has sold over 5 billion copies Wow	How many have they sold?
DSTC10TOPICAL-000791	Do you like watching football?	I love watching it! How about you?	I love it also! Do you have a favorite college and NFL team?	Not a lot of time to watch them. What about you?
DSTC10TOPICAL-000792	I am sure it would be, would likely throw everyone off. I wonder how many there have been in history.	I am not sure. I know there was one famous deaf quarterback - the huddle was invented for him so the other teams could not read his signs	It is truly amazing what people come up with that they intend to just help them that turn out to be iconic.	Yeah it's all about what we have in life and what we can achieve.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000793	I do. I am getting ready to watch the playoff games	for sure, who you rooting for? Saints?	Absolutely and the Patriots.	I live in Boston, what about you
DSTC10TOPICAL-000794	Yes! Why on earth would that be a rule? Do you think its a superstition thing? Makes no sense.	It certainly does not. The worst part about it is that they have to leave mid meal if a player walks in. Weird	Yeah, that is odd to say the least. So, the NFL uses tracking chips on the players during the game?	Yeah they are. I bet they get really good stats.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000795	Him among some others like green ellis	Benjarvus is a legend, the guy never fumbled the ball in his career	Indeed	Sounds like fun!  What did you do?
DSTC10TOPICAL-000796	I wonder if he likes jazz?	He might, jazz is a genre that has influence a lot of people so who knows, theres even a programming language that is influenced by jazz	It is seen as america's classical music. I love jazz.	Oh that is interesting. What do you do for work
DSTC10TOPICAL-000797	I do not know about the rules but it would be fair that they play too I guess. Did you hear about tracking chips on the players now?	I have heard. They are made probably by engineers that will make more money than the players who wear them will	Yeah, I would not be surprised. They track everything though from velocity to location and everything in between	Sounds like they love being able to do that.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000798	He was in the league a long time. At least he gave the game everything he had	I didnt' think he was all that of a QB but his teammates really took to him right away	He was a true professional.	Awesome, glad you enjoy it
DSTC10TOPICAL-000799	I'm not surprised. A lot of commercial. Just a lot. It's really annoying.	You are right about that. But I suppose women would be better off financially by entering the engineering field since engineers make more than the average lifetime earnings of both MLB and NFL players. Which is surprising to me!	I'm sure a lot of money go to TV, owners of teams, etc. Just not fair for players! Did you know that the highest score in a football game was 222-0. Can you believe?	That is unbelievable, so tell me about your brother
DSTC10TOPICAL-000800	Nice. The guy who played Jarvis in Iron Man has never seen the films	Cool. DO you know who is the waitress that Captain America saves in the Avengers movie?	I have no idea, is it someone we have seen elsewhere too?	Oh yeah it was somewhere in the desert
DSTC10TOPICAL-000801	So Thomas jefferson did not believe in miracles and the resurrection.	A lot of people don't. Maybe Brady should be given a copy of his bible.	Yes because the bible is the best selling book ever.	What's your favorite part of the bible?
DSTC10TOPICAL-000802	Well in 1972 Deep Purple broke the world record for loudest concert ever. Apparently some of the audience was rendered unconscious.	I can't even imagine how scary that must have been!	I wonder if it is due to the fact that they blew their ears out?	What?! thats crazy
DSTC10TOPICAL-000803	I'm doing well! Are you a fan of football?	Yes I love football. Do you have sirius radio?	I did for a little bit but not anymore? Do you?	I had to quit at some point.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000804	I love it. DO you know what color is the U of Iowa visitor locker room?	Yes it is pink but I wonder why that is	Me too. Bowlers made more than football players in the 60s	Oh my goodness!  I didn't know they made that much money!
DSTC10TOPICAL-000805	Cool. They definitely have done so many things that I hadn't realized either. I didn't realize they had tried several small niche businesses as well.	It is only the third most profitable company in Japan too. I wonder what the first two are.	Wow! I'd like to know as well considering Nintendo has such a large cash reserve that it could lose so much money and not bankrupt for a long while.	Yeah, not very much money invested so far.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000806	The guy is the man. Can you guess his favorite ice cream kind?	I think it is avocado is it not? I mean it makes sense	It sure does , the guy is very health conscious and watches what he eats	He sounds like a nice guy.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000807	that is a good point, lol. Did you hear about the tracking chips they use in shoulder pads?	Something along those lines, it tracks there speed or something?	Yea it tracks all their movement and other data. pretty interesting! They must have been created by engineers making the big bucks	Yeah I bet that is the case. What do you do for a living?
DSTC10TOPICAL-000808	Do you like football?	I like the NFL, but I think 16 games is not enough to build rivalries.	Yes, i completely agree! What do you think would be a good number of games for an NFL team to play in a season?	You might want to get a hairless one.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000809	I see, well I don't know much about soccer but I am interested in odd facts about sports. Did you know there is a college football team that has painted their visiting teams locker pink?	I would guess that has something to do with breast cancer awareness. I know that many football players suffer from breast cancer in the later years.	I never thought of it that way, that's an interesting perspective. Tell me why you like soccer.	It's an intense sport but I love watching it on TV!
DSTC10TOPICAL-000810	I mean a man used the library to prove his innocence and become a lawyer while falsely imprisoned	How great is that! So important. The library of Alexandria had a unique way of gathering books by making all ships visiting surrender their books for copy .	They must have had a impressive collection	Yes, they were pretty nice
DSTC10TOPICAL-000811	I know that the russians built a computer powered by water back in 1930s.	I wonder how that worked? They must have used the water to generate a power source. I didn't even know they had computers back then. lol	There were mechanical computers before that. computers are an old idea. someone built one in minecraft even!	Wow what kind of game was that?
DSTC10TOPICAL-000812	Hello! Did you know professional ballet dancers can go through 4 pairs of shoes in a week?	That is a lot of shoes and money too. There are 17 ways to tie your shoes too	And I only know one way! 5000 year old shoes perform better than modern shoes. Go figure.	That is crazy! What brand of shoes are they?
DSTC10TOPICAL-000813	I love superhero movies. I loved the batman trilogy. How about you?	I do! I watch them with my kids, they are in love with Batman haha	That is great! I like superman too, especially in films, did you like the new justice league movie?	I didn't like it as much as I thought it was going to be.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000814	I know that it has sold over 5 billion copies. Amazing record there	Yes and that is exactly why it is known as one of the most influential books in the world	Yup. Did you know Jefferson created his own version of the Bible?	I didn't know that
DSTC10TOPICAL-000815	I agree. Bowlers probably don't make a whole lot these days.	No not these days, but I still think it would be pretty sweet to make a living throwing those balls around, lots of women too lol.	That would be pretty awesome. Gotta love the attention too. lol	I don't know about that, but it doesn't bother me
DSTC10TOPICAL-000816	Yeah exactly. Have you ever been to that football stadium in Texas that can seat 18 000 people?	No I never been to Texas yet but that's pretty crazy	Yeah it is right? And it cost $60 million and on top of all , it is just a high school stadium	Wow that's quite the high school stadium!
DSTC10TOPICAL-000817	I read an article about it. I cannot imagine a football game without the yellow line.	yeah that definitely helps. I saw that former patriots RB Benjarvus Green-Ellis has never fumbled the football in his nfl career	Yes, isn't that amazing? I do not know any other football players who have never fumbled the football.	It is, you are amazing!
DSTC10TOPICAL-000818	Wow that's impressive! Also impressive is the one Patriots player who has never dropped the ball, I think his name is BenJarvus Green-Ellis	That's amazing. Also amazing is QB Brad Johnson who threw a TD to himself in a Superbowl.	Yes I want to watch that score! It sounds incredible what do you think about a deaf quarterback creating the circular huddle?	That is so cool! How can you do that?!
DSTC10TOPICAL-000819	Not everyone does though. Burger King had a promotions that you got a free whopper if you unfriend 10 people. I wonder what inspired that.	I think that Burger King was just looking for media attention which they got.	I imagine that Myspace regrets turning down and offer to buy Facebook for $75 million.	I think they have because they made a terrible business decision and probably didn't anticipate facebook gaining so much value
DSTC10TOPICAL-000820	Yes I do. I watched college and NFL football games.	Who is your favorite NFL team?	49ers since I used to live in the Bay area. I lived there for 30 years.	oh cool, are you in cali?
DSTC10TOPICAL-000821	I guess not everyone makes it big. I hope a lady makes it big someday. It can be difficult with gender roles especially when on the NFL Saints team cheerleaders must leave a restaurant if another NFL player walks into	That's ridiculous! I see a lot of sports posts on facebook. I can't believe the site is 15 years old already!	If Myspace had been smart they would have bought facebook for $75 million that they were offered in 2005!	Yea and they thought they could do it themselves, which they did.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000822	Did you know that Disney owns ABC as well as ESPN?	I did. Do you watch football?	Yes I do, I am a contributor to the number one ranking for viewership of Sunday Night Football. Do you?	oh, great! you must be very good at it.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000823	17 weeks if im not mistaken. then the playoffs	Yes you are right. Do you know the highest score ever in a football game?	Wow not sure i would imagine it's pretty high. Was it a college or professional game?	It was a pro game, but still. It was exciting to watch!
DSTC10TOPICAL-000824	Hello, do you watch the NFL?	Hi! I do! I'm shocked that out of the whole 3 hours of game on tv only 11 minutes is actually live gameplay!	Yeah that is pretty crazy. DO you have a favorite player or team?	Nervous about football but love any sport
DSTC10TOPICAL-000825	I guess not. I do find it interesting that malus in latin means both apple and evil. That would makes things a little confusing in the bible.	Yeah I think so too. Did you know that people think that the Tower of Babel might actually still exist?	Yea, I guess it is the etemenanki in modern day Iraq.	you don't know much about history
DSTC10TOPICAL-000826	My son is not into sport, were he I'd have serious reservations about him playing football for that reason. I know there the fame that can go with it but an engineer is going to make more money than most	Yeah, and they have better working conditions, less injuries, it is a quite violent sport.	I understand that there are no rules against women playing in the NFL, difficult to see it happening.	I know its exciting though
DSTC10TOPICAL-000827	Yeah that is pretty short, crazy. Do you know what the highest score in a game was?	no I am not sure. I read that the average lifetime earnings of an engineer is more than nfl player	Yeah I guess that makes sense since engineers work longer. The game score was 222-0	Man, that was an impressive win.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000828	Hi. Do you like sports?	Hi, I do like football as in NFL football, although I am a fan of association football as well.	Me too. I like the NFL but I do also watch other leagues of football as well on occasion. Did you hear that Winston Churchill High is doing very well?	Not only did the team win, they won the superbowl. I was so hyped!
DSTC10TOPICAL-000829	Hi, do you like literature?	Somewhat. I know that the FDA burned 6 tons of it in an act of censorship.	That's pretty crazy. I saw there is an annual literature contest that challenges writers to come up with the worst possible opening sentence to a novel.	I would be scared to try that
DSTC10TOPICAL-000830	I have read parts of it. I dont read it very often and I have never read it word for word.	I think that it is a very popular book. Many people have read it and tried to understand its secrets.	I dont know. I dont always take it really literally. I mainly use it as a good set of rules to live by to be a good person.	It is an important thing to do.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000831	Marcia Lucas did a great job making changes to George's original scripts and made the movies better	Yes you are right, I wasn't familiar with Marcia Lucas as I was with George Lucas.	I wonder how much money she made since George got to keep the licensing and merchandising rights of Star Wars	not sure of how much, but probably more than Jay z and tupac
DSTC10TOPICAL-000832	it doesn't list his average, it just says he hasn't been in a single movie with a fresh rating	oh man, thats sad for him. I like his movies usually	i don't recall too many of his movies, i've seen a couple and they are alright. i did like him in that 70s show!	i haven't seen the 70s show.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000833	He's the guy that fumbled every ball he ever touched.	Yeah what a career for him. Did you know NFL is sing tracking chips on the players now?	The NFL is singing tracking chips? I did not know that.	Yep. All the different kinds of info they can collect.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000834	Yeah the really sexist rule? it sounds really unfair, that rule should be banned and the cheerleaders should sue the team for that	I think so too. The worst part in my opinion is the fact that they have to leave mid meal if players walk in	Thats a terrible rule, I hope they change it in the near future, its humiliating actually,	Haha, their mom passed away twenty years ago.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000835	Yeah, same here. Roosevelt and Quincy did not believe in it much either so they did not use it when they swore in	I don't think it should ever be used. How about you?	Yeah I agree, religion is a preference. Going back to football, did you know there are only 1 minutes of active game play in it?	I had no idea! They have to be doing something good to have that effect on people.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000836	No but I did see a video of Kayne giving his mic to a fan in a wheel chair before	That was pretty cool of him to do that. Sometimes he has some different views on things. Like for example he believes that aids is a man-made disease.	Maybe Big Sean can explain that to him since he had a 3.7 gpa before signing with Kayne	Maybe, Kayne doesn't work out too well with Mexicans
DSTC10TOPICAL-000837	Yes, I do. And, I believe that the Bible is an intricate inspiration from God to us humans here on earth. How about you, do you believe it's really from God?	I do not know. I have not read the Bible. I know that the person that wrote it probably made money on it.	I'm not sure about that but everyone has the choice to believe whatever they want to believe. All I know is that it's estimated that it has sold over 5 billion copies and is the best-selling book every written.	Haha that's good to know.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000838	I would love to hear that and the style they use! Do you think Abe Lincoln liked jazz?	I don't know, he did have a high pitch voice	So he would have liked other music, I never knew that. I know he was in the wrestling hall of fame, that is a good honor	That's nice. Does he do any comedy now?
DSTC10TOPICAL-000839	Actually if you turn it to am you can catch Jupiter's storms	Those are some strong storms! Considering how many artists are from Canada, I wouldn't mind tuning into stations that have to play at least 40% Canadian music by law	Yes very true. do you know how soldiers used to make radios during WWII?	No, I don't.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000840	Do you like football?	I do. I played in HS and I'm a Chiefs fan... I actually like college better than the NFL.	Nice. I'm not too into football, I guess because each game has only on average 11 minutes of live gameplay.	Wow, thats quite a bit of adios!
DSTC10TOPICAL-000841	I know that has certainly changed. And even now though engineers make more money over their lifetime.	Georgia tech beat Cumberland 222-0 back in 1916. What color do you think their visiting locker was?	Well, maybe it was something worse than pink. That is a huge defeat, wow. Did you hear about that strange rule for the New Orleans cheerleaders?	No, what was it?
DSTC10TOPICAL-000842	Yeah and they have to leave mid meal. That rule is sexist and has to go	Agreed on that. Do you know much about the Bible?	I know that is it one of the most influential books and has sold over 5 billion copies	I guess my bias is that i haven't read that book lol
DSTC10TOPICAL-000843	Hi, how are you?	Good, and you? I haven't seen any superhero movies in a long time, but I think I saw a brief portion of Iron Man once on a TV that was going at my job.	Really! I feel like all the movies coming out now, like 25% are super hero movies. Do you not enjoy them?	That's true. Just wish they wouldn't be so mean to everyone.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000844	If you want a job that makes more in a lifetime than an average nfl player or mlb player you can become an engineer	I saw that, it is probably because there a bunch of players that last only a year or so. I'm not surprised, engineers make a lot of money.	If you were a bowler in the 1960's you could have made twice as much as top football stars too.	Yes! My bowling career was doomed.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000845	That is pretty neat. I bet it is pretty diverse.	Yeah. They must have comics from all over the world	Probably a lot of older comics too. That would be neat to see the development of comics.	Actually the start of the internet
DSTC10TOPICAL-000846	Yes I agree. I would like to know more about that. Up until 1805 the runner up automatically became the vice president. Kind of makes sense but it would never work now!	NO it would not. The parties hate each other too much for that to ever work	I wish they didn't. Just so much more productive to work together. I wonder who has stayed in the presidents guest house? It is actually bigger than the White House.	it could be. What is it about it that interests you so much?
DSTC10TOPICAL-000847	He could have had some unusual moves. LOL	The ability to moon walk!	Or to lean way back or forward. LOL	lol I would try to do that
DSTC10TOPICAL-000848	Oh that is interesting since those are usually considered to be associated with peace.	yeah. I hear if you publish a book in Norway the government buys 1000 to donate to libraries.	That sounds pretty generous!	Thank you! I love helping people!
DSTC10TOPICAL-000849	If you fly to mars under constant 1g acceleration it will only take 2 or 3 days. I thought it took a lot longer.	Me too! Movies make them seem longer, but they might be going much much slower for airtime lol.	That is true. Have you heard about the lost satellite on mars?	yes, but am not sure what happened to it
DSTC10TOPICAL-000850	Bye!	The president is the title given to the head of the government.	That's true I think it's called different things in different places though right?	Exactly. It can be difficult but in the end they all come together.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000851	I'm doing good too. Glad it's Friday. I watch both baseball and football. What about you?	Me too, but I guess in my childhood and college years I was watching much often. I didn't know that 14 of the world's 25 largest stadiums belong to American college football teams. Did you know that?	I did not know that. The University of Iowa's lock room for visiting teams is painted in all pink.	That's pretty interesting. Did you like the locker room?
DSTC10TOPICAL-000852	Yes as long as they meet the league's eligibility requirements they can play! I would like to see a girl play.	They cannot eat in the same place as the players, at least the Saints cheerleaders.	That is a weird rule. How did they enforce the rules of the cheerleaders being required to leave?	Nothing, but I'm sure if it happens again I'll be in a different room.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000853	Who isn't?	I think some of the newer movies are redundant to be honest.	Really? Like which ones?	Well, I wanted to like him but ended up just being envious
DSTC10TOPICAL-000854	Yeah and they have cancelled 100 shows since they came to be in 1989	I guess that is not a lot considering how long they have been around	That is true actually. Do you know the programming language Python?	I have heard of it, but never actually programmed one
DSTC10TOPICAL-000855	I mean I don't think kids should play past midnight but to make it a law is ridiculous	Yeah, that is pretty absurd. Did you know nintendo produced a lego knock off?	No, I did know they made playing cards though	Do you play cards for a living or as a hobby?
DSTC10TOPICAL-000856	Nice, that's what I do. Did you know there is only 11 minutes of gameplay per game?	Wow, it seems like a lot more but it is a pretty slow game. That sounds like an awfully small amount of time. Kinda like it's hard to believe that an engineer makes more money in their lifetime than an	Yeah, for sure, they stand around a real lot.	Good! hopefully, he gets a full ride to college!
DSTC10TOPICAL-000857	Fans also felt though that in previous movies Hawkeye has not been given justice.	True, I heard that too. I can't say because I havent seen the movie. But I do enjoy the Marvel Comic films.	Yeah, I like the Marvel Comics series that they have on Netflix.	So do I.   Wonder Woman is my favorite
DSTC10TOPICAL-000858	Hi. How are you?	I'm doing well how are you! ?	I am good too.	do you have any hobbies
DSTC10TOPICAL-000859	What? That is a strange fact. I guess she had a chance to do the voice work. She is a celebrity, after all.	Did you ever play tennis? serena has been playing since she was 13, which is about when I started playing, but she's obviously way better LOL	I assumed that she started sooner. She must have picked it up quick. I didn't real play. Anyway, great chat! Thanks!	thank you, have a good night
DSTC10TOPICAL-000860	I have a passing knowledge of football and watch it occasionally as well	What teams do you like	I like the new England patriots. They are like the Lannisters of football	that's cool i like lebron james
DSTC10TOPICAL-000861	Hi! Yes, I really enjoy watching football, both collegiate and professional. Do you?	Yes, me too. I didn't know that the highest score in a football was 222-0 and it happened in 1916. Did you know that?	That's insane! Either the team was really good or the other team was really good. Or maybe they were on strike about their pay since it seems like they don't make a lot.	No one thought to check first. Then I was told it was pretty good. Which is nice because it is more important to be well paid.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000862	If I were on the losing side I think I would have given up playing. Maybe they could have turned to the bible.	Maybe. At least Cumberland probably didn't have a pink locker room like that of U. of Iowa. In 1916, they probably didn't have a locker room at all.	I don't think they went in for those silly games back then, probably more respectful to the other team.	That's true.  I wouldn't want to babysit my neighbors cat though.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000863	Hi there, do you watch the NFL?	Hi! Yes I do sometimes. What's your favorite team?	I think the Patriots, I like them best. One of their former QB never fumbled a ball in his career. How about you?	Panthers is my favorite team of all time.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000864	Hello, are you by any chance a fan of the New England Patriots football team?	I know some about them. Mostly stuff about Tom Brady	Great. What do you think of his record as a QB?	He has had some really bad luck lately.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000865	That's interesting, and kind of interesting thing NOT to do regularly.	I don't know how many Navajo fans there are. George never won an Oscar though.	that's sad considering how amazing his movies were	true. my cat just laid down. looks like it will die.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000866	Yes, she is a talented actress. I bet she did a great job. Anyway, thanks for the chat.	It has a solid cast overall. Hope you get to catch it some time.	Have a good day! Talk to you soon, Im sure.	Hope so. I may also try attending classes to be prepared for them
DSTC10TOPICAL-000867	I'm sure if they do they will have tracking chips on their shoulder pads like they do now so they can record every move on the field.	That seems bit invasive but I guess all kinds of stats are taken out of those chips	Yes. They even have chips in the footballs to track velocity, etc. Getting a little too technical I think for a sport.	I know how that can be. I just have too many college algebra test scores to count right now.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000868	Hello, do you like Disney?	Yes, I do like Disney. They have done many great films and have some great theme parks.	Do you know the original Disney is in California and not Florida?	Florida is what you mean?
DSTC10TOPICAL-000869	Hi. Do you watch football?	yes well I did watch the superbowl but I don't watch it regularly no, what about you	Sometimes, but not every week. I would get bored watching for 17 weeks straight during the regular season and then the playoffs and Super Bowl.	Wow! that does seem like a huge job. how do you do it?
DSTC10TOPICAL-000870	Right. Did you know the guest house is larger than the white house	Yeah that is pretty cool, they must get a lot of people there so maybe that is why	Yeah. Have you heard the president of Indonesia is a pop star?	No. Can you tell me more about him?
DSTC10TOPICAL-000871	That was the culture then. People loved bowling. Oh, I was born at the wrong time.	Yeah it seems it was the case back then. DO you know what the highest score in college football is?	The highest score means little to me unless I could win money. What was it though?	200 meters for a high school team isn't nothing
DSTC10TOPICAL-000872	I'm not sure. Who was it?	It was Georgia tech who scored 222 against Cumberland 0	Holy smokes! I bet that was a long game for Cumberland. In the 1960's bowlers made twice as much as the top football stars.	I bet! I didn't even know bowling was that popular lol
DSTC10TOPICAL-000873	hi there, do you watch the NFL?	I sure do. Do you have a favorite team or player?	I sure do. I love the Patriot and Tom is amazing. Do you have one?	I don't but hopefully I do.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000874	Yeah I think the highest paid people in most states are college coaches.	Not sure how I feel about that. I have to send two kids through college one day, with the high cost of college I'm not sure I want a portion going to the football coach.	Yeah its pretty crazy to me just how much it costs to attend college these days.	Yep it is but it can be fun
DSTC10TOPICAL-000875	Absolutely. It's the next on my list.	Have you watched any of the other Marvel movies?	I'm not normally much of a comics or superhero person. Have you?	I'm not much of a superhero either. I like reading about animal rights and such.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000876	Interesting, have you ever seen house?	I have seen it, great drama tv series	Apparently Hugh Laurie was making $700k an episode! !	Wow that sounds so unreal!
DSTC10TOPICAL-000877	I bet you they do it for both. They need to track lots of stats like velocity and rotation and such and they will likely need the averages of those	We live in amazing times. I can see where that would be useful. If a running back is getting tire during the game they know right away	Yeah we sure do. Did you know women can play too in the NFL?	Absolutely. If we had a girl nfl player would be football players too.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000878	There are a lot who play on high school teams, so if they meet the requirements, why not?	Yeah, but the average earning potential salary of an engineer is higher	lol Bowlers in the 60's made more than football players. THAT is hilarious.	and yet they still can not bowl...
DSTC10TOPICAL-000879	True, I guess we'll never know. It was great talking with you though, have a good one!	It was nice chatting with you too.	You as well, I hope you have a good rest of the evening, I'll try not to think about the depths of space that much !	Me too! Lets do this!
DSTC10TOPICAL-000880	I watched the series, but didn't play the game. Do you know Nintendo is over 100 years old?	I didnt know its over 100 years old, I wonder how the games from that time look like.	Well, they started out as a playing card company.	I see what you mean, I have one as well
DSTC10TOPICAL-000881	You would think! I heard even 1960's top bowlers made twice as much as football stars!	I believe that. Bowling was a big sport back in the day. Football players didnt have the players union back then so they didnt make nearly what they deserved. I would say now it is a little over the top	I agree. Especially if you are like the patriots benjarvus green-ellis who never even fumbled one game in his nfl career.	that is so awesome
DSTC10TOPICAL-000882	That would be Jupiter's moon? I wonder if Jupiter is one of the five planets visible to the naked eye.	I would guess from it size it is	The planet Venus is the only planet that rotates clockwise and has no seasons. That seems boring.	That is fascinating! I always thought there would be more than just one, because of the crazy amount of planets we see.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000883	I've been a bigger fan in the past. I was a Caps fan growing up.	I am a Caps fan too! Do you know how much a player loses weight per game?	Like 8 pounds. I assume that's mostly sweat.	Hah, like 300 pounds.  Get some good weights and start moving!
DSTC10TOPICAL-000884	Yes it is, so that much mean that he was thinking about this movie for 11 years?	That is impressive. That makes a great actor.	Yes it does, are you a fan of comic books, if you are, how many books do you have?	No i am not i just collect them now
DSTC10TOPICAL-000885	No I don't but curious	I never have either, do you / did you play any of the sports we talked about?	I have always been a soccer person	Where are you from?
DSTC10TOPICAL-000886	300 of them? that sounds impressive and too bad, maybe his manuscript is really good, he could have been a rich man,	Oh for sure! Do you like science at all?	I do like science, I think that scientists make big contributions to society, they make human kind better and smarter.	I agree, they should be very celebrated and respected.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000887	It amazes me that a hockey player was once traded for a dollar	He must have been worth less than that to the trading team. Maybe they were paying him too much already. Do you play hockey?	I do not, but many Canadians do, since both hockey and lacrosse are their national sport.	Lacrosse sounds intense i want to try that
DSTC10TOPICAL-000888	Wow. I never knew that.	Yah, did you know the other word for telephone is a phone?	Yes. I knew that one.	Do you have kids yourself?
DSTC10TOPICAL-000889	Yeah I know he has won a few games there. Did you know he was picked 19th back in the 2000 NFL draft?	I did not! He's been around for a while, I'm surprised he hasn't retired yet. His history as a football player is impressive. Been to the super bowl 8 times with the patriots.	Yeah he sure has, I don't think he will retire for at least two more seasons.	I bet!  Maybe you should get him to play again?
DSTC10TOPICAL-000890	No I never been to Texas yet but that's pretty crazy	Yeah it is right? And it cost $60 million and on top of all , it is just a high school stadium	They do love football in Texas, too bad they don't care as much about education, an average engineer makes more in a lifetime than the average NFL player	I could see that. Yeah, we all make mistakes. Keep trying though.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000891	That is something. the lost 222-0. That is crazy !	What is wrong is how the cheerleaders cant eat with the players	Yeah the have to leave when they come in. I will research why	I understand.  I hope you find a job soon!
DSTC10TOPICAL-000892	Yeah I guess the career of a football player does not last that long so they do not have much time to make money	True, I did not think about that, do you know how we are able to learn about interesting statistics like ball speed. ball rotation and players performance?	Yeah that is actually pretty cool, they are using tracking chips on the shoulder pads of the players now.	Track their movements for good and evil
DSTC10TOPICAL-000893	Hello! Do you like Football?	I do. Do you?	Of course! What's your favorite team. Mine is the New England Patriots, the Lannisters of the NFL!	That's so cool! I know nothing about football.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000894	Maybe they can even see how long games are since they think only about 11 minutes are live gameplay!	No kidding, right? I mean, these engineers already make more than the average lifetime earnings of both MLB and NFL players, so they should step their game up... even though they are doing a phenomenal job now.	That stat actually surprises me with how much football players work! Did you know that in the 60s even top bowlers made more than football players? !	Oh wow that's shocking.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000895	Yes thats really something	Any other movies, books, or shows that you are into?	I liked the lost series on tv	What do you do for a living?
DSTC10TOPICAL-000896	But even today, NFL players don't make as much on average as I would think. Engineers earn more over a lifetime.	Yes, and it's interesting to consider the lifetime career of a football player. Some use their background to transition to other fields such as coaching, or use the income to start a new career after they retire. Sadly, others suffer	It's amazing how much technology is used in the NFL these days	Well hopefully that doesn't mean you're not as smart as you think
DSTC10TOPICAL-000897	That is impressive. That makes a great actor.	Yes it does, are you a fan of comic books, if you are, how many books do you have?	I am not. But appears that their is a lot of money in the industry.	How big of a market is it for them to grow in
DSTC10TOPICAL-000898	I know that it is the best selling book of all time with total sales of over 5 billion copies!	Yeah that seems a lot. Jefferson apparently made his own version of the Bible	I didn't know that. Teddy Roosevelt and John Quincy Adams were the only 2 U.S. presidents who didn't use the bible when they were sworn in.	wow and why is that?
DSTC10TOPICAL-000899	Perhaps a combination of the winning team being just that good and the losing team being so bad	Ive seen some blow outs, but never by that much.	Did you every play fantasy football?	no, i play the piano, go to the arcade, and sing barbershop songs.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000900	I noticed that. I've heard of some weird ideas for sports, but that's out there. On the subject of shoes, my old work boots have lasted me about 6 years but it's about time to get some new ones at	I think I have 2 pairs of shoes. It's crazy there is 5000 year old shoes that perform better than modern shoes	I'm not surprised, considering how much stuff today is deliberately designed to fall apart so you have to buy more. Sounds like you've got about as many shoes as I do.	I am! Especially the canvas ones. It helps with my cat eye glasses.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000901	That's a good point that I never thought about. What is also interesting to me is that an NFL game only has about 10 or 11 minutes to it that seems super low.	Yeah, that makes sense, it is mostly standing around if you ask me. I still love the game, but the clock watching gets annoying.	Yep I agree with that. Do you watch any fantasy movies. Or do you do fantasy football at all	I don't watch much.  I do live and work in the city so my schedule is limited.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000902	Maybe so. I hope the data they are collecting in the field though can somehow be used to make the game a little bit safer	Amazing that a game which averages just over 10 minutes of actual gameplay can be so damaging to players.	Great point. Do you know what the highest score recorded in a game was?	No i don't
DSTC10TOPICAL-000903	no way! I would love to learn that. Were you into the beatles much?	I loved them as a kid. I was not born when they formed in 1960	I wasn't either, they were amazing and still are. They couldn't even read music which is so interesting!	Well you should be happy for them
DSTC10TOPICAL-000904	I would guess that has something to do with breast cancer awareness. I know that many football players suffer from breast cancer in the later years.	I never thought of it that way, that's an interesting perspective. Tell me why you like soccer.	It is a good game for women. I think women fight harder on the pitch than men do.	That is true, at least when I was a kid.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000905	Crazy. Take care.	Thank you. You too.	:)	do you like pizza
DSTC10TOPICAL-000906	I'm fine. Thanks for asking and you?	I am fine too	Do you like watching movies?	I do. What do you like to watch
DSTC10TOPICAL-000907	Yeah so sad. In Texas on the other hand they are voting to rename the garbage dump	Hahha so funny. In the UK not all men could vote until 1918	I wonder what prevented them from doing, maybe class and ranking in society	They thought that you did not work hard enough or that you needed money for college.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000908	That's right. Did you know that presidents have different functions depending on the type of government?	Yes I remember learning that I think. Its been good talking to you.	It's been good talking to you as well.	Take care and Godspeed!
DSTC10TOPICAL-000909	Yeah the same one, expensive but it must be alien proof	He must have the money despite the fact that Seinfeld has a higher net worth	He does? Well Tom Cruise will eventually come on top, he has a lot more movies planned in the future. I don't know about Seinfeld.	Omg I hope he does! I was worried he wouldn't
DSTC10TOPICAL-000910	Yeah I don't know how that would go, but they should be allowed if they are good enough, I'm an engineer and I guess I make more in my lifetime than an average NFL player makes, cool!	lol, really. Oh yeah, the average lifetime earning is higher than the average NFL player!	yup good to know haha, do you like the Saints? I don't like how they treat their cheer leaders	the refs are awful, they foul the playbooks and we never score.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000911	Yeah I was wandering about that as well. How about radio dramas, do you like those?	I don't like dramas in general so probably not.	I see, because if you did there is a free radio to listen to them to	Do you listen to music on the radio?
DSTC10TOPICAL-000912	The guy is a legend, he has ever fumbled the ball in his career	Exactly. Do you know what the highest score in college football is?	Yes I feel bad for Cumberland to lose 222-0 from Georgia Tech	But they lost on penalties, so no worries
DSTC10TOPICAL-000913	hope so too. now they are using tracking chips on the players	That's pretty cool, they can find out how hard a player hits and moves with those chips	yes, very handy. do you know what the highest score is in football history?	i don't, what is it?
DSTC10TOPICAL-000914	Oh, your explanation is making so much sense. Thank you.	There is a lot of technical data, like the area code 212 was chosen because it was easier to dial on a rotary phone.	That fact to me is reasonable because New York was one of the earliest established cities in the U.S history.	Yes, the invention of cars and the interstate system paved the way for the development of new cities.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000915	Yes a lot. Do you know how much a single search takes in terms of power?	Yes more than in took to take Armstrong and 11 others to the moon	Yes. Do you know how they calculate traffic?	Not sure yet
DSTC10TOPICAL-000916	Maybe, Bill Nye had to add more effect with more science experiments to create flubber.	Freeman has served narrator, commentator for numerous programs and television shows.	Well, he was nominated and won a lot of rewards.	Oh cool, congratulations!
DSTC10TOPICAL-000917	I don't think they went in for those silly games back then, probably more respectful to the other team.	Probably... Did you know the NFL had no written rule that women can't play?	They probably think they don't need it. Some guys get worked up if they hear a woman is going to take part in something, but if they are good enough and want to do it let them.	That is a good way to handle it.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000918	Yeah exactly. Did you know ESPN won and Emmy once?	It was for the superimposed yellow line and I think they deserved it	Yup. DO you know much about the Bible?	a little bit but nothing that major
DSTC10TOPICAL-000919	Yes they are collecting information such as velocity and rotation and a bunch others, Wonder what for though.	I hope they can somehow use them to make the game safer and decrease the number of concussions	That would be amazing. On another topic, do you know anything about the Bible?	I sure do, as do all who live in the world.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000920	Are you a Star Wars fan?	Yes, star wars is great. i really like the original trilogy.	Me too, that was the best out of all the movies, and basically the only ones I watched. It made George Lucas a billionaire	I'm glad he made the right decision with the franchise
DSTC10TOPICAL-000921	I sure do. Did you know Jon Hamm taught drama in a high school?	Cool. Did you ever watch the show House MD?	Yeah and he even taught Ellie Kemper, she is so funny. Yeah I watch House	I had never seen that show but it sounds so fun.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000922	Are you a Star Wars fan?	yes, i really like the original trilogy. You?	Me too, it was so good! George Lucas became a billionaire because of it	How did he start doing that?
DSTC10TOPICAL-000923	Are you religious?	yes. fairly so	Did you know that Thomas Jefferson had created his own version of the bible so he could remove the supernatural parts. Thats wild.	Wow! Is that like some kind of religion?
DSTC10TOPICAL-000924	WOw that is interesting for a radio. Do you listen to radio dramas?	I do not really, are they good? Maybe I should check them out	Well there is a free website of them if you would like to check it out	Hmm that might work well. Do they offer any good discounts?
DSTC10TOPICAL-000925	That is a lot of money! Did you know that 20th Century Fox agreed to forgo a $500k directing fee to let Lucas keep the licensing and merchandise rights?	I wonder how they feel about that now. Lucas pulled one over on them. The entire franchise is estimated to be $65 billion dollars!	I know! It has cost them billions and made Lucas himself a billionaire.	That's amazing. I know the loss of his company is painful but you can always start your own company.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000926	Really? Haha, not sure if that worked! Marvel comic toys are expensive.	Not sure but it just increases the profit margin for the company haha.	True! I am going to have to watch this Infinity War movie now lol, curious about this Hawkeye character. Although he has been in other Marvel films.	Yeah, it has a different feel from other Avengers movies, I think you are gonna like it
DSTC10TOPICAL-000927	Yes! I heard that many people were actually rooting against Brady's team, because they're kind of over them winning all the time. He sure works hard though, it seems.	I think so, too. But there are other good players as well. I guess RB Benjarvus Green-Ellis has never fumbled the football in his NFL career.	Pretty impressive. I know they get paid a lot for those skills, but did you realize that top bowlers in the 60's made twice as much as football stars then?	That is pretty crazy. They must have made a ton of money there in the 60's
DSTC10TOPICAL-000928	Oh that makes so much sense. Do you know why Caine became an actor?	Hmm I am not sure of that. He went to college for it?	Nope he just attended drama class in high school because that is where the pretty girls went	He must be happy in high school then
DSTC10TOPICAL-000929	I heard it was really good, hes not my favorite superhero, but Id definitely see it also.	Do you read any other comic books?	No, never have read many of them. I miss out on a lot of back story that way.	I understand completely. The good thing about reading is that you can never go wrong
DSTC10TOPICAL-000930	I know! They sure do milk it for all its worth.	ESPN won an emmy for creating the superimposed yellow first down line on tv. That has been a good addition to watching games.	Yeah, that was a good addition. Can't believe that Benjarvus Green-Ellis never fumbled. Amazing!	It's good to see a reliable player like him.  I'm glad he stuck to football
DSTC10TOPICAL-000931	Not really. I find they have too much CGI. What about you?	I like some of them like Spider-man. DO you know why there is a hyphen in the name?	I have no idea why. Why not just one word? Other superheroes have names like that.	That's funny, but the name makes me hungry
DSTC10TOPICAL-000932	Hard to believe. I saw some pretty good jazz in New orleans once. Wasn't a huge fan but it is definitely popular. Apparently the trumpet players grow a goatee for comfort when playing.	Interesting. I also see that clint eastwood is an enthusiast.	I had no idea it was popular in Pakistan given that their jazz orchestra is topping the charts.	Yea! They have some of the best jazz bands in the world.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000933	Yes they did. All came down to a stupid kick ha ha. Anyway, did you know that in the 60's top bowlers made more than top football players?	No I didn't know that, I always hear that most sports make more than nfl, which I think it's unfair.	I'm positive it's not the case now. Do you know what the highest score in a football game ever was?	I don't know how old you are lol
DSTC10TOPICAL-000934	I know right, only 11 minutes, last Superbowl was more than 3 hours long, maybe 4 all of that for only 11 minutes	All those advertisements make a lot of money for the NFL and the tickets are outrageous. I wonder if a woman will ever try to be eligible to play?	Theres no written rule against woman playing so yeah I think they could, its a physical sport though,	Ah ok then. Would it be bad if women could play too?
DSTC10TOPICAL-000935	bye	Bye.	see you	okay, see you!
DSTC10TOPICAL-000936	Do you like concerts?	i do like concerts. I havent had much chance to do recently. You?	I like them, but only in outdoor arenas. Not so much the indoor stuff.	I've been taking martial arts classes for about 15 years now, and I still can't get into them.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000937	They are the second largest search engine on the internet. I myself usually just google what I want to find and then it takes me to YouTube. The whole channels thing on YouTube confuses me.	Yeah, it can get quite confusing, do you also use Pandora Radio? I like that it also streams comedy and I use it on my way to the office.	I do have an account. Mostly I listen to NPR radio.	Who is your favorite country artist?
DSTC10TOPICAL-000938	wow, I didnt know an illness could cause that. Look how far he came in life! what is it due to?	Yes He did very well in his career. And they had the best selling album of the 2000's	WHAT? that is so awesome. I wonder when they released their last song, do you know?	i do not i am so busy with work
DSTC10TOPICAL-000939	I guess that's the idea. I can't imagine it really working or everyone would do it.	Yeah I think it must be more of a tradition now, I doubt a color would really affect another team's performance.	The highest score ever in a football game occurred in 1916 when Georgia tech defeated Cumberland 222-0. Would pink locker rooms have helped Cumberland, do you think?	That would have been a sight to see!
DSTC10TOPICAL-000940	yeah, i bet the simpsons liked that. the simpsons has had trouble maintaining its quality over the last few years. i think that comedy is quite difficult.	Yea I stopped watching years ago. Apparently one episode in the whole series did not have bart in it or mention him. I want to watch that episode	i wonder what the episode was about. that is odd. the simpsons has great voice talent.	it was about the family man. that is about it.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000941	Well perhaps you can find a short version that only shows the live gameplay. Each game is only a dozen or so minutes long of real gameplay	That's another reason why I don't watch football, three hours in front of the television for just 12 minutes of actual action. I could just grab my Bible instead.	Do you read from the bible often?	Not unless it is about the resurrection.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000942	That should be fun for real. Did you know women can play in the NFL?	Yes as long as they meet the requirements. I wonder if any of them have tried	Curious about that too. Maybe they are sticking to engineering careers	I do not know that. The food is unbelievable.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000943	that's sad considering how amazing his movies were	The Academy has a lot of politics. He made the wrong kinds of films. His wife got an award.	What did she get an award for?	She was nominated for a great cause
DSTC10TOPICAL-000944	Yeah for sure. and that weird rule about new orleans cheerleaders?	Yeah that seems like such a silly outdated rule. I think that will be gone in the next year or two.	I hope so. did you know U of Iowa's locker room for visitors is painted pink?	Pink? How is that possible?!
DSTC10TOPICAL-000945	Yeah it was actually Stan Lee's wife, Joan B. Lee	I guess he chose her for the job. I never really watched the show.	I see. The Spider-man musical is the most expensive production on Broadway	What's that show about?
DSTC10TOPICAL-000946	Yes that would be JFK, Washington and Jefferson	Right. Did you know the guest house is larger than the white house	Yeah that is pretty cool, they must get a lot of people there so maybe that is why	I don't know, it's an all weekend gig.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000947	That is so cool. There is a piano that was found on the highest mountain in Britain	Wow wonder who put it up there. Do you like Michael Jackson?	I do actually he has some amazing music. He was once supposed to do a duet with Freddy Mercury but that did not go through	Yea. Do you have any kids?
DSTC10TOPICAL-000948	Yeah , what a talent. Oscar were nominated for 9 Emmys. Wonder how that works	Yeah I am confused too about that. Do you know how many Oscars are given out?	Yes there are 24 awards given over a range of categories	Ah okay that's a lot!
DSTC10TOPICAL-000949	Exactly. Did you know engineers make more than them over their lifetime?	I am not surprised as they have longer careers so more time to make money	Yeah true. Did you hear about that rule for New Orleans cheerleaders?	Yes, but how?
DSTC10TOPICAL-000950	Yes, I would like to know. I've been reading about observational versus theoretical astronomy, but I don't know what research methods would have been used to detect the building blocks of life so far away.	Can you imagine how complex the orbit would be for that planet that orbits four stars?	I haven't heard of that planet! What is it called?	It's called Total Solar System. It's very interesting.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000951	18 holes a games. Seems like a long day.	Yeah it does. I like football a bit more. I love the NFL because they have 32 teams so people are bound to find one they like.	Yes football is way better. That is true but you usually only hear about a select few.	i agree. but is a popular sport that a lot of people play. is that true?
DSTC10TOPICAL-000952	yep, and pokemon cards that are worth some money. How about that 70s show, ever seen that?	no, i didnt but i think it was a very popular show. probably a lot of actors launched big careers there.	You're right, mostly all of them became something big after that. I wish the same was for that 70s show uk remake, they only lasted 10 episodes.	That is so sad, maybe next time
DSTC10TOPICAL-000953	Yes I did Snoop Dogg wrote a song for his son's football team once	Wow nice. Bowlers used to make more than football players in the 60s	I guess it was a more popular sport back in the day	I totally get that
DSTC10TOPICAL-000954	It's a shame what happened to Andy Dalton	Yes, his thumb injury put him out for the rest of the season.	He was having one of his best seasons so far	I know he is his own man though
DSTC10TOPICAL-000955	Yeah I do. Do you know what the most disliked video in YouTube history is?	I want to say its the music video baby by Justin Bieber	That's Correct. Do you have any pets?	A dog named Beaver
DSTC10TOPICAL-000956	LOL! Did you know politicians in Kentucky must swear an oath that they've never participated in a duel before taking office?	No I didn't! Even in this day and age they still have to do that?	I guess so lol. Do you like Johnny Depp?	My cousin does.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000957	Hello, do you watch the NFL?	Yes I try to watch all the games I can, what about you?	Same here but cannot watch them all for 17 weeks	Yes! For my entire life!
DSTC10TOPICAL-000958	I'm an engineer and I ain't seeing it... I can't see how soldiers in WW I could make a radio out of razor blades and pencils? Wow.	lol, that takes pure science around that. I can't even get my already made radio to work!	Ha. I would just end up cutting myself. I guess they may have tuned into Jupiter, there probably weren't a lot of station then.	My family always does that to me. They never liked listening to music growing up.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000959	The times were different then. Many people bowled and I guess they watched it on TV.	NFL uses tracking chips embedded in players shoulder pads.	I believe it. Probably helps with strategy and maybe player safety. Anyway, I enjoyed chatting!	Not me. I always eat fried chicken and watch mma fights.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000960	Oh wow that's cool. How was the concert?	Great! He is very talented! Better than Kanye in my opinion. Kanye once did a snl skit mocking himself for interrupting award shows!	I'm not a huge fan of Kanye music.	I never liked his music either
DSTC10TOPICAL-000961	Oh that is so nice and convenient and free	Yeah it is. DO you know why Michael Caine became an actor?	I have no idea, how? DId tou know Patrick Stewart teaches masters classes in drama in the UK?	I went to college for music
DSTC10TOPICAL-000962	yeah, but for engineering and science, it seems strange to me. Anyway, great chat!	Ditto. Nice chatting with you!	Have a great day!	You too.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000963	Have you seen Black Panther?	No I haven't yet. Is it any good?	I thought it was pretty good. The character is the richest superhero with an estimated 500 billion dollars.	What are his powers and abilities
DSTC10TOPICAL-000964	I live in North East Ohio, I think fans around here would gladly swap the Packers records for the Browns.	Yeah the Browns have had some tough times since I have been watching, much better season this one than last though.	I guess there is always someone worse than yourself, just heard about the team that lost 222-0. That must have hurt.	haha it does. it was pretty awesome though.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000965	Yeah I think so too. Gal Gadot who is the new wonder woman, actually served two years as a soldier.	Yeah I think I have read that before, that is impressive. I heard she was really good in that movie as well.	It's funny that she did not know she was auditioning for wonder woman. She thought she was trying out for cat woman	Cat woman is a good one.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000966	Yea there is no rule against that as long as they qualify	Yes. The game average is only 11 minutes of play anyways	Yeah. Engineers make more than football players over their lifetime	Do you like it? I'm not happy here
DSTC10TOPICAL-000967	That kind of sucks, tickets tend to be really expensive and the game lasts for 3 hours, you would expect more than just 11 minutes of gameplay, really unfair.	Yeah I know. Bowlers used to make more in the 60s than football players	They did? I wonder what changed, bowling used to be really popular back in the day, it doesnt seem like a really popular sport now	No its a new beer distributor in town. They even have slot machines
DSTC10TOPICAL-000968	I know, honestly if it's a sport played with feet and a ball then i guess they have the right to call it that.	That is true. In Hungary "football" is soccer.	In parts of Africa too. in Australia Rugby is football.	Yeah I guess Rugby is more like it though.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000969	Yup, that is why I do not go to these events.	Well, obviously everyone else at the concert seemed to enjoy it so not to bad of a deal	Are there any concerts coming up that sound fun?	I was gonna see Elvis but the hurricane ruined plans.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000970	Yeah i'm sure your right. Can you believe top bowlers made more than top nfl players in the 60's?	Did they really? That's shocking, I wonder why, maybe people didn't care about football as much back then. Also I'm sure bowling games have more than 11 minutes of game play.	That's unbelievable. Almost as much as espn winning an Emmy. do you know what for?	Oh yeah, that show is fantastic. Have you ever watched it?
DSTC10TOPICAL-000971	It was a nice way to spend an afternoon. i try to watch the playoffs and the superbowl. this year i didnt.	I watched the superbowl. I thought it was terrible, but that may just be me. So boring this year.	I think it was probably better the year before. there was a big comeback. this year it was a defensive battle. i wanted the underdog to win. too bad.	Defensive players take their football seriously, it is a bit different
DSTC10TOPICAL-000972	Hi there, do you watch the NFL?	Yes I like to watch NFL games, I try to watch as many games as I can, what about you?	Nice, yes me too. Did you know women can play too?	What does that even mean?
DSTC10TOPICAL-000973	That is pretty impressive, that is probably part of why the Patriots have been one of the most dominant teams recently.	Yes - the Patriots at least made a better decision than his high school - since they let tom Brady play!	I bet they are really regretting that decision now.	Oh yeah, very.  He had to go to the hospital though
DSTC10TOPICAL-000974	And their feet look all weird for some reason	Well putting dry tea bags in smelly shoes will absorb the odor.	That is something I have to try tonight	You gotta try!
DSTC10TOPICAL-000975	Hi, do you like football?	Soccer or American football, i like them both.	I like them both too, I did not realize that the season lasts 17 weeks	17 weeks is a long time! how many years of school have you completed?
DSTC10TOPICAL-000976	Yes that is true and I am glad they came up with that line because it makes watching the game much easier	Definitely. Can you believe the former Patriots running back never fumbled the football his entire career?	That is so amazing. Do you know what the highest score in college football is?	No I don't. What is it?
DSTC10TOPICAL-000977	Hello, Do you enjoy football?	I do love football! How about you?	Yes, I love to go to the games? What do you think of the Patriots?	I do like the Patriots, they are pretty good
DSTC10TOPICAL-000978	I meant breast cancer, lol! Did you know woman could play in the NFL if they wanted to and could play.	They could possibly feel more comfortable in a pink locker room	I agree, lol! Did you know also the saints cheerleaders need to leave a restaurant if the players come in, kind of sexist!	Oh no! That is so sad! Did you say anything to her?
DSTC10TOPICAL-000979	Yes it was. Do you know anything about the FIFA World Cup?	I don't know much about it. When the US competed in the first FIFA world cup in 1930, they got 3rd place.	Yes they did. The city that is hosting the 2022 final does not exist yet.	They didn't host the first one, so they may not have done so good
DSTC10TOPICAL-000980	Yes, although that duel thing seems like it should have been going on out in the cowboy west in the old days.	Right? They must have kept the laws from way back in time lol	Lots of curious things that are fun to learn about. It has been great chatting with you. Thanks!	You too
DSTC10TOPICAL-000981	Yeah that's for sure. I really thought that players earned alot more money though.	Maybe the MVP but an engineer will earn more money than the NFL player, I think soccer players are paid better	Crazy to think that one team scored 222 points in a game once too.	Oh yeah!
DSTC10TOPICAL-000982	that is crazy, I bet NFL makes more money now by a long shot, it was nice chatting with you!	Yeah that is true, things have really changed. Same here.	Good bye!	Goodbye.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000983	Do you know if they have female players?	Well, not in the NFL they dont but i'm sure they might have a womans league	Did you know that the nfl has no rules against women? They could legally play if they met the requirements. What do you think?	I knew there were players but I didn't know there was no written rules. That's cool.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000984	I would think so. Btw, nice chatting with you. Happy holiday	Merry Christmas to you, and I'll leave you with this fun fact: The university of Iowa's locker room provided for visiting football players is completely painted pink!	Thank you.	Have a good day
DSTC10TOPICAL-000985	Hi friend, do you watch the NFL?	Hey, I am a big fan of the NFL. How about you?	I love watching the NFL, it may be my new religion. Did you know that Tom Brady has a book called the athletes bible?	I did not know that. Do you read much?
DSTC10TOPICAL-000986	I'm originally from England so soccer is my thing, yes, a little rugby too. I've tried watching football on TV but it seems to go on forever, and is mostly replays of what has happened already.	Yeah the average NFL game has 11 minutes of live gameplay, what do you think they could do to improve it ?	Less commercials. I think it is mainly a cultural thing. If I grew up here my opinion might be different.	Maybe you should visit one day.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000987	The third was JFK.	I see. I wonder how rich president banana of Zimbabwe is haha. He may be the most loaded of all of them haha	President Banana is an interesting name. Were you aware that the guest house is bigger than the white house?	I didn't know that, that is really funny though.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000988	Then he got Randy Moss and blew that out of the water!	Yup real talk! Tom Brady's wife makes double her husbands salary!	I would be really happy if my wife made double what I make. That would be great!	You are looking very beautiful today
DSTC10TOPICAL-000989	yeah, I'm one and I have a bunch of friends that do it. On average we make more than a football player!	Oh that's awesome. And yep that is what I have heard did you know that the NFL has no rule against female players. Do you think we'll see one in our lifetime?	I've heard that before, but I don't know if Americans can stomach seeing a woman getting injured on the field.	That's true. It happens all the time, and they want to believe that it's the "real" happening.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000990	Do you wear a costume for halloween ever?	my mom and dad used to dress me up in costumes for halloween sometimes. How about you?	lol me too, I remember seeing pictures of some ridiculous costumes. I want to be a panda researcher though	that would be a lot of fun
DSTC10TOPICAL-000991	That's true. Do watch NFL football games?	I sometimes watch. Usually about the Superbowl. What about you?	I usually watch some games because my son really likes to watch football games.	Nice! he should play football in the future with his team!
DSTC10TOPICAL-000992	I love Tom Hanks. I found it curious how the Lord of the Rings movies had huge losses despite being a success	Wow, that's pretty surprising. Never know what's going to bring in the money huh? You know you'd figure anything Disney would be a sure hit but heard that their animated "Treasure Planet" was one of the most expensive box office	Yes. And John Carter was a flop over here but broke box office records in Russia	Was it an animated film?
DSTC10TOPICAL-000993	Hey there my friend do you ever wear shoes.	Yes I do but not like ballet dancers. They can go through 4 pairs of pointe shoes in a week.	That is shocking. I used to date a ballet dancer actually. And I can confirm that they always have feet problems	OH NO!!!! do you work?
DSTC10TOPICAL-000994	True, I did not think about that, do you know how we are able to learn about interesting statistics like ball speed. ball rotation and players performance?	Yeah that is actually pretty cool, they are using tracking chips on the shoulder pads of the players now.	I find that pretty interesting!! Did you know when was the highest score in a football match ever?	Heck yeah! The highest scoring football game ever! I feel like it was yesterday.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000995	Me too, I'm surprised that Jupiter has radio storms they can be heard on AM radio.	Yes. I wouldnt mind hearing those.	I wonder what they sound like? What if it is actually aliens trying to talk with us?	lol they are all very scary!
DSTC10TOPICAL-000996	smart kid, took lots of ap tests in high school	wow amazing. Brad Johnson is the only QB that threw himself a touchdown pass	I did not even know such a thing is possible at all	It takes a special person to do that. You have to be a pretty special person to do something like that.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000997	Me too. But I'm not sure what frequency it is. Kind of has me worried now!	well maybe we will find out at some point. did you know we can grow a rib in 2-3 months	No, that is shocking. How do they know that?	They have known me for years.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000998	No but I bet it's wild to see. Ha! Wonder if players are allowed to touch the ball with their hands and arms while it's in play unlike regular soccer?	Yeah I don't know it sounds more interesting to me than regular soccer though LOL, have you heard of the German player Mesut Ozil?	I admire him because he donated his entire world cup bonus to pay for the surgeries of 23 different kids over in Brazil. I wish all athletes were like him!	That is great.  I know a lot of people are devastated.
DSTC10TOPICAL-000999	He was a very funny and interesting man. Something else that is funny is the University of Iowa painted the visiting locker room pink. I wonder what the visiting football teams thought about that.	Yeah it was probably before pink became popular for professional football players to support breast cancer	Do you watch a lot of football?	Oh yeah, football is what keeps me going, how about you
DSTC10TOPICAL-001000	Hmm I am not sure of that. He went to college for it?	Nope he just attended drama class in high school because that is where the pretty girls went	Hahaha the guy really knew what he was after even that early	Yeah he was pretty good. Do you know who Jon Hamm is?
DSTC10TOPICAL-001001	Yeah I think I have read that before, that is impressive. I heard she was really good in that movie as well.	It's funny that she did not know she was auditioning for wonder woman. She thought she was trying out for cat woman	That is pretty funny, do you know what year the original wonder women made an appearance?	I think it was the first female director of the movie.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001002	Actually it was Georgia Tech against Cumberland, they beat them 222-0	Hm. I figured that Tom Brady gave a biblical whooping to the Browns. Oh well. 222-0? Did Cumberland play with their cheerleaders or what?	Hahah good point, I have no idea but what a defeat. Do you ever watch the ESPN?	I don't watch the playoffs but I don't watch the playoffs. I do like the playoffs.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001003	I do but i don't get the chance as much anymore. The patriots are on a role.	Do you know how many teams are on the NFL?	Wow that's a good question, how many?	I am not sure, but I know they are the only one to have a team in the NFL.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001004	That is true. They produced a knock off lego once	Wow, they have tried their hand on everything it seems, smart business people	Very true. And they also own the Seattle Mariners. Good investment seems	Yeah that is a lot of money. Do you know who the first king to travel the world is?
DSTC10TOPICAL-001005	I'm surprised a building of that size has lasted so long	I have no idea, but I am glad it survived. History should not be destroyed. Going back to football, the games apparently last only 11 minutes of active game	I guess the players have other things to attend to. They are pretty busy. Sunday is a work day for them. I hope they are editing the Bible like that Jefferson fellow.	I think it is a good thing to do. I think it is a good thing to do with the <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-001006	Yeah it cost a whooping $60 million, that is very expensive	Yeah do you know who Benjarvus Green-Ellis is?	Oh yeah the man is a legend, never fumbled the ball	Yeah he won a game once and won a game
DSTC10TOPICAL-001007	That makes sense. The NFL is using tracking chips on the players now.	Yes they are and they are collecting many stats such as velocity and rotation and others	Yeah. Do you know who Benjarvus Green-Ellis is?	Yes he is the rb that never fumbled the ball in his career
DSTC10TOPICAL-001008	Yes I have, very funny movie. That was a classic right there. Thanks	I have never seen it before, I think Bill Murray said it was comedy gold or something like that.	I agree. Did you know that some of the very first silent movies out there were comedies?	I did not know that. I wonder if it was a bromantic comedy or <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-001009	Yeah, wasn't he the guy who didn't ever fumble the ball? Thats a pretty incredible feat.	That sure is, what a career. Did you know bowlers used to make more than football players in the 60s	That is surprising, I never saw bowling as that popular. But engineers make more over a lifetime than football players. So there is some incentive to work hard in school.	Yeah that is true. Do you know who Benjarvus Green-Ellis is?
DSTC10TOPICAL-001010	Where did you usually commute from and to? Technology and innovations fly by year after year.	I simply drove to the big city for about an hour and a half. Did you ever use the car radio?	That sounds like my commute. I commute about that long one way for school and back home. Doesn't every car have a radio?	I think it is a good way to get a car in the car. I think it is a good way to get a car to work.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001011	I'm a huge football fan. How about yourself?	I love football both college and NFL, do you have a favorite NFL team of the 32?	I'm a New England Patriots fan and huge fan of Tom Brady how about you?	I like the Patriots and the Patriots are the best QB in the history of the NFL
DSTC10TOPICAL-001012	Well apparently there is a president in Zimbabwe called president banana	They could do a musical number. I think that many fans would follow.	See I like that idea haha. Maybe they could make a lot of money so that Trump could be back into the top three richest presidents of all time	I think that is the top three wealthiest presidents in the US
DSTC10TOPICAL-001013	I do too. The Saints should do better, if not for themselves, but for the good of the league.	Yeah I agree with you on that. Do you know what the average actual time of gameplay is for an average NFL game?	Something like 10 minutes, right? I think I heard that when they were talking about the chips in the shoulder pads of the players.	Yeah I think that is a lot of info and I think they are really outdated and outdated though.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001014	I hope so too. We need engineers more than we need athletes if we're going to have a good society.	True! Although it is pretty cool that there isn't a rule that keeps women from playing. All they need to do it meet eligibility	I guess in the future we might see a woman. Anyway, great chat! Have a great evening!	You too!
DSTC10TOPICAL-001015	I don't know honestly. We have some teams that have won state championships in the area but i don't ever go to the games.	I would think it would be more interesting if you went to the actual school.	I would think so too but there's a school in Allen, Texas that spent 60 million dollars to build a football stadium to seat 18,000 people.	That is a lot of money. I wonder how much money they make?
DSTC10TOPICAL-001016	Yep, that's how consistently good they have been. Did you know that New Orleans cheerleaders are forbidden from eating in the same restaurant as any NFL player. If they are eating somewhere and an NFL player comes in, they have	Thats rude. I wonder why?	They probably don't want any PR problems from that. It's kind of weird that there is no women in the NFL. There is no written rules against female players.	I wonder if they have tracking chips in the shoulder pads to record the players
DSTC10TOPICAL-001017	Really, Id be interested to read it. It does sound a little extreme at some times.	I agree lol, do you have a favorite team?	I do, unfortunately I root for the Dolphins, it was a family thing.	I see, well I guess the author is the best player of the time
DSTC10TOPICAL-001018	I do not think I have heard of that, what is it? There is a radio station that turns solar energy into sounds	WOw cool one. Have you ever listened to canadian radios?	I have not actually, I just do not have the time I guess. Back to football, Kellan Moore is the only half handed QB in the NFL.	Wow that is a lot of talent. Do you know who Alex Smith is?
DSTC10TOPICAL-001019	Good point. The ESPN once won an Emmy. Do you know what for?	Hmm I do not know that, did not know they could qualify for any of those awards	Yeah, well they got it for the superimposed yellow like	Yeah that is a lot of money. Did you know bowlers made more than football players in the 60s?
DSTC10TOPICAL-001020	Yes, I did, interesting. I think they owned alot of land.	I believe so too. Up until 1805 the vice president was decided by who the runner up was in the presidential election. Interesting because there probably would have been 2 different opinions on issues of the time in the White	Yes, that is interesting. Its good times have changed.	I agree. I think it's funny that the first president of Zimbabwe was called President Banana.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001021	Yeah and after words maybe on a subconscious level. You know the highest scoring game of all time?	Yeah it was 222-0. What a blow out!	Yeah Georgia Tech was not playing around. I would have hated to be on the bus ride home to Cumberland.	I would have been to the <unk> I would have to go to the game and see the game on the <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-001022	Im doing great. How bout you.	I'm good, thanks for asking. Do you like Tennis?	I have never really sat down to watch it to be honest.	I have a few shirts and I never knew that. I know Polo shirts were invented for tennis players.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001023	I love the NFL! I try to follow all 32 teams the best I can.	Nice. I did not know the game season is 17 weeks. That is a long time and lots of games	Yes. It seems to go fast. Each team plays a 16 game schedule.	Yeah I think they are a lot of money and they are so much money to be honest.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001024	It That is an interesting coincidence.	Did you know the NFL has no rules against women playing?	That's great! There should a team entirely of women!	I agree. I wonder if they have a rule against female players.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001025	Hello, do you like television?	I do. I love watching SNL - especially the weekend update.	I love SNL. Did you know when South Park aired the Family Guy episode, they received flowers from the Simpsons crew?	I did not know that. I wonder if they have ever been on the Simpsons show where Bart is not mentioned or mentioned.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001026	Yes but I guess that was because bowling was much more popular back then	I guess so. Do you know what the highest score in college football is?	Yes that is 222-0 when Georgia Tech beat Cumberland	Yeah that was a bad loss of the game
DSTC10TOPICAL-001027	I think soccer players make less money than a basketball player. But as a whole soccer is watched by a lot of people more in comparison to basketball. That is just my opinion	Yea basketball players are making upwards of 50 million a year thats crazy. I know overseas soccer is a huge sport. In There exists a variation of soccer where 3 teams face each other at the same time.	I never heard of such thing. How 3 teams can play on the field at the same time is a mind blowing. Hahaha	I think that is a good idea to be a good player for the sport.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001028	Well the NFL tracks everything. They even have chips in shoulder pads and footballs for tracking so I am pretty sure they are accurate.	I think its great that tech is being integrated into the game, cool stats indeed they should make devices to control the brain damage injuries	You would think that an average NFL player who will make less than an average engineer over his lifetime would want to help their own health. The NFL is violent.	I think that is a great idea, I think the game is a great player and the players are the best player in the league,
DSTC10TOPICAL-001029	Are you a baseball fan? I'm not, so I am not surprised that the Women's World cup has higher ratings than the World Series.	Soccer is the international sport. Women around the world will be keen on seeing the games. Not so much for baseball, I guess. I am not a big baseball fan, though I follow the playoffs.	I'm not a sports person, I do like chess. Although, I didn't know it was invented in India.	I think it was a <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-001030	No! Wow, that's awesome! Very smart and kind of them. I love animals more than a lot of people lol!	It is a great thing they did! i wish the U.S. would do that!	I do too, we have so many animals going extinct it would probably help a lot. They deserve to thrive and be safe too.	I agree. I think that is a good way to get animals to develop a <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-001031	Yeah I guess it was a more popular game back then. Their coaches are the highest paid people	Yeah no surprise there. Do you know what the highest score in college football is?	Hmmm no I do not, what is it. Did you hear about that giant stadium in Texas?	Yes it was 222-0 Georgia Tech beat Cumberland 222-0
DSTC10TOPICAL-001032	Hi, do you like football?	Hello, i love the NFL now thats a real sports league!	Do you know if they have female players?	I think they are a female player and they are not allowed to play in the NFL.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001033	Hello, do you watch NFL?	Yes I tried to watch every nfl game. Do you like Tom Brady?	I like him. I guess he is a book author now as well.	He is a great player. He is a great player. He is a great player.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001034	Hello there, do you watch the NFL?	Hi, no I don't watch it. Do you?	Yes me too from time to time. Curious fact, the U of Iowa visitor locker room is painted pink.	I wonder if that is a tactic or something? I wonder if they have a pink locker room pink
DSTC10TOPICAL-001035	Are you a New England Patriots fan?	lol no I am not. Did you know there is no written rule against female players? women are allowed to play football.	And sorry, yes I watch football. I am not a fan of the Patriots either! lol I did know about the rule allowing female players. I'm surprised no females play tho	I think they are a good <unk> I think they are a good player and they are not a good player
DSTC10TOPICAL-001036	That must be a nightmare for opposing teams! Wonder if that would have helped Cumberland when Georgia Tech set the highest score record when they beat them 222-0. Ha!	Haha that is true! It's so surprising that an average engineer will make more in his life than an NFL or MLB player	Agreed. I even wonder if engineers made more than the top bowlers of the 1960s since they actually made more than the top football players as well!	Yeah I think that is a good point. I wonder if they have a lot of money on the top of the highest scoring football game ever?
DSTC10TOPICAL-001037	Yeah, no kidding. Although the average lifetime salary of engineers is higher than the average lifetime earning of an NFL player.	Plus fewer concussions too. I think it would be better for women to go into engineering.	Yeah, no kidding! I know the cheerleaders on the Saints have to leave a restaurant if a team player is there.	I wonder if they have tracking chips in the shoulder pads to track the players on the field.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001038	Free with you, they should have had Snoop Dogg make a theme song for the game like he did for his son's high school football team LOL	Interesting, do you play golf?	I have tried to play golf but I'm not very good, it just takes so long to do all 18 holes I think	I have played golf in a few years and I have never played golf.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001039	For sure, did you know the NFL is the new religion	I guess it is, many people watch it for sure. Do you know how many teams are there?	I think there are 32 teams now, which is your favorite?	I am not sure, but I know they are the only ones that have been around since the AFC
DSTC10TOPICAL-001040	Well there is a free website of them if you would like to check it out	Yeah that is nice. Did you know that there is a radio station that turns solar energy into tunes	That is so cool. In WWII soldier made foxhole radio using pencils and razorblades	Wow that is pretty cool. Do you know how soldiers made foxhole radios during WWII?
DSTC10TOPICAL-001041	Now, that's smart	Haha, yep it is.	It was very nice chatting with you. Have a great day	You as well.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001042	They cannot socialize or date either.	Well that i agree with but forcing them to leaves a bit much to me.	Yeah probably something happened for them to make that rule. Well, cant wait till the draft lol. Gotta run, nice talking to you.	You too!
DSTC10TOPICAL-001043	That was a beautiful show, both in the writing and visually. It's probably the best bit of TV Sci-Fi since 1997.	Yes I thought so too	It's been nice chatting with you, but I'd better get back to work.	you too
DSTC10TOPICAL-001044	Well I hope the players get their degrees before going to the NFL. The lifetime earnings of an engineer is higher than the average lifetime earnings of an nfl player	They could probably get tons of degrees after the NFL	lol. The bible is the best selling book ever selling over 5 billion copies. I know that because every one has one.	I wonder if the book was a good idea to sell the book in the <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-001045	I guess the football players chose the wrong sport then. They could have just gone bowling and make money. They could wear their helmet bowling too.	Well things have changed now so that definitely is not the case. But engineers still make more than football players	Engineers makes more than football players, but not for playing football. Engineers are good at engineering.	Yeah I think that is true. Do you know who Benjarvus Green-Ellis is?
DSTC10TOPICAL-001046	I agree. Though the earnings of an engineer over their life time are higher that the earnings of a football player. That makes me feel a little better.	Until you think about retirement age. I'll take ten and out with millions over forty plus and out with millions. lol. What about you?	Same here. I would rather a few years to make my millions.	I think I would be a good player to be a good player and I think they are a good player for the team.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001047	Yes, I forget how football is usually soccer to most people	Soccer is a popular sport around the world. Football is gaining popularity too in other countries.	I think internationally soccer is the most popular. In the US, football generally is more popular	I think it is a sport that is the most popular sport.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001048	Yeah did you know most presidents swear in on the bible.	Two US president did not use it in swearing-in ceremonies.	yeah they are John quincy adams and teddy roosevelt	The bible is the wealthiest presidents in the history of the US
DSTC10TOPICAL-001049	On a different topic what do you think about Birds by the way? I did eat a chicken for dinner and it was delicious	Birds are pretty awesome, they are technically dinosaurs so I find it fascinating to see living dinosaurs	Yes I agree, it's very crazy that they can range in size from 2 inches to over 9 feet	I wonder how they can do that in the <unk> I wonder if they are able to eat prey twice their own length and ten times its weight.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001050	Yes, you are right, I have lots of comics books, I am not a reader, I like them for the drawing of the characters.	That is interesting. Dc comics paid $130 in 1938 for exclusive rights to superman.	Yes, Superman and Archie rich are two of the most valuable book I heard of according to my knowledge.	I agree. I think it is a generic comic book that the comic book was created by a man named <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-001051	Hello there, do you play the piano?	Hello, I can play a little. What about you?	No, but I really wish that I could I think it is so cool.	I think it is a great instrument. I have a lot of <unk> and I have a lot of <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-001052	It would be cool if they even had stuff that predated Marvel, if that is even a thing.	I think there are comics way before that.	I think it is cool how they have different universes, even within the same franchise.	I think Marvel is a comic book company.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001053	I agree! They are lucky to make it on ESPN 12 lol. Do you think there will ever be a woman that tries out for a team?	I don't know enough about women's bodies to say. There aren't many women who play in high school or college though.	I agree, but there is a small chance someday! Did you know ESPN won an emmy for their yellow first down line?	I did not know that. I wonder how much bowlers made in the game.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001054	Oh I didn't know they were Canadian! If you are a radio drama fan there is a website where you can listen to thousands for free.	I have never listened to drama on the radio, but I do know it was very big, especially in the days before television	Yes it was basically the big form of entertainment! I bet some presidents even tuned in. The three wealthiest presidents were JFK, Washington, and Jefferson.	I wonder if Trump is on that list? I wonder if Trump is on the list of the wealthiest presidents in the US
DSTC10TOPICAL-001055	Football has got to be crazy too. Its a money maker for a lot of colleges	Yeah. The only good thing about this model is that it pays for the lesser sports, like swimming and volleyball.	Did you know Espn won an emmy for the creation of the yellow first down line	I did not know that. I wonder how much it was worth in the 1960's
DSTC10TOPICAL-001056	I think he is a pretty decent player. So was the former QB for Patriots, Benjarvus	I think considering how many super bowl rings Brady had he is better than decent.	Yeah that is true. Benjarvus on the other hand is the only guy in NFL to have never fumbled a ball.	I wonder how he got that name? I wonder if he was a coach or something?
DSTC10TOPICAL-001057	Hello, do you listen to the radio?	Not really. Do you?	Yeah I do quite a bit I just have not managed to find that Jupiter station	I wonder if they have a radio station that broadcasts entirely in Latin.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001058	It is funny - bowling is a less athletic sport but they used to make twice as much as football players	i think they now get paid more but not all of them	yes that is true. Espn probably got more from winning an emmy for the creation of the virtual yellow line	yeah that is a lot of money. did you know bowlers made more than football players in the 60s?
DSTC10TOPICAL-001059	Yeah that is a wild fact, I guess the thing to do was to be a bowler in the 60's, that was the life!	Sure would be a lot easier physically than football. Did you see espn won an emmy for creating that superimposed yellow line representing the first down? I wonder what year that was	Yeah I am trying to think if I can remember watching games before it happened. I know I have but it's just so part of the game now I can't really remember.	I think it was a great game and it was a great game and it was a great game to watch. It was nice chatting with you. Have a good day!
DSTC10TOPICAL-001060	Fun! We should be just about done with this hit!	yeah, this was a fun one!	I thought so too! Nice talking with you!	you too!
DSTC10TOPICAL-001061	Yes it was basically the big form of entertainment! I bet some presidents even tuned in. The three wealthiest presidents were JFK, Washington, and Jefferson.	With inflation I can see how Washington or Jefferson might have more worth than President Trump. But JFK surprises me	Yes JFK is a bit surprising. I bet the president of Indonesia made a lot from his pop albums!	I wonder if he was a good actor or maybe he was a good actor
DSTC10TOPICAL-001062	No. I usually watch comedy or romantic movies.	It was fantastic. The end left you guessing though. Some people say Infinity War owes part of it's success to Black Panther.	I will make a point of watching it soon.	I think it is a good movie. I think it is a good movie.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001063	I imagine it was at least hundreds apart?	222-0. I dont even see how that is possible. That one team must have been really bad.	Perhaps a combination of the winning team being just that good and the losing team being so bad	I agree. I think the team is the highest score in the football game
DSTC10TOPICAL-001064	Talk about a good career move that would pay off down the road! Marcia Lucas was the reason for some major changes to the original movie and won an academy award for editing the film.	Another fun fact that I learned is that there's a toy Hans Solo in every Firefly episode. I loved Firefly too!	I never knew that. I'm going to have to go watch and look for it.	I love the Lion King. I think it was a great movie.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001065	Hi! I love rock music and it has been for a while now. I think since the 60s.	Yeah, it's definitely a classic and great genre. White snake has had over 50 members through it's history. That's crazy!	I know. The list has its own wikipedia page.	I wonder if they have a <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-001066	Nice! Did you know engineers make more money over time than NFL players do?	I guess that makes sense since their careers are longer too and they have more time to make money	For sure, but I bet NFL players are paid more per hour. Did you know an NFL game has 11 actual minutes of gameplay?	I did not know that, that is so much longer than the average lifetime earnings of an engineer is higher than the average lifetime
DSTC10TOPICAL-001067	Yeah true. Do you know what is the highest score in college football game?	Yes that is 222-0 and do you know who was playing in that game?	Yes that was Georgia tech that beat Cumberland in 1916	Yeah that is a lot of money. Do you know who Benjarvus Green-Ellis is?
DSTC10TOPICAL-001068	Actually, I did. That thing was too long, though. I sat for 3 hours, makes me mad to think that the average NFL game has only 11 minutes of actual live gameplay.	Same here. There is so much waiting around. Id like to see a game with a running clock for all of it, stopping only when teams score. That would give more action.	You know they have tracking chips in the player's shoulder pads that records every move on the field. It would be interesting to see what that data shows!	I think they are the tracking chips in the shoulder pads and footballs to track velocity, rotation, ball speed, and location.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001069	Yeah that makes sense. Because I haven't heard of that rule with any other team. What about the rule for female players? Apparently there is no rule against it, which is interesting	I guess they never imagined that women would want or be able to play. Other sports might not have such a rule either.	Yeah that makes sense. I don't think that women can play basketball or anything like that, at least in the NBA, but maybe I'm wrong? Do you have a favorite quarterback by the way?	I like the NFL. I think the NFL is a good way to get the cheerleaders.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001070	True. 11 minutes of combat.	I'm all for women breaking barriers and the belief that they can accomplish anything a man can, but not when there is a chance for major injury just based on a size advantage.	True. Anyway, I enjoyed chatting with you!	You too!
DSTC10TOPICAL-001071	Yeah thats true. Looks like a lot of them just inherited the money	And now the actors that play the characters are getting rich. Marvel movies make serious box office cash	I know right. Have you seen infinity war?	I have seen the original series but I have seen it on the <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-001072	Yes, the talent is there, on the coaching staff too. Though I have heard accusations for cheating.	Yes and while I am not familiar enough to know the details, which team hasn't been accused as such	I really don't know. I figure that the cost of getting caught cheating would be pretty high. Didn't they have to pay a fine or something?	I think they are a lot of money and the team is a lot of money and they are a lot of money
DSTC10TOPICAL-001073	Hi! I do occasionally, usually during big games like Super Bowl.	Me too, I really don't watch much but I do like football. I think Tom Brady is an excellent quarterback.	I agree, though he is now in his 40s born in August 1977. Wonder if he might retire soon?	I think he was a good quarterback. I think he is a good quarterback.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001074	Nice I liked it too. did you know it was founded in 1889 as a playing card company	Yeah, I did not know it was that old. Did you	Yeah I did not know but apparently it has been that long	I guess it was a lot of people in the game and they had a lot of <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-001075	Hi, how are you? do you like Marvel	Hello, I am doing good this morning. Yeah I like Marvel. Me and my son are always watching superhero movies.	Nice, me too although I am not a huge Fantastic Four fan. I think the movie killed it for me...	I think it is a good way to get a <unk> I think it is a good thing to do with the <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-001076	I've watched Australian rules football and Rugby before although they aren't on tv much	They call it football codes. There is also a Gaelic football	Interesting. I mainly watch the NFL even though the games only have an average of 11 minutes of gameplay for each game	I wonder how much they make in the game. I wonder if they have tracking chips in the shoulder pads to record the players to track the players on the field.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001077	The nfl has no written rule against female players; women would in fact be allowed if they met the league's eligibility requirements. I had no idea! I would have thought they did but I guess not.	That is interesting but I wonder what the league's eligibility requirements are. What if they had to have played football in college?	I am not sure. Based on the article, they could play. I think that they are not sexist, just biased against age.	I think that is a good idea. I think they should be able to play the game with the eligibility requirements and they have to be a female player in the NFL.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001078	I do! I just watched avengers the other day! Have you seen Wonder Woman?	I haven't, but I should! It was the highest grossing superhero movie!	I know! I've seen the Dark Knight too, have you? It was the highest before Wonder Woman.	I didn't know that. I saw that Gal Gadot was the first female director to be directed by a woman.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001079	Yeah only 13 TD passes which is low for a QB, he did have a better season the previous year	Saquon Barkley should be a good pick for the fantasy draft next season.	Im not aware of that player in what position does he play?	I think he is a good QB and he is a good QB too.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001080	That would be different. Maybe they could get a pink locker room like the Univ of Iowa has for its visiting football teams. :) So bad! !	Haha, right! That is crazy. It's not any different than the crazy high score game that ended with 222-0 that's unbelievable!	Yeah that was awful for the losing team I bet. They probably could have benefited from the tracking chips they use today in the players' shoulder pads to record their moves. Maybe could have figured out what they were doing	I think that is a good way to make a game for the <unk> I wonder if they have a <unk> or if they are <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-001081	Would be awesome to watch!	Yea, it's quite ironic that Jackson popularized the robot dance and wanted to build a robot lol	Could he make it sing too?	I don't know, I wonder if he was able to moonwalk the moonwalk
DSTC10TOPICAL-001082	I can't believe google is only 10 years old!	They have certainly grown pretty fast. I love YouTube!	i do too! i also like google maps. Do you use that a lot?	I use it a lot. I use it for the <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-001083	Me too, but I guess in my childhood and college years I was watching much often. I didn't know that 14 of the world's 25 largest stadiums belong to American college football teams. Did you know that?	I did not know that. The University of Iowa's lock room for visiting teams is painted in all pink.	lol why? Do they believe it may bring any benefits to Iowa?	I don't know. I wonder if they have a pink locker room pink for the visiting team.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001084	I wonder too, there is an AM radio frequency that catches Jupiter's radio storms	Very cool, wonder if it just sounds like static or what? Bill Murray voiced the Human Torch in the 1970's fantastic four radio show!	no way! Now i need to look that up. It probably was amazing	I think it would be interesting to listen to the radio in the day.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001085	Good point. Did you know that bowlers made twice as much as top football stars ?	Thats crazy. It like how engineers make more in a lifetime	And what up with that crazy cumberland game. I would have walked off the field	I think it would be a good game to watch the game and watch the game
DSTC10TOPICAL-001086	That's such a nice gesture. For the longest time he was the voice of college football. Did you go to Michigan?	I did not just a big fan. My favorite player of all time attended there so It was how I became a fan	Who is your favorite player of all time?	I like the <unk> I like the <unk> and the <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-001087	I do love football! How about you?	Yes, I love to go to the games? What do you think of the Patriots?	I like the Patriots! I'm glad that they won the super bowl. Tom Brady puts a lot of work into his game and deserves to be a winner for his dedication to being the best he can be.	I think he is a great player. I think he is a great player and he has a lot of money and he is a great player.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001088	I did, it was pretty boring this year though.	Free with you, they should have had Snoop Dogg make a theme song for the game like he did for his son's high school football team LOL	Interesting, do you play golf?	I do like golf but I don't play much golf but I do like to play golf myself
DSTC10TOPICAL-001089	Oh yeah you're right when they the aired the final family Guy episode.	Tv is a mass medium for advertisement, entertainment, and news. Is there anything else you enjoy?	Yes it is indeed. I enjoy the Internet. It's addicting and can cause measurable changes in the brain.	I do not know how much it is in the library of alexandria
DSTC10TOPICAL-001090	I wonder if that is supposed to have some effect on the players	I am not sure. In the 60s bowlers used to make more than NFL players	Yeah I guess it was a more popular game back then. Their coaches are the highest paid people	True. Do you know who Benjarvus Green-Ellis is?
DSTC10TOPICAL-001091	Wasn't he a running back for the NE Patriots?	Yeah he was and he never fumbled the ball in his career	That's impressive. I wonder how many years he played for the Patriots to have that kind of stat	Yeah I guess so. Do you know who Benjarvus Green-Ellis is?
DSTC10TOPICAL-001092	Now that's suprising. I wonder how much would that be	I'm not sure. I think it's because NFL players do not play past their 30s normally	True. How about golf? are you familiar with it?	I have a few courses in the US and I have a few courses in the US and it is a lot of water.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001093	Yes. The Saints cheerleaders cannot even eat in the same restaurant as the players.	I guess it is to keep the players from getting distracted or from bad press about teams.	I'm sure. Even if the cheerleader is already there, if a player walks into the restaurant the cheerleader has to leave.	I think that is a good rule to prevent the players.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001094	I guess that is not a lot considering how long they have been around	That is true actually. Do you know the programming language Python?	I have heard of it, is that somehow related to comedy	Yeah and they have programming language called python
DSTC10TOPICAL-001095	I sometimes watch football. You?	I like watching it when it's on! Can you believe there is only 11 minutes of actual gameplay?	I can. they do so much standing around and waiting. it feels like they try to run down the clock. i wouldnt buy a ticket. too expensive.	I agree. I think it's crazy that the average lifetime earnings of an engineer is higher than the average lifetime earnings of an NFL player.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001096	True. It was my pleasure to talk with you.	Have a good day my friend watch a disney film for me today	Sure.	bye
DSTC10TOPICAL-001097	Ha! Maybe so! I mean, there's only 11 minutes of live NFL gameplay on average so it wouldn't hurt to have a few female players, I wouldn't think!	Maybe there is to many advertisements, what do yo think ? Or if the players played more than 11 minutes, they would get more injuries ?	I think it's primarily the commercials. Crazy to think it's only 11 minutes though! I wonder if the chips they use to track the movement of players only tracks 11 minutes worth?	I think they are a lot of data and the data is so much more than the NFL and the NFL is so much more than the average lifetime earnings of an engineer is higher than the average lifetime earnings
DSTC10TOPICAL-001098	Yes and they also have to leave mid meal if they walk in	Yes it is absurd and sexist and it needs to go	I agree. THey are using tracking chips on the players now	Yes they are collecting velocity and speed and other stuff
DSTC10TOPICAL-001099	Yes they are and they are collecting many stats such as velocity and rotation and others	Yeah. Do you know who Benjarvus Green-Ellis is?	Of course I do, he played for the Patriots and never fumbled the ball in his career	Yeah and he won a game for the superimposed yellow line
DSTC10TOPICAL-001100	That stat actually surprises me with how much football players work! Did you know that in the 60s even top bowlers made more than football players? !	I wasn't aware of that, actually. That's sad and unfair - almost as bad as the Saints cheerleaders not being allowed to dine in the same restaurant as the football players.	That's terrible, especially since the cheerleaders need to leave even if they were there first. Talk about no womens rights?	I think it's a good thing to do with the <unk> I think it's funny that the NFL has no written rule against female players.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001101	How great is that! So important. The library of Alexandria had a unique way of gathering books by making all ships visiting surrender their books for copy .	They must have had a impressive collection	How unfair, they would copy their books give them back the copy and keep the originals.	I wonder if the library of Alexandria has a copy of the internet in case the internet burns down.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001102	Wow. Didn't know that. Antarctica has a disc golf course	Oh that would be a cold course! A golf course in Dubai requires 4 million gallons of water!	That is a lot of water. The US have more golf courses than the world combined	Yeah I think that is a lot of water. I wonder if they have a golf course in Dubai that requires 4,000,000 gallons of water a day.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001103	How things have changed now. Did you hear they are using tracking chips on the players now?	Yes they are collecting information such as velocity and rotation and a bunch others, Wonder what for though.	I hope they can somehow use them to make the game safer and decrease the number of concussions	Yeah that is true. Do you know how the huddle was invented?
DSTC10TOPICAL-001104	Yes. They are definitely a power couple. Do you watch Game of Thrones? The author called the Pats the Lannisters of the NFL!	Yeah I've heard that one ;) really funny but what does it mean - they always pay their debt ? ;) lol	Did you know that in the 1960's bowlers made twice as much as top football stars?	I didn't know that, I wonder why they didn't have that ?
DSTC10TOPICAL-001105	I am not sure. But I'd definitely see the recent Spider Man film. I heard it was really good. And it won some Oscars	I heard it was really good, hes not my favorite superhero, but Id definitely see it also.	Do you read any other comic books?	I do like comic books, I like the Marvel comics
DSTC10TOPICAL-001106	Wow. Drogba once stopped a civil war in his country	WOw amazing. Even Jon Steward used to be a soccer player	Nice a tv host and a soccer player, lots of talent there	Yeah I know. Do you know who Jon Stewart is?
DSTC10TOPICAL-001107	They give 24 awards to talented people in the film industry annually.	Yes, Did you know that Daniel Day-Lewis is the only actor to win Best Actor at the Oscars 3 times.	No, I did not know that. Thanks for the info. I always like to know the facts related to the entertainment industry.	I agree. I think the Oscars were nominated for 9 Emmys in 2013.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001108	Friends was a great show, they had so much talent there. I was and am more of a Seinfeld fan, 3rd rock was ok.	I just love that comedies generally have a happy ending. I love to smile and laugh.	Yeah same here, and comedy is pretty hard to do right!	I agree. I love watching comedies and comedies.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001109	I watch it most weekends. I prefer the NFL to college football or any other league.	I was shocked to find out that an average NFL game, only has 11 minutes of live gameplay.	They do keep the time running while the teams are setting up & calling a new play a lot so I guess it's not too surprising. They still earn a lot of money for the little work they do.	I agree. I think it's funny that the NFL has no written rule against female players.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001110	do you know much about the universe?	Some stuff. There is a theory that it was formed through evolution	Yeah and another one that there is only one electron in it	Yeah. Did you know there is a theory that the universe is only one electron in the universe?
DSTC10TOPICAL-001111	Originally the runner-up would become vice president. So in our last election we would had vice president Hillary Clinton and president Trump. Talk about a lot of drama haha	Wow! That would have been crazy. We are much too partisan for that now. Maybe it would force us to work together more. Off topic but do you watch a lot of TV?	I watch a little bit of TV. since I don't have cable I only watch Netflix mostly. I like the show stranger things, what about you?	I watch a lot of TV. I like the Simpsons. Did you know there is only one episode where Bart does not appear and is not mentioned?
DSTC10TOPICAL-001112	Jefferson created a bible? How much money did he make on it? I know he was rich.	Yeah he created a version of it and took out all the supernatural stuff because he did not believe in it	There must not have been much left! I guess it was short book. Why did Jefferson do this? Was he angry at God or something?	Yeah he was not sure what he was in the bible
DSTC10TOPICAL-001113	I am not sure but it is shot in California in an Ikea store and people there do not even know	WOw. Do you like radio dramas?	I like them sometimes. Do you listen to them?	I do actually. Do you know who the three wealthiest ones are?
DSTC10TOPICAL-001114	Probably. I guess it's written into their contract.	football players are having too much troubles already	That's true. But it seems everyone else has to change their ways for them.	I agree. I think that is a good thing to do.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001115	Yes, have you seen Iron Man, if yes did you like it?	Yes. Even after ten years it holds up quite well!	That's true, I even like the actor in Iron Man as much as the movie itself. He is one of my favorite actor.	I love the movie <unk> I think it was a great movie.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001116	I understand their thinking. They felt that they should be loyal to the law of the land and the people of the US.	Do you like football?	Football is a fun sport. I don't get a chance to watch it much. You?	I do like football. I am a fan of the NFL.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001117	Yes that is amazing, was also shocked when I read that	I guess I find all of it fascinating. How did someone figure out that these waves could be converted into sound?	I know its crazy, I wonder if it was one of those I have an idea moments	I wonder if they can find a radio station that translates solar activity into sound and you can listen to the sun's music.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001118	OK. Did you know that females could play in the NFL ?	No but i dont like how cheerleaders are forbidden from eating in the same restaurant as any nfl player	That is crazy that they would have to leave if a player comes in.	i think that is a good thing to do with the <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-001119	Absolutely - there is a reason the lifetime earnings of an engineer is higher than that of a nfl player - their career is a lot longer.	It's funny to think that back in the 1960s, bowlers were paid more. I can't imagine sitting around and watching bowling being more exciting, but bowling alleys were popular.	Yeah I do love bowling though its been a while since I did it. There are more female bowlers though - even though it is allowed for women to play in the NFL, there aren't any.	I wonder if they have a rule that they have to play with the eligibility requirements and they have to be a kicker or a <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-001120	I guess. Do you know how the polos were invented?	Yes they were invented by a tennis player Rene Lacoste	Yes and then was adopted by others and the rest is history	Yeah. Do you know who invented the sport?
DSTC10TOPICAL-001121	What a guy really. Did you know about that weird rule that New Orleans cheerleader shave to abide to?	Yeah about not being able to eat in the same restaurant as the players. What is up with that?	Yeah and they have to leave mid meal. That rule is sexist and has to go	Yeah I guess they are not allowed to leave the restaurant if they are in the restaurant, if they are allowed to eat
DSTC10TOPICAL-001122	i do like to watch football. only get the chance from time to time. You?	I do. Did you know that the NFL has no written rules against female players?	i heard something about that, but then again i dont think they ever imagined a woman showing up to try out.	I agree. I wonder if they have tracking chips in the shoulder pads to record players on the field.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001123	I do from time to time.	me too, I am a university of iowa football fan, they paint their visitors locker room pink!	That's cool. Do you watch the NFL at all?	I do watch the NFL but I do watch the superbowl.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001124	hahaha, it is just so much fun, the game itself and all the cheering and the fans. How about the animal world, do you take much interest there?	Yeah I am a big fan of animals and nature, how about you?	Most definitely, I love science in general. Crazy to think we share the planet with 20 quintillion other species of animals	That is a lot of animals! I think animals are pretty cool too.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001125	Yes I guess football was not that popular back then as it is now	True. Do you know the highest score in college football?	Yes that is 222-0 when Georgia Tech beat Cumberland	Yeah. Do you know who Benjarvus Green-Ellis is?
DSTC10TOPICAL-001126	yes, I'd like to learn how do that myself. Apparently, you just use a razor blade and a pencil as a diode. I believe that they were called Foxhole radios.	Did you know that you can hear Jupiter radio songs on AM radio?	Well, I think it is radio storms that are so strong that they can be picked up and heard on the AM radio.	I wonder if they have a radio station that broadcasts entirely in Latin.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001127	I would if I had that kind of crazy money but it's so many shelter animals it would not be smart.	Have you ever used Pandora Radio?	Yes! I enjoy the service, How about you?	I do listen to Pandora when I was younger. I have to listen to the radio when I was younger.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001128	Hi do you like movies?	Good Afternoon! Yes, I do enjoy movies and I try to watch a new release at least once a month. You?	That is cool, do not do it as often. One of the ones that I admire the most is star wars series which started in 1977	I think the franchise is worth a lot of money and the franchise is worth $65 billion.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001129	I didn't know that, do you know if they still do that?	They still make rubber boots yes	Boots have a lot of interesting history in general. I believe the first people to ever be photographed were a man and the cleaner cleaning his boots.	I know that is a lot of boots and boots
DSTC10TOPICAL-001130	Yes it is indeed. I enjoy the Internet. It's addicting and can cause measurable changes in the brain.	It is hard to get away from the internet. Even Mt Everest has service!	Yes that is so hard to believe! When buying a product or service online, only 7% of people read the full terms.	I think the internet is a good idea. I don't know how much it is worth now.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001131	Did you know that Hugh Jackman once walked around comic con in his full wolverine costume and no one even noticed him?	haha I didn't know that. That's pretty cool! Sean Bean is so scared of flying that he hiked into location in full costume when filming the Lord of the Rings.	wow that is crazy.. There is a great pianist on tv right now - do you play?	I love watching tv. I love watching the Simpsons. Did you know there is only one episode where Bart does not appear and is not mentioned?
DSTC10TOPICAL-001132	I didnt know that, I wonder if players are ok with that, chips can gather all kinds of info and it can be a bit invasive	Well I think it is only during games so they can get velocity and rotation and such. They must be okay with it since they are keeping them in their pads	Oh I see, so this only applies to games, a thing I dont like about the game is that a lot of the times is wasted on ads, theres only a total of 11 minutes of live play	Yeah that is a lot of time. I wonder how much they make in the lifetime contracts that will be in the game
DSTC10TOPICAL-001133	That is pretty cool that there is no written rule against them and hope to see them in the field soon	Yeah I hope so too. Did you know engineers make more int heir lifetime?	Yeah and I wonder if that fact that they have longer careers has anything to do with that	Yeah I know. Do you know what the first female player was elected to the NFL?
DSTC10TOPICAL-001134	Ok, yes. It could. I'm not advocating that women. play. In fact, they'd be better off as engineers probably. The average lifetime earnings of an engineer is higher than the average lifetime earnings of an NFL player.	Probably due to injury related early retirement	True. Engineers have fewer concussions.	I think they are a lot of money and engineers make more money than football players
DSTC10TOPICAL-001135	There's a lot of money in European soccer. I guess it helps to diversity across sports and locations.	Yes, I imagine.	Soccer seems to be a game that's more fun to play than watch. I understand the appeal in countries where people grow up playing it. Recently some American got signed to a European team for a ton of cash. Maybe	I think soccer is a sport that is a soccer player in the world.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001136	Oh I see, interesting, and yeah, I see your point that definitely sells movies or at least creates interest in them.	The fact that he was so well-known and considered a comic legend just shows how effective he was at those spots. Before Iron Man was released in 2008, many people didn't even realize comics were still being published.	I can imagine after all the whole Marvel franchise is live because of him and will keep on living long after his death.	I think he was a great actor and he was a great actor and he was a great actor and he was a great actor and he was a great actor and he was a great actor and he won
DSTC10TOPICAL-001137	That's interesting, the evolutionary things are so cool, I get the hiccups a lot too.	Haha I think I have the right now. I'm just glad though that Scotland passed a lot to protect the Loch Ness monster back in 1912 just in case it exists lol	That's funny, I'd definitely be a lawyer in Switzerland to represent the animals, love them!	Haha that's a good point. I also like that hiccups are a holdover from evolution when land animals had both gills and lungs.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001138	You are kind of right, but definitely something underneath is going on with him.	I guess, maybe I don't think it's the big of deal to be upset as long as you acknowledge that it was wrong. A bit of anger can be healthy.	And I have to admit that the reporter was pushing him a little bit.	I think he is a good <unk> but I think he is a good <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-001139	I think it is a good platform for that by the way.	Not everyone does though. Burger King had a promotions that you got a free whopper if you unfriend 10 people. I wonder what inspired that.	I think that Burger King was just looking for media attention which they got.	I bet they would have been a good marketing for the Burger King promotion where if you unfriended 10 people on Facebook you would get a free whopper.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001140	Yes I actually have a DIY project in my home right now. Im watching YouTube to complete it.	It is such a great thing. There is actually NOTHING I have tried to look up that I didn't find!	I know, there is a ton of info available, even material from corporations like CBS and BBC, I think YouTube is a great invention.	I think it is a good thing to watch videos on YouTube. I think YouTube is the second largest search engine on the net.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001141	I have a passing knowledge	Same here. The highest scoring game ever was 222-0! That must have been something to watch!	Either the winning team was just that good or the losing team was just that bad	I agree. I wonder if the score ever was 222-0?
DSTC10TOPICAL-001142	It is true, I do enjoy watching the Super Bowl.	Me too although it was pretty boring this year.	Yeah, it was very boring.	I think it is a great game to be honest.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001143	What tv drama does he act in?	I don't like his movies to be honest. One more celebrity news is that actor Michael caine became an actor because all the prettiest girls at his school were in drama class.	Michael is one of my all-time favorite actors!	I love Jim Carrey. He says he is a great actor and he is a great actor.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001144	I may have seen one a very long time ago. Fox did not think it would succeed so they told George lucas if he directed it he would get all merchandising rights to himself. He must have made a fortune.	Oh I actually knew that about the films! He definitely made a fortune. They thought that the entire franchise would never make any money - especially when it came to toys and such. I bet they regret every bit of	Yes, and his wife Marcia was the reason they made all the good changes. She even won an award for it.	I think that was a great movie. I think he was a great actor and he was a great actor.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001145	Engineers came up with that! Probably a better profession for women to choose. The average lifetime earnings of an engineer are higher than the average lifetime earnings of an NFL player.	I wonder why that is! Maybe because engineers have to work longer? After all football games only have about 11 minutes of live game play.	True, but there is little risk of concussion as an engineer.	I think that is a good point. I wonder if they have tracking chips in the shoulder pads to track the players on the field.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001146	I would certainly take the engineer career path in that case. It would certainly be much easier on your body.	Yes, can you believe that in the 60s top pro bowlers made twice as much as footballs players? Talk about a job that's easy on you body!	That would be much easier on your body. I can't imagine that paying more. Times have changed. Were you also aware that 14 of the world's 25 largest stadiums are American college football team stadiums?	I didn't know that. I wonder if they have a football team in the stadium or the stadium is <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-001147	Wow cool. Did you know that superbowl is very small compared to soccer events?	Wow, I guess since so many people around the works like the sport	Yeah true. Did you know Greenland cannot join FIFA?	Yes they are not allowed to eat in the same place as the players
DSTC10TOPICAL-001148	Yeah. Did you know women can play in the NFL?	Yea there is no rule against that as long as they qualify	Yes. The game average is only 11 minutes of play anyways	Yeah I guess they are glued to the tv for hours
DSTC10TOPICAL-001149	Isn't that crazy? Almost as crazy as the thought that it is impossible to separate two phonebooks whose pages have overlapped.	Yeah or that the cables carrying phone and internet data are under water lying on the oceans floor.	Are you a Simpsons fan? There is only one episode where Bart is not present, or even mentioned.	I have seen that episode. I have never seen that episode.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001150	Yeah, I think I saw him play the piano in several films some of them had Jazz songs.	Clint is great! He is not much of a singer though. On a related note, Im astonished that Pakistan has a jazz orchestra. I did not imagine jazz as popular in that part of the world.	Pakistan has an orchestra? that is an interesting fact indeed, do you know why trumpeters grew goatees?	I think it is a functional instrument that has a jazz orchestra.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001151	No, I've never heard anything like that. I did hear, though, that there's a website where you can listen to thousands of episodes of classic radio dramas for free although I never had the pleasure of doing so.	Interesting, I'm not a huge fan of classic radio dramas.	Me neither but I like to investigate old school. Old school is interesting. As a matter of old school, did you know that the circular huddle in football was created by Paul D. Hubbard, a deaf QB, so the other	Interesting, I didn't know that. I wonder if he was a deaf QB.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001152	For almost each trip I make when I don't know where it is, especially on out of town trips	same, i use it a lot when i'm going to familiar places too in order to see if there is traffic on the road or an accident	Whenever Google goes down even for one second, there is usually a big uproar by users	i think it is a good way to get a <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-001153	yeah! it was founded back in 1923 and it is definitely approaching 100 years. That seems really insane to me	It definitely has established itself as a leader in the animation industry. Everyone knows who they are and has seen a Disney movie!	Yes I agree! What is your favorite Disney movie by the way? I really like The Little Mermaid and Beauty and the Beast	I love Disney movies. I love the Lion King. I love Disney and the Lion King. I love Disney and the Lion King.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001154	No! What teams did that?	Georgia Tech versus Cumberland.	That sounds like two college teams. That couldn't have been any time recently right?	I agree. Did you know that the University of Iowa painted the visitor's locker room pink?
DSTC10TOPICAL-001155	No I didn't know that! Doesn't seem like that makes any sense to me haha. Did you know that our rules for elections changed in 1805?	I agree. No I did not. How did they change?	Originally the runner-up would become vice president. So in our last election we would had vice president Hillary Clinton and president Trump. Talk about a lot of drama haha	I would be a reality show. I would have to see that happening in the US.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001156	That is crazy! You could buy an xbox for a whole lot less! Did you know that South Korea has laws on how late at night kids can play video games?	no! How late? do you know?	I do. They can't play past midnight.	I wonder if they enforce that rule in the past midnight.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001157	It is very helpful to view football though.	Yes. A simple thing can make a huge difference.	Yes, most of the best inventions are very simple. Do you like the Patriots?	I like the Patriots but I don't really follow the Patriots.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001158	Power to the animals! Germany also protects them as they were the first country to universally give animals constitutional rights!	That's hilarious! There's a jellyfish that can live forever.	Wow. blessing and a curse I suppose. I hate getting the hiccups but apparently its from early evolution of having both gills and lungs.	I agree. Animals develop white patches on their foreheads when they are domesticated.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001159	I have read some. Mostly online. I was never a Marvel fan until the movies came out though. Unless it was someone big like Spiderman. It amazing how release times of movies can affect each other.	Spiderman is very popular. The rights cost Sony $10 mill	They seem like a company who should make that much. They created a superhero for a 4 year old boy, just so he would be more comfortable about his hearing aids.	I think he is a great character and he is a great character and he is a great character
DSTC10TOPICAL-001160	Hi, how are you? Are you ready for a fine chat today?	For sure. Do you watch the NFL at all?	The NFL? The National Football League? Yes, I've heard of it. Is it any good?	I am a Bears fan, but I have never seen the NFL game. I know that the NFL has 32 teams.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001161	Yeah I agree with you on that. Do you know what the average actual time of gameplay is for an average NFL game?	Something like 10 minutes, right? I think I heard that when they were talking about the chips in the shoulder pads of the players.	Yeah it's only 11 minutes of actual gameplay, the rest is spent calling plays and moving chains and stuff. Yeah I have heard about that too, very interesting.	I think it is a good way to make a game with the players and the players are the best.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001162	I don't know. I think their hands are a bit tied because there are not many options for Quarterback on the team.	I was hoping that the Giants would put him to play instead of Eli	I think they will. Eli is already 37 years old.	I think he is a great player and he is a great player
DSTC10TOPICAL-001163	It was really good. A different type of marvel movie which was great	I like the comedy ones. i am not really into explosions and fight scenes. they get old.	That is a good point, seeing it once was good enough to like. It was so nice chatting with you!	Yes, it was great chatting with you too!
DSTC10TOPICAL-001164	That is a lot. Did you know there is a town , where the Mayor is a cat?	I think that is in Alaska, right?	Yes, the town is Talkeetna, and the cat has been major since 1997	That's cool. I wonder if cats have a cat named Stubbs as mayor?
DSTC10TOPICAL-001165	What kind of book is it?	I suppose it depends on who you ask. I believe that he believes it's spiritual but a critic called it cult like and creepy.	What do you think though?	I think he is a <unk> <unk> I think he is a <unk> <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-001166	That was a good game. They started out as a playing card company. I didn't know they owned the Mariners.	No I didn't know that either. I also didn't know that they made a handheld system just for the game Pokemon back in 2001, I wonder what system that was	I never heard of that either. I wonder if it was only for the Japanese market? At the Mariners games, you can install an app for the 3DS to order food.	Haha that's a good question! I also like that they have a handheld console that was released in Japan
DSTC10TOPICAL-001167	Hahaha I wonder. Do you know what the highest score in football is?	Yeah, that would be the Georgia Tech crushing of Cumberland, 222-0. Ouch!	I know I wonder how they felt after that	I wonder if they would have been the highest score ever in a football game since Georgia Tech defeated Cumberland 222-0!
DSTC10TOPICAL-001168	Yes, I do! I just hope it is not hosted by Jimmy Kimmel again. Do you plan on watching?	yes if i can remember the day. will you have a viewing party?	Usually just watch it by myself. What does a viewing party consist of exactly?	I am not a fan of the <unk> but i am not a fan of the <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-001169	It's amazing how much technology is used in the NFL these days	Yes, I was reading about the chips that they're using in shoulder pads. I hope the data they gather that way will be used to prevent injuries.	And it's interesting how ESPN won an Emmy for that yellow line they created.	I think it was the first game to win the Emmy for the superimposed yellow line representing the first down line for the first down line.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001170	Do you watch the rest of the NFL? I do even though there is 11 minutes of actual action in a 3 hour broadcast.	I do, games tend to be really long and Im not convinced by that fact, games seem to last a lot longer, gameplay and all, I wonder if its actually true	Well the NFL tracks everything. They even have chips in shoulder pads and footballs for tracking so I am pretty sure they are accurate.	I guess they are tracking chips in the shoulder pads and the players are also the <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-001171	Yeah he is definitely very smart. I guess there is also a theory where there is just one electron in the whole universe as well.	hmm that is strange I haven't heard that, kim jong un has a degree in physics so maybe he knows haha	Holy cow, I didn't know that about him, very interesting.	ya I agree, I think he is a star trek and he is a star trek that is a star
DSTC10TOPICAL-001172	Are you a fan of Tom Cruise?	I do like some of his movies.	Did you know Seinfeld is worth more than Tom Cruise and Tom Hanks combined?	I did not know that. I guess he is a good actor but he is a good actor.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001173	Yeah I hope we get to see them in the field at some point	Yeah me too. THe gameplay is only 11 minutes anyways	Yes and yet we are glued to the tv for hours on end	I know. Engineers make more than footballers in the lifetime
DSTC10TOPICAL-001174	That's interesting! Will you be watching the Superbowl? I heard it's coming up	I hope the Eagles make it again. Hopefully they don't have to set up a court though	Ha. I don't usually watch football but will probably watch the Superbowl. The suspense is exciting.	I agree. I think it's funny that the Patriots have won the Super Bowl for the Super Bowl losses.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001175	I do not really, are they good? Maybe I should check them out	Well there is a free website of them if you would like to check it out	Yeah that is nice. Did you know that there is a radio station that turns solar energy into tunes	Wow cool. Do you know how soldiers made foxhole radios during WWII?
DSTC10TOPICAL-001176	That seems unfair. A lot about football seems unfair. For example, New Orleans Saints cheerleaders can't eat in the same restaurant as any NFL player. If they are already dining at a restaurant and an NFL player comes in after,	That is so wrong and sexist, I cannot believe they still have that rule. Did you know ESPN won an Emmy once?	I believe it. ESPN has been around for a long time. They should have won at least once.	Yeah it was a yellow line that was the first down line
DSTC10TOPICAL-001177	I bet they are regretting this choice and someone definetely got fired lol, It sure cost them billions.	The franchise itself is worth $65 billion.	I like that Star Wars explored the universe, although many things of the movie are fiction it made me wonder as a kid, you know that there are stars that are cold enough that can be touched with bare hands	I did not know that. I wonder if the universe is a giant hologram?
DSTC10TOPICAL-001178	That is interesting, it goes to show just how big the NFL has gotten since then.	I think engineers make more, as well.	Over the average career they do, I think it takes in account how long their careers are compared to pro sports players.	I think it is a lot of money for the players and the players are the highest paid athletes in the world.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001179	Good morning! Yes, I am. What about you?	I watch mostly college, but I tend to watch most during playoff time.	That's cool, I like NFL football.	I like the Patriots and the Patriots and the Patriots are the best team in the NFL
DSTC10TOPICAL-001180	Yeah I recently just found that out. Would you say you're pretty religious?	You would think since there's only 11 minutes of live NFL gameplay, we'd at least have a female kicker by now, right? But I do like to read the Bible from time to time. What about you?	Right, I can't believe it's so short considering a game is like 3 hours long when watching it. I am not too religious but I do read the Bible from time to time	I think it's interesting that the Bible is not as popular as the Bible and Jefferson and Jefferson were the only US presidents to have sworn in the Bible
DSTC10TOPICAL-001181	I didn't know that. What did they win it for?	It was pretty strange but they got it for inventing the superimposed yellow line	Interesting! RB Former RB Benjarvus Green-Ellis never fumbled during his NFL career. That's pretty incredible.	Wow that is amazing. Do you know who Benjarvus Green-Ellis is?
DSTC10TOPICAL-001182	Right!! Are you interested in football history? I'm looking forward to the Super Bowl coming up. The original first NFL playoff game was way back in 1932.	That is wild, to be honest I kind of thought that playoff games happened earlier than that, I do know that the highest scoring football game was 222-0 although I don't remember what teams were playing	Wow. That must have been some boring game! The game today is so technologically involved. They even use tracking chips to monitor the ball speed, etc. and the players moves.	I think that is a good question, I wonder if they can track the rotation of the ball and the ball is the same as the ball
DSTC10TOPICAL-001183	Matt Patricia is a male lol, he is a rocket scientist and also a coach in the NFL	Wow, I feel a little embarrassed for not knowing that, first chance I get I will read upon him.	Patricia its a girls name so don't worry its an honest mistake, he must be a really smart guy though being a rocket scientist and all	I think that is a good thing to do. I wonder if he has a rule that he has to be a rocket scientist
DSTC10TOPICAL-001184	New orleans saints cheerleaders are forbidden from eating in the same restaurant as any nfl player and if they are already dining at a restaurant and an nfl player comes in after, the cheerleaders are required to leave. Isn't this	Yeah, that's pretty crazy. The average lifetime earnings of an engineer is higher than the average lifetime earnings of an nfl player and an average mlb player.	Now that's suprising. I wonder how much would that be	I think it is a lot of money to make a lot of money.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001185	Hi there, do you watch the NFL games?	The NFL? The National Football League? I've heard of it. Is that still around?	Yeah of course it is a big deal nowadays. Much bigger than in the 60 when Bowling was a bigger sport	I guess the NFL has a lot of fans in the NFL. I wonder if they have a female player in the NFL since they have no written rule against female players.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001186	Same here. The highest scoring game ever was 222-0! That must have been something to watch!	Either the winning team was just that good or the losing team was just that bad	Or both! Did you know in the NFL they only play for around 11 minutes per game?	I wonder how much they make in the game
DSTC10TOPICAL-001187	Well he is doing what it takes to stay at the top of his game at age 40	coupled with avocado ice cream as well.	Did you know that the visiting football teams is completely painted pink ?	I did not know that. I wonder why they did that?
DSTC10TOPICAL-001188	A Mars colonization project planned for 2023 will be funded by creating a reality TV show.	What the heck, I wonder who will sign up for that show?	HAHA no idea!	I think it would be interesting to see if it is on mars and it would be a reality show.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001189	Me too. Hopefully nothing wrong with Lebron	im not a lebron fan !!! im hoping something is a little wrong with him haha	whatever. Btw, do you watch football games this season	i dont watch much football but i do like the game
DSTC10TOPICAL-001190	Google employees that need help could improve their knowledge by reading it.	Did you know robots can be controlled by using rat brains?	I heard that it's personality is changed depending on the brain they used.	I think robots are programmed to debone a chicken with surgical precision.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001191	Yes they do. I wonder how big they are.	Me too! Interesting that they live underwater too	seems like you can't escape bugs anywhere from the ocean to the sky	I wonder if they are <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-001192	He really does, he was drafted as a number one pick in 2005 too.	Do you go to football games? I've been to one once in my life at Indiana University.	Ive been to quite a few at Florida State, but no pro games. There is only 11 minutes of live action anyway	I have been to a few games in the past few years. I have never been to a game where I play a lot of games and I have never played the game.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001193	That's great. Did you know that espn won an award.	Yes! It is so interesting to learn the history behind things such as the symbols representing first down lines in American football games.	I haven't heard about those. I do know they are going to add tracking chips in the padding of the players.	I think they are the most valuable player in the NFL
DSTC10TOPICAL-001194	I honestly can say I do not remember a science fiction film winning an Oscar for best picture. It usually ends up be some dramatic movie or something. Its possible they may have won before my time, but I don't	Yeah, what's you're favorite sci-fi film?	Off the top of my head I can't think of one. I love movies dealing with aliens and such though. I also enjoy when the sci fi has a little bit of a fear element to it. What is your	I like the <unk> I think it's funny that the movie was nominated for the Academy Award in 2013.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001195	I am not positive, but I think the original 1977.	Yea that one is my favorite. It's crazy the entire Star Wars franchise is worth 65 billion	Wow yes, I remember it was one of the most popular and high rated movie that brought in millions.	Yea, Marcia Lucas made a lot of money for the first Star Wars franchise
DSTC10TOPICAL-001196	I hope so too. On another topic, do you know anything about the Bible?	I do actually. I know that is has sold over 5 billion copies now	That is a lot of books. I guess that is why is one of the most influential books in history	Yeah that is true. Do you know who the wealthiest presidents are?
DSTC10TOPICAL-001197	Hello, How are you? Do you like football?	Football? Yes, it is a great game! The world loves the football!	Yes, especially the US, the NFL. were you meaning the soccer game?	I am a football fan. I am a fan of football. I like the Patriots and the Patriots and the Patriots are the best player in the world series.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001198	Do you watch the NFL?	A little, you? I can't watch like i use to years ago so im not current.	Which of the 32 teams is your favorite?	I like the bears. I like the <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-001199	I guess? They say Shakespeare's works take on a different meaning when performed with an era appropriate accent instead of a modern one. I think I'd like to watch and listen to one.	I would too. I wonder if he could play piano?	He may have, he seemed very talented. Can you play piano?	I used to play piano as a kid. I used to play piano as a kid.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001200	I can't even imagine what it must have felt like to lose that badly. I think the game should have been stopped.	Yea that is a pretty appalling performance by Cumberland, there hasn't been a worse performance in over a 100 years	That's an interesting fact. What do you think about the team that painted the opposing teams locker room pink?	Yea, I wonder if pink locker room is painted pink
DSTC10TOPICAL-001201	It is 222-0 and it dates back to 1916 when Georgia Tech beat Cumberland	Yeah what a game really. Did you know ESPN won an Emmy once?	Yeah they won it for the superimposed yellow line and I am happy about that .	Yeah it was so bad. Did you know ESPN won an Emmy once?
DSTC10TOPICAL-001202	222-0. I dont even see how that is possible. That one team must have been really bad.	Perhaps a combination of the winning team being just that good and the losing team being so bad	Ive seen some blow outs, but never by that much.	I think the Patriots are the best player in the NFL
DSTC10TOPICAL-001203	I would think for sure Trump would be the wealthiest! Maybe Trump could make some pop albums while in office like the president in Indonesia did! haha, that would bring in more money! Then he could have concerts too! haha,	Maybe he can make it to the top 3 if he sold a decent amount of albums lol, it would be crazy and it is sure fun to imagine.	Wouldn't it! I wonder if the president ever goes to any Football games or goes to concerts, or rather have them come to him lol....I love concerts and have been to many but not any lately.	I think I would be a good concert if I had to go to the concert and I would have to be a concert for a concert
DSTC10TOPICAL-001204	Yeah and won an award for it.	Do you like baseball? A married couple scheduled all the games up until 2005. In fact they scheduled 2430 games.	That is a lot of time dedicated to baseball lol I hope they got paid! It is nice when couples have a hobby that they are so passionate about though.	I agree. I wonder if they are worth a lot of money in the world
DSTC10TOPICAL-001205	They did not use a Bible at their swearing-in ceremonies. I think they swore on the Constitution.	It interesting how the work apple came about	That is an interesting coincidence. The word "malus" means both apple and evil. So Eve actually ate evil.	I wonder if the bible was the same gavel for 165 years until nixon cracked it.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001206	Wow. Do you like the nfl?	I sure do. Did you know Snoop Dog wrote a song for his son's team?	Cool. Did you know U of Iowa painted the visitor locker room pink?	WOw that is a strange name for the U of Iowa
DSTC10TOPICAL-001207	That is crazy, then why does it take 3 hours? Seems like it should move along faster.	They must be going from snap to whistle but that still seems way low.	I agree with that, it must be all the commercials	I agree. I think it's a good thing to watch the game and watch the game on the field.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001208	Ya, I would say that from my experience that means that 40% of the music on a canadian radio is probably not very good haha	Right!! Are you interested in football history? I'm looking forward to the Super Bowl coming up. The original first NFL playoff game was way back in 1932.	That is wild, to be honest I kind of thought that playoff games happened earlier than that, I do know that the highest scoring football game was 222-0 although I don't remember what teams were playing	I think it was a game that was a long time ago. I wonder if the game was still in the game or if it was a <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-001209	Oh for sure! Do you like science at all?	I do like science, I think that scientists make big contributions to society, they make human kind better and smarter.	Well said! Did you know the NFL has a coach who was a rocket scientist?	I didnt know that, I wonder if he was a scientist or maybe he was a scientist
DSTC10TOPICAL-001210	Yes I guess they also have longer careers to it adds up	True. Did you hear of that rule for Saints cheerleaders?	Yes they are not allowed to eat in the same place as the players	Yes and they have to leave mid meal if they walk in
DSTC10TOPICAL-001211	You never know I guess, time will tell. Did you hear about them using tracking chips on the players while in the field?	I knew they track he balls, but they track players too?	Yes it is in their shoulder pads and they are tracking stuff like velocity and rotation and such	I wonder if they are tracking chips in the shoulder pads to track the players on the field.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001212	Yes that was for the indian releases because they were afraid to insult them	Yeah. Do you like fiction work?	I do. Do you know who wrote the oldest example of a cyborg?	Yes that was Edgar Allan Poe and Poe
DSTC10TOPICAL-001213	Um, no, I don't. I don't know much about football. There are many teams in many places and many players with many faces.	Yeah that is true. Do you know how many teams are there?	There are probably 2 or 3 dozen that are good at football. Good enough to be professional.	Yeah I guess they are not allowed to play in the NFL.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001214	Yeah I think I have read about that rule, seems a bit outdated to me.	Yea, there is no way anyone would support that or they would be fighting for their rights	Agreed, did you know that there is NO rule on female players?	I did not know that, I wonder if they have tracking chips in the players
DSTC10TOPICAL-001215	I would imagine that the graphics were very different between the 3 different versions.	Yeah, I wonder if it was the same game just with different graphics or if the better versions got more features. That would've confused the heck outta me, having 3 versions of the same game.	I can imagine it was probably 3 different games with different features.	I think it is a good thing to be a game with the game and the game is a lot of fun.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001216	yes, i dont really know golf and swimming well but they look like interesting activities.	Same here. I've heard that students at Cornell have to pass a basic swimming test before they can graduate.	i wonder where that came from. maybe other colleges require the same sort of things, i dunno.	I think it is a good idea. I think it is a good idea.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001217	yea that rule forbidding cheerleader from the same place as football players is outdated and sexist	I agree. Pretty funny that U of Iowa painted their visitor's locker room pink though	Yea, Iowa must be trying to psych out the visiting team with those pink locker rooms lol	I wonder if they would have been in the pink locker room pink
DSTC10TOPICAL-001218	No I haven't. How much can stars make?	Some make more than 100,000 per weekend!	Wow, pretty cool. Seems like it would be good to break up the routine as well.	I think it is a good way to get a lot of money and I think it is a good way to get a lot of money.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001219	That would be scary. When you turn 100 in Japan, the PM sends you a silver cup to celebrate.	Do a lot of people turn a 100 in Japan?	Apparently they do. They will need to start making cheaper silver cups lol.	I wonder if they have a silver cup in Japan where they are 100 to celebrate.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001220	I like to watch football, yeah, not my favorite sport but its nice	Yeah I watch it from time to time too. DO you like Tom Brady?	He is the QB for the Patriots right? I guess he is a great player, I watched the last Super bowl and he threw an amazing pass	Yeah he was a great player. He was a backup QB in the NFL
DSTC10TOPICAL-001221	it does i only know that the super bowl is in the first week of February.	They only rest one of the 17 weeks of the season.	Yes it's called a bye week. apparently the patriots fans have their own creed called in bill we trust.	I wonder if they are the only team to win the superbowl
DSTC10TOPICAL-001222	I do sometimes. Did you know you can catch Jupiter's storms on am radio	Wow cool. Among the most popular radio acts in the 30s was a ventriloquist	Hmm interesting. Have you ever heard of foxhole radio and what they are?	I have not but I hear they are required to play 40% canadian music
DSTC10TOPICAL-001223	Oh I think I would have too haha. Maybe back when it was painted people cared less about football, like in the 1960s when even bowlers made more money.	Yeah I think that Bowlers made like twice as much as football stars actually, what do you think about ESPN winning an Emmy though? They want it back or creating the yellow line that you see in football for first	Oh I didn't know that! I think that's nice though, they certainly deserve recognition for it. I know Benjarvus Green-Ellis never fumbled the ball, I wonder if he got an award for it too.	Yes I think that is a lot of money. I wonder how much he has won in the top bowlers made twice as much as top football players
DSTC10TOPICAL-001224	That is probably because they want to raise awareness of breast cancer. A lot of football players get breast cancer.	Maybe, I do not know the reason behind it. Bowlers seems made more money in the 60s than the football players	Bowlers probably were the ideal athletes back in the day and got respect for it. They never painted the lanes or the ball pink. Little breast cancer awareness.	Yeah that is true. Do you know who Benjarvus Green-Ellis is?
DSTC10TOPICAL-001225	i loved the movie. did you watch it?	No, but I guess I better watch the DVD. Is it time for woman's equality among the superheroes?	yeah. it was the highest grossing superhero origin movie?	I think it was a superhero movie. I think it was a good movie.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001226	Hello. Do you use Google much? A single Google search is so powerful!	I love Google, it is the #1 search engine, how about you	Yes I love it too. I mention that it was a powerful search engine. A single search requires more computing power than it took to send Neil Armstrong to the moon.	That is crazy, I wonder how much power Google went down for 5 minutes
DSTC10TOPICAL-001227	Oh my gosh, you are a wealth of knowledge. I love it	Bugs sure are interesting, to think they can be found in almost every environment!	I imagine that there is a vast amount of species of insects and bugs. I never would've realized that there are even bugs in the ocean.	I think that is a lot of <unk> I wonder if they are <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-001228	I did not know that! I wonder how many have tried out for the NFL.	I don't think any have tried. It would have been big news.	Yeah. I wonder if it will ever happen.	I think it would be a good game.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001229	wow that is interesting. did you watch wonder woman?	I did, and it was a great movie! It's no wonder that it's the highest-grossing superhero movie	yeah and also the highest grossing WWI movie too	I wonder if the movie was based on the movie <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-001230	Yeah, kissing is kind of a weird concept though when you think about it. There is a contest where writers try to come up with the worst possible opening sentence to a novel. I wonder what it is.	Hmm, coming up with the worse opening line in a novel actually sounds quite challenging	Yeah, I'm betting some of them are pretty funny.	I wonder if romantic kissing is a recent development of literature
DSTC10TOPICAL-001231	Hi there, do you watch the NFL?	Yes, I like to watch nfl games, do you like the games also?	Yes me too. Did you know the U of Iowa visitor locker room is pink?	I wonder if that is the tactic or the tactic of the tactic or the tactic of the tactic
DSTC10TOPICAL-001232	ahhh, sorry ;) I thought we're talking about a game where players use their feet to kick the ball :)	That'	That's football :)	I think it is a good game.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001233	They really did here we are almost 50 years later and it is still going strong!	That's my childhood! It shocks me to see that the value of the Star Wars franchise is $65 billion!	And that makes it only the 5th highest grossing media franchise. I wonder what beat it?	I think it was the first Star Wars film dubbed in Navajo
DSTC10TOPICAL-001234	They have certainly grown pretty fast. I love YouTube!	i do too! i also like google maps. Do you use that a lot?	For almost each trip I make when I don't know where it is, especially on out of town trips	I love the <unk> I love the <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-001235	well they stuck to it it seems. Did you know U of Iowa painted the visitor locker room pink?	I think that has something to do with the breast cancer awareness movement or something.	I am not sure actually. I hope that is the reason. Did you know bowlers made more money than football players in the 60s?	I think it was a popular sport in the 1960s but it was a popular sport in the 1960s but it was more popular than the 60s
DSTC10TOPICAL-001236	Did you know that New Orleans Saints cheerleaders cannot eat in the same restaurant as a Saints player? They have to leave the place if the player comes in.	I recently seen this somewhere, and thought was outrageous.	I think it is outrageous too because what if the cheerleader is with her family? Does that mean the cheerleader has to immediately stop eating and leave?	I think it is sexist and sexist to be a cheerleader to leave the restaurant if a player walks in.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001237	I didn't, but that makes sense. I think they got an Emmy for it! Aren't the Emmy's for TV shows? That's so weird.	To them it is still a show I guess. In 1916 georgia tech won 222 to zero	What?! That's crazy. And since an average game is only 11 minutes in actual live gameplay, that's especially insane!	I know. I wonder how much they make in the game
DSTC10TOPICAL-001238	No, especially high school football. I find really boring. You?	Yeah I follow the NFL just a bit, but only my local team I would say.	I have to agree with the parents who don't want their children to play because of health concerns	I agree with you. I think the NFL is a good thing to do.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001239	Women can play football? What does ESPN think of this? I suppose it doesn't effect their yellow line.	The game is really not that long, the average game is only 11 minutes of live gameplay	11 minutes is not that long a game, even for anyone to play!	I think it is a lot of money for the game.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001240	I agree. Do you know where the button down is?	Yes that is the collar tips fasten to the body of the shirt. ANd button down?	Button down is when they do not fasten to the shirt	Yeah I wonder how they do that. Do you know why the button button is called a shirt?
DSTC10TOPICAL-001241	Yeah. DO you like the NFL?	I love it. Did you know women can play in the NFL too?	Yes as there is no rule that prevents them from playing	Yeah. Did you know the average game only has 11 minutes of gameplay
DSTC10TOPICAL-001242	Hi, I watch occasionally. Most big games like Super Bowl.	I didn't watch the Super Bowl this year. The Patriots won again, right?	Yes they did. The coach Belichick is the winningest coach in NFL postseason football with 21 wins. 20 of those with the Pats.	I think that is a good thing to do. I think the Patriots are the best coach in the NFL
DSTC10TOPICAL-001243	Brady has to come crashing down eventually, with Belichick.	Yeah I would say that run is about over. It was a good one though. They dominated for a long time.	They were fun to watch before they were always expected to win	Yeah I think they are the best team in the NFL and they are still playing with the Patriots.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001244	That shows how quickly things can change. Most pro football players don't have long careers. I wonder how much they make compared to other professions over their lifetime.	Well, I also read that average lifetime earnings of an engineer is higher than the average lifetime earnings of an average NFL player.	That's pretty interesting. Do you read the bible much or are you not religious?	I do not know much about it. I know that the bible is the only one to have a bible in the bible
DSTC10TOPICAL-001245	Yea I am more of a dog person. Haha yeah I would agree with you. All they do is sleep. At the age of 15 , a cat will have spent 10 of those years sleeping. So boring! !	How do cats always have good things happen to them though? I mean the stray cat found on set that was then in the Godfather is probably living the good life.	Yes I bet he is. Must be that whole 9 lives business. They can just relive until they get good fortune. Also quite surprising there are 70 cat breeds, seems like a lot to me.	I think they are a lot of people in the world. I think they are a cat company. Cats are a cat company.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001246	From personal experience, I can confirm that football is religion in the south.	You having southern experience, did you know the New Orleans cheerleaders are forbidden from eating at a restaurant that a player is in? That's crazy, almost as crazy as the Rams robbing the Saints from being in the Super Bowl.	Yes, and if the cheerleaders are eating and the players come in the restaurant, the cheerleaders have to leave.	I wonder if they have a rule that they have to be in the restaurant if they are allowed to leave the restaurant if they are in the restaurant, if they are allowed to eat in the same restaurant as
DSTC10TOPICAL-001247	Well, that is awesome, I guess he did get what he wanted.	I guess? They say Shakespeare's works take on a different meaning when performed with an era appropriate accent instead of a modern one. I think I'd like to watch and listen to one.	I would too. I wonder if he could play piano?	I don't know. I would have to be able to play the piano.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001248	Yeah I know but they got it after all. Do you know who Benjarvus Green-Ellis is?	Never heard of him. Is he famous? What does he do?	yeah he is a former QB who never fumbled the ball in his career	That is a good player. I wonder if he was a coach at U of Iowa and the coach was the coach of the team.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001249	Oh wow, I guess they had a lot of money back then. did you know the guest house is larger than the white house?	haha I didn't know that seems odd, also odd is the president of Zimbabwe's name is President Banana haha	yeah I wonder if that means something else in their language though	ya I wonder if that is the real name or maybe the president of Indonesia has released 3 pop albums while in office
DSTC10TOPICAL-001250	Oh interesting. House is awesome because of Hugh Laurie. Makes sense he makes 700,000 per episode.	that was so much money per episode. He made the show awesome for sure!	Yes no doubt about that. He is the highest paid actor for any tv drama!	I think he is a great actor. I think he is a great actor and he is a great actor.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001251	I might look it up and tune in after this chat haha. How do you feel the president of the united states is doing?	I am surprised that he is not in the top 3 wealthiest presidents.	After inflation, I am surprised as well. He comes from a business background, so I was expecting him to be able to make much better decisions. It just goes to show you that politics are a much different beast than	I agree. I think the president of Indonesia is a pop star too.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001252	Yeah pretty neat. THe game only has 11 minutes of active play after all	Yeah that is short and we are glued to the tv for so long watching the game	Exactly. Did you know engineers make more than them over their lifetime?	Yes they are not allowed to play in the same place as the players
DSTC10TOPICAL-001253	I have not. cold stars? i thought stars were hot.	I did too. But apparently there are stars in the known universe that are cold enough to be touched by the human hand.	i guess that could be interesting. i would rather mars. or the moon.	I agree. I think it is a big center of the universe.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001254	I don't think I've seen any of those.	ok cool.	Have you watched any of them?	I have seen the movie <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-001255	I don't know what year it was, just that they were the first team to win back to back World Series and they haven't won since.	The World Series is popular in the US, but not around the world. In fact, the women's world cup gets a bigger TV audience. Maybe if they allowed women in the MLB, things would change.	Yes, who knows!	I think the world series was a great idea to win the world series and the world series was the first team to win back-to-back world series and then won the world series.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001256	I liked to play with my dad when I was younger, but don't keep much up with it now. I like football and other sports more. How about you?	I played more when I was younger and had more free time. I'm a bigger football fan. Did you know that the University of Iowa had their visitors locker room painted pink? Must have been to mess with opponents minds.	Yeah, but seems a little sexist, frankly. It's a pretty sexist industry of a whole, despite technically allowing women to play.	I agree. I think it's funny that the highest score ever in a football game occurred in 1916 when georgia tech defeated cumberland 222-0.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001257	Hi, how are you?	I'm doing good, how about yourself?	I am well, thanks! Do you watch the olympics?	I do like to watch the Olympics. I do like to watch the Olympics. I do like to watch the Olympics.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001258	At my age, I prefer to play baseball, but prefer to watch football. You?	I don't play either anymore haha although I'm not that old. I like to watch football a little bit more but they run during different seasons so I can watch both.	You know, back in the 1960s, bowlers would make more money than football players. Now that is a sport I cannot understand why people would watch rather than play.	I think it is a sport that makes more money than football, basketball, baseball, golf, tennis, and hockey combined.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001259	Hello, do you like the movie Batman?	I sure do. Do you know what is was originally based on?	I do not know what , what? There were also plans to build a gotham city theme park	Yeah that is pretty cool. Do you know who the first president of Zimbabwe was called?
DSTC10TOPICAL-001260	Hello, do you like Walt Disney?	I like Disney! How about you!	I do as well. Did you know Minnie Mouse's name is short for Minerva Mouse?	I did not know that. I wonder if they have a special <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-001261	I sure do. How about yourself?	Me too. Did you know women can play in the NFL too?	Did not know there, are there limitations though?	I am not sure but there is no rule against them
DSTC10TOPICAL-001262	I have never heard of that and I don't think I'll want to visit any time soon. I do want to watch a live football game some time though, have you ever been to one?	ya it was a long time ago, I personally only like games on tv, much cheaper and easier to see, I'm glad espn invented the yellow first down line on tv haha	Yeah and they even won an emmy or some type of award for it, I wonder what category that invention for that award falls under.	ya I think so, I think it was a great game and I think it was a great game
DSTC10TOPICAL-001263	Yeah I guess. Good for them for playing till the end. ESPN won an award once, an Emmy, do you know what for? It is related to football?	I heard about this, they won the emmy for creating the virtual yellow line on the field, right? !	Yeah that was it. Apparently bowlers made more money than football players back in the 60s	That is crazy, I wonder how much football players have to do with the highest scoring football game ever?
DSTC10TOPICAL-001264	I am really not that into football but I do follow it some. I heard something funny one time. That the university of iowa's visiting locker room is painted completely pink	Yeah I wonder what the reasoning behind that was. Did you know women can play too?	Wow I didn't know that. I saw that an average nfl game has only 11 minutes of actual play time	Yeah that is a lot of money. Did you know the highest score ever in a football game was 222-0
DSTC10TOPICAL-001265	We always watch the Superbowl, will have a couple people over but nothing big. I am rooting for the Patriots though!	haha me too, do you like Michael Caine? I guess he only got into acting to chase cute girls haha	Haha, that's funny! He made the right choice to get into drama! I like Jim Carrey in Drama films but he won't do drama anymore. Love his comedy too though.	ya I agree, I think he is a great actor, I think he is a great actor, he is a great actor, he is a great actor, he is a great actor
DSTC10TOPICAL-001266	Cool. Brady was a backup QB in high school and was never started	wow they wasted a good chance to win some games there	Yeah. Do you know Alex Smith completed college in two years?	Yes he was a QB in college and finished college in two years
DSTC10TOPICAL-001267	Maybe he can sell it for a profit later on, and use his celebrity status to up the price. Are you a fan of the Star Wars films?	yeah that is possible. that will still not be enough to lift the ban that the city of paris put on him	Paris banned Tom Cruise? Why?	he is a star wars star wars
DSTC10TOPICAL-001268	Somewhat, I know he's a rapper and was in Degrassi	Nice. He graduated high school at the age of 25 in 2012. He must have quit and went back?	I guess so, most people graduate college before 25, not high school like Drake	I guess he was a good <unk> He was a high school student in high school and he was a student of high school and ended up being a teen after he graduated high school
DSTC10TOPICAL-001269	Yeah, all the miracles and resurrection. Up until 1963 the Bible was a required read in elementary education	Not surprising. I'm glad they took that out though. I don't think religion should be forced on kids.	Me too, it is a choice. The Biblical tower of Babel seem to be based on a real building that exists today	I wonder if it was the bible or the bible or the bible in the bible
DSTC10TOPICAL-001270	I see. do you know that the highest score ever in a football game occurred in 1916, and the score was 222-0	Yes, I had heard that before! I wonder how much money football players made in that time. I heard that in the 1960s it was only half as much as popular bowlers of the time.	Yeah, that fact surprised me a lot.	I think it is a sport that has a lot of money and the players are not as popular.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001271	What do you think about the dodo bird? I'm kind of sad that it is extinct but at least it is related to pigeons	I would love to of seen a real dodo, they look much cooler than pigeons	Yep I agree. It's crazy to me that bird bones are actually Hollow and weigh less than their feathers	Yea, birds are pretty cool, I wonder if they can mimic the sound of cameras, car alarms, and chainsaws.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001272	Yes, and that James Cameron decided to quit his truck driving job to enter the film industry after watching Star Wars?	Talk about a good career move that would pay off down the road! Marcia Lucas was the reason for some major changes to the original movie and won an academy award for editing the film.	Another fun fact that I learned is that there's a toy Hans Solo in every Firefly episode. I loved Firefly too!	I didn't know that. I did know that the first film to be dubbed in Zulu for its African release.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001273	Yeah, that is pretty crazy. Did you know an iphone has more computing power than the entire US Nuclear ICBM deterrent.	Isn't that crazy? I didn't know that. Unicef will donate a day of clean water to a child in need for every minute you don't use your cell phone. Sign me up. lol	Interesting. Did you know that Jupiter has radio storms that can be heard on AM radio here?	I did not know that. I wonder if they can pick up Jupiter's storms on AM radio?
DSTC10TOPICAL-001274	That's a ton of animals! There is a lawyer in Switzerland who represents animals in court.	Power to the animals! Germany also protects them as they were the first country to universally give animals constitutional rights!	That's hilarious! There's a jellyfish that can live forever.	I think that is a holdover from evolution when animals had gills and lungs.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001275	Wow he must have really liked comedy then and I guess he did pretty well so no regrets there	Exactly. Have you heard of bromantic comedies?	Hmm I am not sure what those are, are they a special kind of comedy?	Yes they are supposed to be called bromantic comedies
DSTC10TOPICAL-001276	Wow that is amazing. Do you know who Brian May is?	Yes the lead guitarist of the Queen who is also a genius scientist	He sure is, with a degree in astrophysics and a PhD at that, that is impressive	Yeah that is impressive. Do you know who Brian May is?
DSTC10TOPICAL-001277	Hello. Are you a fan of jazz?	I like to listen to it live	Neat! Jazz originated in New Orleans.	Clint Eastwood is a lifelong jazz enthusiast, pianist, and scored several films, including Million Dollar Baby.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001278	Yeah seems like a really long time, 17 weeks, do you have a favorite team? mine is in the AFC division or American Football Conference	Nice I do not have a favorite team I just watch the games. DO you know who Benjarvus Green-Ellis is?	He used to play for the Patriots right? yeah I know who he is, why do you ask?	He is the rb who never fumbled the ball in his career
DSTC10TOPICAL-001279	I find it unlikely. What is his new book about?	its basically his strategy for how he became successful, I think its worth a read, can't believe hes 40 and is tied for the superbowl record	That is pretty amazing. Are you a fan of football?	I do like football, I like the Patriots and the Patriots
DSTC10TOPICAL-001280	Im not sure, but in 2005 they could have bought Facebook. I think they would be more relevant if they had taken them up on the offer.	Oh, for sure.	Now almost everyone I know who is 13 years older (and a few who lie about it) are on Facebook.	I think it is a good thing to do.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001281	I am, I like college and NFL. What about you?	I am. Did you know the highest score was 222-0?	Yeah, didn't Georgia Tech beat Cumberland that bad?	I think Cumberland was the highest score ever in a football game
DSTC10TOPICAL-001282	Cheerleaders seem to distract players. It's best to avoid it	Don't you see this as a little sexist a rule that only the cheerleaders have to abide for ?	I think it's best not to have players distracted.	I think they are the only one to have a female player in the NFL
DSTC10TOPICAL-001283	Well, I think it is radio storms that are so strong that they can be picked up and heard on the AM radio.	Interesting, have you heard them?	No, I've never heard anything like that. I did hear, though, that there's a website where you can listen to thousands of episodes of classic radio dramas for free although I never had the pleasure of doing so.	Interesting, I wonder if they have a website where you can listen to thousands of episodes of classic radio dramas for free.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001284	I don't know, I probably would check it out, for the sake of the game. Not sure I would enjoy as much. I think its too rough for women. But should be allowed to play.	Yeah I don't know how that would go, but they should be allowed if they are good enough, I'm an engineer and I guess I make more in my lifetime than an average NFL player makes, cool!	lol, really. Oh yeah, the average lifetime earning is higher than the average NFL player!	Yeah I think that is a lot of money, I think they are a lot of money and they are so much money and they are so much money in the game.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001285	Yeah he was pretty amazing. Apparently bowlers made more than football players back in the 60s	They did? well football want a popular sport back then, at least not as popular as it is now so it does make sense, I dont see a bowler making more money than a pro football player now	Yeah things have really changed now. On another topic, do you know much about the Bible?	I do know the Bible is the richest in the history of the century, I think that is a lot of money
DSTC10TOPICAL-001286	I love watching football too. Did you know the NFL has no written rule against females playing?	I always wondered that! why arent there any players you think?	I'm not too sure on that one. The average NFL game only has 11 minutes of live gameplay.	I think that is a lot of money, I think they are a lot of money and then they are so much money
DSTC10TOPICAL-001287	Oh I definitely didn't watch that! Everyone knows Babe Ruth though and he was once America's most popular golfer!	Wow. Didn't know that. Antarctica has a disc golf course	Oh that would be a cold course! A golf course in Dubai requires 4 million gallons of water!	That is a lot of water for a golf course in Dubai that requires 4,000,000 gallons of water a day.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001288	I listen to FM usually and yes, mystery can do some amazing things	I know. IN the AM radio you can get Jupiter's storms	WOw nice. The most popular act on the radio in the 30s was the ventriloquist	Wow cool. Do you know how soldiers made foxhole radios during WWII?
DSTC10TOPICAL-001289	He has a nobel prize in literature.	Oh that is interesting since those are usually considered to be associated with peace.	yeah. I hear if you publish a book in Norway the government buys 1000 to donate to libraries.	That is a good idea. I wonder if they have a library of <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-001290	Yeah for the superimposed yellow line, pretty cool	It is for sure. Do you know much about the Bible?	Not a ton but I know that it has sold over 5 billion copies Wow	Yeah that is a lot of money. Do you know who the wealthiest presidents in the history are?
DSTC10TOPICAL-001291	Do you like watching football?	I love watching it! How about you?	I love it also! Do you have a favorite college and NFL team?	I like the Patriots and the Patriots and the Patriots are the best team in the world
DSTC10TOPICAL-001292	I am sure it would be, would likely throw everyone off. I wonder how many there have been in history.	I am not sure. I know there was one famous deaf quarterback - the huddle was invented for him so the other teams could not read his signs	It is truly amazing what people come up with that they intend to just help them that turn out to be iconic.	I agree. I think that is a good way to get a degree in the NFL.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001293	I do. I am getting ready to watch the playoff games	for sure, who you rooting for? Saints?	Absolutely and the Patriots.	I am a fan of the Patriots and the Patriots are the best team in the history of the NFL
DSTC10TOPICAL-001294	Yes! Why on earth would that be a rule? Do you think its a superstition thing? Makes no sense.	It certainly does not. The worst part about it is that they have to leave mid meal if a player walks in. Weird	Yeah, that is odd to say the least. So, the NFL uses tracking chips on the players during the game?	I think they are the only one to have a <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-001295	Him among some others like green ellis	Benjarvus is a legend, the guy never fumbled the ball in his career	Indeed	He was a great player and he was a backup QB in high school
DSTC10TOPICAL-001296	I wonder if he likes jazz?	He might, jazz is a genre that has influence a lot of people so who knows, theres even a programming language that is influenced by jazz	It is seen as america's classical music. I love jazz.	I like jazz, I like the instrument that has a unique instrument
DSTC10TOPICAL-001297	I do not know about the rules but it would be fair that they play too I guess. Did you hear about tracking chips on the players now?	I have heard. They are made probably by engineers that will make more money than the players who wear them will	Yeah, I would not be surprised. They track everything though from velocity to location and everything in between	I agree. Did you know that the average lifetime earnings of an engineer is higher than the average lifetime earnings of an NFL player?
DSTC10TOPICAL-001298	He was in the league a long time. At least he gave the game everything he had	I didnt' think he was all that of a QB but his teammates really took to him right away	He was a true professional.	He was a great player and he was a great player and he was a great player
DSTC10TOPICAL-001299	I'm not surprised. A lot of commercial. Just a lot. It's really annoying.	You are right about that. But I suppose women would be better off financially by entering the engineering field since engineers make more than the average lifetime earnings of both MLB and NFL players. Which is surprising to me!	I'm sure a lot of money go to TV, owners of teams, etc. Just not fair for players! Did you know that the highest score in a football game was 222-0. Can you believe?	I think that was a humiliating defeat, I would have thought that would be a <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-001300	Nice. The guy who played Jarvis in Iron Man has never seen the films	Cool. DO you know who is the waitress that Captain America saves in the Avengers movie?	I have no idea, is it someone we have seen elsewhere too?	It is the character that appeared in the avengers movie
DSTC10TOPICAL-001301	So Thomas jefferson did not believe in miracles and the resurrection.	A lot of people don't. Maybe Brady should be given a copy of his bible.	Yes because the bible is the best selling book ever.	I wonder if he was a <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-001302	Well in 1972 Deep Purple broke the world record for loudest concert ever. Apparently some of the audience was rendered unconscious.	I can't even imagine how scary that must have been!	I wonder if it is due to the fact that they blew their ears out?	I don't know. I wonder if they were the same band that they recorded in the ancient roman amphitheater in Pompeii with no audience.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001303	I'm doing well! Are you a fan of football?	Yes I love football. Do you have sirius radio?	I did for a little bit but not anymore? Do you?	I do not but I am a fan of the <unk> I am not a fan of the <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-001304	I love it. DO you know what color is the U of Iowa visitor locker room?	Yes it is pink but I wonder why that is	Me too. Bowlers made more than football players in the 60s	Yes and it is a lot of money now
DSTC10TOPICAL-001305	Cool. They definitely have done so many things that I hadn't realized either. I didn't realize they had tried several small niche businesses as well.	It is only the third most profitable company in Japan too. I wonder what the first two are.	Wow! I'd like to know as well considering Nintendo has such a large cash reserve that it could lose so much money and not bankrupt for a long while.	I think they are a lot of money and they are still selling them.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001306	The guy is the man. Can you guess his favorite ice cream kind?	I think it is avocado is it not? I mean it makes sense	It sure does , the guy is very health conscious and watches what he eats	Yeah I guess he is a good player and he is a good player
DSTC10TOPICAL-001307	that is a good point, lol. Did you hear about the tracking chips they use in shoulder pads?	Something along those lines, it tracks there speed or something?	Yea it tracks all their movement and other data. pretty interesting! They must have been created by engineers making the big bucks	I wonder how they track track of the data and data data data data data data data data across the world.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001308	Do you like football?	I like the NFL, but I think 16 games is not enough to build rivalries.	Yes, i completely agree! What do you think would be a good number of games for an NFL team to play in a season?	I think they are a good team and they are a good team and they are a good team and they are a good team
DSTC10TOPICAL-001309	I see, well I don't know much about soccer but I am interested in odd facts about sports. Did you know there is a college football team that has painted their visiting teams locker pink?	I would guess that has something to do with breast cancer awareness. I know that many football players suffer from breast cancer in the later years.	I never thought of it that way, that's an interesting perspective. Tell me why you like soccer.	I think it is a sport that is a sport in the world. I think it is a sport that is a sport in the world.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001310	I mean a man used the library to prove his innocence and become a lawyer while falsely imprisoned	How great is that! So important. The library of Alexandria had a unique way of gathering books by making all ships visiting surrender their books for copy .	They must have had a impressive collection	I think that is a great idea. I wonder if the library of Alexandria has a copy of the internet in case the internet burns down.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001311	I know that the russians built a computer powered by water back in 1930s.	I wonder how that worked? They must have used the water to generate a power source. I didn't even know they had computers back then. lol	There were mechanical computers before that. computers are an old idea. someone built one in minecraft even!	I didn't know that. I wonder if they have a computer that runs on water for the <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-001312	Hello! Did you know professional ballet dancers can go through 4 pairs of shoes in a week?	That is a lot of shoes and money too. There are 17 ways to tie your shoes too	And I only know one way! 5000 year old shoes perform better than modern shoes. Go figure.	I wonder how they do that. 5000 year old shoes perform better than modern shoes.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001313	I love superhero movies. I loved the batman trilogy. How about you?	I do! I watch them with my kids, they are in love with Batman haha	That is great! I like superman too, especially in films, did you like the new justice league movie?	I did not know that, I think it was a great movie. I think it was a great superhero and I think it was a great movie.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001314	I know that it has sold over 5 billion copies. Amazing record there	Yes and that is exactly why it is known as one of the most influential books in the world	Yup. Did you know Jefferson created his own version of the Bible?	Yes he was the etemenanki in Iraq
DSTC10TOPICAL-001315	I agree. Bowlers probably don't make a whole lot these days.	No not these days, but I still think it would be pretty sweet to make a living throwing those balls around, lots of women too lol.	That would be pretty awesome. Gotta love the attention too. lol	Yeah I think it is a great sport to be honest.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001316	Yeah exactly. Have you ever been to that football stadium in Texas that can seat 18 000 people?	No I never been to Texas yet but that's pretty crazy	Yeah it is right? And it cost $60 million and on top of all , it is just a high school stadium	Wow that is a lot of money. Do you know who the highest paid state employee is
DSTC10TOPICAL-001317	I read an article about it. I cannot imagine a football game without the yellow line.	yeah that definitely helps. I saw that former patriots RB Benjarvus Green-Ellis has never fumbled the football in his nfl career	Yes, isn't that amazing? I do not know any other football players who have never fumbled the football.	I think it was a football game and it was a great invention. I wonder how much football players have to play
DSTC10TOPICAL-001318	Wow that's impressive! Also impressive is the one Patriots player who has never dropped the ball, I think his name is BenJarvus Green-Ellis	That's amazing. Also amazing is QB Brad Johnson who threw a TD to himself in a Superbowl.	Yes I want to watch that score! It sounds incredible what do you think about a deaf quarterback creating the circular huddle?	I think it was Paul Hubbard who was deaf and didn't want to be a deaf quarterback.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001319	Not everyone does though. Burger King had a promotions that you got a free whopper if you unfriend 10 people. I wonder what inspired that.	I think that Burger King was just looking for media attention which they got.	I imagine that Myspace regrets turning down and offer to buy Facebook for $75 million.	I bet they were regretting that decision to make it a <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-001320	Yes I do. I watched college and NFL football games.	Who is your favorite NFL team?	49ers since I used to live in the Bay area. I lived there for 30 years.	I have been to the Eagles and the Eagles and the Eagles and the Eagles and the Eagles had a temporary court in their stadium when they were in the stadium.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001321	I guess not everyone makes it big. I hope a lady makes it big someday. It can be difficult with gender roles especially when on the NFL Saints team cheerleaders must leave a restaurant if another NFL player walks into	That's ridiculous! I see a lot of sports posts on facebook. I can't believe the site is 15 years old already!	If Myspace had been smart they would have bought facebook for $75 million that they were offered in 2005!	I bet they regret that decision! I wonder if they had a chance to buy Facebook for $75 million in 2005?
DSTC10TOPICAL-001322	Did you know that Disney owns ABC as well as ESPN?	I did. Do you watch football?	Yes I do, I am a contributor to the number one ranking for viewership of Sunday Night Football. Do you?	I do watch the NFL but I do not watch the NFL though.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001323	17 weeks if im not mistaken. then the playoffs	Yes you are right. Do you know the highest score ever in a football game?	Wow not sure i would imagine it's pretty high. Was it a college or professional game?	It was Georgia Tech beat Cumberland 222-0
DSTC10TOPICAL-001324	Hello, do you watch the NFL?	Hi! I do! I'm shocked that out of the whole 3 hours of game on tv only 11 minutes is actually live gameplay!	Yeah that is pretty crazy. DO you have a favorite player or team?	I like the NFL but I don't really follow the NFL but I do like the NFL though.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001325	I guess not. I do find it interesting that malus in latin means both apple and evil. That would makes things a little confusing in the bible.	Yeah I think so too. Did you know that people think that the Tower of Babel might actually still exist?	Yea, I guess it is the etemenanki in modern day Iraq.	Yeah I wonder if it is a religious version of the bible
DSTC10TOPICAL-001326	My son is not into sport, were he I'd have serious reservations about him playing football for that reason. I know there the fame that can go with it but an engineer is going to make more money than most	Yeah, and they have better working conditions, less injuries, it is a quite violent sport.	I understand that there are no rules against women playing in the NFL, difficult to see it happening.	I think that is a good idea, I think they should be able to play the game if they are playing.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001327	Yeah that is pretty short, crazy. Do you know what the highest score in a game was?	no I am not sure. I read that the average lifetime earnings of an engineer is more than nfl player	Yeah I guess that makes sense since engineers work longer. The game score was 222-0	Yeah that is a lot of money. Did you know engineers make more than football players?
DSTC10TOPICAL-001328	Hi. Do you like sports?	Hi, I do like football as in NFL football, although I am a fan of association football as well.	Me too. I like the NFL but I do also watch other leagues of football as well on occasion. Did you hear that Winston Churchill High is doing very well?	I did not know that. I wonder how he won the Nobel prize?
DSTC10TOPICAL-001329	Hi, do you like literature?	Somewhat. I know that the FDA burned 6 tons of it in an act of censorship.	That's pretty crazy. I saw there is an annual literature contest that challenges writers to come up with the worst possible opening sentence to a novel.	That is pretty cool. Romantic kissing is a fairly recent development.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001330	I have read parts of it. I dont read it very often and I have never read it word for word.	I think that it is a very popular book. Many people have read it and tried to understand its secrets.	I dont know. I dont always take it really literally. I mainly use it as a good set of rules to live by to be a good person.	I agree. I think it is a good way to read the Bible and read the Bible and not the <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-001331	Marcia Lucas did a great job making changes to George's original scripts and made the movies better	Yes you are right, I wasn't familiar with Marcia Lucas as I was with George Lucas.	I wonder how much money she made since George got to keep the licensing and merchandising rights of Star Wars	I think it was a good idea to be dubbed into Navajo and then it was a major flop.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001332	it doesn't list his average, it just says he hasn't been in a single movie with a fresh rating	oh man, thats sad for him. I like his movies usually	i don't recall too many of his movies, i've seen a couple and they are alright. i did like him in that 70s show!	I have seen it but I dont think it was good but I guess it was a good show
DSTC10TOPICAL-001333	He's the guy that fumbled every ball he ever touched.	Yeah what a career for him. Did you know NFL is sing tracking chips on the players now?	The NFL is singing tracking chips? I did not know that.	Yeah they are also the only one to have a team in the NFL
DSTC10TOPICAL-001334	Yeah the really sexist rule? it sounds really unfair, that rule should be banned and the cheerleaders should sue the team for that	I think so too. The worst part in my opinion is the fact that they have to leave mid meal if players walk in	Thats a terrible rule, I hope they change it in the near future, its humiliating actually,	Yeah it is true. Do you know what the hamburger button is?
DSTC10TOPICAL-001335	Yeah, same here. Roosevelt and Quincy did not believe in it much either so they did not use it when they swore in	I don't think it should ever be used. How about you?	Yeah I agree, religion is a preference. Going back to football, did you know there are only 1 minutes of active game play in it?	I did not know that. I wonder how much it is worth in the <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-001336	No but I did see a video of Kayne giving his mic to a fan in a wheel chair before	That was pretty cool of him to do that. Sometimes he has some different views on things. Like for example he believes that aids is a man-made disease.	Maybe Big Sean can explain that to him since he had a 3.7 gpa before signing with Kayne	I didn't know that. I wonder if he was a <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-001337	Yes, I do. And, I believe that the Bible is an intricate inspiration from God to us humans here on earth. How about you, do you believe it's really from God?	I do not know. I have not read the Bible. I know that the person that wrote it probably made money on it.	I'm not sure about that but everyone has the choice to believe whatever they want to believe. All I know is that it's estimated that it has sold over 5 billion copies and is the best-selling book every written.	I wonder how much it is worth it. I wonder if it is a <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-001338	I would love to hear that and the style they use! Do you think Abe Lincoln liked jazz?	I don't know, he did have a high pitch voice	So he would have liked other music, I never knew that. I know he was in the wrestling hall of fame, that is a good honor	I wonder if he was a famous musician who was a famous philosopher
DSTC10TOPICAL-001339	Actually if you turn it to am you can catch Jupiter's storms	Those are some strong storms! Considering how many artists are from Canada, I wouldn't mind tuning into stations that have to play at least 40% Canadian music by law	Yes very true. do you know how soldiers used to make radios during WWII?	I think they used to make a foxhole radio using razorblades and pencils
DSTC10TOPICAL-001340	Do you like football?	I do. I played in HS and I'm a Chiefs fan... I actually like college better than the NFL.	Nice. I'm not too into football, I guess because each game has only on average 11 minutes of live gameplay.	I think it's a lot of commercials and commercials. I think it's a good thing to watch the game and watch the game and watch the game.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001341	I know that has certainly changed. And even now though engineers make more money over their lifetime.	Georgia tech beat Cumberland 222-0 back in 1916. What color do you think their visiting locker was?	Well, maybe it was something worse than pink. That is a huge defeat, wow. Did you hear about that strange rule for the New Orleans cheerleaders?	I think they have to leave if they are eating in the same restaurant as the players.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001342	Yeah and they have to leave mid meal. That rule is sexist and has to go	Agreed on that. Do you know much about the Bible?	I know that is it one of the most influential books and has sold over 5 billion copies	Yeah that is a lot of money. Jefferson made the Bible in the Bible
DSTC10TOPICAL-001343	Hi, how are you?	Good, and you? I haven't seen any superhero movies in a long time, but I think I saw a brief portion of Iron Man once on a TV that was going at my job.	Really! I feel like all the movies coming out now, like 25% are super hero movies. Do you not enjoy them?	I am a big fan of Marvel movies. I think I have seen the original series of the original series and I haven't seen it yet.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001344	If you want a job that makes more in a lifetime than an average nfl player or mlb player you can become an engineer	I saw that, it is probably because there a bunch of players that last only a year or so. I'm not surprised, engineers make a lot of money.	If you were a bowler in the 1960's you could have made twice as much as top football stars too.	I think that is a good thing to do. I think it is a good thing to do with the <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-001345	That is pretty neat. I bet it is pretty diverse.	Yeah. They must have comics from all over the world	Probably a lot of older comics too. That would be neat to see the development of comics.	I agree. I think comics is a great comic book and the origins of the comics.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001346	Yes I agree. I would like to know more about that. Up until 1805 the runner up automatically became the vice president. Kind of makes sense but it would never work now!	NO it would not. The parties hate each other too much for that to ever work	I wish they didn't. Just so much more productive to work together. I wonder who has stayed in the presidents guest house? It is actually bigger than the White House.	I wonder if they have a guest house or maybe they have twin buildings in Ireland and France
DSTC10TOPICAL-001347	He could have had some unusual moves. LOL	The ability to moon walk!	Or to lean way back or forward. LOL	I think it would be a <unk> <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-001348	Oh that is interesting since those are usually considered to be associated with peace.	yeah. I hear if you publish a book in Norway the government buys 1000 to donate to libraries.	That sounds pretty generous!	I think it is a great idea.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001349	If you fly to mars under constant 1g acceleration it will only take 2 or 3 days. I thought it took a lot longer.	Me too! Movies make them seem longer, but they might be going much much slower for airtime lol.	That is true. Have you heard about the lost satellite on mars?	I think it was the imperial system that was used to be a satellite system
DSTC10TOPICAL-001350	Bye!	The president is the title given to the head of the government.	That's true I think it's called different things in different places though right?	I think it is the most important part of the world.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001351	I'm doing good too. Glad it's Friday. I watch both baseball and football. What about you?	Me too, but I guess in my childhood and college years I was watching much often. I didn't know that 14 of the world's 25 largest stadiums belong to American college football teams. Did you know that?	I did not know that. The University of Iowa's lock room for visiting teams is painted in all pink.	That's pretty cool. I wonder if they have a pink locker room pink for the visiting team?
DSTC10TOPICAL-001352	Yes as long as they meet the league's eligibility requirements they can play! I would like to see a girl play.	They cannot eat in the same place as the players, at least the Saints cheerleaders.	That is a weird rule. How did they enforce the rules of the cheerleaders being required to leave?	I think they are sexist and sexist to be honest.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001353	Who isn't?	I think some of the newer movies are redundant to be honest.	Really? Like which ones?	I think it is a <unk> <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-001354	Yeah and they have cancelled 100 shows since they came to be in 1989	I guess that is not a lot considering how long they have been around	That is true actually. Do you know the programming language Python?	Yes it was Python programming language and it was named after monty python
DSTC10TOPICAL-001355	I mean I don't think kids should play past midnight but to make it a law is ridiculous	Yeah, that is pretty absurd. Did you know nintendo produced a lego knock off?	No, I did know they made playing cards though	I think it was a good game but I guess it was a good game
DSTC10TOPICAL-001356	Nice, that's what I do. Did you know there is only 11 minutes of gameplay per game?	Wow, it seems like a lot more but it is a pretty slow game. That sounds like an awfully small amount of time. Kinda like it's hard to believe that an engineer makes more money in their lifetime than an	Yeah, for sure, they stand around a real lot.	I think it's a good thing to make a lot of money and engineers make more money than football players
DSTC10TOPICAL-001357	Fans also felt though that in previous movies Hawkeye has not been given justice.	True, I heard that too. I can't say because I havent seen the movie. But I do enjoy the Marvel Comic films.	Yeah, I like the Marvel Comics series that they have on Netflix.	I think I have seen the movie series but I haven't seen it yet. I think it is a great superhero and I think it is a great movie.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001358	Hi. How are you?	I'm doing well how are you! ?	I am good too.	I am a fan of the <unk> I am not a fan of the <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-001359	What? That is a strange fact. I guess she had a chance to do the voice work. She is a celebrity, after all.	Did you ever play tennis? serena has been playing since she was 13, which is about when I started playing, but she's obviously way better LOL	I assumed that she started sooner. She must have picked it up quick. I didn't real play. Anyway, great chat! Thanks!	Yes I think she was a good player, she was a tennis player and she was ranked 95th in the world
DSTC10TOPICAL-001360	I have a passing knowledge of football and watch it occasionally as well	What teams do you like	I like the new England patriots. They are like the Lannisters of football	I think they are a great team and they are really good and they are really good at the team.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001361	Hi! Yes, I really enjoy watching football, both collegiate and professional. Do you?	Yes, me too. I didn't know that the highest score in a football was 222-0 and it happened in 1916. Did you know that?	That's insane! Either the team was really good or the other team was really good. Or maybe they were on strike about their pay since it seems like they don't make a lot.	I agree. I think it was a good thing to do with the superimposed yellow line that makes you a football player and the first down marker.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001362	If I were on the losing side I think I would have given up playing. Maybe they could have turned to the bible.	Maybe. At least Cumberland probably didn't have a pink locker room like that of U. of Iowa. In 1916, they probably didn't have a locker room at all.	I don't think they went in for those silly games back then, probably more respectful to the other team.	I agree. I wonder if the locker room is painted pink. I wonder if they have a pink locker room pink for the visiting team?
DSTC10TOPICAL-001363	Hi there, do you watch the NFL?	Hi! Yes I do sometimes. What's your favorite team?	I think the Patriots, I like them best. One of their former QB never fumbled a ball in his career. How about you?	I think he was a great coach and he was a great coach and the coach of the Patriots and the Patriots are the best QB in the NFL.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001364	Hello, are you by any chance a fan of the New England Patriots football team?	I know some about them. Mostly stuff about Tom Brady	Great. What do you think of his record as a QB?	I think he is a good quarterback. He is a great QB and has a lot of talent
DSTC10TOPICAL-001365	That's interesting, and kind of interesting thing NOT to do regularly.	I don't know how many Navajo fans there are. George never won an Oscar though.	that's sad considering how amazing his movies were	I think he was a good actor but I think he was a good actor.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001366	Yes, she is a talented actress. I bet she did a great job. Anyway, thanks for the chat.	It has a solid cast overall. Hope you get to catch it some time.	Have a good day! Talk to you soon, Im sure.	You too!
DSTC10TOPICAL-001367	I'm sure if they do they will have tracking chips on their shoulder pads like they do now so they can record every move on the field.	That seems bit invasive but I guess all kinds of stats are taken out of those chips	Yes. They even have chips in the footballs to track velocity, etc. Getting a little too technical I think for a sport.	I think that is a great idea, I think they are really good at the game
DSTC10TOPICAL-001368	Hello, do you like Disney?	Yes, I do like Disney. They have done many great films and have some great theme parks.	Do you know the original Disney is in California and not Florida?	I did not know that. I know Minnie Mouse is a <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-001369	Hi. Do you watch football?	yes well I did watch the superbowl but I don't watch it regularly no, what about you	Sometimes, but not every week. I would get bored watching for 17 weeks straight during the regular season and then the playoffs and Super Bowl.	ya I agree, I think the superbowl is a great game though, I like the Patriots and the Patriots are the best player in the Superbowl
DSTC10TOPICAL-001370	Right. Did you know the guest house is larger than the white house	Yeah that is pretty cool, they must get a lot of people there so maybe that is why	Yeah. Have you heard the president of Indonesia is a pop star?	Yes he has already released 3 albums already
DSTC10TOPICAL-001371	That was the culture then. People loved bowling. Oh, I was born at the wrong time.	Yeah it seems it was the case back then. DO you know what the highest score in college football is?	The highest score means little to me unless I could win money. What was it though?	It was 222-0 Georgia Tech beat Cumberland 222-0
DSTC10TOPICAL-001372	I'm not sure. Who was it?	It was Georgia tech who scored 222 against Cumberland 0	Holy smokes! I bet that was a long game for Cumberland. In the 1960's bowlers made twice as much as the top football stars.	Wow that is a lot of money. Did you know espn won an emmy for the superimposed yellow line representing the first down line for football football?
DSTC10TOPICAL-001373	hi there, do you watch the NFL?	I sure do. Do you have a favorite team or player?	I sure do. I love the Patriot and Tom is amazing. Do you have one?	I have not but I have heard of them but I do not know the name of the <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-001374	Yeah I think the highest paid people in most states are college coaches.	Not sure how I feel about that. I have to send two kids through college one day, with the high cost of college I'm not sure I want a portion going to the football coach.	Yeah its pretty crazy to me just how much it costs to attend college these days.	I think college football is a good way to get the money and the players are so important.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001375	Absolutely. It's the next on my list.	Have you watched any of the other Marvel movies?	I'm not normally much of a comics or superhero person. Have you?	I have seen the Marvel series and I have seen the movie and I have seen the movie
DSTC10TOPICAL-001376	Interesting, have you ever seen house?	I have seen it, great drama tv series	Apparently Hugh Laurie was making $700k an episode! !	That is a lot of money! I wonder if he ever made a show with Hugh Laurie
DSTC10TOPICAL-001377	I bet you they do it for both. They need to track lots of stats like velocity and rotation and such and they will likely need the averages of those	We live in amazing times. I can see where that would be useful. If a running back is getting tire during the game they know right away	Yeah we sure do. Did you know women can play too in the NFL?	I did not know that, I wonder if they are able to play in the field
DSTC10TOPICAL-001378	There are a lot who play on high school teams, so if they meet the requirements, why not?	Yeah, but the average earning potential salary of an engineer is higher	lol Bowlers in the 60's made more than football players. THAT is hilarious.	I wonder if they have a football team in the NFL
DSTC10TOPICAL-001379	True, I guess we'll never know. It was great talking with you though, have a good one!	It was nice chatting with you too.	You as well, I hope you have a good rest of the evening, I'll try not to think about the depths of space that much !	I hope you have a good day.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001380	I watched the series, but didn't play the game. Do you know Nintendo is over 100 years old?	I didnt know its over 100 years old, I wonder how the games from that time look like.	Well, they started out as a playing card company.	I see, I guess they were a great game then, did you know that the NES was only 54 colors?
DSTC10TOPICAL-001381	You would think! I heard even 1960's top bowlers made twice as much as football stars!	I believe that. Bowling was a big sport back in the day. Football players didnt have the players union back then so they didnt make nearly what they deserved. I would say now it is a little over the top	I agree. Especially if you are like the patriots benjarvus green-ellis who never even fumbled one game in his nfl career.	I think he was a great player and he was a great player and he was a great player and he was a great player and he was a great player
DSTC10TOPICAL-001382	That would be Jupiter's moon? I wonder if Jupiter is one of the five planets visible to the naked eye.	I would guess from it size it is	The planet Venus is the only planet that rotates clockwise and has no seasons. That seems boring.	I think it is a planet that orbits four planets in the planet
DSTC10TOPICAL-001383	I've been a bigger fan in the past. I was a Caps fan growing up.	I am a Caps fan too! Do you know how much a player loses weight per game?	Like 8 pounds. I assume that's mostly sweat.	I think it is a good exercise for a <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-001384	Yes it is, so that much mean that he was thinking about this movie for 11 years?	That is impressive. That makes a great actor.	Yes it does, are you a fan of comic books, if you are, how many books do you have?	I am a big comic book fan. I like the Marvel comics and the Marvel comics and the Marvel Comics
DSTC10TOPICAL-001385	No I don't but curious	I never have either, do you / did you play any of the sports we talked about?	I have always been a soccer person	I have a fantasy football game and I have never played fantasy football. I do like fantasy football.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001386	300 of them? that sounds impressive and too bad, maybe his manuscript is really good, he could have been a rich man,	Oh for sure! Do you like science at all?	I do like science, I think that scientists make big contributions to society, they make human kind better and smarter.	I agree. Did you know that the emperor of Japan is a scientist who is still publishes papers and publishes the names of the subtribe Hominina.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001387	It amazes me that a hockey player was once traded for a dollar	He must have been worth less than that to the trading team. Maybe they were paying him too much already. Do you play hockey?	I do not, but many Canadians do, since both hockey and lacrosse are their national sport.	I think it's a good sport. I think hockey is a national sport.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001388	Wow. I never knew that.	Yah, did you know the other word for telephone is a phone?	Yes. I knew that one.	I think it was a pain to dial on a rotary phone.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001389	Yeah I know he has won a few games there. Did you know he was picked 19th back in the 2000 NFL draft?	I did not! He's been around for a while, I'm surprised he hasn't retired yet. His history as a football player is impressive. Been to the super bowl 8 times with the patriots.	Yeah he sure has, I don't think he will retire for at least two more seasons.	I think he is a good quarterback too. I think he is a good QB too.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001390	No I never been to Texas yet but that's pretty crazy	Yeah it is right? And it cost $60 million and on top of all , it is just a high school stadium	They do love football in Texas, too bad they don't care as much about education, an average engineer makes more in a lifetime than the average NFL player	Yeah that is a lot of money. Do you know who the highest paid in the NFL is?
DSTC10TOPICAL-001391	That is something. the lost 222-0. That is crazy !	What is wrong is how the cheerleaders cant eat with the players	Yeah the have to leave when they come in. I will research why	I wonder if they have tracking chips in the players
DSTC10TOPICAL-001392	Yeah I guess the career of a football player does not last that long so they do not have much time to make money	True, I did not think about that, do you know how we are able to learn about interesting statistics like ball speed. ball rotation and players performance?	Yeah that is actually pretty cool, they are using tracking chips on the shoulder pads of the players now.	I wonder how they track the speed, rotation, speed, rotation, rotation, ball speed, and location.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001393	Hello! Do you like Football?	I do. Do you?	Of course! What's your favorite team. Mine is the New England Patriots, the Lannisters of the NFL!	I like the Patriots and the Patriots are the Lannisters of the NFL!
DSTC10TOPICAL-001394	Maybe they can even see how long games are since they think only about 11 minutes are live gameplay!	No kidding, right? I mean, these engineers already make more than the average lifetime earnings of both MLB and NFL players, so they should step their game up... even though they are doing a phenomenal job now.	That stat actually surprises me with how much football players work! Did you know that in the 60s even top bowlers made more than football players? !	I didn't know that. I wonder if they have any other teams like the NFL or football or Gaelic football?
DSTC10TOPICAL-001395	Yes thats really something	Any other movies, books, or shows that you are into?	I liked the lost series on tv	I have seen the series of the series and I have seen the series of the series and I have seen it on Netflix.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001396	But even today, NFL players don't make as much on average as I would think. Engineers earn more over a lifetime.	Yes, and it's interesting to consider the lifetime career of a football player. Some use their background to transition to other fields such as coaching, or use the income to start a new career after they retire. Sadly, others suffer	It's amazing how much technology is used in the NFL these days	I think it's a good thing to have a lifetime contract with the NFL and the NFL has a lifetime contract with the NFL players that pays them a lot more than the average lifetime earnings of an engineer is
DSTC10TOPICAL-001397	That is impressive. That makes a great actor.	Yes it does, are you a fan of comic books, if you are, how many books do you have?	I am not. But appears that their is a lot of money in the industry.	Yeah I think it is a great book and I think it is a great book and I think it is a great book
DSTC10TOPICAL-001398	I know that it is the best selling book of all time with total sales of over 5 billion copies!	Yeah that seems a lot. Jefferson apparently made his own version of the Bible	I didn't know that. Teddy Roosevelt and John Quincy Adams were the only 2 U.S. presidents who didn't use the bible when they were sworn in.	Yeah that is pretty cool. Did you know the president of Indonesia is a pop star?
DSTC10TOPICAL-001399	Perhaps a combination of the winning team being just that good and the losing team being so bad	Ive seen some blow outs, but never by that much.	Did you every play fantasy football?	I have not, but I do know that there is a fantasy draft for the national spelling bee
DSTC10TOPICAL-001400	I noticed that. I've heard of some weird ideas for sports, but that's out there. On the subject of shoes, my old work boots have lasted me about 6 years but it's about time to get some new ones at	I think I have 2 pairs of shoes. It's crazy there is 5000 year old shoes that perform better than modern shoes	I'm not surprised, considering how much stuff today is deliberately designed to fall apart so you have to buy more. Sounds like you've got about as many shoes as I do.	I think I would have to look up a pair of shoes that retailed at $15.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001401	That's a good point that I never thought about. What is also interesting to me is that an NFL game only has about 10 or 11 minutes to it that seems super low.	Yeah, that makes sense, it is mostly standing around if you ask me. I still love the game, but the clock watching gets annoying.	Yep I agree with that. Do you watch any fantasy movies. Or do you do fantasy football at all	I do like fantasy football. I think that is a good thing to do. I think it is a good fantasy draft for the national spelling bee!
DSTC10TOPICAL-001402	Maybe so. I hope the data they are collecting in the field though can somehow be used to make the game a little bit safer	Amazing that a game which averages just over 10 minutes of actual gameplay can be so damaging to players.	Great point. Do you know what the highest score recorded in a game was?	I think it was 222-0 in 1916 Georgia Tech beat Cumberland 222-0!
DSTC10TOPICAL-001403	no way! I would love to learn that. Were you into the beatles much?	I loved them as a kid. I was not born when they formed in 1960	I wasn't either, they were amazing and still are. They couldn't even read music which is so interesting!	I wonder how they got the piano to the same piano
DSTC10TOPICAL-001404	I would guess that has something to do with breast cancer awareness. I know that many football players suffer from breast cancer in the later years.	I never thought of it that way, that's an interesting perspective. Tell me why you like soccer.	It is a good game for women. I think women fight harder on the pitch than men do.	I think it is a good sport for the sport. I think it is a sport that is a sport that is a sport in the world.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001405	Crazy. Take care.	Thank you. You too.	:)	Bye
DSTC10TOPICAL-001406	I'm fine. Thanks for asking and you?	I am fine too	Do you like watching movies?	I do. I love watching movies.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001407	Yeah so sad. In Texas on the other hand they are voting to rename the garbage dump	Hahha so funny. In the UK not all men could vote until 1918	I wonder what prevented them from doing, maybe class and ranking in society	I wonder too. IN Alabama there is a booth in Alabama that is not allowed to vote
DSTC10TOPICAL-001408	That's right. Did you know that presidents have different functions depending on the type of government?	Yes I remember learning that I think. Its been good talking to you.	It's been good talking to you as well.	You too!
DSTC10TOPICAL-001409	Yeah the same one, expensive but it must be alien proof	He must have the money despite the fact that Seinfeld has a higher net worth	He does? Well Tom Cruise will eventually come on top, he has a lot more movies planned in the future. I don't know about Seinfeld.	I think he is a great actor but he is a great actor
DSTC10TOPICAL-001410	Yeah I don't know how that would go, but they should be allowed if they are good enough, I'm an engineer and I guess I make more in my lifetime than an average NFL player makes, cool!	lol, really. Oh yeah, the average lifetime earning is higher than the average NFL player!	yup good to know haha, do you like the Saints? I don't like how they treat their cheer leaders	I think they are a good player and they are so good at it. I think they are the only one to have a female player in the NFL.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001411	Yeah I was wandering about that as well. How about radio dramas, do you like those?	I don't like dramas in general so probably not.	I see, because if you did there is a free radio to listen to them to	I wonder if they have any good <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-001412	The guy is a legend, he has ever fumbled the ball in his career	Exactly. Do you know what the highest score in college football is?	Yes I feel bad for Cumberland to lose 222-0 from Georgia Tech	Yeah that was a loss of 222-0. Do you know who Benjarvus Green-Ellis is?
DSTC10TOPICAL-001413	hope so too. now they are using tracking chips on the players	That's pretty cool, they can find out how hard a player hits and moves with those chips	yes, very handy. do you know what the highest score is in football history?	I think it was 222-0
DSTC10TOPICAL-001414	Oh, your explanation is making so much sense. Thank you.	There is a lot of technical data, like the area code 212 was chosen because it was easier to dial on a rotary phone.	That fact to me is reasonable because New York was one of the earliest established cities in the U.S history.	I agree. I think it is interesting that the cables carrying phone and internet data across oceans are only 2.7 inches in diameter and just lay on the ocean floor.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001415	Yes a lot. Do you know how much a single search takes in terms of power?	Yes more than in took to take Armstrong and 11 others to the moon	Yes. Do you know how they calculate traffic?	Yes they are using android devices and the traffic
DSTC10TOPICAL-001416	Maybe, Bill Nye had to add more effect with more science experiments to create flubber.	Freeman has served narrator, commentator for numerous programs and television shows.	Well, he was nominated and won a lot of rewards.	I think he is a great actor and he has a lot of <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-001417	I don't think they went in for those silly games back then, probably more respectful to the other team.	Probably... Did you know the NFL had no written rule that women can't play?	They probably think they don't need it. Some guys get worked up if they hear a woman is going to take part in something, but if they are good enough and want to do it let them.	I think that is a good idea. I wonder if they have a rule that women play in the NFL?
DSTC10TOPICAL-001418	Yeah exactly. Did you know ESPN won and Emmy once?	It was for the superimposed yellow line and I think they deserved it	Yup. DO you know much about the Bible?	Yes I do. DO you know who the wealthiest presidents in the history are?
DSTC10TOPICAL-001419	Yes they are collecting information such as velocity and rotation and a bunch others, Wonder what for though.	I hope they can somehow use them to make the game safer and decrease the number of concussions	That would be amazing. On another topic, do you know anything about the Bible?	I know some stuff. DO you know who the wealthiest presidents are?
DSTC10TOPICAL-001420	Are you a Star Wars fan?	Yes, star wars is great. i really like the original trilogy.	Me too, that was the best out of all the movies, and basically the only ones I watched. It made George Lucas a billionaire	I think he was a great actor. he was a great actor. he was a great actor.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001421	I sure do. Did you know Jon Hamm taught drama in a high school?	Cool. Did you ever watch the show House MD?	Yeah and he even taught Ellie Kemper, she is so funny. Yeah I watch House	Nice. Laurie made $700 000 per episode in that show
DSTC10TOPICAL-001422	Are you a Star Wars fan?	yes, i really like the original trilogy. You?	Me too, it was so good! George Lucas became a billionaire because of it	I guess he was a billionaire for the franchise. he was a billionaire billionaire billionaire
DSTC10TOPICAL-001423	Are you religious?	yes. fairly so	Did you know that Thomas Jefferson had created his own version of the bible so he could remove the supernatural parts. Thats wild.	I did not know that. I wonder if he was alive at the bible
DSTC10TOPICAL-001424	WOw that is interesting for a radio. Do you listen to radio dramas?	I do not really, are they good? Maybe I should check them out	Well there is a free website of them if you would like to check it out	Nice. Do you know how soldiers made foxhole radios during WWII?
DSTC10TOPICAL-001425	That is a lot of money! Did you know that 20th Century Fox agreed to forgo a $500k directing fee to let Lucas keep the licensing and merchandise rights?	I wonder how they feel about that now. Lucas pulled one over on them. The entire franchise is estimated to be $65 billion dollars!	I know! It has cost them billions and made Lucas himself a billionaire.	I agree. I think Star Wars was a flop for the first Disney film merchandising franchise!
DSTC10TOPICAL-001426	Really? Haha, not sure if that worked! Marvel comic toys are expensive.	Not sure but it just increases the profit margin for the company haha.	True! I am going to have to watch this Infinity War movie now lol, curious about this Hawkeye character. Although he has been in other Marvel films.	I think Marvel has a lot of movies too. Marvel published a "generic comic book" to trademark the names "super-hero" and "super-villain"
DSTC10TOPICAL-001427	Yes! I heard that many people were actually rooting against Brady's team, because they're kind of over them winning all the time. He sure works hard though, it seems.	I think so, too. But there are other good players as well. I guess RB Benjarvus Green-Ellis has never fumbled the football in his NFL career.	Pretty impressive. I know they get paid a lot for those skills, but did you realize that top bowlers in the 60's made twice as much as football stars then?	I didn't know that. I wonder if they were the highest paid football team in the world
DSTC10TOPICAL-001428	Oh that makes so much sense. Do you know why Caine became an actor?	Hmm I am not sure of that. He went to college for it?	Nope he just attended drama class in high school because that is where the pretty girls went	Wow that is a lot of money. Do you know who Jon Hamm is?
DSTC10TOPICAL-001429	I heard it was really good, hes not my favorite superhero, but Id definitely see it also.	Do you read any other comic books?	No, never have read many of them. I miss out on a lot of back story that way.	I think I read that the comic book series was a great comic book series
DSTC10TOPICAL-001430	I know! They sure do milk it for all its worth.	ESPN won an emmy for creating the superimposed yellow first down line on tv. That has been a good addition to watching games.	Yeah, that was a good addition. Can't believe that Benjarvus Green-Ellis never fumbled. Amazing!	I didn't know that. I wonder if he was a coach at the University of Iowa's locker room for visiting teams to play!
DSTC10TOPICAL-001431	Not really. I find they have too much CGI. What about you?	I like some of them like Spider-man. DO you know why there is a hyphen in the name?	I have no idea why. Why not just one word? Other superheroes have names like that.	Yeah I guess they have to do with the comic book and not sure what it is
DSTC10TOPICAL-001432	Hard to believe. I saw some pretty good jazz in New orleans once. Wasn't a huge fan but it is definitely popular. Apparently the trumpet players grow a goatee for comfort when playing.	Interesting. I also see that clint eastwood is an enthusiast.	I had no idea it was popular in Pakistan given that their jazz orchestra is topping the charts.	I wonder if they have a jazz orchestra that is topping the charts.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001433	Yes they did. All came down to a stupid kick ha ha. Anyway, did you know that in the 60's top bowlers made more than top football players?	No I didn't know that, I always hear that most sports make more than nfl, which I think it's unfair.	I'm positive it's not the case now. Do you know what the highest score in a football game ever was?	I think it was 222-0 and Georgia Tech beat Cumberland 222-0!
DSTC10TOPICAL-001434	I know right, only 11 minutes, last Superbowl was more than 3 hours long, maybe 4 all of that for only 11 minutes	All those advertisements make a lot of money for the NFL and the tickets are outrageous. I wonder if a woman will ever try to be eligible to play?	Theres no written rule against woman playing so yeah I think they could, its a physical sport though,	I wonder if they have tracking chips in the shoulder pads to track the players on the field.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001435	bye	Bye.	see you	Bye.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001436	Do you like concerts?	i do like concerts. I havent had much chance to do recently. You?	I like them, but only in outdoor arenas. Not so much the indoor stuff.	I would like to go to the venues. I would like to go to the venues.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001437	They are the second largest search engine on the internet. I myself usually just google what I want to find and then it takes me to YouTube. The whole channels thing on YouTube confuses me.	Yeah, it can get quite confusing, do you also use Pandora Radio? I like that it also streams comedy and I use it on my way to the office.	I do have an account. Mostly I listen to NPR radio.	I do like to listen to the radio, I listen to the radio on my commute, do you listen to the radio?
DSTC10TOPICAL-001438	wow, I didnt know an illness could cause that. Look how far he came in life! what is it due to?	Yes He did very well in his career. And they had the best selling album of the 2000's	WHAT? that is so awesome. I wonder when they released their last song, do you know?	I think it was a great album and it was a great album
DSTC10TOPICAL-001439	I guess that's the idea. I can't imagine it really working or everyone would do it.	Yeah I think it must be more of a tradition now, I doubt a color would really affect another team's performance.	The highest score ever in a football game occurred in 1916 when Georgia tech defeated Cumberland 222-0. Would pink locker rooms have helped Cumberland, do you think?	That is a crazy defeat, I would have thought that would be a lot of money.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001440	yeah, i bet the simpsons liked that. the simpsons has had trouble maintaining its quality over the last few years. i think that comedy is quite difficult.	Yea I stopped watching years ago. Apparently one episode in the whole series did not have bart in it or mention him. I want to watch that episode	i wonder what the episode was about. that is odd. the simpsons has great voice talent.	Yea I think it was the only one episode of the Simpsons where Bart neither appears nor is mentioned.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001441	Well perhaps you can find a short version that only shows the live gameplay. Each game is only a dozen or so minutes long of real gameplay	That's another reason why I don't watch football, three hours in front of the television for just 12 minutes of actual action. I could just grab my Bible instead.	Do you read from the bible often?	I don't know much about the bible. I do like to read the Bible and I don't know how to do it.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001442	That should be fun for real. Did you know women can play in the NFL?	Yes as long as they meet the requirements. I wonder if any of them have tried	Curious about that too. Maybe they are sticking to engineering careers	Yeah I guess they are not allowed to play in the game
DSTC10TOPICAL-001443	that's sad considering how amazing his movies were	The Academy has a lot of politics. He made the wrong kinds of films. His wife got an award.	What did she get an award for?	He was nominated for the Academy Award for best Oscars.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001444	Yeah for sure. and that weird rule about new orleans cheerleaders?	Yeah that seems like such a silly outdated rule. I think that will be gone in the next year or two.	I hope so. did you know U of Iowa's locker room for visitors is painted pink?	Yeah I think that is a good tactic to be honest.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001445	Yeah it was actually Stan Lee's wife, Joan B. Lee	I guess he chose her for the job. I never really watched the show.	I see. The Spider-man musical is the most expensive production on Broadway	I guess that is a lot of money. I wonder if he was a <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-001446	Yes that would be JFK, Washington and Jefferson	Right. Did you know the guest house is larger than the white house	Yeah that is pretty cool, they must get a lot of people there so maybe that is why	True. Do you know how the VP used to be elected?
DSTC10TOPICAL-001447	That is so cool. There is a piano that was found on the highest mountain in Britain	Wow wonder who put it up there. Do you like Michael Jackson?	I do actually he has some amazing music. He was once supposed to do a duet with Freddy Mercury but that did not go through	Yeah and he wanted to roam the desert sands of Las Vegas.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001448	Yeah , what a talent. Oscar were nominated for 9 Emmys. Wonder how that works	Yeah I am confused too about that. Do you know how many Oscars are given out?	Yes there are 24 awards given over a range of categories	Yeah that is a lot. Did you know Walt Disney has 22 Oscars
DSTC10TOPICAL-001449	Exactly. Did you know engineers make more than them over their lifetime?	I am not surprised as they have longer careers so more time to make money	Yeah true. Did you hear about that rule for New Orleans cheerleaders?	Yes they are not allowed to eat in the same place as the players
DSTC10TOPICAL-001450	Yes, I would like to know. I've been reading about observational versus theoretical astronomy, but I don't know what research methods would have been used to detect the building blocks of life so far away.	Can you imagine how complex the orbit would be for that planet that orbits four stars?	I haven't heard of that planet! What is it called?	It is the planet that orbits planets and <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-001451	18 holes a games. Seems like a long day.	Yeah it does. I like football a bit more. I love the NFL because they have 32 teams so people are bound to find one they like.	Yes football is way better. That is true but you usually only hear about a select few.	Yeah I agree. I think they are very good at the game.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001452	yep, and pokemon cards that are worth some money. How about that 70s show, ever seen that?	no, i didnt but i think it was a very popular show. probably a lot of actors launched big careers there.	You're right, mostly all of them became something big after that. I wish the same was for that 70s show uk remake, they only lasted 10 episodes.	i guess they had a lot of humor and the UK was not a good show. i guess it was a good remake of the UK
DSTC10TOPICAL-001453	Yes I did Snoop Dogg wrote a song for his son's football team once	Wow nice. Bowlers used to make more than football players in the 60s	I guess it was a more popular sport back in the day	Yeah. Do you know who Benjarvus Green-Ellis is?
DSTC10TOPICAL-001454	It's a shame what happened to Andy Dalton	Yes, his thumb injury put him out for the rest of the season.	He was having one of his best seasons so far	He was a great player and he was a great player and he was a great player and he was a great player
DSTC10TOPICAL-001455	Yeah I do. Do you know what the most disliked video in YouTube history is?	I want to say its the music video baby by Justin Bieber	That's Correct. Do you have any pets?	I have a dog. I have a dog. I have a dog. I have a dog.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001456	LOL! Did you know politicians in Kentucky must swear an oath that they've never participated in a duel before taking office?	No I didn't! Even in this day and age they still have to do that?	I guess so lol. Do you like Johnny Depp?	I love Johnny Depp and Johnny Depp and Johnny Depp in Edward Scissorhands.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001457	Hello, do you watch the NFL?	Yes I try to watch all the games I can, what about you?	Same here but cannot watch them all for 17 weeks	Yeah I think that is a good thing to watch, I think the average game is only 11 minutes of actual gameplay
DSTC10TOPICAL-001458	I'm an engineer and I ain't seeing it... I can't see how soldiers in WW I could make a radio out of razor blades and pencils? Wow.	lol, that takes pure science around that. I can't even get my already made radio to work!	Ha. I would just end up cutting myself. I guess they may have tuned into Jupiter, there probably weren't a lot of station then.	I would be so interested in the radio. I wonder if they have radio storms that can be picked up on AM radio.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001459	The times were different then. Many people bowled and I guess they watched it on TV.	NFL uses tracking chips embedded in players shoulder pads.	I believe it. Probably helps with strategy and maybe player safety. Anyway, I enjoyed chatting!	Same here. Have a good day!
DSTC10TOPICAL-001460	Oh wow that's cool. How was the concert?	Great! He is very talented! Better than Kanye in my opinion. Kanye once did a snl skit mocking himself for interrupting award shows!	I'm not a huge fan of Kanye music.	I think he is a good singer, but I don't think he has a lot of <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-001461	Oh that is so nice and convenient and free	Yeah it is. DO you know why Michael Caine became an actor?	I have no idea, how? DId tou know Patrick Stewart teaches masters classes in drama in the UK?	Yes and he was chasing the pretty girls in drama class
DSTC10TOPICAL-001462	yeah, but for engineering and science, it seems strange to me. Anyway, great chat!	Ditto. Nice chatting with you!	Have a great day!	You too!
DSTC10TOPICAL-001463	Have you seen Black Panther?	No I haven't yet. Is it any good?	I thought it was pretty good. The character is the richest superhero with an estimated 500 billion dollars.	I wonder if he is worth the money for the Marvel Panther.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001464	I live in North East Ohio, I think fans around here would gladly swap the Packers records for the Browns.	Yeah the Browns have had some tough times since I have been watching, much better season this one than last though.	I guess there is always someone worse than yourself, just heard about the team that lost 222-0. That must have hurt.	Yeah I think they were a good team and they were really good at the game.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001465	Yeah I think so too. Gal Gadot who is the new wonder woman, actually served two years as a soldier.	Yeah I think I have read that before, that is impressive. I heard she was really good in that movie as well.	It's funny that she did not know she was auditioning for wonder woman. She thought she was trying out for cat woman	Yeah I think she was a good actress. She was a great actress. She was a great actress.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001466	Yea there is no rule against that as long as they qualify	Yes. The game average is only 11 minutes of play anyways	Yeah. Engineers make more than football players over their lifetime	Yes they are so sexist and they are not allowed to play in the NFL
DSTC10TOPICAL-001467	That kind of sucks, tickets tend to be really expensive and the game lasts for 3 hours, you would expect more than just 11 minutes of gameplay, really unfair.	Yeah I know. Bowlers used to make more in the 60s than football players	They did? I wonder what changed, bowling used to be really popular back in the day, it doesnt seem like a really popular sport now	Yeah it is true. Do you know who Benjarvus Green-Ellis is?
DSTC10TOPICAL-001468	I know, honestly if it's a sport played with feet and a ball then i guess they have the right to call it that.	That is true. In Hungary "football" is soccer.	In parts of Africa too. in Australia Rugby is football.	I wonder if it is a sport in the US.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001469	Yup, that is why I do not go to these events.	Well, obviously everyone else at the concert seemed to enjoy it so not to bad of a deal	Are there any concerts coming up that sound fun?	I have been to concerts in a few years and I have been to concerts in a few years
DSTC10TOPICAL-001470	Yeah i'm sure your right. Can you believe top bowlers made more than top nfl players in the 60's?	Did they really? That's shocking, I wonder why, maybe people didn't care about football as much back then. Also I'm sure bowling games have more than 11 minutes of game play.	That's unbelievable. Almost as much as espn winning an Emmy. do you know what for?	I don't know much about football but I do know that the NFL has no written rule against female players.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001471	It was a nice way to spend an afternoon. i try to watch the playoffs and the superbowl. this year i didnt.	I watched the superbowl. I thought it was terrible, but that may just be me. So boring this year.	I think it was probably better the year before. there was a big comeback. this year it was a defensive battle. i wanted the underdog to win. too bad.	I think it was a good game. I think it was a good game though.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001472	Hi there, do you watch the NFL?	Yes I like to watch NFL games, I try to watch as many games as I can, what about you?	Nice, yes me too. Did you know women can play too?	No I didn't know that, I wonder if they will play the game if they qualify that they are playing, I guess they can play the game
DSTC10TOPICAL-001473	That is pretty impressive, that is probably part of why the Patriots have been one of the most dominant teams recently.	Yes - the Patriots at least made a better decision than his high school - since they let tom Brady play!	I bet they are really regretting that decision now.	I agree. Did you know that the NFL has no written rule against female players?
DSTC10TOPICAL-001474	And their feet look all weird for some reason	Well putting dry tea bags in smelly shoes will absorb the odor.	That is something I have to try tonight	I wonder if they have a shoe with a pair of shoes that are worn by the <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-001475	Hi, do you like football?	Soccer or American football, i like them both.	I like them both too, I did not realize that the season lasts 17 weeks	I think it is a great sport for the game and the game is a lot of money
DSTC10TOPICAL-001476	Yes that is true and I am glad they came up with that line because it makes watching the game much easier	Definitely. Can you believe the former Patriots running back never fumbled the football his entire career?	That is so amazing. Do you know what the highest score in college football is?	I think it was 222-0 and Georgia Tech beat Cumberland 222-0!
DSTC10TOPICAL-001477	Hello, Do you enjoy football?	I do love football! How about you?	Yes, I love to go to the games? What do you think of the Patriots?	I like the Patriots and the Patriots and the Patriots are the best player in the world
DSTC10TOPICAL-001478	I meant breast cancer, lol! Did you know woman could play in the NFL if they wanted to and could play.	They could possibly feel more comfortable in a pink locker room	I agree, lol! Did you know also the saints cheerleaders need to leave a restaurant if the players come in, kind of sexist!	I wonder if they would have to play if they are allowed to play
DSTC10TOPICAL-001479	Yes it was. Do you know anything about the FIFA World Cup?	I don't know much about it. When the US competed in the first FIFA world cup in 1930, they got 3rd place.	Yes they did. The city that is hosting the 2022 final does not exist yet.	I wonder how they got the city to host the 2022 World Cup in Qatar.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001480	Yes, although that duel thing seems like it should have been going on out in the cowboy west in the old days.	Right? They must have kept the laws from way back in time lol	Lots of curious things that are fun to learn about. It has been great chatting with you. Thanks!	You too!
DSTC10TOPICAL-001481	Yeah that's for sure. I really thought that players earned alot more money though.	Maybe the MVP but an engineer will earn more money than the NFL player, I think soccer players are paid better	Crazy to think that one team scored 222 points in a game once too.	I think that is a great game to be a team and the team is the best player in the world
DSTC10TOPICAL-001482	that is crazy, I bet NFL makes more money now by a long shot, it was nice chatting with you!	Yeah that is true, things have really changed. Same here.	Good bye!	You too
DSTC10TOPICAL-001483	Do you know if they have female players?	Well, not in the NFL they dont but i'm sure they might have a womans league	Did you know that the nfl has no rules against women? They could legally play if they met the requirements. What do you think?	I think that is a good idea, I think they should be a kicker player
DSTC10TOPICAL-001484	I would think so. Btw, nice chatting with you. Happy holiday	Merry Christmas to you, and I'll leave you with this fun fact: The university of Iowa's locker room provided for visiting football players is completely painted pink!	Thank you.	You too!
DSTC10TOPICAL-001485	Hi friend, do you watch the NFL?	Hey, I am a big fan of the NFL. How about you?	I love watching the NFL, it may be my new religion. Did you know that Tom Brady has a book called the athletes bible?	I did not know that. I wonder if he was a good player or a <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-001486	I'm originally from England so soccer is my thing, yes, a little rugby too. I've tried watching football on TV but it seems to go on forever, and is mostly replays of what has happened already.	Yeah the average NFL game has 11 minutes of live gameplay, what do you think they could do to improve it ?	Less commercials. I think it is mainly a cultural thing. If I grew up here my opinion might be different.	I think it is a good thing to watch the game and watch the game and watch the game and watch the game and watch the game and watch the game
DSTC10TOPICAL-001487	The third was JFK.	I see. I wonder how rich president banana of Zimbabwe is haha. He may be the most loaded of all of them haha	President Banana is an interesting name. Were you aware that the guest house is bigger than the white house?	I did not know that. I wonder if they have the guest house or the white house or maybe it is bigger?
DSTC10TOPICAL-001488	Then he got Randy Moss and blew that out of the water!	Yup real talk! Tom Brady's wife makes double her husbands salary!	I would be really happy if my wife made double what I make. That would be great!	I agree. I think it's funny that the NFL has no written rule against female players.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001489	yeah, I'm one and I have a bunch of friends that do it. On average we make more than a football player!	Oh that's awesome. And yep that is what I have heard did you know that the NFL has no rule against female players. Do you think we'll see one in our lifetime?	I've heard that before, but I don't know if Americans can stomach seeing a woman getting injured on the field.	Yeah I think that is a good point. I think that the NFL is tracking chips in the shoulder pads and the players are just to track the players to track the players
DSTC10TOPICAL-001490	Do you wear a costume for halloween ever?	my mom and dad used to dress me up in costumes for halloween sometimes. How about you?	lol me too, I remember seeing pictures of some ridiculous costumes. I want to be a panda researcher though	haha I would like to see that in my house and I have a pet doll costume haha
DSTC10TOPICAL-001491	That's true. Do watch NFL football games?	I sometimes watch. Usually about the Superbowl. What about you?	I usually watch some games because my son really likes to watch football games.	I like the NFL too. I think it's interesting that the NFL has no written rule against female players.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001492	I love Tom Hanks. I found it curious how the Lord of the Rings movies had huge losses despite being a success	Wow, that's pretty surprising. Never know what's going to bring in the money huh? You know you'd figure anything Disney would be a sure hit but heard that their animated "Treasure Planet" was one of the most expensive box office	Yes. And John Carter was a flop over here but broke box office records in Russia	I wonder if that was a good movie? I wonder if it was a box office failure or if it was a box office failure and it was a flop.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001493	Hey there my friend do you ever wear shoes.	Yes I do but not like ballet dancers. They can go through 4 pairs of pointe shoes in a week.	That is shocking. I used to date a ballet dancer actually. And I can confirm that they always have feet problems	I think they are a good dancer too. I wonder if they have a patent on shoes like Michael Jackson did.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001494	True, I did not think about that, do you know how we are able to learn about interesting statistics like ball speed. ball rotation and players performance?	Yeah that is actually pretty cool, they are using tracking chips on the shoulder pads of the players now.	I find that pretty interesting!! Did you know when was the highest score in a football match ever?	I did not know that, that is a humiliating defeat, how much do you know?
DSTC10TOPICAL-001495	Me too, I'm surprised that Jupiter has radio storms they can be heard on AM radio.	Yes. I wouldnt mind hearing those.	I wonder what they sound like? What if it is actually aliens trying to talk with us?	I think it would be interesting to see what they are saying.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001496	smart kid, took lots of ap tests in high school	wow amazing. Brad Johnson is the only QB that threw himself a touchdown pass	I did not even know such a thing is possible at all	Yeah true. Do you know who Alex Smith is?
DSTC10TOPICAL-001497	Me too. But I'm not sure what frequency it is. Kind of has me worried now!	well maybe we will find out at some point. did you know we can grow a rib in 2-3 months	No, that is shocking. How do they know that?	I am not sure, I wonder if we can regrow ribs in 2-3 months
DSTC10TOPICAL-001498	No but I bet it's wild to see. Ha! Wonder if players are allowed to touch the ball with their hands and arms while it's in play unlike regular soccer?	Yeah I don't know it sounds more interesting to me than regular soccer though LOL, have you heard of the German player Mesut Ozil?	I admire him because he donated his entire world cup bonus to pay for the surgeries of 23 different kids over in Brazil. I wish all athletes were like him!	Yeah he is a great player and he donated his bonus to pay for surgeries for 23 children in Brazil
DSTC10TOPICAL-001499	He was a very funny and interesting man. Something else that is funny is the University of Iowa painted the visiting locker room pink. I wonder what the visiting football teams thought about that.	Yeah it was probably before pink became popular for professional football players to support breast cancer	Do you watch a lot of football?	I do watch the NFL but I do watch the NFL
DSTC10TOPICAL-001500	Hmm I am not sure of that. He went to college for it?	Nope he just attended drama class in high school because that is where the pretty girls went	Hahaha the guy really knew what he was after even that early	I have no clue,  maybe on how they could be faster, or throw better. Thats my guess.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001501	Yeah I think I have read that before, that is impressive. I heard she was really good in that movie as well.	It's funny that she did not know she was auditioning for wonder woman. She thought she was trying out for cat woman	That is pretty funny, do you know what year the original wonder women made an appearance?	They probably did. Did you know that the circular huddle was created by a deaf quarterback?
DSTC10TOPICAL-001502	Actually it was Georgia Tech against Cumberland, they beat them 222-0	Hm. I figured that Tom Brady gave a biblical whooping to the Browns. Oh well. 222-0? Did Cumberland play with their cheerleaders or what?	Hahah good point, I have no idea but what a defeat. Do you ever watch the ESPN?	I would have thought the same as you. I wonder what the Granny Style technique is. Physicists say it is the best technique for scoring points but that no one does it because it looks stupid.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001503	I do but i don't get the chance as much anymore. The patriots are on a role.	Do you know how many teams are on the NFL?	Wow that's a good question, how many?	Neither have I. I do think it would be interesting though.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001504	That is true. They produced a knock off lego once	Wow, they have tried their hand on everything it seems, smart business people	Very true. And they also own the Seattle Mariners. Good investment seems	Oh, yes. I enjoy listening to some of their speeches and to see where their really heart's are. Ray Lewis of the Baltimore Ravens spoke about the need for our nation to become more loving and accepting of one another. He gave a lot of credit to his mom for his success.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001505	I'm surprised a building of that size has lasted so long	I have no idea, but I am glad it survived. History should not be destroyed. Going back to football, the games apparently last only 11 minutes of active game	I guess the players have other things to attend to. They are pretty busy. Sunday is a work day for them. I hope they are editing the Bible like that Jefferson fellow.	Yeah, I hear the vita's pretty good, but it didn't sell well against its rival the Nintendo 3DS. Still, most Playstation products sold very well.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001506	Yeah it cost a whooping $60 million, that is very expensive	Yeah do you know who Benjarvus Green-Ellis is?	Oh yeah the man is a legend, never fumbled the ball	I'd be curious to see Jefferson's Bible after he finished going at it with a razor?
DSTC10TOPICAL-001507	That makes sense. The NFL is using tracking chips on the players now.	Yes they are and they are collecting many stats such as velocity and rotation and others	Yeah. Do you know who Benjarvus Green-Ellis is?	that is a good point, it was so nice chatting on you, I think we have a nice business plan!
DSTC10TOPICAL-001508	Yes I have, very funny movie. That was a classic right there. Thanks	I have never seen it before, I think Bill Murray said it was comedy gold or something like that.	I agree. Did you know that some of the very first silent movies out there were comedies?	I guess they want to take advantage of the available technology. I would like to talk longer but I've got to run now. It was nice chatting with you.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001509	Yeah, wasn't he the guy who didn't ever fumble the ball? Thats a pretty incredible feat.	That sure is, what a career. Did you know bowlers used to make more than football players in the 60s	That is surprising, I never saw bowling as that popular. But engineers make more over a lifetime than football players. So there is some incentive to work hard in school.	I enjoy it since it allows for world building with mythology and the supernatural
DSTC10TOPICAL-001510	Where did you usually commute from and to? Technology and innovations fly by year after year.	I simply drove to the big city for about an hour and a half. Did you ever use the car radio?	That sounds like my commute. I commute about that long one way for school and back home. Doesn't every car have a radio?	Native Americans do not take that in negative.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001511	I'm a huge football fan. How about yourself?	I love football both college and NFL, do you have a favorite NFL team of the 32?	I'm a New England Patriots fan and huge fan of Tom Brady how about you?	Which is a little unnerving. There is no doubting his accomplishments on the field, but not sure I am ready to follow his beliefs off the field.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001512	Well apparently there is a president in Zimbabwe called president banana	They could do a musical number. I think that many fans would follow.	See I like that idea haha. Maybe they could make a lot of money so that Trump could be back into the top three richest presidents of all time	Me too. I got tired after Ironman 2.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001513	I do too. The Saints should do better, if not for themselves, but for the good of the league.	Yeah I agree with you on that. Do you know what the average actual time of gameplay is for an average NFL game?	Something like 10 minutes, right? I think I heard that when they were talking about the chips in the shoulder pads of the players.	It has, and then theres also the princess and all the other character Disney has created.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001514	I hope so too. We need engineers more than we need athletes if we're going to have a good society.	True! Although it is pretty cool that there isn't a rule that keeps women from playing. All they need to do it meet eligibility	I guess in the future we might see a woman. Anyway, great chat! Have a great evening!	Oh wow that's pretty cool. I saw Silence of the Lambs came out on Valentine's Day in 1991 and had a box office of over $270 million.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001515	I don't know honestly. We have some teams that have won state championships in the area but i don't ever go to the games.	I would think it would be more interesting if you went to the actual school.	I would think so too but there's a school in Allen, Texas that spent 60 million dollars to build a football stadium to seat 18,000 people.	Well yeah. Thats how the world works though. Its all about the mighty dollar.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001516	Yep, that's how consistently good they have been. Did you know that New Orleans cheerleaders are forbidden from eating in the same restaurant as any NFL player. If they are eating somewhere and an NFL player comes in, they have	Thats rude. I wonder why?	They probably don't want any PR problems from that. It's kind of weird that there is no women in the NFL. There is no written rules against female players.	I love tennis, but don't get to play very often, but I do love tennis games and I do believe they have one for the Wii. I will have to check it out! It is funny to me all the businesses Nintendo tried prior to going to games in the 70's, they tried everything haha
DSTC10TOPICAL-001517	Really, Id be interested to read it. It does sound a little extreme at some times.	I agree lol, do you have a favorite team?	I do, unfortunately I root for the Dolphins, it was a family thing.	I heard Disney slips images of Mickey Mouse into their produced works. I wonder if they are in any of the Disney Suesse remakes?
DSTC10TOPICAL-001518	I do not think I have heard of that, what is it? There is a radio station that turns solar energy into sounds	WOw cool one. Have you ever listened to canadian radios?	I have not actually, I just do not have the time I guess. Back to football, Kellan Moore is the only half handed QB in the NFL.	oh ya definitely, in the first transformers movie do you remember the part where Megatron flicks a person away?
DSTC10TOPICAL-001519	Good point. The ESPN once won an Emmy. Do you know what for?	Hmm I do not know that, did not know they could qualify for any of those awards	Yeah, well they got it for the superimposed yellow like	I hope to meet God some day and challenge her to a cool MMA sport match-up.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001520	Yes, I did, interesting. I think they owned alot of land.	I believe so too. Up until 1805 the vice president was decided by who the runner up was in the presidential election. Interesting because there probably would have been 2 different opinions on issues of the time in the White	Yes, that is interesting. Its good times have changed.	Yes that would be interesting to see, although they didn't handle the Kaepernick situation well so I'm not sure how they'd handle women. I'd like to see a female coach.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001521	Yeah and after words maybe on a subconscious level. You know the highest scoring game of all time?	Yeah it was 222-0. What a blow out!	Yeah Georgia Tech was not playing around. I would have hated to be on the bus ride home to Cumberland.	HAHAHA! Now that is hilarious! What an awesome thing to do! lol
DSTC10TOPICAL-001522	Im doing great. How bout you.	I'm good, thanks for asking. Do you like Tennis?	I have never really sat down to watch it to be honest.	That's pretty cool too. Soldiers in WWII made simple radios by using razorblades and pencils.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001523	I love the NFL! I try to follow all 32 teams the best I can.	Nice. I did not know the game season is 17 weeks. That is a long time and lots of games	Yes. It seems to go fast. Each team plays a 16 game schedule.	I would love all the Kanye conspiracy theories when he's in office. He believes that aids is a man-made disease.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001524	It That is an interesting coincidence.	Did you know the NFL has no rules against women playing?	That's great! There should a team entirely of women!	Yeah I guess the career of a football player does not last that long so they do not have much time to make money
DSTC10TOPICAL-001525	Hello, do you like television?	I do. I love watching SNL - especially the weekend update.	I love SNL. Did you know when South Park aired the Family Guy episode, they received flowers from the Simpsons crew?	In any case, how about kanye west?
DSTC10TOPICAL-001526	Yes but I guess that was because bowling was much more popular back then	I guess so. Do you know what the highest score in college football is?	Yes that is 222-0 when Georgia Tech beat Cumberland	The Dark Knight was good! Morgan is a great guy, he started mentoring Samuel L. Jackson in his early acting career.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001527	I think soccer players make less money than a basketball player. But as a whole soccer is watched by a lot of people more in comparison to basketball. That is just my opinion	Yea basketball players are making upwards of 50 million a year thats crazy. I know overseas soccer is a huge sport. In There exists a variation of soccer where 3 teams face each other at the same time.	I never heard of such thing. How 3 teams can play on the field at the same time is a mind blowing. Hahaha	Yeah one of his biggest influences was Eminem, I guess he wouldnt be the same without the influence of that other great artist.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001528	Well the NFL tracks everything. They even have chips in shoulder pads and footballs for tracking so I am pretty sure they are accurate.	I think its great that tech is being integrated into the game, cool stats indeed they should make devices to control the brain damage injuries	You would think that an average NFL player who will make less than an average engineer over his lifetime would want to help their own health. The NFL is violent.	Well, I do not have the exact number but there were at least two.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001529	Are you a baseball fan? I'm not, so I am not surprised that the Women's World cup has higher ratings than the World Series.	Soccer is the international sport. Women around the world will be keen on seeing the games. Not so much for baseball, I guess. I am not a big baseball fan, though I follow the playoffs.	I'm not a sports person, I do like chess. Although, I didn't know it was invented in India.	Yes, and his wife Marcia was the reason they made all the good changes. She even won an award for it.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001530	No! Wow, that's awesome! Very smart and kind of them. I love animals more than a lot of people lol!	It is a great thing they did! i wish the U.S. would do that!	I do too, we have so many animals going extinct it would probably help a lot. They deserve to thrive and be safe too.	that is impressive! equally impressive is the man who was wrongfully imprisoned and spent 10 years studying law to prove his innocence
DSTC10TOPICAL-001531	Yeah I guess it was a more popular game back then. Their coaches are the highest paid people	Yeah no surprise there. Do you know what the highest score in college football is?	Hmmm no I do not, what is it. Did you hear about that giant stadium in Texas?	That's a pretty incredible amount when you think about it. Samuel Jackson puts a golf clause in his film contracts that allows him to play golf twice a week during production.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001532	Hi, do you like football?	Hello, i love the NFL now thats a real sports league!	Do you know if they have female players?	I think if you look hard enough you find similarity in everything. You?
DSTC10TOPICAL-001533	Hello, do you watch NFL?	Yes I tried to watch every nfl game. Do you like Tom Brady?	I like him. I guess he is a book author now as well.	I watch it during the season because I don't have anything better to do. Especially for the Monday and Thursday night games.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001534	Hello there, do you watch the NFL?	Hi, no I don't watch it. Do you?	Yes me too from time to time. Curious fact, the U of Iowa visitor locker room is painted pink.	Oh wow that's pretty crazy.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001535	Are you a New England Patriots fan?	lol no I am not. Did you know there is no written rule against female players? women are allowed to play football.	And sorry, yes I watch football. I am not a fan of the Patriots either! lol I did know about the rule allowing female players. I'm surprised no females play tho	Some people think it has no place in government. For example, presidents Teddy Roosevelt and John Quincy Adams did not use a Bible at their swearing-in ceremonies. I think they swore on the Constitution.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001536	That must be a nightmare for opposing teams! Wonder if that would have helped Cumberland when Georgia Tech set the highest score record when they beat them 222-0. Ha!	Haha that is true! It's so surprising that an average engineer will make more in his life than an NFL or MLB player	Agreed. I even wonder if engineers made more than the top bowlers of the 1960s since they actually made more than the top football players as well!	I haven't yet. I bet that's pretty intense. There are a ton of actors in it; almost too much to follow. I guess that's why they needed the Imax cameras, huh?
DSTC10TOPICAL-001537	Yeah, no kidding. Although the average lifetime salary of engineers is higher than the average lifetime earning of an NFL player.	Plus fewer concussions too. I think it would be better for women to go into engineering.	Yeah, no kidding! I know the cheerleaders on the Saints have to leave a restaurant if a team player is there.	Yes, i completely agree! What do you think would be a good number of games for an NFL team to play in a season?
DSTC10TOPICAL-001538	Free with you, they should have had Snoop Dogg make a theme song for the game like he did for his son's high school football team LOL	Interesting, do you play golf?	I have tried to play golf but I'm not very good, it just takes so long to do all 18 holes I think	I didn't know that! What else was he in?
DSTC10TOPICAL-001539	For sure, did you know the NFL is the new religion	I guess it is, many people watch it for sure. Do you know how many teams are there?	I think there are 32 teams now, which is your favorite?	Yeah and Sony rejected it and only bought the rights to Spider-man!
DSTC10TOPICAL-001540	Well there is a free website of them if you would like to check it out	Yeah that is nice. Did you know that there is a radio station that turns solar energy into tunes	That is so cool. In WWII soldier made foxhole radio using pencils and razorblades	Really? I find it relaxing. Something about the music and the repetitiveness, I guess. But I suppose it can make me a little anxious when it gets really fast and/or really close to the top. Or if I mess up.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001541	Now, that's smart	Haha, yep it is.	It was very nice chatting with you. Have a great day	You think? Lol they have the GOAT Tom Brady, you just knew he was going to save them once again!
DSTC10TOPICAL-001542	They cannot socialize or date either.	Well that i agree with but forcing them to leaves a bit much to me.	Yeah probably something happened for them to make that rule. Well, cant wait till the draft lol. Gotta run, nice talking to you.	wow, that is awesome. I wish I saw it in an IMAX theatre, I bet the effects would have been so much better
DSTC10TOPICAL-001543	That was a beautiful show, both in the writing and visually. It's probably the best bit of TV Sci-Fi since 1997.	Yes I thought so too	It's been nice chatting with you, but I'd better get back to work.	i kept up on it! didnt Serena lose?
DSTC10TOPICAL-001544	Well I hope the players get their degrees before going to the NFL. The lifetime earnings of an engineer is higher than the average lifetime earnings of an nfl player	They could probably get tons of degrees after the NFL	lol. The bible is the best selling book ever selling over 5 billion copies. I know that because every one has one.	It is definitely the second one. I liked all the battle scenes and when Gandolf returns to lead the army to help fight. You?
DSTC10TOPICAL-001545	I guess the football players chose the wrong sport then. They could have just gone bowling and make money. They could wear their helmet bowling too.	Well things have changed now so that definitely is not the case. But engineers still make more than football players	Engineers makes more than football players, but not for playing football. Engineers are good at engineering.	I don't think it's fair. I don't think people should be held accountable for things they said years ago. Life was different years ago and people not so easily offended. You?
DSTC10TOPICAL-001546	I agree. Though the earnings of an engineer over their life time are higher that the earnings of a football player. That makes me feel a little better.	Until you think about retirement age. I'll take ten and out with millions over forty plus and out with millions. lol. What about you?	Same here. I would rather a few years to make my millions.	Yes! Have you heard about the sounds on mars?
DSTC10TOPICAL-001547	Yes, I forget how football is usually soccer to most people	Soccer is a popular sport around the world. Football is gaining popularity too in other countries.	I think internationally soccer is the most popular. In the US, football generally is more popular	Hi. I am good. How are you? I do like sports. Do you?
DSTC10TOPICAL-001548	Yeah did you know most presidents swear in on the bible.	Two US president did not use it in swearing-in ceremonies.	yeah they are John quincy adams and teddy roosevelt	Yeah, dont plan a vacation in february! He has to defend that crown. Do you listen to the radio ?
DSTC10TOPICAL-001549	On a different topic what do you think about Birds by the way? I did eat a chicken for dinner and it was delicious	Birds are pretty awesome, they are technically dinosaurs so I find it fascinating to see living dinosaurs	Yes I agree, it's very crazy that they can range in size from 2 inches to over 9 feet	Oh wow, that is awesome. I believe I read this somewhere. A group of climbers, climbed the tallest mountain in Britain and there was a piano on the top!
DSTC10TOPICAL-001550	Yes, you are right, I have lots of comics books, I am not a reader, I like them for the drawing of the characters.	That is interesting. Dc comics paid $130 in 1938 for exclusive rights to superman.	Yes, Superman and Archie rich are two of the most valuable book I heard of according to my knowledge.	32. That makes sense. That's an even number, so it can be divided by two. Are there two leagues or divisions or something?
DSTC10TOPICAL-001551	Hello there, do you play the piano?	Hello, I can play a little. What about you?	No, but I really wish that I could I think it is so cool.	Agreed! I wonder if the same rule would apply if they had female football players. After all, there's no rules forbidding females from playing as long as they meet the eligibility requirements.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001552	It would be cool if they even had stuff that predated Marvel, if that is even a thing.	I think there are comics way before that.	I think it is cool how they have different universes, even within the same franchise.	it has been great! Thank you and have a great night!
DSTC10TOPICAL-001553	I agree! They are lucky to make it on ESPN 12 lol. Do you think there will ever be a woman that tries out for a team?	I don't know enough about women's bodies to say. There aren't many women who play in high school or college though.	I agree, but there is a small chance someday! Did you know ESPN won an emmy for their yellow first down line?	That's a very good question. If they do not get disease or injured they will never die so I wonder if there is an ancient one out there somehow.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001554	Oh I didn't know they were Canadian! If you are a radio drama fan there is a website where you can listen to thousands for free.	I have never listened to drama on the radio, but I do know it was very big, especially in the days before television	Yes it was basically the big form of entertainment! I bet some presidents even tuned in. The three wealthiest presidents were JFK, Washington, and Jefferson.	I head about that, I didn't know he was 41 though.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001555	Football has got to be crazy too. Its a money maker for a lot of colleges	Yeah. The only good thing about this model is that it pays for the lesser sports, like swimming and volleyball.	Did you know Espn won an emmy for the creation of the yellow first down line	Yep. Did you know that during a G20 summit, Russia gave delegates thumb drives? They were probably bugged somehow.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001556	I think he is a pretty decent player. So was the former QB for Patriots, Benjarvus	I think considering how many super bowl rings Brady had he is better than decent.	Yeah that is true. Benjarvus on the other hand is the only guy in NFL to have never fumbled a ball.	Did you know that the University of Iowa's locker room is painted pink? I wonder why?
DSTC10TOPICAL-001557	Hello, do you listen to the radio?	Not really. Do you?	Yeah I do quite a bit I just have not managed to find that Jupiter station	Sort of. I'm not an avid fan but I know the basics of it. How about you?
DSTC10TOPICAL-001558	It is funny - bowling is a less athletic sport but they used to make twice as much as football players	i think they now get paid more but not all of them	yes that is true. Espn probably got more from winning an emmy for the creation of the virtual yellow line	Iowa is a pretty pink state in general. I guess that is to raise awareness of breast cancer.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001559	Yeah that is a wild fact, I guess the thing to do was to be a bowler in the 60's, that was the life!	Sure would be a lot easier physically than football. Did you see espn won an emmy for creating that superimposed yellow line representing the first down? I wonder what year that was	Yeah I am trying to think if I can remember watching games before it happened. I know I have but it's just so part of the game now I can't really remember.	I agree! Stan lee ended all phone conversations with "excelsior". That is too funny!
DSTC10TOPICAL-001560	Fun! We should be just about done with this hit!	yeah, this was a fun one!	I thought so too! Nice talking with you!	The 2nd is the best definitely the way the special effects were from a movie from that long ago proves how well made it was between LOR and harry potter both of those had amazing special effects
DSTC10TOPICAL-001561	Yes it was basically the big form of entertainment! I bet some presidents even tuned in. The three wealthiest presidents were JFK, Washington, and Jefferson.	With inflation I can see how Washington or Jefferson might have more worth than President Trump. But JFK surprises me	Yes JFK is a bit surprising. I bet the president of Indonesia made a lot from his pop albums!	I like Drew Brees. I played in HS and there was a lot of standing around but only 11 minutes of gameplay?
DSTC10TOPICAL-001562	No. I usually watch comedy or romantic movies.	It was fantastic. The end left you guessing though. Some people say Infinity War owes part of it's success to Black Panther.	I will make a point of watching it soon.	I wonder too, there is an AM radio frequency that catches Jupiter's radio storms
DSTC10TOPICAL-001563	I imagine it was at least hundreds apart?	222-0. I dont even see how that is possible. That one team must have been really bad.	Perhaps a combination of the winning team being just that good and the losing team being so bad	I agree. There are so many superheroes, I can see why people can get them confused.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001564	Talk about a good career move that would pay off down the road! Marcia Lucas was the reason for some major changes to the original movie and won an academy award for editing the film.	Another fun fact that I learned is that there's a toy Hans Solo in every Firefly episode. I loved Firefly too!	I never knew that. I'm going to have to go watch and look for it.	I like the new England patriots. They are like the Lannisters of football
DSTC10TOPICAL-001565	Hi! I love rock music and it has been for a while now. I think since the 60s.	Yeah, it's definitely a classic and great genre. White snake has had over 50 members through it's history. That's crazy!	I know. The list has its own wikipedia page.	If you want a job that makes more in a lifetime than an average nfl player or mlb player you can become an engineer
DSTC10TOPICAL-001566	Nice! Did you know engineers make more money over time than NFL players do?	I guess that makes sense since their careers are longer too and they have more time to make money	For sure, but I bet NFL players are paid more per hour. Did you know an NFL game has 11 actual minutes of gameplay?	I would think money has a big factor and maybe proving something, but I imagine they must meet at least the physical requirements to withstand the impact of a 300 pound linebacker, you think female NFL players gear would be any different?
DSTC10TOPICAL-001567	Yeah true. Do you know what is the highest score in college football game?	Yes that is 222-0 and do you know who was playing in that game?	Yes that was Georgia tech that beat Cumberland in 1916	Yes I have. The flags in stadiums like that weigh 1100 pounds!
DSTC10TOPICAL-001568	Actually, I did. That thing was too long, though. I sat for 3 hours, makes me mad to think that the average NFL game has only 11 minutes of actual live gameplay.	Same here. There is so much waiting around. Id like to see a game with a running clock for all of it, stopping only when teams score. That would give more action.	You know they have tracking chips in the player's shoulder pads that records every move on the field. It would be interesting to see what that data shows!	I would hazard a guess in the fifties, but it just a guess. There are always moral panics about whatever the kids are into these days. I wonder how many books six tons represents.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001569	Yeah that makes sense. Because I haven't heard of that rule with any other team. What about the rule for female players? Apparently there is no rule against it, which is interesting	I guess they never imagined that women would want or be able to play. Other sports might not have such a rule either.	Yeah that makes sense. I don't think that women can play basketball or anything like that, at least in the NBA, but maybe I'm wrong? Do you have a favorite quarterback by the way?	I didnt know that
DSTC10TOPICAL-001570	True. 11 minutes of combat.	I'm all for women breaking barriers and the belief that they can accomplish anything a man can, but not when there is a chance for major injury just based on a size advantage.	True. Anyway, I enjoyed chatting with you!	I heard it was really good, hes not my favorite superhero, but Id definitely see it also.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001571	Yeah thats true. Looks like a lot of them just inherited the money	And now the actors that play the characters are getting rich. Marvel movies make serious box office cash	I know right. Have you seen infinity war?	WOw. Do you like radio dramas?
DSTC10TOPICAL-001572	Yes, the talent is there, on the coaching staff too. Though I have heard accusations for cheating.	Yes and while I am not familiar enough to know the details, which team hasn't been accused as such	I really don't know. I figure that the cost of getting caught cheating would be pretty high. Didn't they have to pay a fine or something?	Hi. I am good. How are you?
DSTC10TOPICAL-001573	Hi! I do occasionally, usually during big games like Super Bowl.	Me too, I really don't watch much but I do like football. I think Tom Brady is an excellent quarterback.	I agree, though he is now in his 40s born in August 1977. Wonder if he might retire soon?	Yeah I love watching the Super Bowl. As is tradition it was held in the first Sunday in February.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001574	Nice I liked it too. did you know it was founded in 1889 as a playing card company	Yeah, I did not know it was that old. Did you	Yeah I did not know but apparently it has been that long	Yes, items like sewing machines and things people find useful but do not need for long term ownership.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001575	Hi, how are you? do you like Marvel	Hello, I am doing good this morning. Yeah I like Marvel. Me and my son are always watching superhero movies.	Nice, me too although I am not a huge Fantastic Four fan. I think the movie killed it for me...	I guess it was his wishes to do so that way. Yes, I am familiar with WC.,
DSTC10TOPICAL-001576	I've watched Australian rules football and Rugby before although they aren't on tv much	They call it football codes. There is also a Gaelic football	Interesting. I mainly watch the NFL even though the games only have an average of 11 minutes of gameplay for each game	I just remember it because it was all over the tabloids in the grocery store aisles. lol  Do you still use libraries? I do, but not as much as I used to.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001577	The nfl has no written rule against female players; women would in fact be allowed if they met the league's eligibility requirements. I had no idea! I would have thought they did but I guess not.	That is interesting but I wonder what the league's eligibility requirements are. What if they had to have played football in college?	I am not sure. Based on the article, they could play. I think that they are not sexist, just biased against age.	Being from an older generation, the bible was not excluded from elementary school reading assignments. But, I am glad its no longer required reading. I struggle with the Bible being wholly "the word of god". It was written by humans after all. And which bible, the Jewish Bible, the Christian Bible, the Mormon Bible, or upcoming Woman's Bible. I found it interesting the Thomas Jefferson created his own bible by cutting out the parts he did not believe in.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001578	I do! I just watched avengers the other day! Have you seen Wonder Woman?	I haven't, but I should! It was the highest grossing superhero movie!	I know! I've seen the Dark Knight too, have you? It was the highest before Wonder Woman.	They are interesting. do you know who invented the word?
DSTC10TOPICAL-001579	Yeah only 13 TD passes which is low for a QB, he did have a better season the previous year	Saquon Barkley should be a good pick for the fantasy draft next season.	Im not aware of that player in what position does he play?	that is surprising, today no one who is naturally blonde would dye his hair black.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001580	That would be different. Maybe they could get a pink locker room like the Univ of Iowa has for its visiting football teams. :) So bad! !	Haha, right! That is crazy. It's not any different than the crazy high score game that ended with 222-0 that's unbelievable!	Yeah that was awful for the losing team I bet. They probably could have benefited from the tracking chips they use today in the players' shoulder pads to record their moves. Maybe could have figured out what they were doing	I do like the Star Wars films from back in the day.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001581	Would be awesome to watch!	Yea, it's quite ironic that Jackson popularized the robot dance and wanted to build a robot lol	Could he make it sing too?	I did not know that. I have had nerve damage from my metal watch band being too tight when lifting things, so I can understand how skinny jeans could cause nerve damage. Nice talk!
DSTC10TOPICAL-001582	I can't believe google is only 10 years old!	They have certainly grown pretty fast. I love YouTube!	i do too! i also like google maps. Do you use that a lot?	Yeah exactly. I wish shoes cost that much nowadays. Queen Elizabeth II employs somebody to wear her shoes before her to ensure they're comfortable. Must be nice.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001583	Me too, but I guess in my childhood and college years I was watching much often. I didn't know that 14 of the world's 25 largest stadiums belong to American college football teams. Did you know that?	I did not know that. The University of Iowa's lock room for visiting teams is painted in all pink.	lol why? Do they believe it may bring any benefits to Iowa?	Yeah apparently you are more likely to order a burger instead of a salad in a place with loud music!
DSTC10TOPICAL-001584	I wonder too, there is an AM radio frequency that catches Jupiter's radio storms	Very cool, wonder if it just sounds like static or what? Bill Murray voiced the Human Torch in the 1970's fantastic four radio show!	no way! Now i need to look that up. It probably was amazing	I like how it is organized by subjects
DSTC10TOPICAL-001585	Good point. Did you know that bowlers made twice as much as top football stars ?	Thats crazy. It like how engineers make more in a lifetime	And what up with that crazy cumberland game. I would have walked off the field	I like cats, but I like dogs a little better. That's hilarious you can pay to drink with cats.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001586	That's such a nice gesture. For the longest time he was the voice of college football. Did you go to Michigan?	I did not just a big fan. My favorite player of all time attended there so It was how I became a fan	Who is your favorite player of all time?	Same, if I would agree with anyone from these articles I would agree with Bob Ryan because he's skeptical about it - as he should be!
DSTC10TOPICAL-001587	I do love football! How about you?	Yes, I love to go to the games? What do you think of the Patriots?	I like the Patriots! I'm glad that they won the super bowl. Tom Brady puts a lot of work into his game and deserves to be a winner for his dedication to being the best he can be.	I really like the Titans. However, the quarterback is out with an injury.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001588	I did, it was pretty boring this year though.	Free with you, they should have had Snoop Dogg make a theme song for the game like he did for his son's high school football team LOL	Interesting, do you play golf?	No I've never been to an actual game, but I do watch them on TV, have you ever seen the show Game of Thrones by the way?
DSTC10TOPICAL-001589	Oh yeah you're right when they the aired the final family Guy episode.	Tv is a mass medium for advertisement, entertainment, and news. Is there anything else you enjoy?	Yes it is indeed. I enjoy the Internet. It's addicting and can cause measurable changes in the brain.	Really, I wonder how you would even score points in a league like that. Can you imagine people getting into a fight over their fantasy congress league as well?
DSTC10TOPICAL-001590	I wonder if that is supposed to have some effect on the players	I am not sure. In the 60s bowlers used to make more than NFL players	Yeah I guess it was a more popular game back then. Their coaches are the highest paid people	Yes I agree. I really like history and listening to things from that time.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001591	Wasn't he a running back for the NE Patriots?	Yeah he was and he never fumbled the ball in his career	That's impressive. I wonder how many years he played for the Patriots to have that kind of stat	worker as well. I like these HITs, since they give us topics to talk about. I end up learning a lot of random stuff lol. Like that polo shirts were invinted for tennis by rene lacoste, and then later adopted by polo players.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001592	Now that's suprising. I wonder how much would that be	I'm not sure. I think it's because NFL players do not play past their 30s normally	True. How about golf? are you familiar with it?	I think you have to find humor in it somehow. For example, the president of Indonesia released 3 pop albums in office, that's funny to think.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001593	Yes. The Saints cheerleaders cannot even eat in the same restaurant as the players.	I guess it is to keep the players from getting distracted or from bad press about teams.	I'm sure. Even if the cheerleader is already there, if a player walks into the restaurant the cheerleader has to leave.	Did you like him in the new DC movies? I thought Wonder Woman was good, not only because it was the highest grossing WW1 movie ever.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001594	I guess that is not a lot considering how long they have been around	That is true actually. Do you know the programming language Python?	I have heard of it, is that somehow related to comedy	i like american football. i dont have much chance to watch. i try to watch the super bowl.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001595	I sometimes watch football. You?	I like watching it when it's on! Can you believe there is only 11 minutes of actual gameplay?	I can. they do so much standing around and waiting. it feels like they try to run down the clock. i wouldnt buy a ticket. too expensive.	Um, no, I don't. I don't know much about football. There are many teams in many places and many players with many faces.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001596	True. It was my pleasure to talk with you.	Have a good day my friend watch a disney film for me today	Sure.	Yep. I think a lot of people don't value awards anymore because they truy don't include all actors who deserve to be nominated.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001597	Ha! Maybe so! I mean, there's only 11 minutes of live NFL gameplay on average so it wouldn't hurt to have a few female players, I wouldn't think!	Maybe there is to many advertisements, what do yo think ? Or if the players played more than 11 minutes, they would get more injuries ?	I think it's primarily the commercials. Crazy to think it's only 11 minutes though! I wonder if the chips they use to track the movement of players only tracks 11 minutes worth?	wow, I tried getting my free one but i missed the warranty by like 1 week!
DSTC10TOPICAL-001598	Yes and they also have to leave mid meal if they walk in	Yes it is absurd and sexist and it needs to go	I agree. THey are using tracking chips on the players now	Right i think i remember that song. I don't know much about his earlier work.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001599	Yes they are and they are collecting many stats such as velocity and rotation and others	Yeah. Do you know who Benjarvus Green-Ellis is?	Of course I do, he played for the Patriots and never fumbled the ball in his career	Thats so crazy to me. They are such good actors.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001600	That stat actually surprises me with how much football players work! Did you know that in the 60s even top bowlers made more than football players? !	I wasn't aware of that, actually. That's sad and unfair - almost as bad as the Saints cheerleaders not being allowed to dine in the same restaurant as the football players.	That's terrible, especially since the cheerleaders need to leave even if they were there first. Talk about no womens rights?	True, it was good talking to you
DSTC10TOPICAL-001601	How great is that! So important. The library of Alexandria had a unique way of gathering books by making all ships visiting surrender their books for copy .	They must have had a impressive collection	How unfair, they would copy their books give them back the copy and keep the originals.	I  would love that too, I would settle with the $500,000 workout bounus lol, a lot of money
DSTC10TOPICAL-001602	Wow. Didn't know that. Antarctica has a disc golf course	Oh that would be a cold course! A golf course in Dubai requires 4 million gallons of water!	That is a lot of water. The US have more golf courses than the world combined	Hey! I just got in from a game of basketball! We had enough players for the common 5 player teams. Do you like basketball?
DSTC10TOPICAL-001603	How things have changed now. Did you hear they are using tracking chips on the players now?	Yes they are collecting information such as velocity and rotation and a bunch others, Wonder what for though.	I hope they can somehow use them to make the game safer and decrease the number of concussions	Yes, I have watched Wonder Woman. Did you know Gal Gadot fought in the Israeli special forces?
DSTC10TOPICAL-001604	Yes. They are definitely a power couple. Do you watch Game of Thrones? The author called the Pats the Lannisters of the NFL!	Yeah I've heard that one ;) really funny but what does it mean - they always pay their debt ? ;) lol	Did you know that in the 1960's bowlers made twice as much as top football stars?	I hear it is avocado which makes sense since he is so health conscious
DSTC10TOPICAL-001605	I am not sure. But I'd definitely see the recent Spider Man film. I heard it was really good. And it won some Oscars	I heard it was really good, hes not my favorite superhero, but Id definitely see it also.	Do you read any other comic books?	I will always go to a movie he's in no matter what it's about. Watching him in Apollo 11 is what got me more interested in space that anything else. Up until then I had no idea the moon had mountains and valleys like the Earth. Even high than Mt. Everest!
DSTC10TOPICAL-001606	Wow. Drogba once stopped a civil war in his country	WOw amazing. Even Jon Steward used to be a soccer player	Nice a tv host and a soccer player, lots of talent there	That's interesting! I wonder how different they were. John Cena is a fan of anime, that's a little surprising!
DSTC10TOPICAL-001607	They give 24 awards to talented people in the film industry annually.	Yes, Did you know that Daniel Day-Lewis is the only actor to win Best Actor at the Oscars 3 times.	No, I did not know that. Thanks for the info. I always like to know the facts related to the entertainment industry.	I have the feeling you are a woman. So you like soccer because they fight?
DSTC10TOPICAL-001608	Friends was a great show, they had so much talent there. I was and am more of a Seinfeld fan, 3rd rock was ok.	I just love that comedies generally have a happy ending. I love to smile and laugh.	Yeah same here, and comedy is pretty hard to do right!	Same here. Did you know socks are among the most needed item in a homeless shelter?
DSTC10TOPICAL-001609	I watch it most weekends. I prefer the NFL to college football or any other league.	I was shocked to find out that an average NFL game, only has 11 minutes of live gameplay.	They do keep the time running while the teams are setting up & calling a new play a lot so I guess it's not too surprising. They still earn a lot of money for the little work they do.	It has a solid cast overall. Hope you get to catch it some time.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001610	do you know much about the universe?	Some stuff. There is a theory that it was formed through evolution	Yeah and another one that there is only one electron in it	Yeah, it's Japanese. In fact, it has become their third most-valuable company with over 85 billion dollars.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001611	Originally the runner-up would become vice president. So in our last election we would had vice president Hillary Clinton and president Trump. Talk about a lot of drama haha	Wow! That would have been crazy. We are much too partisan for that now. Maybe it would force us to work together more. Off topic but do you watch a lot of TV?	I watch a little bit of TV. since I don't have cable I only watch Netflix mostly. I like the show stranger things, what about you?	Interesting. I don't live near a pool and the water outdoors is very cold here most of the year, but I do a lot of walking for cardio.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001612	Jefferson created a bible? How much money did he make on it? I know he was rich.	Yeah he created a version of it and took out all the supernatural stuff because he did not believe in it	There must not have been much left! I guess it was short book. Why did Jefferson do this? Was he angry at God or something?	I think he's a backup. Baker Mayfield from the Browns once almost quit football to pursue full time competitive gaming. That sounds like that would have been a scary gamble to take.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001613	I am not sure but it is shot in California in an Ikea store and people there do not even know	WOw. Do you like radio dramas?	I like them sometimes. Do you listen to them?	Hi Turker, are you a fan of NFL, if yes do you watch Thursday night football?
DSTC10TOPICAL-001614	Probably. I guess it's written into their contract.	football players are having too much troubles already	That's true. But it seems everyone else has to change their ways for them.	That's true. The ads take up a lot of time in NFL TV games.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001615	Yes, have you seen Iron Man, if yes did you like it?	Yes. Even after ten years it holds up quite well!	That's true, I even like the actor in Iron Man as much as the movie itself. He is one of my favorite actor.	Only 11 minutes? wow, it does seem like a lot longer than that
DSTC10TOPICAL-001616	I understand their thinking. They felt that they should be loyal to the law of the land and the people of the US.	Do you like football?	Football is a fun sport. I don't get a chance to watch it much. You?	Yes! I enjoy art in the form of music. I especially enjoy the tune of the piano. What about you?
DSTC10TOPICAL-001617	Yes that is amazing, was also shocked when I read that	I guess I find all of it fascinating. How did someone figure out that these waves could be converted into sound?	I know its crazy, I wonder if it was one of those I have an idea moments	Hi! Yes I am to both questions, I also really like Bill Belichick's coaching, I've read books and articles praising his leadership, you?
DSTC10TOPICAL-001618	OK. Did you know that females could play in the NFL ?	No but i dont like how cheerleaders are forbidden from eating in the same restaurant as any nfl player	That is crazy that they would have to leave if a player comes in.	And also it seems that being a football player may not be all it's cracked out to be. An engineer actually makes more in a lifetime!
DSTC10TOPICAL-001619	Absolutely - there is a reason the lifetime earnings of an engineer is higher than that of a nfl player - their career is a lot longer.	It's funny to think that back in the 1960s, bowlers were paid more. I can't imagine sitting around and watching bowling being more exciting, but bowling alleys were popular.	Yeah I do love bowling though its been a while since I did it. There are more female bowlers though - even though it is allowed for women to play in the NFL, there aren't any.	I'm so glad that invented that. Did you know that the NFL has tracking chips in players shoulder pads and the football?
DSTC10TOPICAL-001620	I guess. Do you know how the polos were invented?	Yes they were invented by a tennis player Rene Lacoste	Yes and then was adopted by others and the rest is history	for sure. take care.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001621	What a guy really. Did you know about that weird rule that New Orleans cheerleader shave to abide to?	Yeah about not being able to eat in the same restaurant as the players. What is up with that?	Yeah and they have to leave mid meal. That rule is sexist and has to go	He's actually a big speaker now and proponent of education and science he's a great dude
DSTC10TOPICAL-001622	i do like to watch football. only get the chance from time to time. You?	I do. Did you know that the NFL has no written rules against female players?	i heard something about that, but then again i dont think they ever imagined a woman showing up to try out.	Yes it was unless you were in britain where they rode side saddle. A lot of things are different there. They consider trousers to be underwear where america considers trousers to be pants.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001623	I do from time to time.	me too, I am a university of iowa football fan, they paint their visitors locker room pink!	That's cool. Do you watch the NFL at all?	No, but it sounds kind of good. I like avocado and I like ice cream. I've heard of worse combinations.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001624	hahaha, it is just so much fun, the game itself and all the cheering and the fans. How about the animal world, do you take much interest there?	Yeah I am a big fan of animals and nature, how about you?	Most definitely, I love science in general. Crazy to think we share the planet with 20 quintillion other species of animals	Yes indeed... I didn't realize that the NFL's average gameplay is only 11 minutes. That seems way low.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001625	Yes I guess football was not that popular back then as it is now	True. Do you know the highest score in college football?	Yes that is 222-0 when Georgia Tech beat Cumberland	Why must they paint it pink? Did they lose a bet?
DSTC10TOPICAL-001626	yes, I'd like to learn how do that myself. Apparently, you just use a razor blade and a pencil as a diode. I believe that they were called Foxhole radios.	Did you know that you can hear Jupiter radio songs on AM radio?	Well, I think it is radio storms that are so strong that they can be picked up and heard on the AM radio.	I am a fan - when I was a kid I wanted to be a pro player, because women are allowed, but it was not to be.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001627	I would if I had that kind of crazy money but it's so many shelter animals it would not be smart.	Have you ever used Pandora Radio?	Yes! I enjoy the service, How about you?	Omg,  like 40% of the songs on the radio are Justin Bieber? That's not cool. Those poor Canadians.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001628	Hi do you like movies?	Good Afternoon! Yes, I do enjoy movies and I try to watch a new release at least once a month. You?	That is cool, do not do it as often. One of the ones that I admire the most is star wars series which started in 1977	Do you live in a country has prime minister ?
DSTC10TOPICAL-001629	I didn't know that, do you know if they still do that?	They still make rubber boots yes	Boots have a lot of interesting history in general. I believe the first people to ever be photographed were a man and the cleaner cleaning his boots.	No - what team did he coach? I knew that Alex Smith was a brilliant quarterback who was working on a Masters degree when he was drafted
DSTC10TOPICAL-001630	Yes it is indeed. I enjoy the Internet. It's addicting and can cause measurable changes in the brain.	It is hard to get away from the internet. Even Mt Everest has service!	Yes that is so hard to believe! When buying a product or service online, only 7% of people read the full terms.	Agreed! I wonder if the same rule would apply if they had female football players. After all, there's no rules forbidding females from playing as long as they meet the eligibility requirements.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001631	Did you know that Hugh Jackman once walked around comic con in his full wolverine costume and no one even noticed him?	haha I didn't know that. That's pretty cool! Sean Bean is so scared of flying that he hiked into location in full costume when filming the Lord of the Rings.	wow that is crazy.. There is a great pianist on tv right now - do you play?	It's mainly the fans that see Brady as a messiah and coach Belichick as some kind of deity. The say "in Bill we trust".
DSTC10TOPICAL-001632	I didnt know that, I wonder if players are ok with that, chips can gather all kinds of info and it can be a bit invasive	Well I think it is only during games so they can get velocity and rotation and such. They must be okay with it since they are keeping them in their pads	Oh I see, so this only applies to games, a thing I dont like about the game is that a lot of the times is wasted on ads, theres only a total of 11 minutes of live play	Yea, the black swallower sounds lke a scary fish, it can eat prety twice it's length
DSTC10TOPICAL-001633	That is pretty cool that there is no written rule against them and hope to see them in the field soon	Yeah I hope so too. Did you know engineers make more int heir lifetime?	Yeah and I wonder if that fact that they have longer careers has anything to do with that	Yeah true. Do you know how long was the longest match in tennis?
DSTC10TOPICAL-001634	Ok, yes. It could. I'm not advocating that women. play. In fact, they'd be better off as engineers probably. The average lifetime earnings of an engineer is higher than the average lifetime earnings of an NFL player.	Probably due to injury related early retirement	True. Engineers have fewer concussions.	No problem. I think I'm going the other way and will listen to some jazz urban decadence!
DSTC10TOPICAL-001635	There's a lot of money in European soccer. I guess it helps to diversity across sports and locations.	Yes, I imagine.	Soccer seems to be a game that's more fun to play than watch. I understand the appeal in countries where people grow up playing it. Recently some American got signed to a European team for a ton of cash. Maybe	I wondered if the celebrity Anne Hathaway's name is inspired from that. I had no idea Pocahontas and Shakespeare were alive at the same time! They would've seemed to live in different eras to me.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001636	Oh I see, interesting, and yeah, I see your point that definitely sells movies or at least creates interest in them.	The fact that he was so well-known and considered a comic legend just shows how effective he was at those spots. Before Iron Man was released in 2008, many people didn't even realize comics were still being published.	I can imagine after all the whole Marvel franchise is live because of him and will keep on living long after his death.	I wonder what the nfl uses all that data for
DSTC10TOPICAL-001637	That's interesting, the evolutionary things are so cool, I get the hiccups a lot too.	Haha I think I have the right now. I'm just glad though that Scotland passed a lot to protect the Loch Ness monster back in 1912 just in case it exists lol	That's funny, I'd definitely be a lawyer in Switzerland to represent the animals, love them!	Wow, they didn't even score any points! I think my pride would be quite bruised if I was on the losing team.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001638	You are kind of right, but definitely something underneath is going on with him.	I guess, maybe I don't think it's the big of deal to be upset as long as you acknowledge that it was wrong. A bit of anger can be healthy.	And I have to admit that the reporter was pushing him a little bit.	I should see it then. I didn't know Celine Dion did the theme for Beauty and the Beast.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001639	I think it is a good platform for that by the way.	Not everyone does though. Burger King had a promotions that you got a free whopper if you unfriend 10 people. I wonder what inspired that.	I think that Burger King was just looking for media attention which they got.	Hey, everything gets tracked, nowadays. Man, it seems like I've had nothing on my brain the last few weeks but football. How about you?
DSTC10TOPICAL-001640	Yes I actually have a DIY project in my home right now. Im watching YouTube to complete it.	It is such a great thing. There is actually NOTHING I have tried to look up that I didn't find!	I know, there is a ton of info available, even material from corporations like CBS and BBC, I think YouTube is a great invention.	I know, so strange. Did you know engineers make more money than NFL players in their lifetime?
DSTC10TOPICAL-001641	I have a passing knowledge	Same here. The highest scoring game ever was 222-0! That must have been something to watch!	Either the winning team was just that good or the losing team was just that bad	That is a fairly standard rule with NFL teams, the Washington Redskins Cheerleaders aren't allowed to fraternize with the players either.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001642	It is true, I do enjoy watching the Super Bowl.	Me too although it was pretty boring this year.	Yeah, it was very boring.	The NFL? The National Football League? I've heard of it. Is that still around?
DSTC10TOPICAL-001643	What tv drama does he act in?	I don't like his movies to be honest. One more celebrity news is that actor Michael caine became an actor because all the prettiest girls at his school were in drama class.	Michael is one of my all-time favorite actors!	Yes cheerleaders should be able to continue eating in a restaurant when players come in
DSTC10TOPICAL-001644	I may have seen one a very long time ago. Fox did not think it would succeed so they told George lucas if he directed it he would get all merchandising rights to himself. He must have made a fortune.	Oh I actually knew that about the films! He definitely made a fortune. They thought that the entire franchise would never make any money - especially when it came to toys and such. I bet they regret every bit of	Yes, and his wife Marcia was the reason they made all the good changes. She even won an award for it.	Somebody lost their job over that one. Sometimes it's different by country. Despite "john carter" being considered a monumental flop for Disney, it actually broke box office records in Russia
DSTC10TOPICAL-001645	Engineers came up with that! Probably a better profession for women to choose. The average lifetime earnings of an engineer are higher than the average lifetime earnings of an NFL player.	I wonder why that is! Maybe because engineers have to work longer? After all football games only have about 11 minutes of live game play.	True, but there is little risk of concussion as an engineer.	Do you know who to swim?
DSTC10TOPICAL-001646	I would certainly take the engineer career path in that case. It would certainly be much easier on your body.	Yes, can you believe that in the 60s top pro bowlers made twice as much as footballs players? Talk about a job that's easy on you body!	That would be much easier on your body. I can't imagine that paying more. Times have changed. Were you also aware that 14 of the world's 25 largest stadiums are American college football team stadiums?	Right, i think all sports player are over paid. They need to use some of that money to pay for universal health care in my opinion.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001647	Wow cool. Did you know that superbowl is very small compared to soccer events?	Wow, I guess since so many people around the works like the sport	Yeah true. Did you know Greenland cannot join FIFA?	I guess so - lol. Some birds fly from Alaska to Northern Mexico without sleeping when they are migrating.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001648	Yeah. Did you know women can play in the NFL?	Yea there is no rule against that as long as they qualify	Yes. The game average is only 11 minutes of play anyways	The same to you.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001649	Isn't that crazy? Almost as crazy as the thought that it is impossible to separate two phonebooks whose pages have overlapped.	Yeah or that the cables carrying phone and internet data are under water lying on the oceans floor.	Are you a Simpsons fan? There is only one episode where Bart is not present, or even mentioned.	I wonder what the nfl uses all that data for
DSTC10TOPICAL-001650	Yeah, I think I saw him play the piano in several films some of them had Jazz songs.	Clint is great! He is not much of a singer though. On a related note, Im astonished that Pakistan has a jazz orchestra. I did not imagine jazz as popular in that part of the world.	Pakistan has an orchestra? that is an interesting fact indeed, do you know why trumpeters grew goatees?	Teddy Roosevelt and John Quincy Adams. I am surprised Jefferson isnt among them, or at least with his special Bible.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001651	No, I've never heard anything like that. I did hear, though, that there's a website where you can listen to thousands of episodes of classic radio dramas for free although I never had the pleasure of doing so.	Interesting, I'm not a huge fan of classic radio dramas.	Me neither but I like to investigate old school. Old school is interesting. As a matter of old school, did you know that the circular huddle in football was created by Paul D. Hubbard, a deaf QB, so the other	Yeah that's really interesting! It's crazy that a woman's never been nominated for the Oscar for it, too.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001652	For almost each trip I make when I don't know where it is, especially on out of town trips	same, i use it a lot when i'm going to familiar places too in order to see if there is traffic on the road or an accident	Whenever Google goes down even for one second, there is usually a big uproar by users	I like to play but Im not good at it what about you?
DSTC10TOPICAL-001653	yeah! it was founded back in 1923 and it is definitely approaching 100 years. That seems really insane to me	It definitely has established itself as a leader in the animation industry. Everyone knows who they are and has seen a Disney movie!	Yes I agree! What is your favorite Disney movie by the way? I really like The Little Mermaid and Beauty and the Beast	Denzel did it secretly, so I think he really wanted to help. Did you know that Tom Hanks refuses to play bad guys? I think he would be a fun bad guy.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001654	No! What teams did that?	Georgia Tech versus Cumberland.	That sounds like two college teams. That couldn't have been any time recently right?	Oh wow i didnt know that,  thats cool lol I didnt know the raptors in the movie had humans inside suits lol
DSTC10TOPICAL-001655	No I didn't know that! Doesn't seem like that makes any sense to me haha. Did you know that our rules for elections changed in 1805?	I agree. No I did not. How did they change?	Originally the runner-up would become vice president. So in our last election we would had vice president Hillary Clinton and president Trump. Talk about a lot of drama haha	It is the gauntlet thanos used to destroy half of all life in the universe. But it is the wrong hand in Thor so they think it might have not been the real one.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001656	That is crazy! You could buy an xbox for a whole lot less! Did you know that South Korea has laws on how late at night kids can play video games?	no! How late? do you know?	I do. They can't play past midnight.	He must have really believed in the project. Can you imagine if Bill Murray had gotten the role of Han Solo instead? It would feel like a completely different character
DSTC10TOPICAL-001657	It is very helpful to view football though.	Yes. A simple thing can make a huge difference.	Yes, most of the best inventions are very simple. Do you like the Patriots?	Ya but there is so much going on in those dozen or so minutes espn even won an emmy for making the yellow first down line to help the audience digest the information easier
DSTC10TOPICAL-001658	Power to the animals! Germany also protects them as they were the first country to universally give animals constitutional rights!	That's hilarious! There's a jellyfish that can live forever.	Wow. blessing and a curse I suppose. I hate getting the hiccups but apparently its from early evolution of having both gills and lungs.	yeah I will agree with that, for sure. they should have bought the rest when they had a chance
DSTC10TOPICAL-001659	I have read some. Mostly online. I was never a Marvel fan until the movies came out though. Unless it was someone big like Spiderman. It amazing how release times of movies can affect each other.	Spiderman is very popular. The rights cost Sony $10 mill	They seem like a company who should make that much. They created a superhero for a 4 year old boy, just so he would be more comfortable about his hearing aids.	When one thinks about the definition of the universe, one must include space and its contents, but also the dimension of time.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001660	Hi, how are you? Are you ready for a fine chat today?	For sure. Do you watch the NFL at all?	The NFL? The National Football League? Yes, I've heard of it. Is it any good?	I think that the secret to cures might be found in the humble zebrafish and its stripey hide.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001661	Yeah I agree with you on that. Do you know what the average actual time of gameplay is for an average NFL game?	Something like 10 minutes, right? I think I heard that when they were talking about the chips in the shoulder pads of the players.	Yeah it's only 11 minutes of actual gameplay, the rest is spent calling plays and moving chains and stuff. Yeah I have heard about that too, very interesting.	That is a good book. This new movie is done very well, especially the young actress, Storm, who plays Meg.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001662	I don't know. I think their hands are a bit tied because there are not many options for Quarterback on the team.	I was hoping that the Giants would put him to play instead of Eli	I think they will. Eli is already 37 years old.	I know the average engineer actually make more over a lifetime than an nfl player. Thats crazy.me
DSTC10TOPICAL-001663	It was really good. A different type of marvel movie which was great	I like the comedy ones. i am not really into explosions and fight scenes. they get old.	That is a good point, seeing it once was good enough to like. It was so nice chatting with you!	While I am a fan of the franchise, I heard that it failed to gross more than 29million
DSTC10TOPICAL-001664	That is a lot. Did you know there is a town , where the Mayor is a cat?	I think that is in Alaska, right?	Yes, the town is Talkeetna, and the cat has been major since 1997	No, I've never heard of him to be honest.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001665	What kind of book is it?	I suppose it depends on who you ask. I believe that he believes it's spiritual but a critic called it cult like and creepy.	What do you think though?	I didnt see it. Want to though
DSTC10TOPICAL-001666	That was a good game. They started out as a playing card company. I didn't know they owned the Mariners.	No I didn't know that either. I also didn't know that they made a handheld system just for the game Pokemon back in 2001, I wonder what system that was	I never heard of that either. I wonder if it was only for the Japanese market? At the Mariners games, you can install an app for the 3DS to order food.	I like him a lot. I also like Patrick Stewart -- he teaches master drama classes in the UK.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001667	Hahaha I wonder. Do you know what the highest score in football is?	Yeah, that would be the Georgia Tech crushing of Cumberland, 222-0. Ouch!	I know I wonder how they felt after that	He's been pretty good! All time great! Do you have a favorite team?
DSTC10TOPICAL-001668	Yes, I do! I just hope it is not hosted by Jimmy Kimmel again. Do you plan on watching?	yes if i can remember the day. will you have a viewing party?	Usually just watch it by myself. What does a viewing party consist of exactly?	That's an amazing personal history not many people have, really incredible. Gal Gadot thought that day she auditioned that she was trying for Catwoman. That is sort of funny. SHes just that good.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001669	It's amazing how much technology is used in the NFL these days	Yes, I was reading about the chips that they're using in shoulder pads. I hope the data they gather that way will be used to prevent injuries.	And it's interesting how ESPN won an Emmy for that yellow line they created.	anyway, did you know Bellichick is the winningest coach in post season football, 21 wins!
DSTC10TOPICAL-001670	Do you watch the rest of the NFL? I do even though there is 11 minutes of actual action in a 3 hour broadcast.	I do, games tend to be really long and Im not convinced by that fact, games seem to last a lot longer, gameplay and all, I wonder if its actually true	Well the NFL tracks everything. They even have chips in shoulder pads and footballs for tracking so I am pretty sure they are accurate.	im not a lebron fan !!! im hoping something is a little wrong with him haha
DSTC10TOPICAL-001671	Yeah he is definitely very smart. I guess there is also a theory where there is just one electron in the whole universe as well.	hmm that is strange I haven't heard that, kim jong un has a degree in physics so maybe he knows haha	Holy cow, I didn't know that about him, very interesting.	Oh yeah. I think he makes quite a bit more in endorsments though
DSTC10TOPICAL-001672	Are you a fan of Tom Cruise?	I do like some of his movies.	Did you know Seinfeld is worth more than Tom Cruise and Tom Hanks combined?	I don't know if that would be tough or easy to do? lol
DSTC10TOPICAL-001673	Yeah I hope we get to see them in the field at some point	Yeah me too. THe gameplay is only 11 minutes anyways	Yes and yet we are glued to the tv for hours on end	So true! And no awards for that show since he seems to have a weird ability to not win any, deserved or not. Maybe working with Brad Pitt on Growing Pains jinxed him. Brad can't seem to do anything wrong.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001674	That's interesting! Will you be watching the Superbowl? I heard it's coming up	I hope the Eagles make it again. Hopefully they don't have to set up a court though	Ha. I don't usually watch football but will probably watch the Superbowl. The suspense is exciting.	No I do not but I guess it was part of the cirriculum in elementary education prior to 1963
DSTC10TOPICAL-001675	I do not really, are they good? Maybe I should check them out	Well there is a free website of them if you would like to check it out	Yeah that is nice. Did you know that there is a radio station that turns solar energy into tunes	Nice it sounds like a really fun hunt for Mickey items
DSTC10TOPICAL-001676	That seems unfair. A lot about football seems unfair. For example, New Orleans Saints cheerleaders can't eat in the same restaurant as any NFL player. If they are already dining at a restaurant and an NFL player comes in after,	That is so wrong and sexist, I cannot believe they still have that rule. Did you know ESPN won an Emmy once?	I believe it. ESPN has been around for a long time. They should have won at least once.	I did not see that one. That's a pretty bizarre rule.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001677	I bet they are regretting this choice and someone definetely got fired lol, It sure cost them billions.	The franchise itself is worth $65 billion.	I like that Star Wars explored the universe, although many things of the movie are fiction it made me wonder as a kid, you know that there are stars that are cold enough that can be touched with bare hands	ya you're right, cool that Nasa named Gattaca as the most accurate sci fi film
DSTC10TOPICAL-001678	That is interesting, it goes to show just how big the NFL has gotten since then.	I think engineers make more, as well.	Over the average career they do, I think it takes in account how long their careers are compared to pro sports players.	Yeah true. Do you know how long was the longest match in tennis?
DSTC10TOPICAL-001679	Good morning! Yes, I am. What about you?	I watch mostly college, but I tend to watch most during playoff time.	That's cool, I like NFL football.	That's crazy! Japan was able to take a rock sample off an asteroid and return it back to earth
DSTC10TOPICAL-001680	Yeah I recently just found that out. Would you say you're pretty religious?	You would think since there's only 11 minutes of live NFL gameplay, we'd at least have a female kicker by now, right? But I do like to read the Bible from time to time. What about you?	Right, I can't believe it's so short considering a game is like 3 hours long when watching it. I am not too religious but I do read the Bible from time to time	Agreed! I wonder if the same rule would apply if they had female football players. After all, there's no rules forbidding females from playing as long as they meet the eligibility requirements.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001681	I didn't know that. What did they win it for?	It was pretty strange but they got it for inventing the superimposed yellow line	Interesting! RB Former RB Benjarvus Green-Ellis never fumbled during his NFL career. That's pretty incredible.	Extremely sexist! !
DSTC10TOPICAL-001682	Right!! Are you interested in football history? I'm looking forward to the Super Bowl coming up. The original first NFL playoff game was way back in 1932.	That is wild, to be honest I kind of thought that playoff games happened earlier than that, I do know that the highest scoring football game was 222-0 although I don't remember what teams were playing	Wow. That must have been some boring game! The game today is so technologically involved. They even use tracking chips to monitor the ball speed, etc. and the players moves.	Wow, that is very impressive, sounds like he could go into any field that he wanted.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001683	Matt Patricia is a male lol, he is a rocket scientist and also a coach in the NFL	Wow, I feel a little embarrassed for not knowing that, first chance I get I will read upon him.	Patricia its a girls name so don't worry its an honest mistake, he must be a really smart guy though being a rocket scientist and all	not usually, did you know there are recipes for each nominee for best picture?
DSTC10TOPICAL-001684	New orleans saints cheerleaders are forbidden from eating in the same restaurant as any nfl player and if they are already dining at a restaurant and an nfl player comes in after, the cheerleaders are required to leave. Isn't this	Yeah, that's pretty crazy. The average lifetime earnings of an engineer is higher than the average lifetime earnings of an nfl player and an average mlb player.	Now that's suprising. I wonder how much would that be	Yes. Probably because of their longer careers I'm guessing. Former Patriots RB Benjarvus Green-Ellis never fumbled one time during his career. Amazing!
DSTC10TOPICAL-001685	Hi there, do you watch the NFL games?	The NFL? The National Football League? I've heard of it. Is that still around?	Yeah of course it is a big deal nowadays. Much bigger than in the 60 when Bowling was a bigger sport	Wow the players have tracking chips embedded in their shoulder pads. Thats going a bit far isn't it?
DSTC10TOPICAL-001686	Same here. The highest scoring game ever was 222-0! That must have been something to watch!	Either the winning team was just that good or the losing team was just that bad	Or both! Did you know in the NFL they only play for around 11 minutes per game?	Yes. I thought the first was the best  out of the 4 that I saw
DSTC10TOPICAL-001687	Well he is doing what it takes to stay at the top of his game at age 40	coupled with avocado ice cream as well.	Did you know that the visiting football teams is completely painted pink ?	It's great to watch with some beer. It's crazy Babe Ruth was caught stealing in game 7 of the 1926 world series
DSTC10TOPICAL-001688	A Mars colonization project planned for 2023 will be funded by creating a reality TV show.	What the heck, I wonder who will sign up for that show?	HAHA no idea!	Can you believe what Sony paid for the rights to Spider-man in 1998?
DSTC10TOPICAL-001689	Me too. Hopefully nothing wrong with Lebron	im not a lebron fan !!! im hoping something is a little wrong with him haha	whatever. Btw, do you watch football games this season	For sure, it is for calming their opponents, get the upper advantage, which is some psychology stuff.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001690	Google employees that need help could improve their knowledge by reading it.	Did you know robots can be controlled by using rat brains?	I heard that it's personality is changed depending on the brain they used.	Um sure. i like football. i dont get much chance to watch these days. You?
DSTC10TOPICAL-001691	Yes they do. I wonder how big they are.	Me too! Interesting that they live underwater too	seems like you can't escape bugs anywhere from the ocean to the sky	I'm not an avocado fan, other than guac, but it does sound interesting. Unlike Brady's "athlete's bible".
DSTC10TOPICAL-001692	He really does, he was drafted as a number one pick in 2005 too.	Do you go to football games? I've been to one once in my life at Indiana University.	Ive been to quite a few at Florida State, but no pro games. There is only 11 minutes of live action anyway	Oh I love reddit.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001693	That's great. Did you know that espn won an award.	Yes! It is so interesting to learn the history behind things such as the symbols representing first down lines in American football games.	I haven't heard about those. I do know they are going to add tracking chips in the padding of the players.	It is a good habit. Did you know that Apple became known as an apple because when translated into Latin, malus means apple and evil.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001694	I honestly can say I do not remember a science fiction film winning an Oscar for best picture. It usually ends up be some dramatic movie or something. Its possible they may have won before my time, but I don't	Yeah, what's you're favorite sci-fi film?	Off the top of my head I can't think of one. I love movies dealing with aliens and such though. I also enjoy when the sci fi has a little bit of a fear element to it. What is your	That's pretty cool. Did you know there is actually a superhero called "Normalman?"
DSTC10TOPICAL-001695	I am not positive, but I think the original 1977.	Yea that one is my favorite. It's crazy the entire Star Wars franchise is worth 65 billion	Wow yes, I remember it was one of the most popular and high rated movie that brought in millions.	Yea. They make ne not even want to watch anymore, its not even fun when they win no matter what in the super bowl. give us something different
DSTC10TOPICAL-001696	I hope so too. On another topic, do you know anything about the Bible?	I do actually. I know that is has sold over 5 billion copies now	That is a lot of books. I guess that is why is one of the most influential books in history	Either the winning team were that good or vice versa
DSTC10TOPICAL-001697	Hello, How are you? Do you like football?	Football? Yes, it is a great game! The world loves the football!	Yes, especially the US, the NFL. were you meaning the soccer game?	Interesting. Maybe the information isn't relayed in real time. It would be neat if there lights surrounding the end zone and when the chip broke the end zone the lights would flash or would be cheesy.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001698	Do you watch the NFL?	A little, you? I can't watch like i use to years ago so im not current.	Which of the 32 teams is your favorite?	I love it. Do you know some facts about it?
DSTC10TOPICAL-001699	I guess? They say Shakespeare's works take on a different meaning when performed with an era appropriate accent instead of a modern one. I think I'd like to watch and listen to one.	I would too. I wonder if he could play piano?	He may have, he seemed very talented. Can you play piano?	Really? I should check out what the cost of a Netflix subscription costs.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001700	I can't even imagine what it must have felt like to lose that badly. I think the game should have been stopped.	Yea that is a pretty appalling performance by Cumberland, there hasn't been a worse performance in over a 100 years	That's an interesting fact. What do you think about the team that painted the opposing teams locker room pink?	I do sometimes. Do you? Did you know that the company is over a 100 years old?
DSTC10TOPICAL-001701	It is 222-0 and it dates back to 1916 when Georgia Tech beat Cumberland	Yeah what a game really. Did you know ESPN won an Emmy once?	Yeah they won it for the superimposed yellow line and I am happy about that .	No, I have not heard about that! How old was he?
DSTC10TOPICAL-001702	222-0. I dont even see how that is possible. That one team must have been really bad.	Perhaps a combination of the winning team being just that good and the losing team being so bad	Ive seen some blow outs, but never by that much.	Yes it was for the superimposed yellow line. They deserve it very much
DSTC10TOPICAL-001703	I would think for sure Trump would be the wealthiest! Maybe Trump could make some pop albums while in office like the president in Indonesia did! haha, that would bring in more money! Then he could have concerts too! haha,	Maybe he can make it to the top 3 if he sold a decent amount of albums lol, it would be crazy and it is sure fun to imagine.	Wouldn't it! I wonder if the president ever goes to any Football games or goes to concerts, or rather have them come to him lol....I love concerts and have been to many but not any lately.	Caitlyn Jenner when she was an accomplished athlete but the rest? She's made over $53M so far for what? Society seems to have it's priorities wrong.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001704	Yeah and won an award for it.	Do you like baseball? A married couple scheduled all the games up until 2005. In fact they scheduled 2430 games.	That is a lot of time dedicated to baseball lol I hope they got paid! It is nice when couples have a hobby that they are so passionate about though.	Yeah i couldn't watch the super bowl it was pretty boring.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001705	They did not use a Bible at their swearing-in ceremonies. I think they swore on the Constitution.	It interesting how the work apple came about	That is an interesting coincidence. The word "malus" means both apple and evil. So Eve actually ate evil.	I just love that comedies generally have a happy ending. I love to smile and laugh.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001706	Wow. Do you like the nfl?	I sure do. Did you know Snoop Dog wrote a song for his son's team?	Cool. Did you know U of Iowa painted the visitor locker room pink?	I never knew that engineers on average make more than nfl players in a lifetime, I guess NFL careers are pretty short
DSTC10TOPICAL-001707	That is crazy, then why does it take 3 hours? Seems like it should move along faster.	They must be going from snap to whistle but that still seems way low.	I agree with that, it must be all the commercials	Agreed. I wish I could have seen Georgia Tech beat Cumberland 222-0 back in 1916. That's the highest score ever in a football game. I can't imagine what that was like to see it!
DSTC10TOPICAL-001708	Ya, I would say that from my experience that means that 40% of the music on a canadian radio is probably not very good haha	Right!! Are you interested in football history? I'm looking forward to the Super Bowl coming up. The original first NFL playoff game was way back in 1932.	That is wild, to be honest I kind of thought that playoff games happened earlier than that, I do know that the highest scoring football game was 222-0 although I don't remember what teams were playing	That is so bizarre to think that bowlers make more than football players! Especially with the Superbowl coming up on the first Sunday in February!
DSTC10TOPICAL-001709	Oh for sure! Do you like science at all?	I do like science, I think that scientists make big contributions to society, they make human kind better and smarter.	Well said! Did you know the NFL has a coach who was a rocket scientist?	He was a running back. He had a lot of carries too so that was amazing, it was so nice chatting with you!
DSTC10TOPICAL-001710	Yes I guess they also have longer careers to it adds up	True. Did you hear of that rule for Saints cheerleaders?	Yes they are not allowed to eat in the same place as the players	do you like the Avengers movies?
DSTC10TOPICAL-001711	You never know I guess, time will tell. Did you hear about them using tracking chips on the players while in the field?	I knew they track he balls, but they track players too?	Yes it is in their shoulder pads and they are tracking stuff like velocity and rotation and such	Wow what a huge contrast, well deserving though he is the man behind the success! Stan Lee created Iron Man because he thought no one would like him!
DSTC10TOPICAL-001712	Yes that was for the indian releases because they were afraid to insult them	Yeah. Do you like fiction work?	I do. Do you know who wrote the oldest example of a cyborg?	Pratt. I don't know. I know James Gunn wanted him so bad he was willing to use CGI to give him a fake six-pack.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001713	Um, no, I don't. I don't know much about football. There are many teams in many places and many players with many faces.	Yeah that is true. Do you know how many teams are there?	There are probably 2 or 3 dozen that are good at football. Good enough to be professional.	Hilarious! Do you like Michael Jackson?
DSTC10TOPICAL-001714	Yeah I think I have read about that rule, seems a bit outdated to me.	Yea, there is no way anyone would support that or they would be fighting for their rights	Agreed, did you know that there is NO rule on female players?	The Buffalo Bills are my favorite team, but I like watching others.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001715	I would imagine that the graphics were very different between the 3 different versions.	Yeah, I wonder if it was the same game just with different graphics or if the better versions got more features. That would've confused the heck outta me, having 3 versions of the same game.	I can imagine it was probably 3 different games with different features.	Yeah, cats are cool. Do you own one?
DSTC10TOPICAL-001716	yes, i dont really know golf and swimming well but they look like interesting activities.	Same here. I've heard that students at Cornell have to pass a basic swimming test before they can graduate.	i wonder where that came from. maybe other colleges require the same sort of things, i dunno.	Oh nice! Can you believe there is only 11 minutes of live gameplay during the game?
DSTC10TOPICAL-001717	yea that rule forbidding cheerleader from the same place as football players is outdated and sexist	I agree. Pretty funny that U of Iowa painted their visitor's locker room pink though	Yea, Iowa must be trying to psych out the visiting team with those pink locker rooms lol	oh good lord yes I have, a whopping 0% on rotten tomatoes!
DSTC10TOPICAL-001718	No I haven't. How much can stars make?	Some make more than 100,000 per weekend!	Wow, pretty cool. Seems like it would be good to break up the routine as well.	Is there a specific policy change sought, or do you think it's too complex for anyone to hope for a clear resolution?
DSTC10TOPICAL-001719	That would be scary. When you turn 100 in Japan, the PM sends you a silver cup to celebrate.	Do a lot of people turn a 100 in Japan?	Apparently they do. They will need to start making cheaper silver cups lol.	I would love to hear that in my car. Sometimes a good drama on the way to work may motivate me to work better for the day. Did you hear about being able to hear jupiters storms on am radio?
DSTC10TOPICAL-001720	I like to watch football, yeah, not my favorite sport but its nice	Yeah I watch it from time to time too. DO you like Tom Brady?	He is the QB for the Patriots right? I guess he is a great player, I watched the last Super bowl and he threw an amazing pass	You have a good night too!
DSTC10TOPICAL-001721	it does i only know that the super bowl is in the first week of February.	They only rest one of the 17 weeks of the season.	Yes it's called a bye week. apparently the patriots fans have their own creed called in bill we trust.	No, but I do read the bible quite a bit and try to memorized certain verses, What about you?
DSTC10TOPICAL-001722	I do sometimes. Did you know you can catch Jupiter's storms on am radio	Wow cool. Among the most popular radio acts in the 30s was a ventriloquist	Hmm interesting. Have you ever heard of foxhole radio and what they are?	Perhaps, although her first film role was in a sports movie.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001723	Oh I think I would have too haha. Maybe back when it was painted people cared less about football, like in the 1960s when even bowlers made more money.	Yeah I think that Bowlers made like twice as much as football stars actually, what do you think about ESPN winning an Emmy though? They want it back or creating the yellow line that you see in football for first	Oh I didn't know that! I think that's nice though, they certainly deserve recognition for it. I know Benjarvus Green-Ellis never fumbled the ball, I wonder if he got an award for it too.	That's really crazy. I wonder how much game time the 1916 game between Georgia tech and Cumberland had
DSTC10TOPICAL-001724	That is probably because they want to raise awareness of breast cancer. A lot of football players get breast cancer.	Maybe, I do not know the reason behind it. Bowlers seems made more money in the 60s than the football players	Bowlers probably were the ideal athletes back in the day and got respect for it. They never painted the lanes or the ball pink. Little breast cancer awareness.	Interesting, who is the voice actor?
DSTC10TOPICAL-001725	i loved the movie. did you watch it?	No, but I guess I better watch the DVD. Is it time for woman's equality among the superheroes?	yeah. it was the highest grossing superhero origin movie?	That I couldn't tell ya. I'd hope not, as that would be a bit creepy, IMHO.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001726	Hello. Do you use Google much? A single Google search is so powerful!	I love Google, it is the #1 search engine, how about you	Yes I love it too. I mention that it was a powerful search engine. A single search requires more computing power than it took to send Neil Armstrong to the moon.	rich people have their priorities. i could never afford to play golf, i think.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001727	Oh my gosh, you are a wealth of knowledge. I love it	Bugs sure are interesting, to think they can be found in almost every environment!	I imagine that there is a vast amount of species of insects and bugs. I never would've realized that there are even bugs in the ocean.	More than one what?
DSTC10TOPICAL-001728	I did not know that! I wonder how many have tried out for the NFL.	I don't think any have tried. It would have been big news.	Yeah. I wonder if it will ever happen.	That's an interesting fact. Do you enjoy football and the nfl?
DSTC10TOPICAL-001729	wow that is interesting. did you watch wonder woman?	I did, and it was a great movie! It's no wonder that it's the highest-grossing superhero movie	yeah and also the highest grossing WWI movie too	Absolutely. Talk about degrading as well. But they also use tracking chips in shoulder pads to record every player move on a field, so the league has some issues.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001730	Yeah, kissing is kind of a weird concept though when you think about it. There is a contest where writers try to come up with the worst possible opening sentence to a novel. I wonder what it is.	Hmm, coming up with the worse opening line in a novel actually sounds quite challenging	Yeah, I'm betting some of them are pretty funny.	I agree loved his Tom vs Tom documentary. Have you seen it?
DSTC10TOPICAL-001731	Hi there, do you watch the NFL?	Yes, I like to watch nfl games, do you like the games also?	Yes me too. Did you know the U of Iowa visitor locker room is pink?	Oh, ok. I guess the NFL is worried about losing footballs. I thought they were pretty easy to keep track of. The players need to be tracked? I guess they get around quite a bit, too.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001732	ahhh, sorry ;) I thought we're talking about a game where players use their feet to kick the ball :)	That'	That's football :)	It's a fun show. Short on drama, decent for comedy. And lots of cameos by other actors.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001733	They really did here we are almost 50 years later and it is still going strong!	That's my childhood! It shocks me to see that the value of the Star Wars franchise is $65 billion!	And that makes it only the 5th highest grossing media franchise. I wonder what beat it?	Do you know much about the Bible?
DSTC10TOPICAL-001734	They have certainly grown pretty fast. I love YouTube!	i do too! i also like google maps. Do you use that a lot?	For almost each trip I make when I don't know where it is, especially on out of town trips	Have you heard about Google duplex?
DSTC10TOPICAL-001735	well they stuck to it it seems. Did you know U of Iowa painted the visitor locker room pink?	I think that has something to do with the breast cancer awareness movement or something.	I am not sure actually. I hope that is the reason. Did you know bowlers made more money than football players in the 60s?	Do you golf in the Chicago area? There are probably some neat courses there. Although, they take up a lot of land space and require a lot of water.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001736	Did you know that New Orleans Saints cheerleaders cannot eat in the same restaurant as a Saints player? They have to leave the place if the player comes in.	I recently seen this somewhere, and thought was outrageous.	I think it is outrageous too because what if the cheerleader is with her family? Does that mean the cheerleader has to immediately stop eating and leave?	I think that the storylines get played out and there isnt enough to keep it going. they use sfx to pad out the plot.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001737	I didn't, but that makes sense. I think they got an Emmy for it! Aren't the Emmy's for TV shows? That's so weird.	To them it is still a show I guess. In 1916 georgia tech won 222 to zero	What?! That's crazy. And since an average game is only 11 minutes in actual live gameplay, that's especially insane!	Yes, that's reassuring! There's a library in California where you can borrow things like sewing machines that you might only use once. That's pretty cool!
DSTC10TOPICAL-001738	No, especially high school football. I find really boring. You?	Yeah I follow the NFL just a bit, but only my local team I would say.	I have to agree with the parents who don't want their children to play because of health concerns	Yeah that is quite interesting. Pink Floyd have a recording studio that is in a grand houseboat
DSTC10TOPICAL-001739	Women can play football? What does ESPN think of this? I suppose it doesn't effect their yellow line.	The game is really not that long, the average game is only 11 minutes of live gameplay	11 minutes is not that long a game, even for anyone to play!	No not really, my grandmother used to be really religious but Im not, I have read some verses of the sacred book though
DSTC10TOPICAL-001740	I agree. Do you know where the button down is?	Yes that is the collar tips fasten to the body of the shirt. ANd button down?	Button down is when they do not fasten to the shirt	WOw that is interesting for a radio. Do you listen to radio dramas?
DSTC10TOPICAL-001741	Yeah. DO you like the NFL?	I love it. Did you know women can play in the NFL too?	Yes as there is no rule that prevents them from playing	Ah didnt know. Nintendo owns the Seattle Mariners. I didn't know that, did you? That's nuts.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001742	Hi, I watch occasionally. Most big games like Super Bowl.	I didn't watch the Super Bowl this year. The Patriots won again, right?	Yes they did. The coach Belichick is the winningest coach in NFL postseason football with 21 wins. 20 of those with the Pats.	Yes they do! An average NFL game only has actually 11 minutes of gameplay.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001743	Brady has to come crashing down eventually, with Belichick.	Yeah I would say that run is about over. It was a good one though. They dominated for a long time.	They were fun to watch before they were always expected to win	I do not even know how many zeroes are in that number , to be honest
DSTC10TOPICAL-001744	That shows how quickly things can change. Most pro football players don't have long careers. I wonder how much they make compared to other professions over their lifetime.	Well, I also read that average lifetime earnings of an engineer is higher than the average lifetime earnings of an average NFL player.	That's pretty interesting. Do you read the bible much or are you not religious?	Do you like Drama tv shows or movies?
DSTC10TOPICAL-001745	Yea I am more of a dog person. Haha yeah I would agree with you. All they do is sleep. At the age of 15 , a cat will have spent 10 of those years sleeping. So boring! !	How do cats always have good things happen to them though? I mean the stray cat found on set that was then in the Godfather is probably living the good life.	Yes I bet he is. Must be that whole 9 lives business. They can just relive until they get good fortune. Also quite surprising there are 70 cat breeds, seems like a lot to me.	Baseball is america's national pastime but it is very popular in Japan also. Many of the Japanese love baseball.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001746	From personal experience, I can confirm that football is religion in the south.	You having southern experience, did you know the New Orleans cheerleaders are forbidden from eating at a restaurant that a player is in? That's crazy, almost as crazy as the Rams robbing the Saints from being in the Super Bowl.	Yes, and if the cheerleaders are eating and the players come in the restaurant, the cheerleaders have to leave.	Exactly! I wonder where the line ends too. I bet they have a similar rule for shoes, like you can't have shoes too dusty or something!
DSTC10TOPICAL-001747	Well, that is awesome, I guess he did get what he wanted.	I guess? They say Shakespeare's works take on a different meaning when performed with an era appropriate accent instead of a modern one. I think I'd like to watch and listen to one.	I would too. I wonder if he could play piano?	Ice hockey is very interesting, but they are playing very aggressive
DSTC10TOPICAL-001748	Yeah I know but they got it after all. Do you know who Benjarvus Green-Ellis is?	Never heard of him. Is he famous? What does he do?	yeah he is a former QB who never fumbled the ball in his career	Lol, Detective Comics comics, it is really redundant
DSTC10TOPICAL-001749	Oh wow, I guess they had a lot of money back then. did you know the guest house is larger than the white house?	haha I didn't know that seems odd, also odd is the president of Zimbabwe's name is President Banana haha	yeah I wonder if that means something else in their language though	I would encourage her to be a New Orleans cheerleader. That way she would not be allowed to eat with the football players.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001750	Oh interesting. House is awesome because of Hugh Laurie. Makes sense he makes 700,000 per episode.	that was so much money per episode. He made the show awesome for sure!	Yes no doubt about that. He is the highest paid actor for any tv drama!	You too, I think I'm gonna play some F-zero X, the first 60fps racing game
DSTC10TOPICAL-001751	I might look it up and tune in after this chat haha. How do you feel the president of the united states is doing?	I am surprised that he is not in the top 3 wealthiest presidents.	After inflation, I am surprised as well. He comes from a business background, so I was expecting him to be able to make much better decisions. It just goes to show you that politics are a much different beast than	Yes and he is the only player to have never fumbled the ball in his career
DSTC10TOPICAL-001752	Yeah pretty neat. THe game only has 11 minutes of active play after all	Yeah that is short and we are glued to the tv for so long watching the game	Exactly. Did you know engineers make more than them over their lifetime?	It's amazing that they can use technology to analyze the game so precisely. Can you imagine if there were chips in golf balls to measure all of those movement metrics?
DSTC10TOPICAL-001753	I have not. cold stars? i thought stars were hot.	I did too. But apparently there are stars in the known universe that are cold enough to be touched by the human hand.	i guess that could be interesting. i would rather mars. or the moon.	Wow, I think George Lucas' wife got an oscar for editing for the films
DSTC10TOPICAL-001754	I don't think I've seen any of those.	ok cool.	Have you watched any of them?	I would not want to see it! Maybe that's why no woman has met the requirements! Although, there is only 11 minutes worth of live play in a game.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001755	I don't know what year it was, just that they were the first team to win back to back World Series and they haven't won since.	The World Series is popular in the US, but not around the world. In fact, the women's world cup gets a bigger TV audience. Maybe if they allowed women in the MLB, things would change.	Yes, who knows!	Haha, I bet the division is way more than twice the amount now, too. It's much better to be an engineer, these days, though.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001756	I liked to play with my dad when I was younger, but don't keep much up with it now. I like football and other sports more. How about you?	I played more when I was younger and had more free time. I'm a bigger football fan. Did you know that the University of Iowa had their visitors locker room painted pink? Must have been to mess with opponents minds.	Yeah, but seems a little sexist, frankly. It's a pretty sexist industry of a whole, despite technically allowing women to play.	Could be, he considers football like his religion.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001757	Hi, how are you?	I'm doing good, how about yourself?	I am well, thanks! Do you watch the olympics?	yeah that is strange. do you know who plays wonder woman?
DSTC10TOPICAL-001758	At my age, I prefer to play baseball, but prefer to watch football. You?	I don't play either anymore haha although I'm not that old. I like to watch football a little bit more but they run during different seasons so I can watch both.	You know, back in the 1960s, bowlers would make more money than football players. Now that is a sport I cannot understand why people would watch rather than play.	I know some people take it too far. When you have fans it's amazing what you can sell to them. If Mr Brady sold avocado ice cream with his face on the front they'd think it was the best flavor ever.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001759	Hello, do you like the movie Batman?	I sure do. Do you know what is was originally based on?	I do not know what , what? There were also plans to build a gotham city theme park	absolutely, especially with Geoff Emerick as a sound engineer
DSTC10TOPICAL-001760	Hello, do you like Walt Disney?	I like Disney! How about you!	I do as well. Did you know Minnie Mouse's name is short for Minerva Mouse?	No i never saw that game. That is ridiculous they should have a mercy rule or something. Who was that?
DSTC10TOPICAL-001761	I sure do. How about yourself?	Me too. Did you know women can play in the NFL too?	Did not know there, are there limitations though?	Thanks you too! And yes Stanley is the man, even his wife did the voice of Madame web in the Spider-Man series back in 1994 which is cool
DSTC10TOPICAL-001762	I have never heard of that and I don't think I'll want to visit any time soon. I do want to watch a live football game some time though, have you ever been to one?	ya it was a long time ago, I personally only like games on tv, much cheaper and easier to see, I'm glad espn invented the yellow first down line on tv haha	Yeah and they even won an emmy or some type of award for it, I wonder what category that invention for that award falls under.	Why the Redskins though? Isn't that a name to mock the American Indians?
DSTC10TOPICAL-001763	Yeah I guess. Good for them for playing till the end. ESPN won an award once, an Emmy, do you know what for? It is related to football?	I heard about this, they won the emmy for creating the virtual yellow line on the field, right? !	Yeah that was it. Apparently bowlers made more money than football players back in the 60s	Yeah I still watch it on Netflix every now and then if I am bored, I have been re watching game of thrones as of late though.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001764	I am really not that into football but I do follow it some. I heard something funny one time. That the university of iowa's visiting locker room is painted completely pink	Yeah I wonder what the reasoning behind that was. Did you know women can play too?	Wow I didn't know that. I saw that an average nfl game has only 11 minutes of actual play time	I think I was a little too young. I remember seeing re-runs ... at least the title song and her scratchy voice.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001765	We always watch the Superbowl, will have a couple people over but nothing big. I am rooting for the Patriots though!	haha me too, do you like Michael Caine? I guess he only got into acting to chase cute girls haha	Haha, that's funny! He made the right choice to get into drama! I like Jim Carrey in Drama films but he won't do drama anymore. Love his comedy too though.	Yea I did not know that, but read it in Factual Section2
DSTC10TOPICAL-001766	Cool. Brady was a backup QB in high school and was never started	wow they wasted a good chance to win some games there	Yeah. Do you know Alex Smith completed college in two years?	I haven't seen it either, but I want to. I saw Deadpool described himself as Ryan Reynolds crossed with a sharpee.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001767	Maybe he can sell it for a profit later on, and use his celebrity status to up the price. Are you a fan of the Star Wars films?	yeah that is possible. that will still not be enough to lift the ban that the city of paris put on him	Paris banned Tom Cruise? Why?	Me too, I think the Marvel universe has great heroes and well movies has shown that to many.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001768	Somewhat, I know he's a rapper and was in Degrassi	Nice. He graduated high school at the age of 25 in 2012. He must have quit and went back?	I guess so, most people graduate college before 25, not high school like Drake	Yeah I think it has totally changed how people were able to watch and cheer, it makes so much of a difference.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001769	Yeah, all the miracles and resurrection. Up until 1963 the Bible was a required read in elementary education	Not surprising. I'm glad they took that out though. I don't think religion should be forced on kids.	Me too, it is a choice. The Biblical tower of Babel seem to be based on a real building that exists today	Since Nintendo owns the Mariners there;s even a 3DS app that allows you to order food direct to your seat. That would be awesome!
DSTC10TOPICAL-001770	I see. do you know that the highest score ever in a football game occurred in 1916, and the score was 222-0	Yes, I had heard that before! I wonder how much money football players made in that time. I heard that in the 1960s it was only half as much as popular bowlers of the time.	Yeah, that fact surprised me a lot.	No not at all. Do you enjoy the radio?
DSTC10TOPICAL-001771	What do you think about the dodo bird? I'm kind of sad that it is extinct but at least it is related to pigeons	I would love to of seen a real dodo, they look much cooler than pigeons	Yep I agree. It's crazy to me that bird bones are actually Hollow and weigh less than their feathers	I'm good, thanks for asking. Yes, I watch a little football. How about you?
DSTC10TOPICAL-001772	Yes, and that James Cameron decided to quit his truck driving job to enter the film industry after watching Star Wars?	Talk about a good career move that would pay off down the road! Marcia Lucas was the reason for some major changes to the original movie and won an academy award for editing the film.	Another fun fact that I learned is that there's a toy Hans Solo in every Firefly episode. I loved Firefly too!	Time to listen to my radio
DSTC10TOPICAL-001773	Yeah, that is pretty crazy. Did you know an iphone has more computing power than the entire US Nuclear ICBM deterrent.	Isn't that crazy? I didn't know that. Unicef will donate a day of clean water to a child in need for every minute you don't use your cell phone. Sign me up. lol	Interesting. Did you know that Jupiter has radio storms that can be heard on AM radio here?	That is odd! You would think that he would know the game inside out and be the best at it after all.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001774	That's a ton of animals! There is a lawyer in Switzerland who represents animals in court.	Power to the animals! Germany also protects them as they were the first country to universally give animals constitutional rights!	That's hilarious! There's a jellyfish that can live forever.	There is a time of reckoning among the teams, as told in the Book of Revelation. I expect that the NFL will have to come to terms with the truth as told.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001775	Wow he must have really liked comedy then and I guess he did pretty well so no regrets there	Exactly. Have you heard of bromantic comedies?	Hmm I am not sure what those are, are they a special kind of comedy?	Yes he thinks it was the aliens
DSTC10TOPICAL-001776	Wow that is amazing. Do you know who Brian May is?	Yes the lead guitarist of the Queen who is also a genius scientist	He sure is, with a degree in astrophysics and a PhD at that, that is impressive	It originally meant "doing something that is pretty much impossible". That's very interesting because it's certainly not quite how we use it now.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001777	Hello. Are you a fan of jazz?	I like to listen to it live	Neat! Jazz originated in New Orleans.	I've always wanted to visit there. Now I have a reason too! Well, nice chatting with you!
DSTC10TOPICAL-001778	Yeah seems like a really long time, 17 weeks, do you have a favorite team? mine is in the AFC division or American Football Conference	Nice I do not have a favorite team I just watch the games. DO you know who Benjarvus Green-Ellis is?	He used to play for the Patriots right? yeah I know who he is, why do you ask?	Yeah, you should give it a try, I wonder what surprises will bring this years awards!
DSTC10TOPICAL-001779	I find it unlikely. What is his new book about?	its basically his strategy for how he became successful, I think its worth a read, can't believe hes 40 and is tied for the superbowl record	That is pretty amazing. Are you a fan of football?	I think they almost certainly will. It happened in NASCAR when Danica Patrick joined. Then after they get used to it, it will gradually get to be a normal thing. They will adapt to it.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001780	Im not sure, but in 2005 they could have bought Facebook. I think they would be more relevant if they had taken them up on the offer.	Oh, for sure.	Now almost everyone I know who is 13 years older (and a few who lie about it) are on Facebook.	True. Did you hear of that rule for Saints cheerleaders?
DSTC10TOPICAL-001781	I am, I like college and NFL. What about you?	I am. Did you know the highest score was 222-0?	Yeah, didn't Georgia Tech beat Cumberland that bad?	I used to take care of pit bulls but now I just have a cat. Do you?
DSTC10TOPICAL-001782	Cheerleaders seem to distract players. It's best to avoid it	Don't you see this as a little sexist a rule that only the cheerleaders have to abide for ?	I think it's best not to have players distracted.	Wow that is pretty nuts - Disney World is a huge park! It is funny there is one character named Access who is owned by both Marvel and Dc who's only purpose is to keep the companies universes apart
DSTC10TOPICAL-001783	Well, I think it is radio storms that are so strong that they can be picked up and heard on the AM radio.	Interesting, have you heard them?	No, I've never heard anything like that. I did hear, though, that there's a website where you can listen to thousands of episodes of classic radio dramas for free although I never had the pleasure of doing so.	Hmm I am not sure, what is it?
DSTC10TOPICAL-001784	I don't know, I probably would check it out, for the sake of the game. Not sure I would enjoy as much. I think its too rough for women. But should be allowed to play.	Yeah I don't know how that would go, but they should be allowed if they are good enough, I'm an engineer and I guess I make more in my lifetime than an average NFL player makes, cool!	lol, really. Oh yeah, the average lifetime earning is higher than the average NFL player!	Yeah. It is tough because technology is ever evolving in sport and so the research is not there. I have to read a lot!
DSTC10TOPICAL-001785	Yeah he was pretty amazing. Apparently bowlers made more than football players back in the 60s	They did? well football want a popular sport back then, at least not as popular as it is now so it does make sense, I dont see a bowler making more money than a pro football player now	Yeah things have really changed now. On another topic, do you know much about the Bible?	Yeah true, unless they teach maybe?
DSTC10TOPICAL-001786	I love watching football too. Did you know the NFL has no written rule against females playing?	I always wondered that! why arent there any players you think?	I'm not too sure on that one. The average NFL game only has 11 minutes of live gameplay.	You too! !
DSTC10TOPICAL-001787	Oh I definitely didn't watch that! Everyone knows Babe Ruth though and he was once America's most popular golfer!	Wow. Didn't know that. Antarctica has a disc golf course	Oh that would be a cold course! A golf course in Dubai requires 4 million gallons of water!	Waymo... I don't think I've heard about that one... is there a difference between those two ? Of course they compete... huge money are involved ;)
DSTC10TOPICAL-001788	I listen to FM usually and yes, mystery can do some amazing things	I know. IN the AM radio you can get Jupiter's storms	WOw nice. The most popular act on the radio in the 30s was the ventriloquist	Oh, I see. Yeah, but I often hear about how football stars or athletes mismanage their money. You think if the females were to play they'd make comparable salaries?
DSTC10TOPICAL-001789	He has a nobel prize in literature.	Oh that is interesting since those are usually considered to be associated with peace.	yeah. I hear if you publish a book in Norway the government buys 1000 to donate to libraries.	I feel like so many sports stars start to go into business once they have wayyyyy too much money
DSTC10TOPICAL-001790	Yeah for the superimposed yellow line, pretty cool	It is for sure. Do you know much about the Bible?	Not a ton but I know that it has sold over 5 billion copies Wow	Hey there do you like the Seahawks by the way? I guess Richard Sherman is about to become a free agent
DSTC10TOPICAL-001791	Do you like watching football?	I love watching it! How about you?	I love it also! Do you have a favorite college and NFL team?	That sounds pretty convenient! Did you know Elmo was the only non human to testify before US congress? I wonder what that was like..
DSTC10TOPICAL-001792	I am sure it would be, would likely throw everyone off. I wonder how many there have been in history.	I am not sure. I know there was one famous deaf quarterback - the huddle was invented for him so the other teams could not read his signs	It is truly amazing what people come up with that they intend to just help them that turn out to be iconic.	Do you have knowledge of how Tom Brady eats, exercises and rests?
DSTC10TOPICAL-001793	I do. I am getting ready to watch the playoff games	for sure, who you rooting for? Saints?	Absolutely and the Patriots.	They've come a long way since 1932.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001794	Yes! Why on earth would that be a rule? Do you think its a superstition thing? Makes no sense.	It certainly does not. The worst part about it is that they have to leave mid meal if a player walks in. Weird	Yeah, that is odd to say the least. So, the NFL uses tracking chips on the players during the game?	I think it would be awesome to offer a stem class in the mechanics of space engineering. There are so many intricate things that people don't even know.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001795	Him among some others like green ellis	Benjarvus is a legend, the guy never fumbled the ball in his career	Indeed	True, that's alot of standing around time on the sidelines, for sure. You would think at least a kicker would be a female.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001796	I wonder if he likes jazz?	He might, jazz is a genre that has influence a lot of people so who knows, theres even a programming language that is influenced by jazz	It is seen as america's classical music. I love jazz.	NFL is very powerful. They have no competition.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001797	I do not know about the rules but it would be fair that they play too I guess. Did you hear about tracking chips on the players now?	I have heard. They are made probably by engineers that will make more money than the players who wear them will	Yeah, I would not be surprised. They track everything though from velocity to location and everything in between	Not really, not that I know of but there some cool characters like Cable and Colossus.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001798	He was in the league a long time. At least he gave the game everything he had	I didnt' think he was all that of a QB but his teammates really took to him right away	He was a true professional.	Maybe he didnt think his book had potential or was waiting to finish it, he died and then the piece of literature got discovered so its hard to tell now
DSTC10TOPICAL-001799	I'm not surprised. A lot of commercial. Just a lot. It's really annoying.	You are right about that. But I suppose women would be better off financially by entering the engineering field since engineers make more than the average lifetime earnings of both MLB and NFL players. Which is surprising to me!	I'm sure a lot of money go to TV, owners of teams, etc. Just not fair for players! Did you know that the highest score in a football game was 222-0. Can you believe?	Hi do you like football?
DSTC10TOPICAL-001800	Nice. The guy who played Jarvis in Iron Man has never seen the films	Cool. DO you know who is the waitress that Captain America saves in the Avengers movie?	I have no idea, is it someone we have seen elsewhere too?	I played GB back in the 90s. I wasn't the best platform, but many people had the games.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001801	So Thomas jefferson did not believe in miracles and the resurrection.	A lot of people don't. Maybe Brady should be given a copy of his bible.	Yes because the bible is the best selling book ever.	Speaking of voice work, the voice actor who played Jarvis in the Iron Man series has never actually seen the films.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001802	Well in 1972 Deep Purple broke the world record for loudest concert ever. Apparently some of the audience was rendered unconscious.	I can't even imagine how scary that must have been!	I wonder if it is due to the fact that they blew their ears out?	I can see why, as they have great games.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001803	I'm doing well! Are you a fan of football?	Yes I love football. Do you have sirius radio?	I did for a little bit but not anymore? Do you?	Not really much anymore. I definitely wouldn't if I lived in Canada since it is required to have at least 40% of the music played in Canadian.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001804	I love it. DO you know what color is the U of Iowa visitor locker room?	Yes it is pink but I wonder why that is	Me too. Bowlers made more than football players in the 60s	For sure, I just remember leaving the theatres thinking what an awesome movie! Who would have guessed what was to come after that. Do you know Paul Bettany?
DSTC10TOPICAL-001805	Cool. They definitely have done so many things that I hadn't realized either. I didn't realize they had tried several small niche businesses as well.	It is only the third most profitable company in Japan too. I wonder what the first two are.	Wow! I'd like to know as well considering Nintendo has such a large cash reserve that it could lose so much money and not bankrupt for a long while.	Yes it is so sexist and it needs to go by now
DSTC10TOPICAL-001806	The guy is the man. Can you guess his favorite ice cream kind?	I think it is avocado is it not? I mean it makes sense	It sure does , the guy is very health conscious and watches what he eats	I believe they got sworn in on the Constitution, because they felt it their duty to serve the nation.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001807	that is a good point, lol. Did you hear about the tracking chips they use in shoulder pads?	Something along those lines, it tracks there speed or something?	Yea it tracks all their movement and other data. pretty interesting! They must have been created by engineers making the big bucks	I definitely do not. I had to take medical terminology in college and there was a lot of that in there but that's the extent of my knowledge.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001808	Do you like football?	I like the NFL, but I think 16 games is not enough to build rivalries.	Yes, i completely agree! What do you think would be a good number of games for an NFL team to play in a season?	You too... thanks!
DSTC10TOPICAL-001809	I see, well I don't know much about soccer but I am interested in odd facts about sports. Did you know there is a college football team that has painted their visiting teams locker pink?	I would guess that has something to do with breast cancer awareness. I know that many football players suffer from breast cancer in the later years.	I never thought of it that way, that's an interesting perspective. Tell me why you like soccer.	I guess they're hoping it will make the other team feel silly while they're getting ready to play.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001810	I mean a man used the library to prove his innocence and become a lawyer while falsely imprisoned	How great is that! So important. The library of Alexandria had a unique way of gathering books by making all ships visiting surrender their books for copy .	They must have had a impressive collection	The players need to be watched carefully. I figure it could help prevent injury.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001811	I know that the russians built a computer powered by water back in 1930s.	I wonder how that worked? They must have used the water to generate a power source. I didn't even know they had computers back then. lol	There were mechanical computers before that. computers are an old idea. someone built one in minecraft even!	Yes! I love that he wants to know why we're here and what our purpose is!
DSTC10TOPICAL-001812	Hello! Did you know professional ballet dancers can go through 4 pairs of shoes in a week?	That is a lot of shoes and money too. There are 17 ways to tie your shoes too	And I only know one way! 5000 year old shoes perform better than modern shoes. Go figure.	There's no way. I didn't realize you only have to be 13 to have an account
DSTC10TOPICAL-001813	I love superhero movies. I loved the batman trilogy. How about you?	I do! I watch them with my kids, they are in love with Batman haha	That is great! I like superman too, especially in films, did you like the new justice league movie?	Very true. I bet they have made clothes, it would be a huge market just to sell Tee shirts or even polo shirts like they wear in tennis.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001814	I know that it has sold over 5 billion copies. Amazing record there	Yes and that is exactly why it is known as one of the most influential books in the world	Yup. Did you know Jefferson created his own version of the Bible?	I agree! And semi-related, I've heard that the University of Iowa's locker room for visiting football teams is completely painted pink!
DSTC10TOPICAL-001815	I agree. Bowlers probably don't make a whole lot these days.	No not these days, but I still think it would be pretty sweet to make a living throwing those balls around, lots of women too lol.	That would be pretty awesome. Gotta love the attention too. lol	Hmm good questions, I am not sure actually, why is that?
DSTC10TOPICAL-001816	Yeah exactly. Have you ever been to that football stadium in Texas that can seat 18 000 people?	No I never been to Texas yet but that's pretty crazy	Yeah it is right? And it cost $60 million and on top of all , it is just a high school stadium	Hmm interesting. Have you ever heard of foxhole radio and what they are?
DSTC10TOPICAL-001817	I read an article about it. I cannot imagine a football game without the yellow line.	yeah that definitely helps. I saw that former patriots RB Benjarvus Green-Ellis has never fumbled the football in his nfl career	Yes, isn't that amazing? I do not know any other football players who have never fumbled the football.	Most adults even have library cards!
DSTC10TOPICAL-001818	Wow that's impressive! Also impressive is the one Patriots player who has never dropped the ball, I think his name is BenJarvus Green-Ellis	That's amazing. Also amazing is QB Brad Johnson who threw a TD to himself in a Superbowl.	Yes I want to watch that score! It sounds incredible what do you think about a deaf quarterback creating the circular huddle?	true, kinda like fantasy Congress where players draft members of congress and get points for legislative success. kinda nerdy if you ask me though.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001819	Not everyone does though. Burger King had a promotions that you got a free whopper if you unfriend 10 people. I wonder what inspired that.	I think that Burger King was just looking for media attention which they got.	I imagine that Myspace regrets turning down and offer to buy Facebook for $75 million.	yes because of the ew factor when we found out they were siblings lol
DSTC10TOPICAL-001820	Yes I do. I watched college and NFL football games.	Who is your favorite NFL team?	49ers since I used to live in the Bay area. I lived there for 30 years.	That's pretty cool. Did you know the man who assassinated Abraham Lincoln was named after the man who assassinated Julius Caesar?
DSTC10TOPICAL-001821	I guess not everyone makes it big. I hope a lady makes it big someday. It can be difficult with gender roles especially when on the NFL Saints team cheerleaders must leave a restaurant if another NFL player walks into	That's ridiculous! I see a lot of sports posts on facebook. I can't believe the site is 15 years old already!	If Myspace had been smart they would have bought facebook for $75 million that they were offered in 2005!	Hi do you like movies?
DSTC10TOPICAL-001822	Did you know that Disney owns ABC as well as ESPN?	I did. Do you watch football?	Yes I do, I am a contributor to the number one ranking for viewership of Sunday Night Football. Do you?	hi how are you? are you a fan of bill shakespeare?
DSTC10TOPICAL-001823	17 weeks if im not mistaken. then the playoffs	Yes you are right. Do you know the highest score ever in a football game?	Wow not sure i would imagine it's pretty high. Was it a college or professional game?	I bet they do. They are probably made by engineers who make more money than players in their lifetime
DSTC10TOPICAL-001824	Hello, do you watch the NFL?	Hi! I do! I'm shocked that out of the whole 3 hours of game on tv only 11 minutes is actually live gameplay!	Yeah that is pretty crazy. DO you have a favorite player or team?	It's really interesting that radio waves also occur naturally.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001825	I guess not. I do find it interesting that malus in latin means both apple and evil. That would makes things a little confusing in the bible.	Yeah I think so too. Did you know that people think that the Tower of Babel might actually still exist?	Yea, I guess it is the etemenanki in modern day Iraq.	I did not know that 14 of the 25 largest stadium belong to college football
DSTC10TOPICAL-001826	My son is not into sport, were he I'd have serious reservations about him playing football for that reason. I know there the fame that can go with it but an engineer is going to make more money than most	Yeah, and they have better working conditions, less injuries, it is a quite violent sport.	I understand that there are no rules against women playing in the NFL, difficult to see it happening.	That is pretty scary. It makes sense though because there is so much pressure.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001827	Yeah that is pretty short, crazy. Do you know what the highest score in a game was?	no I am not sure. I read that the average lifetime earnings of an engineer is more than nfl player	Yeah I guess that makes sense since engineers work longer. The game score was 222-0	I just assumed the astronauts were all career fighter pilots before the Space Shuttle opened things up to a wider variety of people.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001828	Hi. Do you like sports?	Hi, I do like football as in NFL football, although I am a fan of association football as well.	Me too. I like the NFL but I do also watch other leagues of football as well on occasion. Did you hear that Winston Churchill High is doing very well?	Hi are you a fan of pianos?
DSTC10TOPICAL-001829	Hi, do you like literature?	Somewhat. I know that the FDA burned 6 tons of it in an act of censorship.	That's pretty crazy. I saw there is an annual literature contest that challenges writers to come up with the worst possible opening sentence to a novel.	thats great! LOL. the tracking chips. can they track players off the field to make sure they dont go to the same restaurants as cheerleaders?
DSTC10TOPICAL-001830	I have read parts of it. I dont read it very often and I have never read it word for word.	I think that it is a very popular book. Many people have read it and tried to understand its secrets.	I dont know. I dont always take it really literally. I mainly use it as a good set of rules to live by to be a good person.	Exactly I totally agree with that. We are free to decide what we choose.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001831	Marcia Lucas did a great job making changes to George's original scripts and made the movies better	Yes you are right, I wasn't familiar with Marcia Lucas as I was with George Lucas.	I wonder how much money she made since George got to keep the licensing and merchandising rights of Star Wars	Yeah, the president's power to start wars is really scary. And there should be safeguards on the nuclear football too IMO.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001832	it doesn't list his average, it just says he hasn't been in a single movie with a fresh rating	oh man, thats sad for him. I like his movies usually	i don't recall too many of his movies, i've seen a couple and they are alright. i did like him in that 70s show!	Can you believe there is only 11 minutes of live gameplay during a game?
DSTC10TOPICAL-001833	He's the guy that fumbled every ball he ever touched.	Yeah what a career for him. Did you know NFL is sing tracking chips on the players now?	The NFL is singing tracking chips? I did not know that.	I guess football wasnt very popular back then lol
DSTC10TOPICAL-001834	Yeah the really sexist rule? it sounds really unfair, that rule should be banned and the cheerleaders should sue the team for that	I think so too. The worst part in my opinion is the fact that they have to leave mid meal if players walk in	Thats a terrible rule, I hope they change it in the near future, its humiliating actually,	The rights to a lot of those characters seems confusing. Disney does not own the rights to show "big" marvel characters  in theme parks east of the Mississippi
DSTC10TOPICAL-001835	Yeah, same here. Roosevelt and Quincy did not believe in it much either so they did not use it when they swore in	I don't think it should ever be used. How about you?	Yeah I agree, religion is a preference. Going back to football, did you know there are only 1 minutes of active game play in it?	They should to also check how their equipment is working. As athletes get bigger and faster they will need to adjust the equipment.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001836	No but I did see a video of Kayne giving his mic to a fan in a wheel chair before	That was pretty cool of him to do that. Sometimes he has some different views on things. Like for example he believes that aids is a man-made disease.	Maybe Big Sean can explain that to him since he had a 3.7 gpa before signing with Kayne	No I don't, I have cable, mostly to watch and record live sports programs. I do find myself still flipping through channels sometimes though. I found this awesome 2 hr program about the beginnings of the American circus which was awesome!
DSTC10TOPICAL-001837	Yes, I do. And, I believe that the Bible is an intricate inspiration from God to us humans here on earth. How about you, do you believe it's really from God?	I do not know. I have not read the Bible. I know that the person that wrote it probably made money on it.	I'm not sure about that but everyone has the choice to believe whatever they want to believe. All I know is that it's estimated that it has sold over 5 billion copies and is the best-selling book every written.	yea, Im 35 right now... I couldn't imagine sleeping 12 years of that. No wonder cats are considered lazy lol
DSTC10TOPICAL-001838	I would love to hear that and the style they use! Do you think Abe Lincoln liked jazz?	I don't know, he did have a high pitch voice	So he would have liked other music, I never knew that. I know he was in the wrestling hall of fame, that is a good honor	i love music. what kind of music do you like?
DSTC10TOPICAL-001839	Actually if you turn it to am you can catch Jupiter's storms	Those are some strong storms! Considering how many artists are from Canada, I wouldn't mind tuning into stations that have to play at least 40% Canadian music by law	Yes very true. do you know how soldiers used to make radios during WWII?	Oh sure it is avocado and I am not surprised he eats very healthy all the time
DSTC10TOPICAL-001840	Do you like football?	I do. I played in HS and I'm a Chiefs fan... I actually like college better than the NFL.	Nice. I'm not too into football, I guess because each game has only on average 11 minutes of live gameplay.	Do you know who Tom Brady is? he sure has an interesting way to see the sport.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001841	I know that has certainly changed. And even now though engineers make more money over their lifetime.	Georgia tech beat Cumberland 222-0 back in 1916. What color do you think their visiting locker was?	Well, maybe it was something worse than pink. That is a huge defeat, wow. Did you hear about that strange rule for the New Orleans cheerleaders?	I don't even know who he is. Or if he should be weighing in on this
DSTC10TOPICAL-001842	Yeah and they have to leave mid meal. That rule is sexist and has to go	Agreed on that. Do you know much about the Bible?	I know that is it one of the most influential books and has sold over 5 billion copies	I haven't, I think a lot of people haven't seen it is because it's broadcasted on Facebook Watch, do you use that feature of Facebook?
DSTC10TOPICAL-001843	Hi, how are you?	Good, and you? I haven't seen any superhero movies in a long time, but I think I saw a brief portion of Iron Man once on a TV that was going at my job.	Really! I feel like all the movies coming out now, like 25% are super hero movies. Do you not enjoy them?	The tech for viewing planets has had benefits in other areas. A critical step in creation of wi-fi was a byproduct of research into improving astronomy
DSTC10TOPICAL-001844	If you want a job that makes more in a lifetime than an average nfl player or mlb player you can become an engineer	I saw that, it is probably because there a bunch of players that last only a year or so. I'm not surprised, engineers make a lot of money.	If you were a bowler in the 1960's you could have made twice as much as top football stars too.	I am probably more interested in all the innovation like World War II soldiers were able to construct a working radio with just a pencil and switchblade.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001845	That is pretty neat. I bet it is pretty diverse.	Yeah. They must have comics from all over the world	Probably a lot of older comics too. That would be neat to see the development of comics.	You mean he has never even seen the films right? I heard that.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001846	Yes I agree. I would like to know more about that. Up until 1805 the runner up automatically became the vice president. Kind of makes sense but it would never work now!	NO it would not. The parties hate each other too much for that to ever work	I wish they didn't. Just so much more productive to work together. I wonder who has stayed in the presidents guest house? It is actually bigger than the White House.	Morena Baccarin from deadpool is gideon's voice in flash
DSTC10TOPICAL-001847	He could have had some unusual moves. LOL	The ability to moon walk!	Or to lean way back or forward. LOL	Possibly. The Bible has been used by many people for many things, not all of them good. The book is not the laiety.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001848	Oh that is interesting since those are usually considered to be associated with peace.	yeah. I hear if you publish a book in Norway the government buys 1000 to donate to libraries.	That sounds pretty generous!	Yea that's pretty amazing, it takes a lot of talent to make a depressing poem inspiring when read backwards
DSTC10TOPICAL-001849	If you fly to mars under constant 1g acceleration it will only take 2 or 3 days. I thought it took a lot longer.	Me too! Movies make them seem longer, but they might be going much much slower for airtime lol.	That is true. Have you heard about the lost satellite on mars?	I did not know that! Good chatting with you!
DSTC10TOPICAL-001850	Bye!	The president is the title given to the head of the government.	That's true I think it's called different things in different places though right?	That's crazy! Did they just not have enough time to shoot? I think that's by Tomas Alfredson, no? He's had some decent movies before
DSTC10TOPICAL-001851	I'm doing good too. Glad it's Friday. I watch both baseball and football. What about you?	Me too, but I guess in my childhood and college years I was watching much often. I didn't know that 14 of the world's 25 largest stadiums belong to American college football teams. Did you know that?	I did not know that. The University of Iowa's lock room for visiting teams is painted in all pink.	Yeah i get that but give me the 10-15 and i'm out not the 40-50, you know! So do you know how long a regular season last?
DSTC10TOPICAL-001852	Yes as long as they meet the league's eligibility requirements they can play! I would like to see a girl play.	They cannot eat in the same place as the players, at least the Saints cheerleaders.	That is a weird rule. How did they enforce the rules of the cheerleaders being required to leave?	The film I felt he really earned an Oscar for was Jerry Maguire. So memorable. Do you agree?
DSTC10TOPICAL-001853	Who isn't?	I think some of the newer movies are redundant to be honest.	Really? Like which ones?	This weekend. My favorite team, the Raven's, plan on Sunday.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001854	Yeah and they have cancelled 100 shows since they came to be in 1989	I guess that is not a lot considering how long they have been around	That is true actually. Do you know the programming language Python?	12 is his number that he wears for the Patriots.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001855	I mean I don't think kids should play past midnight but to make it a law is ridiculous	Yeah, that is pretty absurd. Did you know nintendo produced a lego knock off?	No, I did know they made playing cards though	Speaking of superheros and all that.. did you know that Stan Lee (RIP) wrote 15 DC comics? I never knew he'd ever written for DC...
DSTC10TOPICAL-001856	Nice, that's what I do. Did you know there is only 11 minutes of gameplay per game?	Wow, it seems like a lot more but it is a pretty slow game. That sounds like an awfully small amount of time. Kinda like it's hard to believe that an engineer makes more money in their lifetime than an	Yeah, for sure, they stand around a real lot.	That's incredible how they do that with the chips. They also have them in the footballs to track velocity, etc.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001857	Fans also felt though that in previous movies Hawkeye has not been given justice.	True, I heard that too. I can't say because I havent seen the movie. But I do enjoy the Marvel Comic films.	Yeah, I like the Marvel Comics series that they have on Netflix.	Thats awesome! There are so few female directors!
DSTC10TOPICAL-001858	Hi. How are you?	I'm doing well how are you! ?	I am good too.	It really has. I have not followed it much but there are at least 1/2 dozen movies. its amazing Sony rejected buying the rights from Marvel for 25 million. They really missed an opportunity of a lifetime!
DSTC10TOPICAL-001859	What? That is a strange fact. I guess she had a chance to do the voice work. She is a celebrity, after all.	Did you ever play tennis? serena has been playing since she was 13, which is about when I started playing, but she's obviously way better LOL	I assumed that she started sooner. She must have picked it up quick. I didn't real play. Anyway, great chat! Thanks!	Seems creepy to me. Big brother watching your every step...
DSTC10TOPICAL-001860	I have a passing knowledge of football and watch it occasionally as well	What teams do you like	I like the new England patriots. They are like the Lannisters of football	Yeah, well the average NFL player makes less than an engineer over the course of their life.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001861	Hi! Yes, I really enjoy watching football, both collegiate and professional. Do you?	Yes, me too. I didn't know that the highest score in a football was 222-0 and it happened in 1916. Did you know that?	That's insane! Either the team was really good or the other team was really good. Or maybe they were on strike about their pay since it seems like they don't make a lot.	Lol. But ya I hope they use it to lower the rate of physical injuries and concussions.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001862	If I were on the losing side I think I would have given up playing. Maybe they could have turned to the bible.	Maybe. At least Cumberland probably didn't have a pink locker room like that of U. of Iowa. In 1916, they probably didn't have a locker room at all.	I don't think they went in for those silly games back then, probably more respectful to the other team.	Wow, I didn't know that either. It was great talking to you!
DSTC10TOPICAL-001863	Hi there, do you watch the NFL?	Hi! Yes I do sometimes. What's your favorite team?	I think the Patriots, I like them best. One of their former QB never fumbled a ball in his career. How about you?	That's cool I didn't know they were on Netflix.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001864	Hello, are you by any chance a fan of the New England Patriots football team?	I know some about them. Mostly stuff about Tom Brady	Great. What do you think of his record as a QB?	No, how?
DSTC10TOPICAL-001865	That's interesting, and kind of interesting thing NOT to do regularly.	I don't know how many Navajo fans there are. George never won an Oscar though.	that's sad considering how amazing his movies were	Wow! There is also a website where you can listen to thousands upon thousands of classical radio dramas. All for free!
DSTC10TOPICAL-001866	Yes, she is a talented actress. I bet she did a great job. Anyway, thanks for the chat.	It has a solid cast overall. Hope you get to catch it some time.	Have a good day! Talk to you soon, Im sure.	I agree. It dose not flow very well
DSTC10TOPICAL-001867	I'm sure if they do they will have tracking chips on their shoulder pads like they do now so they can record every move on the field.	That seems bit invasive but I guess all kinds of stats are taken out of those chips	Yes. They even have chips in the footballs to track velocity, etc. Getting a little too technical I think for a sport.	Yes he does have a lot of great qualities. I saw an interview where someone attempted to speak Portugese to him that did not speak it naturally. He chastised the other reporters for making fun of that person's attempt.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001868	Hello, do you like Disney?	Yes, I do like Disney. They have done many great films and have some great theme parks.	Do you know the original Disney is in California and not Florida?	Apparently people fantasy draft it too!
DSTC10TOPICAL-001869	Hi. Do you watch football?	yes well I did watch the superbowl but I don't watch it regularly no, what about you	Sometimes, but not every week. I would get bored watching for 17 weeks straight during the regular season and then the playoffs and Super Bowl.	I would have taken 5%! Can you imaine being that rich? I bet he's not doing HITs.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001870	Right. Did you know the guest house is larger than the white house	Yeah that is pretty cool, they must get a lot of people there so maybe that is why	Yeah. Have you heard the president of Indonesia is a pop star?	Yea, the ending to Return of the Jedi was good but I found the other parts boring
DSTC10TOPICAL-001871	That was the culture then. People loved bowling. Oh, I was born at the wrong time.	Yeah it seems it was the case back then. DO you know what the highest score in college football is?	The highest score means little to me unless I could win money. What was it though?	I know, that is really impressive! I bet only a few players have accomplished that, maybe he is the only one, did you know that ESPN won an emmy because of the creation of the first down line
DSTC10TOPICAL-001872	I'm not sure. Who was it?	It was Georgia tech who scored 222 against Cumberland 0	Holy smokes! I bet that was a long game for Cumberland. In the 1960's bowlers made twice as much as the top football stars.	Hey, I'm doing good. How are you? Do you watch any sport like football or baseball?
DSTC10TOPICAL-001873	hi there, do you watch the NFL?	I sure do. Do you have a favorite team or player?	I sure do. I love the Patriot and Tom is amazing. Do you have one?	yes they are! Geez... wreck it ralph development started back in the 80s
DSTC10TOPICAL-001874	Yeah I think the highest paid people in most states are college coaches.	Not sure how I feel about that. I have to send two kids through college one day, with the high cost of college I'm not sure I want a portion going to the football coach.	Yeah its pretty crazy to me just how much it costs to attend college these days.	Yes! I love lego even though my last set came with a defective piece. The odds are so slim since only 18 out of every million are defective.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001875	Absolutely. It's the next on my list.	Have you watched any of the other Marvel movies?	I'm not normally much of a comics or superhero person. Have you?	Yeah Bret was something else. Still they didn't have any one like Benjarvus who never fumbled the ball his entire career.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001876	Interesting, have you ever seen house?	I have seen it, great drama tv series	Apparently Hugh Laurie was making $700k an episode! !	It cannot. Then everyone would do it if it did. The pink is cute but useless.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001877	I bet you they do it for both. They need to track lots of stats like velocity and rotation and such and they will likely need the averages of those	We live in amazing times. I can see where that would be useful. If a running back is getting tire during the game they know right away	Yeah we sure do. Did you know women can play too in the NFL?	I figure they would let that Jefferson one in the schools. Too bad.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001878	There are a lot who play on high school teams, so if they meet the requirements, why not?	Yeah, but the average earning potential salary of an engineer is higher	lol Bowlers in the 60's made more than football players. THAT is hilarious.	He probably has enough money to do whatever he wants
DSTC10TOPICAL-001879	True, I guess we'll never know. It was great talking with you though, have a good one!	It was nice chatting with you too.	You as well, I hope you have a good rest of the evening, I'll try not to think about the depths of space that much !	Same here,  I am going to be looking at ingredients all the time now! Who thought it was a good idea to use crushed bugs in our food and why did it get approved, ugh
DSTC10TOPICAL-001880	I watched the series, but didn't play the game. Do you know Nintendo is over 100 years old?	I didnt know its over 100 years old, I wonder how the games from that time look like.	Well, they started out as a playing card company.	I have read the Bible and have not found the answers to the questions that I had about football.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001881	You would think! I heard even 1960's top bowlers made twice as much as football stars!	I believe that. Bowling was a big sport back in the day. Football players didnt have the players union back then so they didnt make nearly what they deserved. I would say now it is a little over the top	I agree. Especially if you are like the patriots benjarvus green-ellis who never even fumbled one game in his nfl career.	Yeah I don't think you are alone there. I guess the symbols and written script in the movie were based on actual script dating back to the 4th century!
DSTC10TOPICAL-001882	That would be Jupiter's moon? I wonder if Jupiter is one of the five planets visible to the naked eye.	I would guess from it size it is	The planet Venus is the only planet that rotates clockwise and has no seasons. That seems boring.	Hi
DSTC10TOPICAL-001883	I've been a bigger fan in the past. I was a Caps fan growing up.	I am a Caps fan too! Do you know how much a player loses weight per game?	Like 8 pounds. I assume that's mostly sweat.	I like college ball better. It probably has 16 minutes with 40 percent more plays. Nice chatting!
DSTC10TOPICAL-001884	Yes it is, so that much mean that he was thinking about this movie for 11 years?	That is impressive. That makes a great actor.	Yes it does, are you a fan of comic books, if you are, how many books do you have?	Yeah, Leo is great. I hear he was in that sitcom called Growing Pains but I didn't catch it. What's Eating Gilbert Grape was a good one he was in, too.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001885	No I don't but curious	I never have either, do you / did you play any of the sports we talked about?	I have always been a soccer person	Most women have better things to do with their time than play a game, it is lucritive though, amazing how times change, in the 1960's top bowlers made more than football players.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001886	300 of them? that sounds impressive and too bad, maybe his manuscript is really good, he could have been a rich man,	Oh for sure! Do you like science at all?	I do like science, I think that scientists make big contributions to society, they make human kind better and smarter.	ya he did, and he also gave a speech, got shot in the chest, and then continued giving the speech haha
DSTC10TOPICAL-001887	It amazes me that a hockey player was once traded for a dollar	He must have been worth less than that to the trading team. Maybe they were paying him too much already. Do you play hockey?	I do not, but many Canadians do, since both hockey and lacrosse are their national sport.	I've never heard about that ! Good for ESPN ;) Hey, it was really nice chatting with You !
DSTC10TOPICAL-001888	Wow. I never knew that.	Yah, did you know the other word for telephone is a phone?	Yes. I knew that one.	Haha, not sure. It's interesting how much Americans love football now. In the 60s top bowlers made twice as much as top football stars.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001889	Yeah I know he has won a few games there. Did you know he was picked 19th back in the 2000 NFL draft?	I did not! He's been around for a while, I'm surprised he hasn't retired yet. His history as a football player is impressive. Been to the super bowl 8 times with the patriots.	Yeah he sure has, I don't think he will retire for at least two more seasons.	Yes I do and unfortunately the Chiefs are playing The Pat's this sunday!
DSTC10TOPICAL-001890	No I never been to Texas yet but that's pretty crazy	Yeah it is right? And it cost $60 million and on top of all , it is just a high school stadium	They do love football in Texas, too bad they don't care as much about education, an average engineer makes more in a lifetime than the average NFL player	I didn't know that. Yikes. I had fun chatting with you today! Hope the rest of your day is great!
DSTC10TOPICAL-001891	That is something. the lost 222-0. That is crazy !	What is wrong is how the cheerleaders cant eat with the players	Yeah the have to leave when they come in. I will research why	I heard that! I also heard they have a dung smearing scene that's been left out of those dinosaur movies. I can't say it was a mistake...
DSTC10TOPICAL-001892	Yeah I guess the career of a football player does not last that long so they do not have much time to make money	True, I did not think about that, do you know how we are able to learn about interesting statistics like ball speed. ball rotation and players performance?	Yeah that is actually pretty cool, they are using tracking chips on the shoulder pads of the players now.	Actually, I haven't but I have read the original novel by Madeleine L'Engle way back when I was in elementary school.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001893	Hello! Do you like Football?	I do. Do you?	Of course! What's your favorite team. Mine is the New England Patriots, the Lannisters of the NFL!	I think that it is a very popular book. Many people have read it and tried to understand its secrets.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001894	Maybe they can even see how long games are since they think only about 11 minutes are live gameplay!	No kidding, right? I mean, these engineers already make more than the average lifetime earnings of both MLB and NFL players, so they should step their game up... even though they are doing a phenomenal job now.	That stat actually surprises me with how much football players work! Did you know that in the 60s even top bowlers made more than football players? !	It was. It was a running back by the name of Benjarvus Green Ellis.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001895	Yes thats really something	Any other movies, books, or shows that you are into?	I liked the lost series on tv	I love Tom Brady, his the best player of the NFL histoy in my opinion
DSTC10TOPICAL-001896	But even today, NFL players don't make as much on average as I would think. Engineers earn more over a lifetime.	Yes, and it's interesting to consider the lifetime career of a football player. Some use their background to transition to other fields such as coaching, or use the income to start a new career after they retire. Sadly, others suffer	It's amazing how much technology is used in the NFL these days	Yeah. The playoffs were nerve wrecking to me due to fumbles and such. Did you know there is a player who never fumbled the ball his whole career?
DSTC10TOPICAL-001897	That is impressive. That makes a great actor.	Yes it does, are you a fan of comic books, if you are, how many books do you have?	I am not. But appears that their is a lot of money in the industry.	True, I heard that too. I can't say because I havent seen the movie. But I do enjoy the Marvel Comic films.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001898	I know that it is the best selling book of all time with total sales of over 5 billion copies!	Yeah that seems a lot. Jefferson apparently made his own version of the Bible	I didn't know that. Teddy Roosevelt and John Quincy Adams were the only 2 U.S. presidents who didn't use the bible when they were sworn in.	Oh, you're talking about that song Come Together, right? T
DSTC10TOPICAL-001899	Perhaps a combination of the winning team being just that good and the losing team being so bad	Ive seen some blow outs, but never by that much.	Did you every play fantasy football?	I know. I feel like you learn that in middle school though.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001900	I noticed that. I've heard of some weird ideas for sports, but that's out there. On the subject of shoes, my old work boots have lasted me about 6 years but it's about time to get some new ones at	I think I have 2 pairs of shoes. It's crazy there is 5000 year old shoes that perform better than modern shoes	I'm not surprised, considering how much stuff today is deliberately designed to fall apart so you have to buy more. Sounds like you've got about as many shoes as I do.	I guess we may never know. the PM of the UK during WWI is the great-grandfather of the actress Helena Bonham Carter. She was in the Harry Potter movies
DSTC10TOPICAL-001901	That's a good point that I never thought about. What is also interesting to me is that an NFL game only has about 10 or 11 minutes to it that seems super low.	Yeah, that makes sense, it is mostly standing around if you ask me. I still love the game, but the clock watching gets annoying.	Yep I agree with that. Do you watch any fantasy movies. Or do you do fantasy football at all	no they don't. One show did and that was the office. So amazing. ANother was thomas the train, ever see that one?
DSTC10TOPICAL-001902	Maybe so. I hope the data they are collecting in the field though can somehow be used to make the game a little bit safer	Amazing that a game which averages just over 10 minutes of actual gameplay can be so damaging to players.	Great point. Do you know what the highest score recorded in a game was?	LOL I did too. I'm pretty sure we've had every Nintendo system that has come out.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001903	no way! I would love to learn that. Were you into the beatles much?	I loved them as a kid. I was not born when they formed in 1960	I wasn't either, they were amazing and still are. They couldn't even read music which is so interesting!	I know, so strange. Did you know engineers make more money than NFL players in their lifetime?
DSTC10TOPICAL-001904	I would guess that has something to do with breast cancer awareness. I know that many football players suffer from breast cancer in the later years.	I never thought of it that way, that's an interesting perspective. Tell me why you like soccer.	It is a good game for women. I think women fight harder on the pitch than men do.	Yeah if only Michael had not insisted on bringing his llama to the studio
DSTC10TOPICAL-001905	Crazy. Take care.	Thank you. You too.	:)	Oh, yes. I agree. Do you watch Game of Thrones? I feel like that could be considered a fantasy genre as well.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001906	I'm fine. Thanks for asking and you?	I am fine too	Do you like watching movies?	Yeah it was! Thats why i always stuck with nintendo games. Much more friendly
DSTC10TOPICAL-001907	Yeah so sad. In Texas on the other hand they are voting to rename the garbage dump	Hahha so funny. In the UK not all men could vote until 1918	I wonder what prevented them from doing, maybe class and ranking in society	Sure. He is one of the best, he embodies the Patriot Way with his prep and will to win.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001908	That's right. Did you know that presidents have different functions depending on the type of government?	Yes I remember learning that I think. Its been good talking to you.	It's been good talking to you as well.	Hey! Do watch football?
DSTC10TOPICAL-001909	Yeah the same one, expensive but it must be alien proof	He must have the money despite the fact that Seinfeld has a higher net worth	He does? Well Tom Cruise will eventually come on top, he has a lot more movies planned in the future. I don't know about Seinfeld.	Oh that's cool. I used to work at a game store, so I have several old-school systems, including an Atari. We had a Commodore 64 in the store once, and I should've bought it when I had the chance. Sadly, I've never gotten to play one. I'm not very good at video games either. I guess I'm more of a collector than a serious gamer. They're a good way to relax when I have time. Also, I just found out that apparently playing Tetris can help people with addictions. I'm going to share that information with my roommate, who's a smoker. Unfortunately, I can't bring my Game Boy to work, so it probably can't help with my soda addiction.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001910	Yeah I don't know how that would go, but they should be allowed if they are good enough, I'm an engineer and I guess I make more in my lifetime than an average NFL player makes, cool!	lol, really. Oh yeah, the average lifetime earning is higher than the average NFL player!	yup good to know haha, do you like the Saints? I don't like how they treat their cheer leaders	I wonder if they have any pictures of aliens on them, lol. Did you know bullets hit the white house?
DSTC10TOPICAL-001911	Yeah I was wandering about that as well. How about radio dramas, do you like those?	I don't like dramas in general so probably not.	I see, because if you did there is a free radio to listen to them to	It probably doesn't matter. They can always do prequels, or sequels that bring the character back to life. I know so little I can't even guess.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001912	The guy is a legend, he has ever fumbled the ball in his career	Exactly. Do you know what the highest score in college football is?	Yes I feel bad for Cumberland to lose 222-0 from Georgia Tech	For sure. I'd rather wear the aloha shirt than a suit and tie any day.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001913	hope so too. now they are using tracking chips on the players	That's pretty cool, they can find out how hard a player hits and moves with those chips	yes, very handy. do you know what the highest score is in football history?	I would think money has a big factor and maybe proving something, but I imagine they must meet at least the physical requirements to withstand the impact of a 300 pound linebacker, you think female NFL players gear would be any different?
DSTC10TOPICAL-001914	Oh, your explanation is making so much sense. Thank you.	There is a lot of technical data, like the area code 212 was chosen because it was easier to dial on a rotary phone.	That fact to me is reasonable because New York was one of the earliest established cities in the U.S history.	Well based on the information I've read it doesn't look good.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001915	Yes a lot. Do you know how much a single search takes in terms of power?	Yes more than in took to take Armstrong and 11 others to the moon	Yes. Do you know how they calculate traffic?	I have no idea. Madame Web? Don't know.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001916	Maybe, Bill Nye had to add more effect with more science experiments to create flubber.	Freeman has served narrator, commentator for numerous programs and television shows.	Well, he was nominated and won a lot of rewards.	Yes, those are serious crimes, and the involvement with Russia really bothers me. the cold war is not over.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001917	I don't think they went in for those silly games back then, probably more respectful to the other team.	Probably... Did you know the NFL had no written rule that women can't play?	They probably think they don't need it. Some guys get worked up if they hear a woman is going to take part in something, but if they are good enough and want to do it let them.	Yes it was 222-0 and Georgia Tech totally crushed Cumberland
DSTC10TOPICAL-001918	Yeah exactly. Did you know ESPN won and Emmy once?	It was for the superimposed yellow line and I think they deserved it	Yup. DO you know much about the Bible?	Oh yeah, that was a nasty one too. There have been way too many injuries this year
DSTC10TOPICAL-001919	Yes they are collecting information such as velocity and rotation and a bunch others, Wonder what for though.	I hope they can somehow use them to make the game safer and decrease the number of concussions	That would be amazing. On another topic, do you know anything about the Bible?	That was really nice. You never hear about that type of altruism in pop culture. Usually just the bad stuff. That's really nice.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001920	Are you a Star Wars fan?	Yes, star wars is great. i really like the original trilogy.	Me too, that was the best out of all the movies, and basically the only ones I watched. It made George Lucas a billionaire	big time, its almost seen as a punchline these days
DSTC10TOPICAL-001921	I sure do. Did you know Jon Hamm taught drama in a high school?	Cool. Did you ever watch the show House MD?	Yeah and he even taught Ellie Kemper, she is so funny. Yeah I watch House	That's upsetting. I did hear about that. What really disgusts me is that is the cheerleader was there first and is already eating, she has to stop eating and leave. That makes me very angry. What's the point in that?
DSTC10TOPICAL-001922	Are you a Star Wars fan?	yes, i really like the original trilogy. You?	Me too, it was so good! George Lucas became a billionaire because of it	I will have to look into him. I do not remember the name. Speaking of the Patriots, did you know that George RR Martin called them the Lannisters of the NFL? I don't see that as being a compliment ha ha.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001923	Are you religious?	yes. fairly so	Did you know that Thomas Jefferson had created his own version of the bible so he could remove the supernatural parts. Thats wild.	For sure, it would generate a lot of dispute so anyway do you like how Chris Pratt acts?
DSTC10TOPICAL-001924	WOw that is interesting for a radio. Do you listen to radio dramas?	I do not really, are they good? Maybe I should check them out	Well there is a free website of them if you would like to check it out	Oh that is so cool, I would have never guessed that. I guess they were invented when those watches were around
DSTC10TOPICAL-001925	That is a lot of money! Did you know that 20th Century Fox agreed to forgo a $500k directing fee to let Lucas keep the licensing and merchandise rights?	I wonder how they feel about that now. Lucas pulled one over on them. The entire franchise is estimated to be $65 billion dollars!	I know! It has cost them billions and made Lucas himself a billionaire.	I haven't watched the film at all. I'll have to go check it out right now. Have a good day!
DSTC10TOPICAL-001926	Really? Haha, not sure if that worked! Marvel comic toys are expensive.	Not sure but it just increases the profit margin for the company haha.	True! I am going to have to watch this Infinity War movie now lol, curious about this Hawkeye character. Although he has been in other Marvel films.	You heard of the electronic music group The Thievery Corporation? theyre starting to blow up apparently
DSTC10TOPICAL-001927	Yes! I heard that many people were actually rooting against Brady's team, because they're kind of over them winning all the time. He sure works hard though, it seems.	I think so, too. But there are other good players as well. I guess RB Benjarvus Green-Ellis has never fumbled the football in his NFL career.	Pretty impressive. I know they get paid a lot for those skills, but did you realize that top bowlers in the 60's made twice as much as football stars then?	I sometimes watch. Usually about the Superbowl. What about you?
DSTC10TOPICAL-001928	Oh that makes so much sense. Do you know why Caine became an actor?	Hmm I am not sure of that. He went to college for it?	Nope he just attended drama class in high school because that is where the pretty girls went	You do the same.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001929	I heard it was really good, hes not my favorite superhero, but Id definitely see it also.	Do you read any other comic books?	No, never have read many of them. I miss out on a lot of back story that way.	Yeah ever year and then it is topped with the superbowl. Did you know bowlers used to make more than football players in teh 60s?
DSTC10TOPICAL-001930	I know! They sure do milk it for all its worth.	ESPN won an emmy for creating the superimposed yellow first down line on tv. That has been a good addition to watching games.	Yeah, that was a good addition. Can't believe that Benjarvus Green-Ellis never fumbled. Amazing!	If you want a job that makes more in a lifetime than an average nfl player or mlb player you can become an engineer
DSTC10TOPICAL-001931	Not really. I find they have too much CGI. What about you?	I like some of them like Spider-man. DO you know why there is a hyphen in the name?	I have no idea why. Why not just one word? Other superheroes have names like that.	Many of my friends growing up were big basketball and footballs fans. The highest paid state employee in 39 of the 50 states coaches one of those two states at the college level
DSTC10TOPICAL-001932	Hard to believe. I saw some pretty good jazz in New orleans once. Wasn't a huge fan but it is definitely popular. Apparently the trumpet players grow a goatee for comfort when playing.	Interesting. I also see that clint eastwood is an enthusiast.	I had no idea it was popular in Pakistan given that their jazz orchestra is topping the charts.	Wow, that's an interesting pick of songs, it's much more modern of a rock song than I'd imagine. I've been in coffee houses where they play both rock and jazz. It's nice. Have you?
DSTC10TOPICAL-001933	Yes they did. All came down to a stupid kick ha ha. Anyway, did you know that in the 60's top bowlers made more than top football players?	No I didn't know that, I always hear that most sports make more than nfl, which I think it's unfair.	I'm positive it's not the case now. Do you know what the highest score in a football game ever was?	No. Who is the main actor?
DSTC10TOPICAL-001934	I know right, only 11 minutes, last Superbowl was more than 3 hours long, maybe 4 all of that for only 11 minutes	All those advertisements make a lot of money for the NFL and the tickets are outrageous. I wonder if a woman will ever try to be eligible to play?	Theres no written rule against woman playing so yeah I think they could, its a physical sport though,	One Piece is great! You should look into it. It gets better after the first few chapters. And isn't that comic called Famous Funnies?
DSTC10TOPICAL-001935	bye	Bye.	see you	I would imagine unless the players are getting lots of endoresements or have a super long career they aren't bringing in the amounts of money that people think they are.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001936	Do you like concerts?	i do like concerts. I havent had much chance to do recently. You?	I like them, but only in outdoor arenas. Not so much the indoor stuff.	The movie was a breakthrough for its time. I don't know how many work-hours it took, but it was an accomplishment.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001937	They are the second largest search engine on the internet. I myself usually just google what I want to find and then it takes me to YouTube. The whole channels thing on YouTube confuses me.	Yeah, it can get quite confusing, do you also use Pandora Radio? I like that it also streams comedy and I use it on my way to the office.	I do have an account. Mostly I listen to NPR radio.	Hm not really, how big is it? Benjarvus was the only NFL player who never fumbled the ball
DSTC10TOPICAL-001938	wow, I didnt know an illness could cause that. Look how far he came in life! what is it due to?	Yes He did very well in his career. And they had the best selling album of the 2000's	WHAT? that is so awesome. I wonder when they released their last song, do you know?	Yea, I wonder if Lou Ferrigno watched any of the movies where he voiced the Hulk
DSTC10TOPICAL-001939	I guess that's the idea. I can't imagine it really working or everyone would do it.	Yeah I think it must be more of a tradition now, I doubt a color would really affect another team's performance.	The highest score ever in a football game occurred in 1916 when Georgia tech defeated Cumberland 222-0. Would pink locker rooms have helped Cumberland, do you think?	To Nadal?
DSTC10TOPICAL-001940	yeah, i bet the simpsons liked that. the simpsons has had trouble maintaining its quality over the last few years. i think that comedy is quite difficult.	Yea I stopped watching years ago. Apparently one episode in the whole series did not have bart in it or mention him. I want to watch that episode	i wonder what the episode was about. that is odd. the simpsons has great voice talent.	True. Historians will have a lot to sift through. If only there were a fair way to sort it all ... Good talking with you.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001941	Well perhaps you can find a short version that only shows the live gameplay. Each game is only a dozen or so minutes long of real gameplay	That's another reason why I don't watch football, three hours in front of the television for just 12 minutes of actual action. I could just grab my Bible instead.	Do you read from the bible often?	American football. Were you aware that in the 60's top bowlers made more than top football players? I can't imagine that now.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001942	That should be fun for real. Did you know women can play in the NFL?	Yes as long as they meet the requirements. I wonder if any of them have tried	Curious about that too. Maybe they are sticking to engineering careers	Hey you do any fantasy football? What do you think about Berkley
DSTC10TOPICAL-001943	that's sad considering how amazing his movies were	The Academy has a lot of politics. He made the wrong kinds of films. His wife got an award.	What did she get an award for?	I know I wonder how they felt after that
DSTC10TOPICAL-001944	Yeah for sure. and that weird rule about new orleans cheerleaders?	Yeah that seems like such a silly outdated rule. I think that will be gone in the next year or two.	I hope so. did you know U of Iowa's locker room for visitors is painted pink?	ya I liked him a lot in Iron Man 1, I guess he would hide food on the set of Infinity war which is definitely weird haha
DSTC10TOPICAL-001945	Yeah it was actually Stan Lee's wife, Joan B. Lee	I guess he chose her for the job. I never really watched the show.	I see. The Spider-man musical is the most expensive production on Broadway	Yeah! I too love X-Men. I own the DVDs of all the cartoons. I will throw them in every few month and get nostolgic about them. Really like them. Who's your favorite
DSTC10TOPICAL-001946	Yes that would be JFK, Washington and Jefferson	Right. Did you know the guest house is larger than the white house	Yeah that is pretty cool, they must get a lot of people there so maybe that is why	Oh yeah! I got 3 field goals, which are worth 2 points each. I was so tired, I was glad my team had the most points at the end of regulation play, and we didn't have to go into overtime!
DSTC10TOPICAL-001947	That is so cool. There is a piano that was found on the highest mountain in Britain	Wow wonder who put it up there. Do you like Michael Jackson?	I do actually he has some amazing music. He was once supposed to do a duet with Freddy Mercury but that did not go through	Oh, ok, it's an alcoholic event. I see. With the shouting and cheering and whatnot. Do you have a favorite team or player? I guess there are a bunch of teams.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001948	Yeah , what a talent. Oscar were nominated for 9 Emmys. Wonder how that works	Yeah I am confused too about that. Do you know how many Oscars are given out?	Yes there are 24 awards given over a range of categories	Yep you definitely don't want to talk about multimillion-dollar movies like that that you're starring in LOL what do you think about the other star wars movies though
DSTC10TOPICAL-001949	Exactly. Did you know engineers make more than them over their lifetime?	I am not surprised as they have longer careers so more time to make money	Yeah true. Did you hear about that rule for New Orleans cheerleaders?	I have not played Xbox or PS. whhich do you prefer? why?
DSTC10TOPICAL-001950	Yes, I would like to know. I've been reading about observational versus theoretical astronomy, but I don't know what research methods would have been used to detect the building blocks of life so far away.	Can you imagine how complex the orbit would be for that planet that orbits four stars?	I haven't heard of that planet! What is it called?	I have! They were the first rock concert I ever went to!
DSTC10TOPICAL-001951	18 holes a games. Seems like a long day.	Yeah it does. I like football a bit more. I love the NFL because they have 32 teams so people are bound to find one they like.	Yes football is way better. That is true but you usually only hear about a select few.	I have never seen that movie before. I take it its worth the watch
DSTC10TOPICAL-001952	yep, and pokemon cards that are worth some money. How about that 70s show, ever seen that?	no, i didnt but i think it was a very popular show. probably a lot of actors launched big careers there.	You're right, mostly all of them became something big after that. I wish the same was for that 70s show uk remake, they only lasted 10 episodes.	I have seen some episodes but not all the 750 of them
DSTC10TOPICAL-001953	Yes I did Snoop Dogg wrote a song for his son's football team once	Wow nice. Bowlers used to make more than football players in the 60s	I guess it was a more popular sport back in the day	That is impressive do you know how many games he played in?
DSTC10TOPICAL-001954	It's a shame what happened to Andy Dalton	Yes, his thumb injury put him out for the rest of the season.	He was having one of his best seasons so far	interesting. There is a weekly radio broadcast in Finland that is conducted entirely in classical Latin. It was nice talking to you today.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001955	Yeah I do. Do you know what the most disliked video in YouTube history is?	I want to say its the music video baby by Justin Bieber	That's Correct. Do you have any pets?	Wow desperate times call for desperate solutions I guess
DSTC10TOPICAL-001956	LOL! Did you know politicians in Kentucky must swear an oath that they've never participated in a duel before taking office?	No I didn't! Even in this day and age they still have to do that?	I guess so lol. Do you like Johnny Depp?	I guess if I am able to drive to Michigan State University in East Lansing, I can read what I want without costing an arm and a leg. Their library has the biggest comic book collection available to the public!
DSTC10TOPICAL-001957	Hello, do you watch the NFL?	Yes I try to watch all the games I can, what about you?	Same here but cannot watch them all for 17 weeks	I never paid attention to that, another talented artist is Ed Sheeran do you like his music
DSTC10TOPICAL-001958	I'm an engineer and I ain't seeing it... I can't see how soldiers in WW I could make a radio out of razor blades and pencils? Wow.	lol, that takes pure science around that. I can't even get my already made radio to work!	Ha. I would just end up cutting myself. I guess they may have tuned into Jupiter, there probably weren't a lot of station then.	because they do not have enough grass for a soccer field. Did you know SNoop Dog wrote a song for his son's team?
DSTC10TOPICAL-001959	The times were different then. Many people bowled and I guess they watched it on TV.	NFL uses tracking chips embedded in players shoulder pads.	I believe it. Probably helps with strategy and maybe player safety. Anyway, I enjoyed chatting!	I do like watching dramas. Do you think about Michael Caine? I think he's a great actor
DSTC10TOPICAL-001960	Oh wow that's cool. How was the concert?	Great! He is very talented! Better than Kanye in my opinion. Kanye once did a snl skit mocking himself for interrupting award shows!	I'm not a huge fan of Kanye music.	Well football has been around for a long time. Back in 1916, the highest score ever occurred when georgia tech beat cumberland 220-0
DSTC10TOPICAL-001961	Oh that is so nice and convenient and free	Yeah it is. DO you know why Michael Caine became an actor?	I have no idea, how? DId tou know Patrick Stewart teaches masters classes in drama in the UK?	I think I was a little too young. I remember seeing re-runs ... at least the title song and her scratchy voice.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001962	yeah, but for engineering and science, it seems strange to me. Anyway, great chat!	Ditto. Nice chatting with you!	Have a great day!	Only 11 minutes! I want a refund for my tickets sir, that seems like a scam, pay so much for only 11 minutes
DSTC10TOPICAL-001963	Have you seen Black Panther?	No I haven't yet. Is it any good?	I thought it was pretty good. The character is the richest superhero with an estimated 500 billion dollars.	Do you know about the tracking chips the NFL uses during the game?
DSTC10TOPICAL-001964	I live in North East Ohio, I think fans around here would gladly swap the Packers records for the Browns.	Yeah the Browns have had some tough times since I have been watching, much better season this one than last though.	I guess there is always someone worse than yourself, just heard about the team that lost 222-0. That must have hurt.	Me either. It looks like Belichick's position is fixed. The owner has said that he can coach the Patriots as long as he wants to.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001965	Yeah I think so too. Gal Gadot who is the new wonder woman, actually served two years as a soldier.	Yeah I think I have read that before, that is impressive. I heard she was really good in that movie as well.	It's funny that she did not know she was auditioning for wonder woman. She thought she was trying out for cat woman	That was some sort of punishment to humiliate the loser. It was there to make sure that the history books recorded the loser in the White House.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001966	Yea there is no rule against that as long as they qualify	Yes. The game average is only 11 minutes of play anyways	Yeah. Engineers make more than football players over their lifetime	Hi! Do you listen to the radio?
DSTC10TOPICAL-001967	That kind of sucks, tickets tend to be really expensive and the game lasts for 3 hours, you would expect more than just 11 minutes of gameplay, really unfair.	Yeah I know. Bowlers used to make more in the 60s than football players	They did? I wonder what changed, bowling used to be really popular back in the day, it doesnt seem like a really popular sport now	Hey there how are you?
DSTC10TOPICAL-001968	I know, honestly if it's a sport played with feet and a ball then i guess they have the right to call it that.	That is true. In Hungary "football" is soccer.	In parts of Africa too. in Australia Rugby is football.	ya I think they're like twin buildings so exactly the same, do you think the interiors have similar paintings and desks or is it completely different? haha
DSTC10TOPICAL-001969	Yup, that is why I do not go to these events.	Well, obviously everyone else at the concert seemed to enjoy it so not to bad of a deal	Are there any concerts coming up that sound fun?	I'd like to get as healthy as Brady is. Ha! So do you follow football as well? I'm also a huge fan of Benjarvus Green-Ellis. It's fascinating ti know he has yet to fumble the football in his entire pro career!
DSTC10TOPICAL-001970	Yeah i'm sure your right. Can you believe top bowlers made more than top nfl players in the 60's?	Did they really? That's shocking, I wonder why, maybe people didn't care about football as much back then. Also I'm sure bowling games have more than 11 minutes of game play.	That's unbelievable. Almost as much as espn winning an Emmy. do you know what for?	Crazy to think there's a superhero richer than Iron Man. I guess Thor doesn't really count, since he's a god.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001971	It was a nice way to spend an afternoon. i try to watch the playoffs and the superbowl. this year i didnt.	I watched the superbowl. I thought it was terrible, but that may just be me. So boring this year.	I think it was probably better the year before. there was a big comeback. this year it was a defensive battle. i wanted the underdog to win. too bad.	I can't even imagine working that hard for a role and not getting it! I did watch Ironman all the way thru. How bout you?
DSTC10TOPICAL-001972	Hi there, do you watch the NFL?	Yes I like to watch NFL games, I try to watch as many games as I can, what about you?	Nice, yes me too. Did you know women can play too?	That is true. Kung Fu Hustle is very visual and slapstick heavy. I realized that 3rd Rock From the Sun won the Golden Globe for best comedy series in 1997. That is surprising.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001973	That is pretty impressive, that is probably part of why the Patriots have been one of the most dominant teams recently.	Yes - the Patriots at least made a better decision than his high school - since they let tom Brady play!	I bet they are really regretting that decision now.	Do you think we will ever see a female in the NFL?
DSTC10TOPICAL-001974	And their feet look all weird for some reason	Well putting dry tea bags in smelly shoes will absorb the odor.	That is something I have to try tonight	Is that true? I think that might be an exaggeration, right?
DSTC10TOPICAL-001975	Hi, do you like football?	Soccer or American football, i like them both.	I like them both too, I did not realize that the season lasts 17 weeks	I could imagine some of the hits. I was thinking like a kicker or a punter maybe.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001976	Yes that is true and I am glad they came up with that line because it makes watching the game much easier	Definitely. Can you believe the former Patriots running back never fumbled the football his entire career?	That is so amazing. Do you know what the highest score in college football is?	Yeah that would be more fun. we would all be heading to the bowling alleys. Maybe engineering that still pays more than football
DSTC10TOPICAL-001977	Hello, Do you enjoy football?	I do love football! How about you?	Yes, I love to go to the games? What do you think of the Patriots?	Yeah exactly! But then again at the same time, women are allowed to play in the NFL, though I don't think I have heard anybody coming close to joining the league, have you?
DSTC10TOPICAL-001978	I meant breast cancer, lol! Did you know woman could play in the NFL if they wanted to and could play.	They could possibly feel more comfortable in a pink locker room	I agree, lol! Did you know also the saints cheerleaders need to leave a restaurant if the players come in, kind of sexist!	He is pretty good. I mean, Aaron Rodgers considers him the greatest of all time of game show hosts.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001979	Yes it was. Do you know anything about the FIFA World Cup?	I don't know much about it. When the US competed in the first FIFA world cup in 1930, they got 3rd place.	Yes they did. The city that is hosting the 2022 final does not exist yet.	That is so encouraging to hear. I also can't believe that wreck-it-ralph production in the late 1980's
DSTC10TOPICAL-001980	Yes, although that duel thing seems like it should have been going on out in the cowboy west in the old days.	Right? They must have kept the laws from way back in time lol	Lots of curious things that are fun to learn about. It has been great chatting with you. Thanks!	I do have the same question. That happened on 1916, more than 100 years ago and nothing similar has happened again.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001981	Yeah that's for sure. I really thought that players earned alot more money though.	Maybe the MVP but an engineer will earn more money than the NFL player, I think soccer players are paid better	Crazy to think that one team scored 222 points in a game once too.	Wow that is pretty nuts - Disney World is a huge park! It is funny there is one character named Access who is owned by both Marvel and Dc who's only purpose is to keep the companies universes apart
DSTC10TOPICAL-001982	that is crazy, I bet NFL makes more money now by a long shot, it was nice chatting with you!	Yeah that is true, things have really changed. Same here.	Good bye!	The opposite of what they want! Did you see where there was once a football game score of 222-0?
DSTC10TOPICAL-001983	Do you know if they have female players?	Well, not in the NFL they dont but i'm sure they might have a womans league	Did you know that the nfl has no rules against women? They could legally play if they met the requirements. What do you think?	That's pretty neat but I wonder how researchers could even figure out it was poetry and how it rhymed
DSTC10TOPICAL-001984	I would think so. Btw, nice chatting with you. Happy holiday	Merry Christmas to you, and I'll leave you with this fun fact: The university of Iowa's locker room provided for visiting football players is completely painted pink!	Thank you.	It's cool they don't take themselves too seriously.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001985	Hi friend, do you watch the NFL?	Hey, I am a big fan of the NFL. How about you?	I love watching the NFL, it may be my new religion. Did you know that Tom Brady has a book called the athletes bible?	I looked it up and it's about a 70 year old making an escape from San Quentin and conducting various heists.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001986	I'm originally from England so soccer is my thing, yes, a little rugby too. I've tried watching football on TV but it seems to go on forever, and is mostly replays of what has happened already.	Yeah the average NFL game has 11 minutes of live gameplay, what do you think they could do to improve it ?	Less commercials. I think it is mainly a cultural thing. If I grew up here my opinion might be different.	Sweet. technology is doing a good job for sports
DSTC10TOPICAL-001987	The third was JFK.	I see. I wonder how rich president banana of Zimbabwe is haha. He may be the most loaded of all of them haha	President Banana is an interesting name. Were you aware that the guest house is bigger than the white house?	Yeah that is pretty crazy, did you ever listen to any Pink Floyd?
DSTC10TOPICAL-001988	Then he got Randy Moss and blew that out of the water!	Yup real talk! Tom Brady's wife makes double her husbands salary!	I would be really happy if my wife made double what I make. That would be great!	Do you watch american football?
DSTC10TOPICAL-001989	yeah, I'm one and I have a bunch of friends that do it. On average we make more than a football player!	Oh that's awesome. And yep that is what I have heard did you know that the NFL has no rule against female players. Do you think we'll see one in our lifetime?	I've heard that before, but I don't know if Americans can stomach seeing a woman getting injured on the field.	It's really interesting that radio waves also occur naturally.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001990	Do you wear a costume for halloween ever?	my mom and dad used to dress me up in costumes for halloween sometimes. How about you?	lol me too, I remember seeing pictures of some ridiculous costumes. I want to be a panda researcher though	ya I think football is ok, I like the big games but don't follow a team or anything, you?
DSTC10TOPICAL-001991	That's true. Do watch NFL football games?	I sometimes watch. Usually about the Superbowl. What about you?	I usually watch some games because my son really likes to watch football games.	I would agree totally. There have been like 19 MCU movies in the last ten years... That's two per year!
DSTC10TOPICAL-001992	I love Tom Hanks. I found it curious how the Lord of the Rings movies had huge losses despite being a success	Wow, that's pretty surprising. Never know what's going to bring in the money huh? You know you'd figure anything Disney would be a sure hit but heard that their animated "Treasure Planet" was one of the most expensive box office	Yes. And John Carter was a flop over here but broke box office records in Russia	That's exactly how I felt when I watched it. And of course the compulsory heteroromantic subplot felt so unoriginal
DSTC10TOPICAL-001993	Hey there my friend do you ever wear shoes.	Yes I do but not like ballet dancers. They can go through 4 pairs of pointe shoes in a week.	That is shocking. I used to date a ballet dancer actually. And I can confirm that they always have feet problems	phone and computer technology have gone a very long distance since their invention. Did you know that unicef will donate clean water for a day to needed child for every minute we do not use our cell phone
DSTC10TOPICAL-001994	True, I did not think about that, do you know how we are able to learn about interesting statistics like ball speed. ball rotation and players performance?	Yeah that is actually pretty cool, they are using tracking chips on the shoulder pads of the players now.	I find that pretty interesting!! Did you know when was the highest score in a football match ever?	By creating a reality tv show. hmmm....
DSTC10TOPICAL-001995	Me too, I'm surprised that Jupiter has radio storms they can be heard on AM radio.	Yes. I wouldnt mind hearing those.	I wonder what they sound like? What if it is actually aliens trying to talk with us?	I don't know but it did. It's the highest scoring game in history.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001996	smart kid, took lots of ap tests in high school	wow amazing. Brad Johnson is the only QB that threw himself a touchdown pass	I did not even know such a thing is possible at all	I know, right? And considering there's really only 11 minutes of live NFL gameplay on average each game, you'd think we would have at least had a female kicker by now!
DSTC10TOPICAL-001997	Me too. But I'm not sure what frequency it is. Kind of has me worried now!	well maybe we will find out at some point. did you know we can grow a rib in 2-3 months	No, that is shocking. How do they know that?	That is pretty neat, but last I checked, wasn't Bratwurst a big thing in Germany? So are animals truly protected?
DSTC10TOPICAL-001998	No but I bet it's wild to see. Ha! Wonder if players are allowed to touch the ball with their hands and arms while it's in play unlike regular soccer?	Yeah I don't know it sounds more interesting to me than regular soccer though LOL, have you heard of the German player Mesut Ozil?	I admire him because he donated his entire world cup bonus to pay for the surgeries of 23 different kids over in Brazil. I wish all athletes were like him!	I loved The Justice League! Stan Lee was so amazing! Still is.
DSTC10TOPICAL-001999	He was a very funny and interesting man. Something else that is funny is the University of Iowa painted the visiting locker room pink. I wonder what the visiting football teams thought about that.	Yeah it was probably before pink became popular for professional football players to support breast cancer	Do you watch a lot of football?	thats ool. My daughters name is Olivia and my sisters name is jessica. Thanks shakespeare
DSTC10TOPICAL-002000	Hmm I am not sure of that. He went to college for it?	Nope he just attended drama class in high school because that is where the pretty girls went	Hahaha the guy really knew what he was after even that early	I think he was a good guy. I wonder if he was a good actor or a <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-002001	Yeah I think I have read that before, that is impressive. I heard she was really good in that movie as well.	It's funny that she did not know she was auditioning for wonder woman. She thought she was trying out for cat woman	That is pretty funny, do you know what year the original wonder women made an appearance?	I think it was a female director and the director of the movie Brad Bird was a superhero superhero superhero superhero superhero origin
DSTC10TOPICAL-002002	Actually it was Georgia Tech against Cumberland, they beat them 222-0	Hm. I figured that Tom Brady gave a biblical whooping to the Browns. Oh well. 222-0? Did Cumberland play with their cheerleaders or what?	Hahah good point, I have no idea but what a defeat. Do you ever watch the ESPN?	I do watch the Super Bowl. I think I have watched the Super Bowl though.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002003	I do but i don't get the chance as much anymore. The patriots are on a role.	Do you know how many teams are on the NFL?	Wow that's a good question, how many?	I think it is a lot of money to do with the <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-002004	That is true. They produced a knock off lego once	Wow, they have tried their hand on everything it seems, smart business people	Very true. And they also own the Seattle Mariners. Good investment seems	I wonder if they have a building named after the <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-002005	I'm surprised a building of that size has lasted so long	I have no idea, but I am glad it survived. History should not be destroyed. Going back to football, the games apparently last only 11 minutes of active game	I guess the players have other things to attend to. They are pretty busy. Sunday is a work day for them. I hope they are editing the Bible like that Jefferson fellow.	I think he is a great guy. I think he is a great guy.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002006	Yeah it cost a whooping $60 million, that is very expensive	Yeah do you know who Benjarvus Green-Ellis is?	Oh yeah the man is a legend, never fumbled the ball	Yeah he is a great player. He was a great player and he was a great player.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002007	That makes sense. The NFL is using tracking chips on the players now.	Yes they are and they are collecting many stats such as velocity and rotation and others	Yeah. Do you know who Benjarvus Green-Ellis is?	Yes he is the guy who used the dunk shot so much that it got banned
DSTC10TOPICAL-002008	Yes I have, very funny movie. That was a classic right there. Thanks	I have never seen it before, I think Bill Murray said it was comedy gold or something like that.	I agree. Did you know that some of the very first silent movies out there were comedies?	I did not know that. I wonder if they have any good movies like Harold and Kumar
DSTC10TOPICAL-002009	Yeah, wasn't he the guy who didn't ever fumble the ball? Thats a pretty incredible feat.	That sure is, what a career. Did you know bowlers used to make more than football players in the 60s	That is surprising, I never saw bowling as that popular. But engineers make more over a lifetime than football players. So there is some incentive to work hard in school.	I think that is a good point. I wonder if the NFL has a rule against female players in the NFL
DSTC10TOPICAL-002010	Where did you usually commute from and to? Technology and innovations fly by year after year.	I simply drove to the big city for about an hour and a half. Did you ever use the car radio?	That sounds like my commute. I commute about that long one way for school and back home. Doesn't every car have a radio?	I do not know that but I do know that the radio storms are so strong that they can be picked up and heard by an AM radio.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002011	I'm a huge football fan. How about yourself?	I love football both college and NFL, do you have a favorite NFL team of the 32?	I'm a New England Patriots fan and huge fan of Tom Brady how about you?	I am a fan of the Patriots and I like the Patriots and the Patriots and the Patriots
DSTC10TOPICAL-002012	Well apparently there is a president in Zimbabwe called president banana	They could do a musical number. I think that many fans would follow.	See I like that idea haha. Maybe they could make a lot of money so that Trump could be back into the top three richest presidents of all time	I would be surprised to find out that the president of Indonesia released 3 pop albums while in office.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002013	I do too. The Saints should do better, if not for themselves, but for the good of the league.	Yeah I agree with you on that. Do you know what the average actual time of gameplay is for an average NFL game?	Something like 10 minutes, right? I think I heard that when they were talking about the chips in the shoulder pads of the players.	I think that is a good idea. I wonder if they have tracking chips in the shoulder pads and footballs to track the players
DSTC10TOPICAL-002014	I hope so too. We need engineers more than we need athletes if we're going to have a good society.	True! Although it is pretty cool that there isn't a rule that keeps women from playing. All they need to do it meet eligibility	I guess in the future we might see a woman. Anyway, great chat! Have a great evening!	You too!
DSTC10TOPICAL-002015	I don't know honestly. We have some teams that have won state championships in the area but i don't ever go to the games.	I would think it would be more interesting if you went to the actual school.	I would think so too but there's a school in Allen, Texas that spent 60 million dollars to build a football stadium to seat 18,000 people.	That is a lot of money. I wonder if they have a temporary court in the stadium for the stadiums?
DSTC10TOPICAL-002016	Yep, that's how consistently good they have been. Did you know that New Orleans cheerleaders are forbidden from eating in the same restaurant as any NFL player. If they are eating somewhere and an NFL player comes in, they have	Thats rude. I wonder why?	They probably don't want any PR problems from that. It's kind of weird that there is no women in the NFL. There is no written rules against female players.	I think that would be a good idea, I would be interested in seeing the women in the NFL.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002017	Really, Id be interested to read it. It does sound a little extreme at some times.	I agree lol, do you have a favorite team?	I do, unfortunately I root for the Dolphins, it was a family thing.	I think they are the best player to win the best player of the time.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002018	I do not think I have heard of that, what is it? There is a radio station that turns solar energy into sounds	WOw cool one. Have you ever listened to canadian radios?	I have not actually, I just do not have the time I guess. Back to football, Kellan Moore is the only half handed QB in the NFL.	I wonder if he is a lefty or not the QB of the <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-002019	Good point. The ESPN once won an Emmy. Do you know what for?	Hmm I do not know that, did not know they could qualify for any of those awards	Yeah, well they got it for the superimposed yellow like	Yeah it was a great game for the superimposed yellow line
DSTC10TOPICAL-002020	Yes, I did, interesting. I think they owned alot of land.	I believe so too. Up until 1805 the vice president was decided by who the runner up was in the presidential election. Interesting because there probably would have been 2 different opinions on issues of the time in the White	Yes, that is interesting. Its good times have changed.	I think it is a great way to get a <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-002021	Yeah and after words maybe on a subconscious level. You know the highest scoring game of all time?	Yeah it was 222-0. What a blow out!	Yeah Georgia Tech was not playing around. I would have hated to be on the bus ride home to Cumberland.	I would be a good way to get a <unk> I would be a good way to get a <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-002022	Im doing great. How bout you.	I'm good, thanks for asking. Do you like Tennis?	I have never really sat down to watch it to be honest.	I have to watch it on my <unk> I have a lot of fun to watch.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002023	I love the NFL! I try to follow all 32 teams the best I can.	Nice. I did not know the game season is 17 weeks. That is a long time and lots of games	Yes. It seems to go fast. Each team plays a 16 game schedule.	I think that is a lot of money for the game. I wonder if they have a lot of money on the average salary per player
DSTC10TOPICAL-002024	It That is an interesting coincidence.	Did you know the NFL has no rules against women playing?	That's great! There should a team entirely of women!	I think they are the only one to have a <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-002025	Hello, do you like television?	I do. I love watching SNL - especially the weekend update.	I love SNL. Did you know when South Park aired the Family Guy episode, they received flowers from the Simpsons crew?	I did not know that. I wonder if they have a episode where Bart is not mentioned or is mentioned.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002026	Yes but I guess that was because bowling was much more popular back then	I guess so. Do you know what the highest score in college football is?	Yes that is 222-0 when Georgia Tech beat Cumberland	Yeah that is a lot of money for the game
DSTC10TOPICAL-002027	I think soccer players make less money than a basketball player. But as a whole soccer is watched by a lot of people more in comparison to basketball. That is just my opinion	Yea basketball players are making upwards of 50 million a year thats crazy. I know overseas soccer is a huge sport. In There exists a variation of soccer where 3 teams face each other at the same time.	I never heard of such thing. How 3 teams can play on the field at the same time is a mind blowing. Hahaha	I think that is a good point. I wonder if they have a lot of <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-002028	Well the NFL tracks everything. They even have chips in shoulder pads and footballs for tracking so I am pretty sure they are accurate.	I think its great that tech is being integrated into the game, cool stats indeed they should make devices to control the brain damage injuries	You would think that an average NFL player who will make less than an average engineer over his lifetime would want to help their own health. The NFL is violent.	I think that is a good point. I think the NFL has a lot of money and engineers make more money than football players.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002029	Are you a baseball fan? I'm not, so I am not surprised that the Women's World cup has higher ratings than the World Series.	Soccer is the international sport. Women around the world will be keen on seeing the games. Not so much for baseball, I guess. I am not a big baseball fan, though I follow the playoffs.	I'm not a sports person, I do like chess. Although, I didn't know it was invented in India.	I didn't know that. I know that chess is a complex process, but I don't know how it works.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002030	No! Wow, that's awesome! Very smart and kind of them. I love animals more than a lot of people lol!	It is a great thing they did! i wish the U.S. would do that!	I do too, we have so many animals going extinct it would probably help a lot. They deserve to thrive and be safe too.	I agree. I think we are going to be a good way to get the <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-002031	Yeah I guess it was a more popular game back then. Their coaches are the highest paid people	Yeah no surprise there. Do you know what the highest score in college football is?	Hmmm no I do not, what is it. Did you hear about that giant stadium in Texas?	I have no idea, but I guess it is a <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-002032	Hi, do you like football?	Hello, i love the NFL now thats a real sports league!	Do you know if they have female players?	I think they meet the requirements that they meet requirements
DSTC10TOPICAL-002033	Hello, do you watch NFL?	Yes I tried to watch every nfl game. Do you like Tom Brady?	I like him. I guess he is a book author now as well.	I think he is a great author and also a great author of the book
DSTC10TOPICAL-002034	Hello there, do you watch the NFL?	Hi, no I don't watch it. Do you?	Yes me too from time to time. Curious fact, the U of Iowa visitor locker room is painted pink.	I wonder if that is a tactic to intimidate the other team. I wonder if they have a pink locker room pink
DSTC10TOPICAL-002035	Are you a New England Patriots fan?	lol no I am not. Did you know there is no written rule against female players? women are allowed to play football.	And sorry, yes I watch football. I am not a fan of the Patriots either! lol I did know about the rule allowing female players. I'm surprised no females play tho	I think that is a good point. I think that the NFL has a rule against female players.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002036	That must be a nightmare for opposing teams! Wonder if that would have helped Cumberland when Georgia Tech set the highest score record when they beat them 222-0. Ha!	Haha that is true! It's so surprising that an average engineer will make more in his life than an NFL or MLB player	Agreed. I even wonder if engineers made more than the top bowlers of the 1960s since they actually made more than the top football players as well!	I think that is a lot of money for the superimposed yellow line representing the first down line
DSTC10TOPICAL-002037	Yeah, no kidding. Although the average lifetime salary of engineers is higher than the average lifetime earning of an NFL player.	Plus fewer concussions too. I think it would be better for women to go into engineering.	Yeah, no kidding! I know the cheerleaders on the Saints have to leave a restaurant if a team player is there.	I wonder if they have a rule against the cheerleaders?
DSTC10TOPICAL-002038	Free with you, they should have had Snoop Dogg make a theme song for the game like he did for his son's high school football team LOL	Interesting, do you play golf?	I have tried to play golf but I'm not very good, it just takes so long to do all 18 holes I think	I don't play golf but I do play golf when I was younger. I don't play much of the golf courses in the world
DSTC10TOPICAL-002039	For sure, did you know the NFL is the new religion	I guess it is, many people watch it for sure. Do you know how many teams are there?	I think there are 32 teams now, which is your favorite?	I like the <unk> I think the team is the best in the league, but I think they are the best in the league.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002040	Well there is a free website of them if you would like to check it out	Yeah that is nice. Did you know that there is a radio station that turns solar energy into tunes	That is so cool. In WWII soldier made foxhole radio using pencils and razorblades	That is pretty cool. I wonder how they got that to the radio
DSTC10TOPICAL-002041	Now, that's smart	Haha, yep it is.	It was very nice chatting with you. Have a great day	You too!
DSTC10TOPICAL-002042	They cannot socialize or date either.	Well that i agree with but forcing them to leaves a bit much to me.	Yeah probably something happened for them to make that rule. Well, cant wait till the draft lol. Gotta run, nice talking to you.	You too!
DSTC10TOPICAL-002043	That was a beautiful show, both in the writing and visually. It's probably the best bit of TV Sci-Fi since 1997.	Yes I thought so too	It's been nice chatting with you, but I'd better get back to work.	You too!
DSTC10TOPICAL-002044	Well I hope the players get their degrees before going to the NFL. The lifetime earnings of an engineer is higher than the average lifetime earnings of an nfl player	They could probably get tons of degrees after the NFL	lol. The bible is the best selling book ever selling over 5 billion copies. I know that because every one has one.	I wonder if the book is the richest presidents in the US
DSTC10TOPICAL-002045	I guess the football players chose the wrong sport then. They could have just gone bowling and make money. They could wear their helmet bowling too.	Well things have changed now so that definitely is not the case. But engineers still make more than football players	Engineers makes more than football players, but not for playing football. Engineers are good at engineering.	Yes they are so much longer than the average NFL game only has 11 minutes of live gameplay.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002046	I agree. Though the earnings of an engineer over their life time are higher that the earnings of a football player. That makes me feel a little better.	Until you think about retirement age. I'll take ten and out with millions over forty plus and out with millions. lol. What about you?	Same here. I would rather a few years to make my millions.	I would be a good way to get a <unk> I would be a good way to get a chance.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002047	Yes, I forget how football is usually soccer to most people	Soccer is a popular sport around the world. Football is gaining popularity too in other countries.	I think internationally soccer is the most popular. In the US, football generally is more popular	I think it is popular in the US and the other countries are the most popular sport in the world.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002048	Yeah did you know most presidents swear in on the bible.	Two US president did not use it in swearing-in ceremonies.	yeah they are John quincy adams and teddy roosevelt	I wonder if they have a secret room for the White House
DSTC10TOPICAL-002049	On a different topic what do you think about Birds by the way? I did eat a chicken for dinner and it was delicious	Birds are pretty awesome, they are technically dinosaurs so I find it fascinating to see living dinosaurs	Yes I agree, it's very crazy that they can range in size from 2 inches to over 9 feet	I wonder how many people are able to cross the ocean floor and they are <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-002050	Yes, you are right, I have lots of comics books, I am not a reader, I like them for the drawing of the characters.	That is interesting. Dc comics paid $130 in 1938 for exclusive rights to superman.	Yes, Superman and Archie rich are two of the most valuable book I heard of according to my knowledge.	I think that is a good point. I think the book is a great book and the book is the best selling book of the 21st century
DSTC10TOPICAL-002051	Hello there, do you play the piano?	Hello, I can play a little. What about you?	No, but I really wish that I could I think it is so cool.	I think it is a great instrument that has a lot of <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-002052	It would be cool if they even had stuff that predated Marvel, if that is even a thing.	I think there are comics way before that.	I think it is cool how they have different universes, even within the same franchise.	I think they are the only one to have a franchise in the universe
DSTC10TOPICAL-002053	I agree! They are lucky to make it on ESPN 12 lol. Do you think there will ever be a woman that tries out for a team?	I don't know enough about women's bodies to say. There aren't many women who play in high school or college though.	I agree, but there is a small chance someday! Did you know ESPN won an emmy for their yellow first down line?	I did not know that. I wonder if they won the Emmy for the yellow line that ESPN won the Emmy for the yellow line that makes the first down marker.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002054	Oh I didn't know they were Canadian! If you are a radio drama fan there is a website where you can listen to thousands for free.	I have never listened to drama on the radio, but I do know it was very big, especially in the days before television	Yes it was basically the big form of entertainment! I bet some presidents even tuned in. The three wealthiest presidents were JFK, Washington, and Jefferson.	I wonder if Trump is the wealthiest president in the US?
DSTC10TOPICAL-002055	Football has got to be crazy too. Its a money maker for a lot of colleges	Yeah. The only good thing about this model is that it pays for the lesser sports, like swimming and volleyball.	Did you know Espn won an emmy for the creation of the yellow first down line	I did not know that. I wonder if they have a lot of <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-002056	I think he is a pretty decent player. So was the former QB for Patriots, Benjarvus	I think considering how many super bowl rings Brady had he is better than decent.	Yeah that is true. Benjarvus on the other hand is the only guy in NFL to have never fumbled a ball.	That is a great accomplishment. I wonder how many people have been on the field for the superimposed yellow line
DSTC10TOPICAL-002057	Hello, do you listen to the radio?	Not really. Do you?	Yeah I do quite a bit I just have not managed to find that Jupiter station	I wonder if they have storms on Jupiter on the AM radio?
DSTC10TOPICAL-002058	It is funny - bowling is a less athletic sport but they used to make twice as much as football players	i think they now get paid more but not all of them	yes that is true. Espn probably got more from winning an emmy for the creation of the virtual yellow line	I think that is a great invention! I think that the yellow line is so helpful to the game and the yellow line that ESPN won an emmy for the superimposed yellow line representing the first down line
DSTC10TOPICAL-002059	Yeah that is a wild fact, I guess the thing to do was to be a bowler in the 60's, that was the life!	Sure would be a lot easier physically than football. Did you see espn won an emmy for creating that superimposed yellow line representing the first down? I wonder what year that was	Yeah I am trying to think if I can remember watching games before it happened. I know I have but it's just so part of the game now I can't really remember.	I think it was a game that was a game of thrones called the <unk> <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-002060	Fun! We should be just about done with this hit!	yeah, this was a fun one!	I thought so too! Nice talking with you!	You too!
DSTC10TOPICAL-002061	Yes it was basically the big form of entertainment! I bet some presidents even tuned in. The three wealthiest presidents were JFK, Washington, and Jefferson.	With inflation I can see how Washington or Jefferson might have more worth than President Trump. But JFK surprises me	Yes JFK is a bit surprising. I bet the president of Indonesia made a lot from his pop albums!	I wonder if he was a pop star?
DSTC10TOPICAL-002062	No. I usually watch comedy or romantic movies.	It was fantastic. The end left you guessing though. Some people say Infinity War owes part of it's success to Black Panther.	I will make a point of watching it soon.	I think it is a good thing to be honest.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002063	I imagine it was at least hundreds apart?	222-0. I dont even see how that is possible. That one team must have been really bad.	Perhaps a combination of the winning team being just that good and the losing team being so bad	I think that is a good point. I think the team is the best team to win the world series and they are the best team to win the world series
DSTC10TOPICAL-002064	Talk about a good career move that would pay off down the road! Marcia Lucas was the reason for some major changes to the original movie and won an academy award for editing the film.	Another fun fact that I learned is that there's a toy Hans Solo in every Firefly episode. I loved Firefly too!	I never knew that. I'm going to have to go watch and look for it.	I think it is a great show, I like the show that I like to watch it
DSTC10TOPICAL-002065	Hi! I love rock music and it has been for a while now. I think since the 60s.	Yeah, it's definitely a classic and great genre. White snake has had over 50 members through it's history. That's crazy!	I know. The list has its own wikipedia page.	I wonder if it is a wiki that ranks fictional characters according to their powers and abilities.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002066	Nice! Did you know engineers make more money over time than NFL players do?	I guess that makes sense since their careers are longer too and they have more time to make money	For sure, but I bet NFL players are paid more per hour. Did you know an NFL game has 11 actual minutes of gameplay?	I think that is a lot of commercials and commercials. I wonder if they will be on the tracking chips in the shoulder pads and the players to track their moves
DSTC10TOPICAL-002067	Yeah true. Do you know what is the highest score in college football game?	Yes that is 222-0 and do you know who was playing in that game?	Yes that was Georgia tech that beat Cumberland in 1916	Yeah that is a lot of money for the game
DSTC10TOPICAL-002068	Actually, I did. That thing was too long, though. I sat for 3 hours, makes me mad to think that the average NFL game has only 11 minutes of actual live gameplay.	Same here. There is so much waiting around. Id like to see a game with a running clock for all of it, stopping only when teams score. That would give more action.	You know they have tracking chips in the player's shoulder pads that records every move on the field. It would be interesting to see what that data shows!	I think that is a good point. I wonder if they have tracking chips in the shoulder pads and footballs to track the players
DSTC10TOPICAL-002069	Yeah that makes sense. Because I haven't heard of that rule with any other team. What about the rule for female players? Apparently there is no rule against it, which is interesting	I guess they never imagined that women would want or be able to play. Other sports might not have such a rule either.	Yeah that makes sense. I don't think that women can play basketball or anything like that, at least in the NBA, but maybe I'm wrong? Do you have a favorite quarterback by the way?	I don't follow the NFL but I do like the <unk> I think the NFL has a lot of interesting facts about the NFL.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002070	True. 11 minutes of combat.	I'm all for women breaking barriers and the belief that they can accomplish anything a man can, but not when there is a chance for major injury just based on a size advantage.	True. Anyway, I enjoyed chatting with you!	You too!
DSTC10TOPICAL-002071	Yeah thats true. Looks like a lot of them just inherited the money	And now the actors that play the characters are getting rich. Marvel movies make serious box office cash	I know right. Have you seen infinity war?	I have not. I think it is a great movie but I think it is a great movie.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002072	Yes, the talent is there, on the coaching staff too. Though I have heard accusations for cheating.	Yes and while I am not familiar enough to know the details, which team hasn't been accused as such	I really don't know. I figure that the cost of getting caught cheating would be pretty high. Didn't they have to pay a fine or something?	I think they are paying the fines and they are willing to pay the fine for the game.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002073	Hi! I do occasionally, usually during big games like Super Bowl.	Me too, I really don't watch much but I do like football. I think Tom Brady is an excellent quarterback.	I agree, though he is now in his 40s born in August 1977. Wonder if he might retire soon?	I think he was a good player and he was a great player and he was a great player
DSTC10TOPICAL-002074	Nice I liked it too. did you know it was founded in 1889 as a playing card company	Yeah, I did not know it was that old. Did you	Yeah I did not know but apparently it has been that long	I think it was a long time ago. I think it was a long time ago.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002075	Hi, how are you? do you like Marvel	Hello, I am doing good this morning. Yeah I like Marvel. Me and my son are always watching superhero movies.	Nice, me too although I am not a huge Fantastic Four fan. I think the movie killed it for me...	I think that is a good movie. I like the movie <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-002076	I've watched Australian rules football and Rugby before although they aren't on tv much	They call it football codes. There is also a Gaelic football	Interesting. I mainly watch the NFL even though the games only have an average of 11 minutes of gameplay for each game	I think that is a lot of commercials and commercials. I wonder if they will ever play the game or if they have tracking chips in the shoulder pads and footballs to track the players
DSTC10TOPICAL-002077	The nfl has no written rule against female players; women would in fact be allowed if they met the league's eligibility requirements. I had no idea! I would have thought they did but I guess not.	That is interesting but I wonder what the league's eligibility requirements are. What if they had to have played football in college?	I am not sure. Based on the article, they could play. I think that they are not sexist, just biased against age.	I think that is a good point. I think that the NFL has a lot of rules and they are not allowed to play in the NFL.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002078	I do! I just watched avengers the other day! Have you seen Wonder Woman?	I haven't, but I should! It was the highest grossing superhero movie!	I know! I've seen the Dark Knight too, have you? It was the highest before Wonder Woman.	I have seen it but I think it was a great movie. I think it was a great movie.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002079	Yeah only 13 TD passes which is low for a QB, he did have a better season the previous year	Saquon Barkley should be a good pick for the fantasy draft next season.	Im not aware of that player in what position does he play?	I think he is a good player. He is a great player and he has a great player too.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002080	That would be different. Maybe they could get a pink locker room like the Univ of Iowa has for its visiting football teams. :) So bad! !	Haha, right! That is crazy. It's not any different than the crazy high score game that ended with 222-0 that's unbelievable!	Yeah that was awful for the losing team I bet. They probably could have benefited from the tracking chips they use today in the players' shoulder pads to record their moves. Maybe could have figured out what they were doing	I think they are the best player to do so. I wonder if they will ever be able to track the tracking chips in the shoulder pads and footballs.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002081	Would be awesome to watch!	Yea, it's quite ironic that Jackson popularized the robot dance and wanted to build a robot lol	Could he make it sing too?	I think he is a good artist, he is a great artist, he has a great vocal range, I think he is a great guitarist
DSTC10TOPICAL-002082	I can't believe google is only 10 years old!	They have certainly grown pretty fast. I love YouTube!	i do too! i also like google maps. Do you use that a lot?	I use Google a lot. I use it every day and I use it for my birthdays time.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002083	Me too, but I guess in my childhood and college years I was watching much often. I didn't know that 14 of the world's 25 largest stadiums belong to American college football teams. Did you know that?	I did not know that. The University of Iowa's lock room for visiting teams is painted in all pink.	lol why? Do they believe it may bring any benefits to Iowa?	I think they are a <unk> <unk> I think they are a good <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-002084	I wonder too, there is an AM radio frequency that catches Jupiter's radio storms	Very cool, wonder if it just sounds like static or what? Bill Murray voiced the Human Torch in the 1970's fantastic four radio show!	no way! Now i need to look that up. It probably was amazing	I think it is a great idea to be honest.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002085	Good point. Did you know that bowlers made twice as much as top football stars ?	Thats crazy. It like how engineers make more in a lifetime	And what up with that crazy cumberland game. I would have walked off the field	I think it was a <unk> <unk> I wonder if they have a locker room pink for the visiting team
DSTC10TOPICAL-002086	That's such a nice gesture. For the longest time he was the voice of college football. Did you go to Michigan?	I did not just a big fan. My favorite player of all time attended there so It was how I became a fan	Who is your favorite player of all time?	I like the <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-002087	I do love football! How about you?	Yes, I love to go to the games? What do you think of the Patriots?	I like the Patriots! I'm glad that they won the super bowl. Tom Brady puts a lot of work into his game and deserves to be a winner for his dedication to being the best he can be.	I think he is a great player. I think he is a great player.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002088	I did, it was pretty boring this year though.	Free with you, they should have had Snoop Dogg make a theme song for the game like he did for his son's high school football team LOL	Interesting, do you play golf?	I do play golf. I have a disc golf course in the day.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002089	Oh yeah you're right when they the aired the final family Guy episode.	Tv is a mass medium for advertisement, entertainment, and news. Is there anything else you enjoy?	Yes it is indeed. I enjoy the Internet. It's addicting and can cause measurable changes in the brain.	I agree. I think it's a good way to get addicted to clicking links.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002090	I wonder if that is supposed to have some effect on the players	I am not sure. In the 60s bowlers used to make more than NFL players	Yeah I guess it was a more popular game back then. Their coaches are the highest paid people	Yeah I guess they are more popular than the rest of the world combined.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002091	Wasn't he a running back for the NE Patriots?	Yeah he was and he never fumbled the ball in his career	That's impressive. I wonder how many years he played for the Patriots to have that kind of stat	I think he was a good QB and he was a great QB and he was a backup QB in the NFL.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002092	Now that's suprising. I wonder how much would that be	I'm not sure. I think it's because NFL players do not play past their 30s normally	True. How about golf? are you familiar with it?	I have a few courses in the US and I have a disc golf course in Dubai that consumes 4 million gallons of water a day.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002093	Yes. The Saints cheerleaders cannot even eat in the same restaurant as the players.	I guess it is to keep the players from getting distracted or from bad press about teams.	I'm sure. Even if the cheerleader is already there, if a player walks into the restaurant the cheerleader has to leave.	I wonder if that rule is a cheerleader or something?
DSTC10TOPICAL-002094	I guess that is not a lot considering how long they have been around	That is true actually. Do you know the programming language Python?	I have heard of it, is that somehow related to comedy	I think it is a comedy genre that is a comedy genre
DSTC10TOPICAL-002095	I sometimes watch football. You?	I like watching it when it's on! Can you believe there is only 11 minutes of actual gameplay?	I can. they do so much standing around and waiting. it feels like they try to run down the clock. i wouldnt buy a ticket. too expensive.	I would have to be a <unk> I would have to be a <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-002096	True. It was my pleasure to talk with you.	Have a good day my friend watch a disney film for me today	Sure.	Do you like to watch TV?
DSTC10TOPICAL-002097	Ha! Maybe so! I mean, there's only 11 minutes of live NFL gameplay on average so it wouldn't hurt to have a few female players, I wouldn't think!	Maybe there is to many advertisements, what do yo think ? Or if the players played more than 11 minutes, they would get more injuries ?	I think it's primarily the commercials. Crazy to think it's only 11 minutes though! I wonder if the chips they use to track the movement of players only tracks 11 minutes worth?	I think they are glued to the tv for the time to watch the game for the commercials.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002098	Yes and they also have to leave mid meal if they walk in	Yes it is absurd and sexist and it needs to go	I agree. THey are using tracking chips on the players now	Yeah they are tracking velocity and speed and such.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002099	Yes they are and they are collecting many stats such as velocity and rotation and others	Yeah. Do you know who Benjarvus Green-Ellis is?	Of course I do, he played for the Patriots and never fumbled the ball in his career	I heard he was a great player. He was a great player and he was a great player.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002100	That stat actually surprises me with how much football players work! Did you know that in the 60s even top bowlers made more than football players? !	I wasn't aware of that, actually. That's sad and unfair - almost as bad as the Saints cheerleaders not being allowed to dine in the same restaurant as the football players.	That's terrible, especially since the cheerleaders need to leave even if they were there first. Talk about no womens rights?	I think they are a good team to be honest.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002101	How great is that! So important. The library of Alexandria had a unique way of gathering books by making all ships visiting surrender their books for copy .	They must have had a impressive collection	How unfair, they would copy their books give them back the copy and keep the originals.	I think that is a good idea, I wonder if they have a copy of the internet in case the internet burns down.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002102	Wow. Didn't know that. Antarctica has a disc golf course	Oh that would be a cold course! A golf course in Dubai requires 4 million gallons of water!	That is a lot of water. The US have more golf courses than the world combined	I think golf is a lot of water in the US
DSTC10TOPICAL-002103	How things have changed now. Did you hear they are using tracking chips on the players now?	Yes they are collecting information such as velocity and rotation and a bunch others, Wonder what for though.	I hope they can somehow use them to make the game safer and decrease the number of concussions	I think that is a good point. I wonder if they have tracking chips in the shoulder pads and footballs.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002104	Yes. They are definitely a power couple. Do you watch Game of Thrones? The author called the Pats the Lannisters of the NFL!	Yeah I've heard that one ;) really funny but what does it mean - they always pay their debt ? ;) lol	Did you know that in the 1960's bowlers made twice as much as top football stars?	I did not know that. I wonder if the football players have the highest paid football players in the world.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002105	I am not sure. But I'd definitely see the recent Spider Man film. I heard it was really good. And it won some Oscars	I heard it was really good, hes not my favorite superhero, but Id definitely see it also.	Do you read any other comic books?	I do like comic books. I like the <unk> <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-002106	Wow. Drogba once stopped a civil war in his country	WOw amazing. Even Jon Steward used to be a soccer player	Nice a tv host and a soccer player, lots of talent there	I think it is a good sport to be honest.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002107	They give 24 awards to talented people in the film industry annually.	Yes, Did you know that Daniel Day-Lewis is the only actor to win Best Actor at the Oscars 3 times.	No, I did not know that. Thanks for the info. I always like to know the facts related to the entertainment industry.	I think it is a great idea to be honest.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002108	Friends was a great show, they had so much talent there. I was and am more of a Seinfeld fan, 3rd rock was ok.	I just love that comedies generally have a happy ending. I love to smile and laugh.	Yeah same here, and comedy is pretty hard to do right!	I agree. I think it is funny that Bill Murray thinks Kung Fu Hustle is "the supreme achievement of the modern age in terms of comedy". I don't think I agree with him on that one.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002109	I watch it most weekends. I prefer the NFL to college football or any other league.	I was shocked to find out that an average NFL game, only has 11 minutes of live gameplay.	They do keep the time running while the teams are setting up & calling a new play a lot so I guess it's not too surprising. They still earn a lot of money for the little work they do.	I agree. I think they are a good way to get the money to get paid.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002110	do you know much about the universe?	Some stuff. There is a theory that it was formed through evolution	Yeah and another one that there is only one electron in it	Yeah that is pretty cool. Did you know that there is a region of space that may be pulling galaxies outside the observable universe?
DSTC10TOPICAL-002111	Originally the runner-up would become vice president. So in our last election we would had vice president Hillary Clinton and president Trump. Talk about a lot of drama haha	Wow! That would have been crazy. We are much too partisan for that now. Maybe it would force us to work together more. Off topic but do you watch a lot of TV?	I watch a little bit of TV. since I don't have cable I only watch Netflix mostly. I like the show stranger things, what about you?	I watch it a lot. I watch the Simpsons and the Simpsons and I have never seen it.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002112	Jefferson created a bible? How much money did he make on it? I know he was rich.	Yeah he created a version of it and took out all the supernatural stuff because he did not believe in it	There must not have been much left! I guess it was short book. Why did Jefferson do this? Was he angry at God or something?	I think he was the first president to be photographed for his inauguration.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002113	I am not sure but it is shot in California in an Ikea store and people there do not even know	WOw. Do you like radio dramas?	I like them sometimes. Do you listen to them?	I do actually. Do you know who the fastest number to dial was?
DSTC10TOPICAL-002114	Probably. I guess it's written into their contract.	football players are having too much troubles already	That's true. But it seems everyone else has to change their ways for them.	I agree. I think it's funny that the first president of Zimbabwe was called President Banana.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002115	Yes, have you seen Iron Man, if yes did you like it?	Yes. Even after ten years it holds up quite well!	That's true, I even like the actor in Iron Man as much as the movie itself. He is one of my favorite actor.	I like the <unk> <unk> I think he is a great actor and I think he is a great actor too.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002116	I understand their thinking. They felt that they should be loyal to the law of the land and the people of the US.	Do you like football?	Football is a fun sport. I don't get a chance to watch it much. You?	I do like the sport, but I do like the sport, do you like the sport?
DSTC10TOPICAL-002117	Yes that is amazing, was also shocked when I read that	I guess I find all of it fascinating. How did someone figure out that these waves could be converted into sound?	I know its crazy, I wonder if it was one of those I have an idea moments	I think it was a good idea to be honest.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002118	OK. Did you know that females could play in the NFL ?	No but i dont like how cheerleaders are forbidden from eating in the same restaurant as any nfl player	That is crazy that they would have to leave if a player comes in.	I think that is a good point. I wonder if they have a rule against the cheerleaders?
DSTC10TOPICAL-002119	Absolutely - there is a reason the lifetime earnings of an engineer is higher than that of a nfl player - their career is a lot longer.	It's funny to think that back in the 1960s, bowlers were paid more. I can't imagine sitting around and watching bowling being more exciting, but bowling alleys were popular.	Yeah I do love bowling though its been a while since I did it. There are more female bowlers though - even though it is allowed for women to play in the NFL, there aren't any.	I think that is a good point. I wonder if they have a female player in the NFL
DSTC10TOPICAL-002120	I guess. Do you know how the polos were invented?	Yes they were invented by a tennis player Rene Lacoste	Yes and then was adopted by others and the rest is history	Yeah. Do you know who invented the drive thru?
DSTC10TOPICAL-002121	What a guy really. Did you know about that weird rule that New Orleans cheerleader shave to abide to?	Yeah about not being able to eat in the same restaurant as the players. What is up with that?	Yeah and they have to leave mid meal. That rule is sexist and has to go	Yes it is sexist and it is sexist
DSTC10TOPICAL-002122	i do like to watch football. only get the chance from time to time. You?	I do. Did you know that the NFL has no written rules against female players?	i heard something about that, but then again i dont think they ever imagined a woman showing up to try out.	I think that is a good point. I think that the Saints cheerleaders are forbidden from eating in the same restaurant as any NFL player.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002123	I do from time to time.	me too, I am a university of iowa football fan, they paint their visitors locker room pink!	That's cool. Do you watch the NFL at all?	I do watch the NFL. I do like the NFL though.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002124	hahaha, it is just so much fun, the game itself and all the cheering and the fans. How about the animal world, do you take much interest there?	Yeah I am a big fan of animals and nature, how about you?	Most definitely, I love science in general. Crazy to think we share the planet with 20 quintillion other species of animals	I think that is a lot of animals that are domesticated and have been domesticated so many years ago.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002125	Yes I guess football was not that popular back then as it is now	True. Do you know the highest score in college football?	Yes that is 222-0 when Georgia Tech beat Cumberland	Yeah that is a lot of money for the game
DSTC10TOPICAL-002126	yes, I'd like to learn how do that myself. Apparently, you just use a razor blade and a pencil as a diode. I believe that they were called Foxhole radios.	Did you know that you can hear Jupiter radio songs on AM radio?	Well, I think it is radio storms that are so strong that they can be picked up and heard on the AM radio.	I wonder how they can do that in the radio
DSTC10TOPICAL-002127	I would if I had that kind of crazy money but it's so many shelter animals it would not be smart.	Have you ever used Pandora Radio?	Yes! I enjoy the service, How about you?	I do too. I like to watch the World Cup.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002128	Hi do you like movies?	Good Afternoon! Yes, I do enjoy movies and I try to watch a new release at least once a month. You?	That is cool, do not do it as often. One of the ones that I admire the most is star wars series which started in 1977	I think the prequels are the best ones, I think the prequels are more expensive, but I think they are the best selling franchise of the 21st century
DSTC10TOPICAL-002129	I didn't know that, do you know if they still do that?	They still make rubber boots yes	Boots have a lot of interesting history in general. I believe the first people to ever be photographed were a man and the cleaner cleaning his boots.	I wonder if they were wearing boots and boots that were invented by surfers to keep their feet warm
DSTC10TOPICAL-002130	Yes it is indeed. I enjoy the Internet. It's addicting and can cause measurable changes in the brain.	It is hard to get away from the internet. Even Mt Everest has service!	Yes that is so hard to believe! When buying a product or service online, only 7% of people read the full terms.	I am not sure I would be able to read the terms of service on the internet.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002131	Did you know that Hugh Jackman once walked around comic con in his full wolverine costume and no one even noticed him?	haha I didn't know that. That's pretty cool! Sean Bean is so scared of flying that he hiked into location in full costume when filming the Lord of the Rings.	wow that is crazy.. There is a great pianist on tv right now - do you play?	I do not play any of the games but I do like to play the guitar. I like to play the guitar.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002132	I didnt know that, I wonder if players are ok with that, chips can gather all kinds of info and it can be a bit invasive	Well I think it is only during games so they can get velocity and rotation and such. They must be okay with it since they are keeping them in their pads	Oh I see, so this only applies to games, a thing I dont like about the game is that a lot of the times is wasted on ads, theres only a total of 11 minutes of live play	I think that is a lot of time to watch the game. I think that is a lot of money for the game.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002133	That is pretty cool that there is no written rule against them and hope to see them in the field soon	Yeah I hope so too. Did you know engineers make more int heir lifetime?	Yeah and I wonder if that fact that they have longer careers has anything to do with that	Yeah true. Do you know why the Saints have a cheerleaders?
DSTC10TOPICAL-002134	Ok, yes. It could. I'm not advocating that women. play. In fact, they'd be better off as engineers probably. The average lifetime earnings of an engineer is higher than the average lifetime earnings of an NFL player.	Probably due to injury related early retirement	True. Engineers have fewer concussions.	Yes and they have longer careers so they can be more
DSTC10TOPICAL-002135	There's a lot of money in European soccer. I guess it helps to diversity across sports and locations.	Yes, I imagine.	Soccer seems to be a game that's more fun to play than watch. I understand the appeal in countries where people grow up playing it. Recently some American got signed to a European team for a ton of cash. Maybe	I think that is a good idea. I think the world is more popular than the US.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002136	Oh I see, interesting, and yeah, I see your point that definitely sells movies or at least creates interest in them.	The fact that he was so well-known and considered a comic legend just shows how effective he was at those spots. Before Iron Man was released in 2008, many people didn't even realize comics were still being published.	I can imagine after all the whole Marvel franchise is live because of him and will keep on living long after his death.	I think that is a good thing to do. I think the Marvel superhero is a great movie.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002137	That's interesting, the evolutionary things are so cool, I get the hiccups a lot too.	Haha I think I have the right now. I'm just glad though that Scotland passed a lot to protect the Loch Ness monster back in 1912 just in case it exists lol	That's funny, I'd definitely be a lawyer in Switzerland to represent the animals, love them!	I think animals are very <unk> I think animals are so dominant and they are so dominant to the environment.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002138	You are kind of right, but definitely something underneath is going on with him.	I guess, maybe I don't think it's the big of deal to be upset as long as you acknowledge that it was wrong. A bit of anger can be healthy.	And I have to admit that the reporter was pushing him a little bit.	I think he was a good <unk> I think he was a good guy and he was a good coach.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002139	I think it is a good platform for that by the way.	Not everyone does though. Burger King had a promotions that you got a free whopper if you unfriend 10 people. I wonder what inspired that.	I think that Burger King was just looking for media attention which they got.	I think that is a good idea. I wonder if they have a promotion where you can get a free whopper if you unfriend 10 people on facebook
DSTC10TOPICAL-002140	Yes I actually have a DIY project in my home right now. Im watching YouTube to complete it.	It is such a great thing. There is actually NOTHING I have tried to look up that I didn't find!	I know, there is a ton of info available, even material from corporations like CBS and BBC, I think YouTube is a great invention.	I agree. I think it is a great way to get a free <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-002141	I have a passing knowledge	Same here. The highest scoring game ever was 222-0! That must have been something to watch!	Either the winning team was just that good or the losing team was just that bad	I think that was a good thing to win the <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-002142	It is true, I do enjoy watching the Super Bowl.	Me too although it was pretty boring this year.	Yeah, it was very boring.	I think it was a great thing to do with the <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-002143	What tv drama does he act in?	I don't like his movies to be honest. One more celebrity news is that actor Michael caine became an actor because all the prettiest girls at his school were in drama class.	Michael is one of my all-time favorite actors!	I think he is a great actor and I think he is a great actor and I think he is a great actor
DSTC10TOPICAL-002144	I may have seen one a very long time ago. Fox did not think it would succeed so they told George lucas if he directed it he would get all merchandising rights to himself. He must have made a fortune.	Oh I actually knew that about the films! He definitely made a fortune. They thought that the entire franchise would never make any money - especially when it came to toys and such. I bet they regret every bit of	Yes, and his wife Marcia was the reason they made all the good changes. She even won an award for it.	I think she was a great actress and I think she was a great actor and I think she was a great actor and I think she was a great actor
DSTC10TOPICAL-002145	Engineers came up with that! Probably a better profession for women to choose. The average lifetime earnings of an engineer are higher than the average lifetime earnings of an NFL player.	I wonder why that is! Maybe because engineers have to work longer? After all football games only have about 11 minutes of live game play.	True, but there is little risk of concussion as an engineer.	I think that is a good point. I think that the NFL has a lot of injuries and the players are so good to be able to play.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002146	I would certainly take the engineer career path in that case. It would certainly be much easier on your body.	Yes, can you believe that in the 60s top pro bowlers made twice as much as footballs players? Talk about a job that's easy on you body!	That would be much easier on your body. I can't imagine that paying more. Times have changed. Were you also aware that 14 of the world's 25 largest stadiums are American college football team stadiums?	I didn't know that. I wonder if they have a locker room for visiting teams teams
DSTC10TOPICAL-002147	Wow cool. Did you know that superbowl is very small compared to soccer events?	Wow, I guess since so many people around the works like the sport	Yeah true. Did you know Greenland cannot join FIFA?	I wonder if they have a chance to do that
DSTC10TOPICAL-002148	Yeah. Did you know women can play in the NFL?	Yea there is no rule against that as long as they qualify	Yes. The game average is only 11 minutes of play anyways	Yeah and yet they are glued to the tv for hours
DSTC10TOPICAL-002149	Isn't that crazy? Almost as crazy as the thought that it is impossible to separate two phonebooks whose pages have overlapped.	Yeah or that the cables carrying phone and internet data are under water lying on the oceans floor.	Are you a Simpsons fan? There is only one episode where Bart is not present, or even mentioned.	I am not a fan of the Simpsons but I do like the Simpsons.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002150	Yeah, I think I saw him play the piano in several films some of them had Jazz songs.	Clint is great! He is not much of a singer though. On a related note, Im astonished that Pakistan has a jazz orchestra. I did not imagine jazz as popular in that part of the world.	Pakistan has an orchestra? that is an interesting fact indeed, do you know why trumpeters grew goatees?	I think it is because they are not allowed to play in their music
DSTC10TOPICAL-002151	No, I've never heard anything like that. I did hear, though, that there's a website where you can listen to thousands of episodes of classic radio dramas for free although I never had the pleasure of doing so.	Interesting, I'm not a huge fan of classic radio dramas.	Me neither but I like to investigate old school. Old school is interesting. As a matter of old school, did you know that the circular huddle in football was created by Paul D. Hubbard, a deaf QB, so the other	I didn't know that. I wonder if the huddle was created by a deaf quarterback so the other team couldn't read his hand signals.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002152	For almost each trip I make when I don't know where it is, especially on out of town trips	same, i use it a lot when i'm going to familiar places too in order to see if there is traffic on the road or an accident	Whenever Google goes down even for one second, there is usually a big uproar by users	I think that is a good idea. I wonder if they have a lot of computing power than the first 400 <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-002153	yeah! it was founded back in 1923 and it is definitely approaching 100 years. That seems really insane to me	It definitely has established itself as a leader in the animation industry. Everyone knows who they are and has seen a Disney movie!	Yes I agree! What is your favorite Disney movie by the way? I really like The Little Mermaid and Beauty and the Beast	I like the Lion King, I think it was the first Disney film directed by a woman.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002154	No! What teams did that?	Georgia Tech versus Cumberland.	That sounds like two college teams. That couldn't have been any time recently right?	Yeah I think so. I think the team is the best team in the world and they have a lot of <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-002155	No I didn't know that! Doesn't seem like that makes any sense to me haha. Did you know that our rules for elections changed in 1805?	I agree. No I did not. How did they change?	Originally the runner-up would become vice president. So in our last election we would had vice president Hillary Clinton and president Trump. Talk about a lot of drama haha	I would be a good reality show. I would be a reality show if I could get a chance.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002156	That is crazy! You could buy an xbox for a whole lot less! Did you know that South Korea has laws on how late at night kids can play video games?	no! How late? do you know?	I do. They can't play past midnight.	I think they are a good player but I don't know how they play the game.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002157	It is very helpful to view football though.	Yes. A simple thing can make a huge difference.	Yes, most of the best inventions are very simple. Do you like the Patriots?	I do like the Patriots. I think they are the best player in the world
DSTC10TOPICAL-002158	Power to the animals! Germany also protects them as they were the first country to universally give animals constitutional rights!	That's hilarious! There's a jellyfish that can live forever.	Wow. blessing and a curse I suppose. I hate getting the hiccups but apparently its from early evolution of having both gills and lungs.	I think that is a holdover from evolution when land animals had gills and lungs.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002159	I have read some. Mostly online. I was never a Marvel fan until the movies came out though. Unless it was someone big like Spiderman. It amazing how release times of movies can affect each other.	Spiderman is very popular. The rights cost Sony $10 mill	They seem like a company who should make that much. They created a superhero for a 4 year old boy, just so he would be more comfortable about his hearing aids.	I think that is a good one. I think he is a great character and he is a great character.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002160	Hi, how are you? Are you ready for a fine chat today?	For sure. Do you watch the NFL at all?	The NFL? The National Football League? Yes, I've heard of it. Is it any good?	I think it is a good game but I think it is a good game to be honest.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002161	Yeah I agree with you on that. Do you know what the average actual time of gameplay is for an average NFL game?	Something like 10 minutes, right? I think I heard that when they were talking about the chips in the shoulder pads of the players.	Yeah it's only 11 minutes of actual gameplay, the rest is spent calling plays and moving chains and stuff. Yeah I have heard about that too, very interesting.	I agree. I think it's funny that the NFL has no written rule against female players.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002162	I don't know. I think their hands are a bit tied because there are not many options for Quarterback on the team.	I was hoping that the Giants would put him to play instead of Eli	I think they will. Eli is already 37 years old.	I think he is a great player and he is a great player.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002163	It was really good. A different type of marvel movie which was great	I like the comedy ones. i am not really into explosions and fight scenes. they get old.	That is a good point, seeing it once was good enough to like. It was so nice chatting with you!	It was nice chatting with you as well. Have a great day!
DSTC10TOPICAL-002164	That is a lot. Did you know there is a town , where the Mayor is a cat?	I think that is in Alaska, right?	Yes, the town is Talkeetna, and the cat has been major since 1997	That is a great cat. I wonder if they have a cat named Stubbs as mayor since 1997.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002165	What kind of book is it?	I suppose it depends on who you ask. I believe that he believes it's spiritual but a critic called it cult like and creepy.	What do you think though?	I think it is a good idea. I think it is a great way to get a free <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-002166	That was a good game. They started out as a playing card company. I didn't know they owned the Mariners.	No I didn't know that either. I also didn't know that they made a handheld system just for the game Pokemon back in 2001, I wonder what system that was	I never heard of that either. I wonder if it was only for the Japanese market? At the Mariners games, you can install an app for the 3DS to order food.	I would love to see that. I wonder if they have a <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-002167	Hahaha I wonder. Do you know what the highest score in football is?	Yeah, that would be the Georgia Tech crushing of Cumberland, 222-0. Ouch!	I know I wonder how they felt after that	I think it was a good idea to do that. Did you know that the first president of Zimbabwe was called President Banana?
DSTC10TOPICAL-002168	Yes, I do! I just hope it is not hosted by Jimmy Kimmel again. Do you plan on watching?	yes if i can remember the day. will you have a viewing party?	Usually just watch it by myself. What does a viewing party consist of exactly?	I think it is a good way to get a <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-002169	It's amazing how much technology is used in the NFL these days	Yes, I was reading about the chips that they're using in shoulder pads. I hope the data they gather that way will be used to prevent injuries.	And it's interesting how ESPN won an Emmy for that yellow line they created.	I think that was a great invention! I think that the Emmy is the yellow line that ESPN won an emmy for the superimposed yellow line representing the first down line to american football games.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002170	Do you watch the rest of the NFL? I do even though there is 11 minutes of actual action in a 3 hour broadcast.	I do, games tend to be really long and Im not convinced by that fact, games seem to last a lot longer, gameplay and all, I wonder if its actually true	Well the NFL tracks everything. They even have chips in shoulder pads and footballs for tracking so I am pretty sure they are accurate.	I think they are the tracking chips in the shoulder pads and footballs.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002171	Yeah he is definitely very smart. I guess there is also a theory where there is just one electron in the whole universe as well.	hmm that is strange I haven't heard that, kim jong un has a degree in physics so maybe he knows haha	Holy cow, I didn't know that about him, very interesting.	I think he was a great actor and I think he was a great actor too.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002172	Are you a fan of Tom Cruise?	I do like some of his movies.	Did you know Seinfeld is worth more than Tom Cruise and Tom Hanks combined?	I did not know that. I know that he is a great actor and I think he is a great actor
DSTC10TOPICAL-002173	Yeah I hope we get to see them in the field at some point	Yeah me too. THe gameplay is only 11 minutes anyways	Yes and yet we are glued to the tv for hours on end	True. Engineers make more than footballers
DSTC10TOPICAL-002174	That's interesting! Will you be watching the Superbowl? I heard it's coming up	I hope the Eagles make it again. Hopefully they don't have to set up a court though	Ha. I don't usually watch football but will probably watch the Superbowl. The suspense is exciting.	I like the Patriots and the Patriots and the Patriots are the best of the Super Bowl losses
DSTC10TOPICAL-002175	I do not really, are they good? Maybe I should check them out	Well there is a free website of them if you would like to check it out	Yeah that is nice. Did you know that there is a radio station that turns solar energy into tunes	I did not know that. I wonder if it is a radio station that translates solar activity into sound and you can listen to the sun's music
DSTC10TOPICAL-002176	That seems unfair. A lot about football seems unfair. For example, New Orleans Saints cheerleaders can't eat in the same restaurant as any NFL player. If they are already dining at a restaurant and an NFL player comes in after,	That is so wrong and sexist, I cannot believe they still have that rule. Did you know ESPN won an Emmy once?	I believe it. ESPN has been around for a long time. They should have won at least once.	I think that is a good way to get the money for the superimposed yellow line.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002177	I bet they are regretting this choice and someone definetely got fired lol, It sure cost them billions.	The franchise itself is worth $65 billion.	I like that Star Wars explored the universe, although many things of the movie are fiction it made me wonder as a kid, you know that there are stars that are cold enough that can be touched with bare hands	I didn't know that. I wonder if the universe is a giant hologram?
DSTC10TOPICAL-002178	That is interesting, it goes to show just how big the NFL has gotten since then.	I think engineers make more, as well.	Over the average career they do, I think it takes in account how long their careers are compared to pro sports players.	I think that is a good point. I think that the NFL has more money than football players in the world combined.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002179	Good morning! Yes, I am. What about you?	I watch mostly college, but I tend to watch most during playoff time.	That's cool, I like NFL football.	I like the Patriots and the Patriots and the Patriots are the best QB in the history of the NFL.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002180	Yeah I recently just found that out. Would you say you're pretty religious?	You would think since there's only 11 minutes of live NFL gameplay, we'd at least have a female kicker by now, right? But I do like to read the Bible from time to time. What about you?	Right, I can't believe it's so short considering a game is like 3 hours long when watching it. I am not too religious but I do read the Bible from time to time	I read that the Bible is a complex process, but the military is not a good thing.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002181	I didn't know that. What did they win it for?	It was pretty strange but they got it for inventing the superimposed yellow line	Interesting! RB Former RB Benjarvus Green-Ellis never fumbled during his NFL career. That's pretty incredible.	That is a lot of money. I wonder how many people have been on the field for a long time.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002182	Right!! Are you interested in football history? I'm looking forward to the Super Bowl coming up. The original first NFL playoff game was way back in 1932.	That is wild, to be honest I kind of thought that playoff games happened earlier than that, I do know that the highest scoring football game was 222-0 although I don't remember what teams were playing	Wow. That must have been some boring game! The game today is so technologically involved. They even use tracking chips to monitor the ball speed, etc. and the players moves.	I think that is a good idea. I wonder if they have a tracking chips in the shoulder pads and footballs.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002183	Matt Patricia is a male lol, he is a rocket scientist and also a coach in the NFL	Wow, I feel a little embarrassed for not knowing that, first chance I get I will read upon him.	Patricia its a girls name so don't worry its an honest mistake, he must be a really smart guy though being a rocket scientist and all	I think he is a smart guy. He is a smart guy and he is a smart guy.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002184	New orleans saints cheerleaders are forbidden from eating in the same restaurant as any nfl player and if they are already dining at a restaurant and an nfl player comes in after, the cheerleaders are required to leave. Isn't this	Yeah, that's pretty crazy. The average lifetime earnings of an engineer is higher than the average lifetime earnings of an nfl player and an average mlb player.	Now that's suprising. I wonder how much would that be	I think it is a good thing to do. I think it is a great way to get a lot of people in the world
DSTC10TOPICAL-002185	Hi there, do you watch the NFL games?	The NFL? The National Football League? I've heard of it. Is that still around?	Yeah of course it is a big deal nowadays. Much bigger than in the 60 when Bowling was a bigger sport	I guess it makes sense to watch football and football in the sport
DSTC10TOPICAL-002186	Same here. The highest scoring game ever was 222-0! That must have been something to watch!	Either the winning team was just that good or the losing team was just that bad	Or both! Did you know in the NFL they only play for around 11 minutes per game?	I did not know that. I wonder if they have a tracking chips in the shoulder pads and the players to track their moves
DSTC10TOPICAL-002187	Well he is doing what it takes to stay at the top of his game at age 40	coupled with avocado ice cream as well.	Did you know that the visiting football teams is completely painted pink ?	I did not know that. I wonder if they have a pink locker room pink
DSTC10TOPICAL-002188	A Mars colonization project planned for 2023 will be funded by creating a reality TV show.	What the heck, I wonder who will sign up for that show?	HAHA no idea!	I think that the president of Indonesia has released 3 pop albums while in office.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002189	Me too. Hopefully nothing wrong with Lebron	im not a lebron fan !!! im hoping something is a little wrong with him haha	whatever. Btw, do you watch football games this season	I do watch the playoffs and the playoffs and the playoffs and the playoffs and the playoffs
DSTC10TOPICAL-002190	Google employees that need help could improve their knowledge by reading it.	Did you know robots can be controlled by using rat brains?	I heard that it's personality is changed depending on the brain they used.	I think that is a good idea. I wonder if the <unk> of the <unk> is the <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-002191	Yes they do. I wonder how big they are.	Me too! Interesting that they live underwater too	seems like you can't escape bugs anywhere from the ocean to the sky	I think that is a good way to get the <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-002192	He really does, he was drafted as a number one pick in 2005 too.	Do you go to football games? I've been to one once in my life at Indiana University.	Ive been to quite a few at Florida State, but no pro games. There is only 11 minutes of live action anyway	I think that is a good point. I think that the NFL has a lot of standing in the game.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002193	That's great. Did you know that espn won an award.	Yes! It is so interesting to learn the history behind things such as the symbols representing first down lines in American football games.	I haven't heard about those. I do know they are going to add tracking chips in the padding of the players.	I think they are tracking chips in the shoulder pads and footballs.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002194	I honestly can say I do not remember a science fiction film winning an Oscar for best picture. It usually ends up be some dramatic movie or something. Its possible they may have won before my time, but I don't	Yeah, what's you're favorite sci-fi film?	Off the top of my head I can't think of one. I love movies dealing with aliens and such though. I also enjoy when the sci fi has a little bit of a fear element to it. What is your	I like the movie and I like the movie <unk> I like the movie <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-002195	I am not positive, but I think the original 1977.	Yea that one is my favorite. It's crazy the entire Star Wars franchise is worth 65 billion	Wow yes, I remember it was one of the most popular and high rated movie that brought in millions.	I think it was a great movie. I think it was a great movie.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002196	I hope so too. On another topic, do you know anything about the Bible?	I do actually. I know that is has sold over 5 billion copies now	That is a lot of books. I guess that is why is one of the most influential books in history	I think it is a good book. I think it's interesting that the author of the book is the author of the book of the book
DSTC10TOPICAL-002197	Hello, How are you? Do you like football?	Football? Yes, it is a great game! The world loves the football!	Yes, especially the US, the NFL. were you meaning the soccer game?	I do not know that but I do know that the US has a lot of <unk> and the world cup is more popular than the US
DSTC10TOPICAL-002198	Do you watch the NFL?	A little, you? I can't watch like i use to years ago so im not current.	Which of the 32 teams is your favorite?	I like the <unk> I like the <unk> and the <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-002199	I guess? They say Shakespeare's works take on a different meaning when performed with an era appropriate accent instead of a modern one. I think I'd like to watch and listen to one.	I would too. I wonder if he could play piano?	He may have, he seemed very talented. Can you play piano?	I used to play piano when I was younger. I was a kid. I used to play piano when I was younger.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002200	I can't even imagine what it must have felt like to lose that badly. I think the game should have been stopped.	Yea that is a pretty appalling performance by Cumberland, there hasn't been a worse performance in over a 100 years	That's an interesting fact. What do you think about the team that painted the opposing teams locker room pink?	I think that is a tactic to intimidate the team. I wonder if they have a pink locker room for the visiting teams
DSTC10TOPICAL-002201	It is 222-0 and it dates back to 1916 when Georgia Tech beat Cumberland	Yeah what a game really. Did you know ESPN won an Emmy once?	Yeah they won it for the superimposed yellow line and I am happy about that .	I think it was a great invention! I think it was a great invention of the superimposed yellow line representing the first down line for american football games.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002202	222-0. I dont even see how that is possible. That one team must have been really bad.	Perhaps a combination of the winning team being just that good and the losing team being so bad	Ive seen some blow outs, but never by that much.	I think it is a good way to get the ball and the ball is the best.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002203	I would think for sure Trump would be the wealthiest! Maybe Trump could make some pop albums while in office like the president in Indonesia did! haha, that would bring in more money! Then he could have concerts too! haha,	Maybe he can make it to the top 3 if he sold a decent amount of albums lol, it would be crazy and it is sure fun to imagine.	Wouldn't it! I wonder if the president ever goes to any Football games or goes to concerts, or rather have them come to him lol....I love concerts and have been to many but not any lately.	I think the Ramones played a lot of concerts in the past 20 years.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002204	Yeah and won an award for it.	Do you like baseball? A married couple scheduled all the games up until 2005. In fact they scheduled 2430 games.	That is a lot of time dedicated to baseball lol I hope they got paid! It is nice when couples have a hobby that they are so passionate about though.	I agree. I think it's funny that the first king to travel around the world was King Kalakaua of Hawaii.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002205	They did not use a Bible at their swearing-in ceremonies. I think they swore on the Constitution.	It interesting how the work apple came about	That is an interesting coincidence. The word "malus" means both apple and evil. So Eve actually ate evil.	I didn't know that. I wonder if they have a <unk> <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-002206	Wow. Do you like the nfl?	I sure do. Did you know Snoop Dog wrote a song for his son's team?	Cool. Did you know U of Iowa painted the visitor locker room pink?	I wonder if that is why they painted the visitor locker room pink
DSTC10TOPICAL-002207	That is crazy, then why does it take 3 hours? Seems like it should move along faster.	They must be going from snap to whistle but that still seems way low.	I agree with that, it must be all the commercials	I think it is a good thing to do. I think it is a great way to get a lot of money and then they are a lot of money
DSTC10TOPICAL-002208	Ya, I would say that from my experience that means that 40% of the music on a canadian radio is probably not very good haha	Right!! Are you interested in football history? I'm looking forward to the Super Bowl coming up. The original first NFL playoff game was way back in 1932.	That is wild, to be honest I kind of thought that playoff games happened earlier than that, I do know that the highest scoring football game was 222-0 although I don't remember what teams were playing	I think that was a good game. I wonder if the game was the highest scoring football game ever in 1916
DSTC10TOPICAL-002209	Oh for sure! Do you like science at all?	I do like science, I think that scientists make big contributions to society, they make human kind better and smarter.	Well said! Did you know the NFL has a coach who was a rocket scientist?	I did not know that. I wonder if he has a rocket scientist or a rocket scientist
DSTC10TOPICAL-002210	Yes I guess they also have longer careers to it adds up	True. Did you hear of that rule for Saints cheerleaders?	Yes they are not allowed to eat in the same place as the players	Yes and they have to leave mid meal if they walk in
DSTC10TOPICAL-002211	You never know I guess, time will tell. Did you hear about them using tracking chips on the players while in the field?	I knew they track he balls, but they track players too?	Yes it is in their shoulder pads and they are tracking stuff like velocity and rotation and such	Yeah I wonder how they track that and how they track the stats
DSTC10TOPICAL-002212	Yes that was for the indian releases because they were afraid to insult them	Yeah. Do you like fiction work?	I do. Do you know who wrote the oldest example of a cyborg?	Yes he wrote a cyborg in Hercules and Oedipus
DSTC10TOPICAL-002213	Um, no, I don't. I don't know much about football. There are many teams in many places and many players with many faces.	Yeah that is true. Do you know how many teams are there?	There are probably 2 or 3 dozen that are good at football. Good enough to be professional.	I think that is a good point. I think the NFL has a lot of money and the players are so good at the game.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002214	Yeah I think I have read about that rule, seems a bit outdated to me.	Yea, there is no way anyone would support that or they would be fighting for their rights	Agreed, did you know that there is NO rule on female players?	I did not know that. I wonder if there is a rule against female players in the NFL?
DSTC10TOPICAL-002215	I would imagine that the graphics were very different between the 3 different versions.	Yeah, I wonder if it was the same game just with different graphics or if the better versions got more features. That would've confused the heck outta me, having 3 versions of the same game.	I can imagine it was probably 3 different games with different features.	I think it is a game that has been around for a long time.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002216	yes, i dont really know golf and swimming well but they look like interesting activities.	Same here. I've heard that students at Cornell have to pass a basic swimming test before they can graduate.	i wonder where that came from. maybe other colleges require the same sort of things, i dunno.	I think it was a good idea to be honest.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002217	yea that rule forbidding cheerleader from the same place as football players is outdated and sexist	I agree. Pretty funny that U of Iowa painted their visitor's locker room pink though	Yea, Iowa must be trying to psych out the visiting team with those pink locker rooms lol	I wonder if they would have to do that pink locker room
DSTC10TOPICAL-002218	No I haven't. How much can stars make?	Some make more than 100,000 per weekend!	Wow, pretty cool. Seems like it would be good to break up the routine as well.	I agree. I wonder if they have a good <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-002219	That would be scary. When you turn 100 in Japan, the PM sends you a silver cup to celebrate.	Do a lot of people turn a 100 in Japan?	Apparently they do. They will need to start making cheaper silver cups lol.	I would be a good idea. I would be a good idea.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002220	I like to watch football, yeah, not my favorite sport but its nice	Yeah I watch it from time to time too. DO you like Tom Brady?	He is the QB for the Patriots right? I guess he is a great player, I watched the last Super bowl and he threw an amazing pass	I think he was a great QB and he was a great QB and he was a great quarterback.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002221	it does i only know that the super bowl is in the first week of February.	They only rest one of the 17 weeks of the season.	Yes it's called a bye week. apparently the patriots fans have their own creed called in bill we trust.	I wonder if they are the <unk> of the <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-002222	I do sometimes. Did you know you can catch Jupiter's storms on am radio	Wow cool. Among the most popular radio acts in the 30s was a ventriloquist	Hmm interesting. Have you ever heard of foxhole radio and what they are?	Yes they are required by law, 40% of the music played be canadian
DSTC10TOPICAL-002223	Oh I think I would have too haha. Maybe back when it was painted people cared less about football, like in the 1960s when even bowlers made more money.	Yeah I think that Bowlers made like twice as much as football stars actually, what do you think about ESPN winning an Emmy though? They want it back or creating the yellow line that you see in football for first	Oh I didn't know that! I think that's nice though, they certainly deserve recognition for it. I know Benjarvus Green-Ellis never fumbled the ball, I wonder if he got an award for it too.	I think he was a great player. I wonder how he got his name?
DSTC10TOPICAL-002224	That is probably because they want to raise awareness of breast cancer. A lot of football players get breast cancer.	Maybe, I do not know the reason behind it. Bowlers seems made more money in the 60s than the football players	Bowlers probably were the ideal athletes back in the day and got respect for it. They never painted the lanes or the ball pink. Little breast cancer awareness.	I think that is a good point. I wonder if they have a locker room for visiting teams teams
DSTC10TOPICAL-002225	i loved the movie. did you watch it?	No, but I guess I better watch the DVD. Is it time for woman's equality among the superheroes?	yeah. it was the highest grossing superhero origin movie?	I think it was a great movie. I think it was a great movie.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002226	Hello. Do you use Google much? A single Google search is so powerful!	I love Google, it is the #1 search engine, how about you	Yes I love it too. I mention that it was a powerful search engine. A single search requires more computing power than it took to send Neil Armstrong to the moon.	That is a lot of power, I wonder how much computing power that took to send Armstrong to the moon?
DSTC10TOPICAL-002227	Oh my gosh, you are a wealth of knowledge. I love it	Bugs sure are interesting, to think they can be found in almost every environment!	I imagine that there is a vast amount of species of insects and bugs. I never would've realized that there are even bugs in the ocean.	I think that is a good question. I wonder if they are the same species of animals that are domesticated and have been domesticated since they are domesticated
DSTC10TOPICAL-002228	I did not know that! I wonder how many have tried out for the NFL.	I don't think any have tried. It would have been big news.	Yeah. I wonder if it will ever happen.	I wonder if they will be able to do it in the future.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002229	wow that is interesting. did you watch wonder woman?	I did, and it was a great movie! It's no wonder that it's the highest-grossing superhero movie	yeah and also the highest grossing WWI movie too	I think it was a great movie. I think it was a great movie.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002230	Yeah, kissing is kind of a weird concept though when you think about it. There is a contest where writers try to come up with the worst possible opening sentence to a novel. I wonder what it is.	Hmm, coming up with the worse opening line in a novel actually sounds quite challenging	Yeah, I'm betting some of them are pretty funny.	I think that the NBA is the best paid athletes in the world.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002231	Hi there, do you watch the NFL?	Yes, I like to watch nfl games, do you like the games also?	Yes me too. Did you know the U of Iowa visitor locker room is pink?	I wonder if that is why they painted the opposing team locker room
DSTC10TOPICAL-002232	ahhh, sorry ;) I thought we're talking about a game where players use their feet to kick the ball :)	That'	That's football :)	I think it is a good sport to be honest.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002233	They really did here we are almost 50 years later and it is still going strong!	That's my childhood! It shocks me to see that the value of the Star Wars franchise is $65 billion!	And that makes it only the 5th highest grossing media franchise. I wonder what beat it?	I think it was a good movie, I think it was a great movie, I think it was a great movie
DSTC10TOPICAL-002234	They have certainly grown pretty fast. I love YouTube!	i do too! i also like google maps. Do you use that a lot?	For almost each trip I make when I don't know where it is, especially on out of town trips	I wonder if they have a toll roads in Japan and they have to travel by plane or air travel
DSTC10TOPICAL-002235	well they stuck to it it seems. Did you know U of Iowa painted the visitor locker room pink?	I think that has something to do with the breast cancer awareness movement or something.	I am not sure actually. I hope that is the reason. Did you know bowlers made more money than football players in the 60s?	I guess it was popular in the 1960s but it was popular in the 60s
DSTC10TOPICAL-002236	Did you know that New Orleans Saints cheerleaders cannot eat in the same restaurant as a Saints player? They have to leave the place if the player comes in.	I recently seen this somewhere, and thought was outrageous.	I think it is outrageous too because what if the cheerleader is with her family? Does that mean the cheerleader has to immediately stop eating and leave?	I think that is a good point. I think that is a good thing to do with the cheerleaders and the cheerleaders are forbidden from eating in the same restaurant as any NFL player.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002237	I didn't, but that makes sense. I think they got an Emmy for it! Aren't the Emmy's for TV shows? That's so weird.	To them it is still a show I guess. In 1916 georgia tech won 222 to zero	What?! That's crazy. And since an average game is only 11 minutes in actual live gameplay, that's especially insane!	I know right, I wonder how much the game has to be 11 minutes of gameplay
DSTC10TOPICAL-002238	No, especially high school football. I find really boring. You?	Yeah I follow the NFL just a bit, but only my local team I would say.	I have to agree with the parents who don't want their children to play because of health concerns	I think that is a good thing to do. I think it is a good thing to be able to do it.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002239	Women can play football? What does ESPN think of this? I suppose it doesn't effect their yellow line.	The game is really not that long, the average game is only 11 minutes of live gameplay	11 minutes is not that long a game, even for anyone to play!	I think that is a good point. I wonder if they have a tracking chips in the shoulder pads and footballs.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002240	I agree. Do you know where the button down is?	Yes that is the collar tips fasten to the body of the shirt. ANd button down?	Button down is when they do not fasten to the shirt	I wonder why they wore it because they wore black shirts and khaki pants.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002241	Yeah. DO you like the NFL?	I love it. Did you know women can play in the NFL too?	Yes as there is no rule that prevents them from playing	Yes and they have no rule against them
DSTC10TOPICAL-002242	Hi, I watch occasionally. Most big games like Super Bowl.	I didn't watch the Super Bowl this year. The Patriots won again, right?	Yes they did. The coach Belichick is the winningest coach in NFL postseason football with 21 wins. 20 of those with the Pats.	I think he is a good coach, he is the only one to win the superbowl
DSTC10TOPICAL-002243	Brady has to come crashing down eventually, with Belichick.	Yeah I would say that run is about over. It was a good one though. They dominated for a long time.	They were fun to watch before they were always expected to win	I think they are the best team to win the world series and they are the best team ever.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002244	That shows how quickly things can change. Most pro football players don't have long careers. I wonder how much they make compared to other professions over their lifetime.	Well, I also read that average lifetime earnings of an engineer is higher than the average lifetime earnings of an average NFL player.	That's pretty interesting. Do you read the bible much or are you not religious?	I read a bible in the elementary school. I read that the Bible was required to read parts of the Bible and <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-002245	Yea I am more of a dog person. Haha yeah I would agree with you. All they do is sleep. At the age of 15 , a cat will have spent 10 of those years sleeping. So boring! !	How do cats always have good things happen to them though? I mean the stray cat found on set that was then in the Godfather is probably living the good life.	Yes I bet he is. Must be that whole 9 lives business. They can just relive until they get good fortune. Also quite surprising there are 70 cat breeds, seems like a lot to me.	I think they are a lot of blood types, I wonder if they have blood drives for dogs
DSTC10TOPICAL-002246	From personal experience, I can confirm that football is religion in the south.	You having southern experience, did you know the New Orleans cheerleaders are forbidden from eating at a restaurant that a player is in? That's crazy, almost as crazy as the Rams robbing the Saints from being in the Super Bowl.	Yes, and if the cheerleaders are eating and the players come in the restaurant, the cheerleaders have to leave.	I think that is a good point. I wonder if they have a rule against the cheerleaders?
DSTC10TOPICAL-002247	Well, that is awesome, I guess he did get what he wanted.	I guess? They say Shakespeare's works take on a different meaning when performed with an era appropriate accent instead of a modern one. I think I'd like to watch and listen to one.	I would too. I wonder if he could play piano?	I don't know. I wonder if he played piano guitar in the <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-002248	Yeah I know but they got it after all. Do you know who Benjarvus Green-Ellis is?	Never heard of him. Is he famous? What does he do?	yeah he is a former QB who never fumbled the ball in his career	I wonder if he was a good player or a <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-002249	Oh wow, I guess they had a lot of money back then. did you know the guest house is larger than the white house?	haha I didn't know that seems odd, also odd is the president of Zimbabwe's name is President Banana haha	yeah I wonder if that means something else in their language though	I wonder too. Did you know the president of Indonesia has released 3 pop albums while in office?
DSTC10TOPICAL-002250	Oh interesting. House is awesome because of Hugh Laurie. Makes sense he makes 700,000 per episode.	that was so much money per episode. He made the show awesome for sure!	Yes no doubt about that. He is the highest paid actor for any tv drama!	I think he is a good actor. I think he is a great actor and he is a great actor.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002251	I might look it up and tune in after this chat haha. How do you feel the president of the united states is doing?	I am surprised that he is not in the top 3 wealthiest presidents.	After inflation, I am surprised as well. He comes from a business background, so I was expecting him to be able to make much better decisions. It just goes to show you that politics are a much different beast than	I agree. I think that the president of Indonesia has released 3 pop albums while in office.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002252	Yeah pretty neat. THe game only has 11 minutes of active play after all	Yeah that is short and we are glued to the tv for so long watching the game	Exactly. Did you know engineers make more than them over their lifetime?	Yes they have longer careers than they do
DSTC10TOPICAL-002253	I have not. cold stars? i thought stars were hot.	I did too. But apparently there are stars in the known universe that are cold enough to be touched by the human hand.	i guess that could be interesting. i would rather mars. or the moon.	I think it would be a good way to build a building blocks of life in the planetary system
DSTC10TOPICAL-002254	I don't think I've seen any of those.	ok cool.	Have you watched any of them?	I have seen the show but I have seen it in a while. I like the show <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-002255	I don't know what year it was, just that they were the first team to win back to back World Series and they haven't won since.	The World Series is popular in the US, but not around the world. In fact, the women's world cup gets a bigger TV audience. Maybe if they allowed women in the MLB, things would change.	Yes, who knows!	I think that the president of Indonesia has released 3 pop albums while in office.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002256	I liked to play with my dad when I was younger, but don't keep much up with it now. I like football and other sports more. How about you?	I played more when I was younger and had more free time. I'm a bigger football fan. Did you know that the University of Iowa had their visitors locker room painted pink? Must have been to mess with opponents minds.	Yeah, but seems a little sexist, frankly. It's a pretty sexist industry of a whole, despite technically allowing women to play.	I think that is a good point. I think that the women are not allowed to wear pants on the Senate floor until 1993.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002257	Hi, how are you?	I'm doing good, how about yourself?	I am well, thanks! Do you watch the olympics?	I do like to watch the Olympics. I don't like to watch the Olympics.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002258	At my age, I prefer to play baseball, but prefer to watch football. You?	I don't play either anymore haha although I'm not that old. I like to watch football a little bit more but they run during different seasons so I can watch both.	You know, back in the 1960s, bowlers would make more money than football players. Now that is a sport I cannot understand why people would watch rather than play.	I think that is a good way to make money for the sport and then the other team is the highest paid player in the world.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002259	Hello, do you like the movie Batman?	I sure do. Do you know what is was originally based on?	I do not know what , what? There were also plans to build a gotham city theme park	I wonder if they have a <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-002260	Hello, do you like Walt Disney?	I like Disney! How about you!	I do as well. Did you know Minnie Mouse's name is short for Minerva Mouse?	I did not know that. I know Minnie Mouse's name is Minerva
DSTC10TOPICAL-002261	I sure do. How about yourself?	Me too. Did you know women can play in the NFL too?	Did not know there, are there limitations though?	I think they are a lot of <unk> and <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-002262	I have never heard of that and I don't think I'll want to visit any time soon. I do want to watch a live football game some time though, have you ever been to one?	ya it was a long time ago, I personally only like games on tv, much cheaper and easier to see, I'm glad espn invented the yellow first down line on tv haha	Yeah and they even won an emmy or some type of award for it, I wonder what category that invention for that award falls under.	I think it was a good game to win the award for the superimposed yellow line
DSTC10TOPICAL-002263	Yeah I guess. Good for them for playing till the end. ESPN won an award once, an Emmy, do you know what for? It is related to football?	I heard about this, they won the emmy for creating the virtual yellow line on the field, right? !	Yeah that was it. Apparently bowlers made more money than football players back in the 60s	I guess football players have a lot of money for the superimposed yellow line
DSTC10TOPICAL-002264	I am really not that into football but I do follow it some. I heard something funny one time. That the university of iowa's visiting locker room is painted completely pink	Yeah I wonder what the reasoning behind that was. Did you know women can play too?	Wow I didn't know that. I saw that an average nfl game has only 11 minutes of actual play time	That is crazy, I wonder if they have a tracking chips in the shoulder pads and the players to track their moves
DSTC10TOPICAL-002265	We always watch the Superbowl, will have a couple people over but nothing big. I am rooting for the Patriots though!	haha me too, do you like Michael Caine? I guess he only got into acting to chase cute girls haha	Haha, that's funny! He made the right choice to get into drama! I like Jim Carrey in Drama films but he won't do drama anymore. Love his comedy too though.	I think he is a good actor, but I think he is a good actor but I think he is a good actor
DSTC10TOPICAL-002266	Cool. Brady was a backup QB in high school and was never started	wow they wasted a good chance to win some games there	Yeah. Do you know Alex Smith completed college in two years?	Yes he was a college guy and finished college in two years
DSTC10TOPICAL-002267	Maybe he can sell it for a profit later on, and use his celebrity status to up the price. Are you a fan of the Star Wars films?	yeah that is possible. that will still not be enough to lift the ban that the city of paris put on him	Paris banned Tom Cruise? Why?	I think he was a <unk> but I guess he was a good actor.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002268	Somewhat, I know he's a rapper and was in Degrassi	Nice. He graduated high school at the age of 25 in 2012. He must have quit and went back?	I guess so, most people graduate college before 25, not high school like Drake	I think he was a good rapper, he was a great rapper, he was a great rapper, he was a great rapper.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002269	Yeah, all the miracles and resurrection. Up until 1963 the Bible was a required read in elementary education	Not surprising. I'm glad they took that out though. I don't think religion should be forced on kids.	Me too, it is a choice. The Biblical tower of Babel seem to be based on a real building that exists today	I wonder if the biblical tower of Babel was based on a real building, but it was a <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-002270	I see. do you know that the highest score ever in a football game occurred in 1916, and the score was 222-0	Yes, I had heard that before! I wonder how much money football players made in that time. I heard that in the 1960s it was only half as much as popular bowlers of the time.	Yeah, that fact surprised me a lot.	I think it is a great thing to do. I think it is a great thing to do.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002271	What do you think about the dodo bird? I'm kind of sad that it is extinct but at least it is related to pigeons	I would love to of seen a real dodo, they look much cooler than pigeons	Yep I agree. It's crazy to me that bird bones are actually Hollow and weigh less than their feathers	That is pretty cool. I wonder if they have a rib in the size of the <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-002272	Yes, and that James Cameron decided to quit his truck driving job to enter the film industry after watching Star Wars?	Talk about a good career move that would pay off down the road! Marcia Lucas was the reason for some major changes to the original movie and won an academy award for editing the film.	Another fun fact that I learned is that there's a toy Hans Solo in every Firefly episode. I loved Firefly too!	I love the <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-002273	Yeah, that is pretty crazy. Did you know an iphone has more computing power than the entire US Nuclear ICBM deterrent.	Isn't that crazy? I didn't know that. Unicef will donate a day of clean water to a child in need for every minute you don't use your cell phone. Sign me up. lol	Interesting. Did you know that Jupiter has radio storms that can be heard on AM radio here?	I did not know that. I wonder if they have a radio station that translates solar activity into sound and you can listen to the sun's music
DSTC10TOPICAL-002274	That's a ton of animals! There is a lawyer in Switzerland who represents animals in court.	Power to the animals! Germany also protects them as they were the first country to universally give animals constitutional rights!	That's hilarious! There's a jellyfish that can live forever.	I wonder if they have a jellyfish that is immortal
DSTC10TOPICAL-002275	Wow he must have really liked comedy then and I guess he did pretty well so no regrets there	Exactly. Have you heard of bromantic comedies?	Hmm I am not sure what those are, are they a special kind of comedy?	I think they are a comedy and comedy and comedy
DSTC10TOPICAL-002276	Wow that is amazing. Do you know who Brian May is?	Yes the lead guitarist of the Queen who is also a genius scientist	He sure is, with a degree in astrophysics and a PhD at that, that is impressive	I wonder if he has a phd in astrophysics
DSTC10TOPICAL-002277	Hello. Are you a fan of jazz?	I like to listen to it live	Neat! Jazz originated in New Orleans.	I didn't know that. I know that jazz trumpeters grew goatees because it provided comfort when playing.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002278	Yeah seems like a really long time, 17 weeks, do you have a favorite team? mine is in the AFC division or American Football Conference	Nice I do not have a favorite team I just watch the games. DO you know who Benjarvus Green-Ellis is?	He used to play for the Patriots right? yeah I know who he is, why do you ask?	He was a QB in the NFL and he was a backup QB in the NFL.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002279	I find it unlikely. What is his new book about?	its basically his strategy for how he became successful, I think its worth a read, can't believe hes 40 and is tied for the superbowl record	That is pretty amazing. Are you a fan of football?	I am a fan of football. I like the Patriots and the Patriots and the Patriots
DSTC10TOPICAL-002280	Im not sure, but in 2005 they could have bought Facebook. I think they would be more relevant if they had taken them up on the offer.	Oh, for sure.	Now almost everyone I know who is 13 years older (and a few who lie about it) are on Facebook.	I think that is a good thing to do. I think it's a great thing to have a <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-002281	I am, I like college and NFL. What about you?	I am. Did you know the highest score was 222-0?	Yeah, didn't Georgia Tech beat Cumberland that bad?	I think Cumberland was a good team to win back to back then.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002282	Cheerleaders seem to distract players. It's best to avoid it	Don't you see this as a little sexist a rule that only the cheerleaders have to abide for ?	I think it's best not to have players distracted.	I think it is a good way to get a <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-002283	Well, I think it is radio storms that are so strong that they can be picked up and heard on the AM radio.	Interesting, have you heard them?	No, I've never heard anything like that. I did hear, though, that there's a website where you can listen to thousands of episodes of classic radio dramas for free although I never had the pleasure of doing so.	I would love to listen to the radio in the day. I would have to listen to the radio in the day.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002284	I don't know, I probably would check it out, for the sake of the game. Not sure I would enjoy as much. I think its too rough for women. But should be allowed to play.	Yeah I don't know how that would go, but they should be allowed if they are good enough, I'm an engineer and I guess I make more in my lifetime than an average NFL player makes, cool!	lol, really. Oh yeah, the average lifetime earning is higher than the average NFL player!	I think that is a lot of money for the average salary of a lifetime salary
DSTC10TOPICAL-002285	Yeah he was pretty amazing. Apparently bowlers made more than football players back in the 60s	They did? well football want a popular sport back then, at least not as popular as it is now so it does make sense, I dont see a bowler making more money than a pro football player now	Yeah things have really changed now. On another topic, do you know much about the Bible?	I know a little. I know that the government owns 86% of Nevada.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002286	I love watching football too. Did you know the NFL has no written rule against females playing?	I always wondered that! why arent there any players you think?	I'm not too sure on that one. The average NFL game only has 11 minutes of live gameplay.	That is a lot of commercials. I wonder if they will ever play the game of the game or if they have to be 11 minutes of actual gameplay
DSTC10TOPICAL-002287	Oh I definitely didn't watch that! Everyone knows Babe Ruth though and he was once America's most popular golfer!	Wow. Didn't know that. Antarctica has a disc golf course	Oh that would be a cold course! A golf course in Dubai requires 4 million gallons of water!	That is a lot of water! I wonder how much water there is in Dubai that requires 4 million gallons of water a day!
DSTC10TOPICAL-002288	I listen to FM usually and yes, mystery can do some amazing things	I know. IN the AM radio you can get Jupiter's storms	WOw nice. The most popular act on the radio in the 30s was the ventriloquist	Wow that is a lot of talent and they have a lot of talent
DSTC10TOPICAL-002289	He has a nobel prize in literature.	Oh that is interesting since those are usually considered to be associated with peace.	yeah. I hear if you publish a book in Norway the government buys 1000 to donate to libraries.	That is a great idea. I wonder if they have a book like Norway and Norway donated a billion dollars to help save the Amazon rainforest.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002290	Yeah for the superimposed yellow line, pretty cool	It is for sure. Do you know much about the Bible?	Not a ton but I know that it has sold over 5 billion copies Wow	That is a lot of books! I wonder if they have a twin twin buildings in Ireland and France
DSTC10TOPICAL-002291	Do you like watching football?	I love watching it! How about you?	I love it also! Do you have a favorite college and NFL team?	I like the New England Patriots. I think the team is the best team to win the world series since the year <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-002292	I am sure it would be, would likely throw everyone off. I wonder how many there have been in history.	I am not sure. I know there was one famous deaf quarterback - the huddle was invented for him so the other teams could not read his signs	It is truly amazing what people come up with that they intend to just help them that turn out to be iconic.	I agree. I think that the <unk> is a good way to get the <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-002293	I do. I am getting ready to watch the playoff games	for sure, who you rooting for? Saints?	Absolutely and the Patriots.	I think the Patriots are the best QB in the NFL.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002294	Yes! Why on earth would that be a rule? Do you think its a superstition thing? Makes no sense.	It certainly does not. The worst part about it is that they have to leave mid meal if a player walks in. Weird	Yeah, that is odd to say the least. So, the NFL uses tracking chips on the players during the game?	I think they are tracking chips in the shoulder pads and the footballs to track the players
DSTC10TOPICAL-002295	Him among some others like green ellis	Benjarvus is a legend, the guy never fumbled the ball in his career	Indeed	I think it is a good thing to be a <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-002296	I wonder if he likes jazz?	He might, jazz is a genre that has influence a lot of people so who knows, theres even a programming language that is influenced by jazz	It is seen as america's classical music. I love jazz.	I love jazz too. I think it is a great instrument that has a jazz orchestra that is topping the charts.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002297	I do not know about the rules but it would be fair that they play too I guess. Did you hear about tracking chips on the players now?	I have heard. They are made probably by engineers that will make more money than the players who wear them will	Yeah, I would not be surprised. They track everything though from velocity to location and everything in between	I wonder if they can track the velocity and rotation and other stats
DSTC10TOPICAL-002298	He was in the league a long time. At least he gave the game everything he had	I didnt' think he was all that of a QB but his teammates really took to him right away	He was a true professional.	I think he was a great player and he was a great player and he was a great player
DSTC10TOPICAL-002299	I'm not surprised. A lot of commercial. Just a lot. It's really annoying.	You are right about that. But I suppose women would be better off financially by entering the engineering field since engineers make more than the average lifetime earnings of both MLB and NFL players. Which is surprising to me!	I'm sure a lot of money go to TV, owners of teams, etc. Just not fair for players! Did you know that the highest score in a football game was 222-0. Can you believe?	I think that was a good thing to do with the <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-002300	Nice. The guy who played Jarvis in Iron Man has never seen the films	Cool. DO you know who is the waitress that Captain America saves in the Avengers movie?	I have no idea, is it someone we have seen elsewhere too?	It is the secret service that is visited by celebrities. I wonder if they have a secret room that is visited by celebrities.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002301	So Thomas jefferson did not believe in miracles and the resurrection.	A lot of people don't. Maybe Brady should be given a copy of his bible.	Yes because the bible is the best selling book ever.	Yeah. Did you know the president of Indonesia is a pop star?
DSTC10TOPICAL-002302	Well in 1972 Deep Purple broke the world record for loudest concert ever. Apparently some of the audience was rendered unconscious.	I can't even imagine how scary that must have been!	I wonder if it is due to the fact that they blew their ears out?	I think they are pretty good and they are so <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-002303	I'm doing well! Are you a fan of football?	Yes I love football. Do you have sirius radio?	I did for a little bit but not anymore? Do you?	I do not but I do not know much about it.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002304	I love it. DO you know what color is the U of Iowa visitor locker room?	Yes it is pink but I wonder why that is	Me too. Bowlers made more than football players in the 60s	Yeah that is a lot of money for the superimposed yellow line
DSTC10TOPICAL-002305	Cool. They definitely have done so many things that I hadn't realized either. I didn't realize they had tried several small niche businesses as well.	It is only the third most profitable company in Japan too. I wonder what the first two are.	Wow! I'd like to know as well considering Nintendo has such a large cash reserve that it could lose so much money and not bankrupt for a long while.	I agree. I think they are a lot of money for the <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-002306	The guy is the man. Can you guess his favorite ice cream kind?	I think it is avocado is it not? I mean it makes sense	It sure does , the guy is very health conscious and watches what he eats	I think he is a good guy. I think he is a good guy.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002307	that is a good point, lol. Did you hear about the tracking chips they use in shoulder pads?	Something along those lines, it tracks there speed or something?	Yea it tracks all their movement and other data. pretty interesting! They must have been created by engineers making the big bucks	I think they are a lot of money for the game. I wonder if they have a tracking chips in the shoulder pads and footballs to track the players
DSTC10TOPICAL-002308	Do you like football?	I like the NFL, but I think 16 games is not enough to build rivalries.	Yes, i completely agree! What do you think would be a good number of games for an NFL team to play in a season?	I think they are a good team and they are a lot of <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-002309	I see, well I don't know much about soccer but I am interested in odd facts about sports. Did you know there is a college football team that has painted their visiting teams locker pink?	I would guess that has something to do with breast cancer awareness. I know that many football players suffer from breast cancer in the later years.	I never thought of it that way, that's an interesting perspective. Tell me why you like soccer.	I like the sport and the sport is the most popular sport in the world
DSTC10TOPICAL-002310	I mean a man used the library to prove his innocence and become a lawyer while falsely imprisoned	How great is that! So important. The library of Alexandria had a unique way of gathering books by making all ships visiting surrender their books for copy .	They must have had a impressive collection	I think they are worth a lot of money and they are worth a lot of money
DSTC10TOPICAL-002311	I know that the russians built a computer powered by water back in 1930s.	I wonder how that worked? They must have used the water to generate a power source. I didn't even know they had computers back then. lol	There were mechanical computers before that. computers are an old idea. someone built one in minecraft even!	I wonder how that worked? I guess they have a computer that runs on water
DSTC10TOPICAL-002312	Hello! Did you know professional ballet dancers can go through 4 pairs of shoes in a week?	That is a lot of shoes and money too. There are 17 ways to tie your shoes too	And I only know one way! 5000 year old shoes perform better than modern shoes. Go figure.	I wonder how many shoes 5000 year old shoes perform better than modern shoes.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002313	I love superhero movies. I loved the batman trilogy. How about you?	I do! I watch them with my kids, they are in love with Batman haha	That is great! I like superman too, especially in films, did you like the new justice league movie?	I did not know that but I do like the movie <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-002314	I know that it has sold over 5 billion copies. Amazing record there	Yes and that is exactly why it is known as one of the most influential books in the world	Yup. Did you know Jefferson created his own version of the Bible?	Yes and Jefferson were the only one to have a PhD
DSTC10TOPICAL-002315	I agree. Bowlers probably don't make a whole lot these days.	No not these days, but I still think it would be pretty sweet to make a living throwing those balls around, lots of women too lol.	That would be pretty awesome. Gotta love the attention too. lol	I agree. I think it's funny that the first president of Zimbabwe was called President Banana.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002316	Yeah exactly. Have you ever been to that football stadium in Texas that can seat 18 000 people?	No I never been to Texas yet but that's pretty crazy	Yeah it is right? And it cost $60 million and on top of all , it is just a high school stadium	I guess they are a lot of money for the team. I wonder if they have a pink locker room pink
DSTC10TOPICAL-002317	I read an article about it. I cannot imagine a football game without the yellow line.	yeah that definitely helps. I saw that former patriots RB Benjarvus Green-Ellis has never fumbled the football in his nfl career	Yes, isn't that amazing? I do not know any other football players who have never fumbled the football.	I think he was a great player. I think he was a great player.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002318	Wow that's impressive! Also impressive is the one Patriots player who has never dropped the ball, I think his name is BenJarvus Green-Ellis	That's amazing. Also amazing is QB Brad Johnson who threw a TD to himself in a Superbowl.	Yes I want to watch that score! It sounds incredible what do you think about a deaf quarterback creating the circular huddle?	I think it was Paul Hubbard who was deaf and did not want to play the game.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002319	Not everyone does though. Burger King had a promotions that you got a free whopper if you unfriend 10 people. I wonder what inspired that.	I think that Burger King was just looking for media attention which they got.	I imagine that Myspace regrets turning down and offer to buy Facebook for $75 million.	I bet they regret that decision for $75 million
DSTC10TOPICAL-002320	Yes I do. I watched college and NFL football games.	Who is your favorite NFL team?	49ers since I used to live in the Bay area. I lived there for 30 years.	I have been to San Francisco in the last few years. I think they are the best team to win the world series
DSTC10TOPICAL-002321	I guess not everyone makes it big. I hope a lady makes it big someday. It can be difficult with gender roles especially when on the NFL Saints team cheerleaders must leave a restaurant if another NFL player walks into	That's ridiculous! I see a lot of sports posts on facebook. I can't believe the site is 15 years old already!	If Myspace had been smart they would have bought facebook for $75 million that they were offered in 2005!	I bet they regret that decision now, I think they would have been a big mistake on facebook
DSTC10TOPICAL-002322	Did you know that Disney owns ABC as well as ESPN?	I did. Do you watch football?	Yes I do, I am a contributor to the number one ranking for viewership of Sunday Night Football. Do you?	I do not watch it either. I do know that the average NFL game only has 11 minutes of live gameplay.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002323	17 weeks if im not mistaken. then the playoffs	Yes you are right. Do you know the highest score ever in a football game?	Wow not sure i would imagine it's pretty high. Was it a college or professional game?	I think it was a college game and it was a college game and it was a good game
DSTC10TOPICAL-002324	Hello, do you watch the NFL?	Hi! I do! I'm shocked that out of the whole 3 hours of game on tv only 11 minutes is actually live gameplay!	Yeah that is pretty crazy. DO you have a favorite player or team?	I like the Patriots. I think the team is the best team in the world
DSTC10TOPICAL-002325	I guess not. I do find it interesting that malus in latin means both apple and evil. That would makes things a little confusing in the bible.	Yeah I think so too. Did you know that people think that the Tower of Babel might actually still exist?	Yea, I guess it is the etemenanki in modern day Iraq.	I wonder if the bible was translated into the bible or the bible.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002326	My son is not into sport, were he I'd have serious reservations about him playing football for that reason. I know there the fame that can go with it but an engineer is going to make more money than most	Yeah, and they have better working conditions, less injuries, it is a quite violent sport.	I understand that there are no rules against women playing in the NFL, difficult to see it happening.	I think that is a good point. I think that the NFL has a rule against female players.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002327	Yeah that is pretty short, crazy. Do you know what the highest score in a game was?	no I am not sure. I read that the average lifetime earnings of an engineer is more than nfl player	Yeah I guess that makes sense since engineers work longer. The game score was 222-0	I wonder if they have a lot of <unk> I wonder if they have a lot of <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-002328	Hi. Do you like sports?	Hi, I do like football as in NFL football, although I am a fan of association football as well.	Me too. I like the NFL but I do also watch other leagues of football as well on occasion. Did you hear that Winston Churchill High is doing very well?	I did not know that. I know he was a great player and he was a great player and he won the world series in 1953.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002329	Hi, do you like literature?	Somewhat. I know that the FDA burned 6 tons of it in an act of censorship.	That's pretty crazy. I saw there is an annual literature contest that challenges writers to come up with the worst possible opening sentence to a novel.	I wonder if that was a good thing to do with the FDA burned 6 tons of literature in an act of censorship.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002330	I have read parts of it. I dont read it very often and I have never read it word for word.	I think that it is a very popular book. Many people have read it and tried to understand its secrets.	I dont know. I dont always take it really literally. I mainly use it as a good set of rules to live by to be a good person.	I agree. I think it's a good way to get a coffee shop. I wonder if they have a candy desk in the Senate
DSTC10TOPICAL-002331	Marcia Lucas did a great job making changes to George's original scripts and made the movies better	Yes you are right, I wasn't familiar with Marcia Lucas as I was with George Lucas.	I wonder how much money she made since George got to keep the licensing and merchandising rights of Star Wars	I think she was a big fan of the Star Wars franchise in the first Star Wars film
DSTC10TOPICAL-002332	it doesn't list his average, it just says he hasn't been in a single movie with a fresh rating	oh man, thats sad for him. I like his movies usually	i don't recall too many of his movies, i've seen a couple and they are alright. i did like him in that 70s show!	I liked the show that was a great show, I liked the show and I liked the show the <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-002333	He's the guy that fumbled every ball he ever touched.	Yeah what a career for him. Did you know NFL is sing tracking chips on the players now?	The NFL is singing tracking chips? I did not know that.	I think they are tracking chips in the shoulder pads and footballs.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002334	Yeah the really sexist rule? it sounds really unfair, that rule should be banned and the cheerleaders should sue the team for that	I think so too. The worst part in my opinion is the fact that they have to leave mid meal if players walk in	Thats a terrible rule, I hope they change it in the near future, its humiliating actually,	I think they are the only team to have a team in the NFL.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002335	Yeah, same here. Roosevelt and Quincy did not believe in it much either so they did not use it when they swore in	I don't think it should ever be used. How about you?	Yeah I agree, religion is a preference. Going back to football, did you know there are only 1 minutes of active game play in it?	I did not know that. I wonder if they have a lot of <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-002336	No but I did see a video of Kayne giving his mic to a fan in a wheel chair before	That was pretty cool of him to do that. Sometimes he has some different views on things. Like for example he believes that aids is a man-made disease.	Maybe Big Sean can explain that to him since he had a 3.7 gpa before signing with Kayne	I wonder if he was a big sean GPA of 3.7 and turned down scholarship to michigan state to pursue a scholarship to MSU
DSTC10TOPICAL-002337	Yes, I do. And, I believe that the Bible is an intricate inspiration from God to us humans here on earth. How about you, do you believe it's really from God?	I do not know. I have not read the Bible. I know that the person that wrote it probably made money on it.	I'm not sure about that but everyone has the choice to believe whatever they want to believe. All I know is that it's estimated that it has sold over 5 billion copies and is the best-selling book every written.	I think that is a good way to get the <unk> I think it is a great way to get a lot of money and not a good thing.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002338	I would love to hear that and the style they use! Do you think Abe Lincoln liked jazz?	I don't know, he did have a high pitch voice	So he would have liked other music, I never knew that. I know he was in the wrestling hall of fame, that is a good honor	I think he was a great wrestler and he was a great wrestler and he was a great martial artist.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002339	Actually if you turn it to am you can catch Jupiter's storms	Those are some strong storms! Considering how many artists are from Canada, I wouldn't mind tuning into stations that have to play at least 40% Canadian music by law	Yes very true. do you know how soldiers used to make radios during WWII?	I think they used to razor blades and pencils to make them foxhole radios.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002340	Do you like football?	I do. I played in HS and I'm a Chiefs fan... I actually like college better than the NFL.	Nice. I'm not too into football, I guess because each game has only on average 11 minutes of live gameplay.	That is a lot of commercials. I wonder if they will ever play the game of thrones or the NFL
DSTC10TOPICAL-002341	I know that has certainly changed. And even now though engineers make more money over their lifetime.	Georgia tech beat Cumberland 222-0 back in 1916. What color do you think their visiting locker was?	Well, maybe it was something worse than pink. That is a huge defeat, wow. Did you hear about that strange rule for the New Orleans cheerleaders?	I heard about that but I think it is a good rule.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002342	Yeah and they have to leave mid meal. That rule is sexist and has to go	Agreed on that. Do you know much about the Bible?	I know that is it one of the most influential books and has sold over 5 billion copies	I wonder how much they have to do with the <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-002343	Hi, how are you?	Good, and you? I haven't seen any superhero movies in a long time, but I think I saw a brief portion of Iron Man once on a TV that was going at my job.	Really! I feel like all the movies coming out now, like 25% are super hero movies. Do you not enjoy them?	I do like movies. I like the movies and movies. I like the movie <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-002344	If you want a job that makes more in a lifetime than an average nfl player or mlb player you can become an engineer	I saw that, it is probably because there a bunch of players that last only a year or so. I'm not surprised, engineers make a lot of money.	If you were a bowler in the 1960's you could have made twice as much as top football stars too.	I guess bowling is a popular sport in the 1960s but it makes sense that bowlers made more money than football players.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002345	That is pretty neat. I bet it is pretty diverse.	Yeah. They must have comics from all over the world	Probably a lot of older comics too. That would be neat to see the development of comics.	I agree. I think Marvel is a great comic book too.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002346	Yes I agree. I would like to know more about that. Up until 1805 the runner up automatically became the vice president. Kind of makes sense but it would never work now!	NO it would not. The parties hate each other too much for that to ever work	I wish they didn't. Just so much more productive to work together. I wonder who has stayed in the presidents guest house? It is actually bigger than the White House.	I wonder if the guest house is bigger than the white house
DSTC10TOPICAL-002347	He could have had some unusual moves. LOL	The ability to moon walk!	Or to lean way back or forward. LOL	I think it was a great movie, I liked the movie <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-002348	Oh that is interesting since those are usually considered to be associated with peace.	yeah. I hear if you publish a book in Norway the government buys 1000 to donate to libraries.	That sounds pretty generous!	I think it is a great idea. I wonder if it is a good thing to do with the <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-002349	If you fly to mars under constant 1g acceleration it will only take 2 or 3 days. I thought it took a lot longer.	Me too! Movies make them seem longer, but they might be going much much slower for airtime lol.	That is true. Have you heard about the lost satellite on mars?	I have heard about it. I think it is a satellite that NASA has to be <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-002350	Bye!	The president is the title given to the head of the government.	That's true I think it's called different things in different places though right?	I think so. I think it's interesting that the US president's guest house is larger than the white house.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002351	I'm doing good too. Glad it's Friday. I watch both baseball and football. What about you?	Me too, but I guess in my childhood and college years I was watching much often. I didn't know that 14 of the world's 25 largest stadiums belong to American college football teams. Did you know that?	I did not know that. The University of Iowa's lock room for visiting teams is painted in all pink.	I wonder if that is a tactic to intimidate the other team.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002352	Yes as long as they meet the league's eligibility requirements they can play! I would like to see a girl play.	They cannot eat in the same place as the players, at least the Saints cheerleaders.	That is a weird rule. How did they enforce the rules of the cheerleaders being required to leave?	I think that is a good rule, I think that is a good thing to do with the <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-002353	Who isn't?	I think some of the newer movies are redundant to be honest.	Really? Like which ones?	I think it is a <unk> <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-002354	Yeah and they have cancelled 100 shows since they came to be in 1989	I guess that is not a lot considering how long they have been around	That is true actually. Do you know the programming language Python?	I do not know that. I do know that they have a programming language named after Monty Python.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002355	I mean I don't think kids should play past midnight but to make it a law is ridiculous	Yeah, that is pretty absurd. Did you know nintendo produced a lego knock off?	No, I did know they made playing cards though	I think they were worth a lot of money and then they were worth a lot of money
DSTC10TOPICAL-002356	Nice, that's what I do. Did you know there is only 11 minutes of gameplay per game?	Wow, it seems like a lot more but it is a pretty slow game. That sounds like an awfully small amount of time. Kinda like it's hard to believe that an engineer makes more money in their lifetime than an	Yeah, for sure, they stand around a real lot.	I think that the president of Indonesia has released 3 pop albums while in office.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002357	Fans also felt though that in previous movies Hawkeye has not been given justice.	True, I heard that too. I can't say because I havent seen the movie. But I do enjoy the Marvel Comic films.	Yeah, I like the Marvel Comics series that they have on Netflix.	I think they are the best selling comic book series in the world.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002358	Hi. How are you?	I'm doing well how are you! ?	I am good too.	I am not a fan of the <unk> but I do like the <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-002359	What? That is a strange fact. I guess she had a chance to do the voice work. She is a celebrity, after all.	Did you ever play tennis? serena has been playing since she was 13, which is about when I started playing, but she's obviously way better LOL	I assumed that she started sooner. She must have picked it up quick. I didn't real play. Anyway, great chat! Thanks!	I think it was a great chat with you as well.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002360	I have a passing knowledge of football and watch it occasionally as well	What teams do you like	I like the new England patriots. They are like the Lannisters of football	I think the Patriots are the Lannisters of the game.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002361	Hi! Yes, I really enjoy watching football, both collegiate and professional. Do you?	Yes, me too. I didn't know that the highest score in a football was 222-0 and it happened in 1916. Did you know that?	That's insane! Either the team was really good or the other team was really good. Or maybe they were on strike about their pay since it seems like they don't make a lot.	I think they are the best team to win the world series and they are the best team ever.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002362	If I were on the losing side I think I would have given up playing. Maybe they could have turned to the bible.	Maybe. At least Cumberland probably didn't have a pink locker room like that of U. of Iowa. In 1916, they probably didn't have a locker room at all.	I don't think they went in for those silly games back then, probably more respectful to the other team.	I think they are the best team to win the world series and they are the best team ever.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002363	Hi there, do you watch the NFL?	Hi! Yes I do sometimes. What's your favorite team?	I think the Patriots, I like them best. One of their former QB never fumbled a ball in his career. How about you?	I like the Patriots and the Patriots and the Patriots are the best QB in the history of the NFL.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002364	Hello, are you by any chance a fan of the New England Patriots football team?	I know some about them. Mostly stuff about Tom Brady	Great. What do you think of his record as a QB?	I think he is a good quarterback and he is a great QB and he is a great QB
DSTC10TOPICAL-002365	That's interesting, and kind of interesting thing NOT to do regularly.	I don't know how many Navajo fans there are. George never won an Oscar though.	that's sad considering how amazing his movies were	I agree. I think he was a great actor and he was a great actor.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002366	Yes, she is a talented actress. I bet she did a great job. Anyway, thanks for the chat.	It has a solid cast overall. Hope you get to catch it some time.	Have a good day! Talk to you soon, Im sure.	You too!
DSTC10TOPICAL-002367	I'm sure if they do they will have tracking chips on their shoulder pads like they do now so they can record every move on the field.	That seems bit invasive but I guess all kinds of stats are taken out of those chips	Yes. They even have chips in the footballs to track velocity, etc. Getting a little too technical I think for a sport.	I think that is a good way to get the ball and the ball is a good way to get the ball.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002368	Hello, do you like Disney?	Yes, I do like Disney. They have done many great films and have some great theme parks.	Do you know the original Disney is in California and not Florida?	I have not. I think it is a great movie but I think it is a great movie
DSTC10TOPICAL-002369	Hi. Do you watch football?	yes well I did watch the superbowl but I don't watch it regularly no, what about you	Sometimes, but not every week. I would get bored watching for 17 weeks straight during the regular season and then the playoffs and Super Bowl.	I think the playoffs are the best. I think the Patriots are the best in the playoffs and the Super Bowl is the best of the Super Bowl
DSTC10TOPICAL-002370	Right. Did you know the guest house is larger than the white house	Yeah that is pretty cool, they must get a lot of people there so maybe that is why	Yeah. Have you heard the president of Indonesia is a pop star?	Yes and he has released 3 albums while in office
DSTC10TOPICAL-002371	That was the culture then. People loved bowling. Oh, I was born at the wrong time.	Yeah it seems it was the case back then. DO you know what the highest score in college football is?	The highest score means little to me unless I could win money. What was it though?	I think it was a good way to get the money to the players.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002372	I'm not sure. Who was it?	It was Georgia tech who scored 222 against Cumberland 0	Holy smokes! I bet that was a long game for Cumberland. In the 1960's bowlers made twice as much as the top football stars.	I wonder how much bowling was worth then. I wonder how much money bowlers made in the 60s
DSTC10TOPICAL-002373	hi there, do you watch the NFL?	I sure do. Do you have a favorite team or player?	I sure do. I love the Patriot and Tom is amazing. Do you have one?	I do like the Patriots but I do like Tom Brady
DSTC10TOPICAL-002374	Yeah I think the highest paid people in most states are college coaches.	Not sure how I feel about that. I have to send two kids through college one day, with the high cost of college I'm not sure I want a portion going to the football coach.	Yeah its pretty crazy to me just how much it costs to attend college these days.	I think it is a lot of money for the <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-002375	Absolutely. It's the next on my list.	Have you watched any of the other Marvel movies?	I'm not normally much of a comics or superhero person. Have you?	I have not but I have heard of the comic book series in the <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-002376	Interesting, have you ever seen house?	I have seen it, great drama tv series	Apparently Hugh Laurie was making $700k an episode! !	That is a lot of money! I wonder if he made a lot of money for that show.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002377	I bet you they do it for both. They need to track lots of stats like velocity and rotation and such and they will likely need the averages of those	We live in amazing times. I can see where that would be useful. If a running back is getting tire during the game they know right away	Yeah we sure do. Did you know women can play too in the NFL?	Yes there is no rule against them
DSTC10TOPICAL-002378	There are a lot who play on high school teams, so if they meet the requirements, why not?	Yeah, but the average earning potential salary of an engineer is higher	lol Bowlers in the 60's made more than football players. THAT is hilarious.	I guess that is a lot of money for the superimposed yellow line representing the first down line
DSTC10TOPICAL-002379	True, I guess we'll never know. It was great talking with you though, have a good one!	It was nice chatting with you too.	You as well, I hope you have a good rest of the evening, I'll try not to think about the depths of space that much !	I hope you have a good day
DSTC10TOPICAL-002380	I watched the series, but didn't play the game. Do you know Nintendo is over 100 years old?	I didnt know its over 100 years old, I wonder how the games from that time look like.	Well, they started out as a playing card company.	I think they are worth a lot of money and they are worth a lot of money
DSTC10TOPICAL-002381	You would think! I heard even 1960's top bowlers made twice as much as football stars!	I believe that. Bowling was a big sport back in the day. Football players didnt have the players union back then so they didnt make nearly what they deserved. I would say now it is a little over the top	I agree. Especially if you are like the patriots benjarvus green-ellis who never even fumbled one game in his nfl career.	That is a lot of money. I wonder how many people have been on the bench for the first few years.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002382	That would be Jupiter's moon? I wonder if Jupiter is one of the five planets visible to the naked eye.	I would guess from it size it is	The planet Venus is the only planet that rotates clockwise and has no seasons. That seems boring.	I wonder if it is a planet that orbits the planets and the other planets!
DSTC10TOPICAL-002383	I've been a bigger fan in the past. I was a Caps fan growing up.	I am a Caps fan too! Do you know how much a player loses weight per game?	Like 8 pounds. I assume that's mostly sweat.	I guess it is a lot of weight and <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-002384	Yes it is, so that much mean that he was thinking about this movie for 11 years?	That is impressive. That makes a great actor.	Yes it does, are you a fan of comic books, if you are, how many books do you have?	I do like to read books and I like the books and books like the <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-002385	No I don't but curious	I never have either, do you / did you play any of the sports we talked about?	I have always been a soccer person	I don't know much about soccer. I do know that soccer is the most popular sport in the world
DSTC10TOPICAL-002386	300 of them? that sounds impressive and too bad, maybe his manuscript is really good, he could have been a rich man,	Oh for sure! Do you like science at all?	I do like science, I think that scientists make big contributions to society, they make human kind better and smarter.	I think so. I think we are able to do that in the future.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002387	It amazes me that a hockey player was once traded for a dollar	He must have been worth less than that to the trading team. Maybe they were paying him too much already. Do you play hockey?	I do not, but many Canadians do, since both hockey and lacrosse are their national sport.	I guess they are a good hockey player and the <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-002388	Wow. I never knew that.	Yah, did you know the other word for telephone is a phone?	Yes. I knew that one.	I wonder if they have a secret room that is visited by celebrities.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002389	Yeah I know he has won a few games there. Did you know he was picked 19th back in the 2000 NFL draft?	I did not! He's been around for a while, I'm surprised he hasn't retired yet. His history as a football player is impressive. Been to the super bowl 8 times with the patriots.	Yeah he sure has, I don't think he will retire for at least two more seasons.	I think he is a good player. He is a great player and he has a great career.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002390	No I never been to Texas yet but that's pretty crazy	Yeah it is right? And it cost $60 million and on top of all , it is just a high school stadium	They do love football in Texas, too bad they don't care as much about education, an average engineer makes more in a lifetime than the average NFL player	I think that is a good point. I think that the NFL has more money than football players in the world
DSTC10TOPICAL-002391	That is something. the lost 222-0. That is crazy !	What is wrong is how the cheerleaders cant eat with the players	Yeah the have to leave when they come in. I will research why	I think that is a good idea. I wonder if they will be able to do that
DSTC10TOPICAL-002392	Yeah I guess the career of a football player does not last that long so they do not have much time to make money	True, I did not think about that, do you know how we are able to learn about interesting statistics like ball speed. ball rotation and players performance?	Yeah that is actually pretty cool, they are using tracking chips on the shoulder pads of the players now.	I wonder if they can track the speed, rotation, and speed and location.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002393	Hello! Do you like Football?	I do. Do you?	Of course! What's your favorite team. Mine is the New England Patriots, the Lannisters of the NFL!	I like the Patriots and the Patriots and the Patriots are the best for the Patriots.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002394	Maybe they can even see how long games are since they think only about 11 minutes are live gameplay!	No kidding, right? I mean, these engineers already make more than the average lifetime earnings of both MLB and NFL players, so they should step their game up... even though they are doing a phenomenal job now.	That stat actually surprises me with how much football players work! Did you know that in the 60s even top bowlers made more than football players? !	I didn't know that. I wonder if the football was popular in the 60's or bowling was the most popular sport in the world.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002395	Yes thats really something	Any other movies, books, or shows that you are into?	I liked the lost series on tv	I like the Simpsons and the Simpsons and I like the Simpsons and Family Guy, I like the Simpsons and Family Guy, and I like the Simpsons
DSTC10TOPICAL-002396	But even today, NFL players don't make as much on average as I would think. Engineers earn more over a lifetime.	Yes, and it's interesting to consider the lifetime career of a football player. Some use their background to transition to other fields such as coaching, or use the income to start a new career after they retire. Sadly, others suffer	It's amazing how much technology is used in the NFL these days	I think it is a lot of time to play. I think it is a great game and it is a great game.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002397	That is impressive. That makes a great actor.	Yes it does, are you a fan of comic books, if you are, how many books do you have?	I am not. But appears that their is a lot of money in the industry.	I think it is a lot of money for the <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-002398	I know that it is the best selling book of all time with total sales of over 5 billion copies!	Yeah that seems a lot. Jefferson apparently made his own version of the Bible	I didn't know that. Teddy Roosevelt and John Quincy Adams were the only 2 U.S. presidents who didn't use the bible when they were sworn in.	I wonder if Teddy Roosevelt was a staunch conservationist and banned Christmas trees from the white house.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002399	Perhaps a combination of the winning team being just that good and the losing team being so bad	Ive seen some blow outs, but never by that much.	Did you every play fantasy football?	I did not. I did not know that the fantasy draft for the national spelling bee.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002400	I noticed that. I've heard of some weird ideas for sports, but that's out there. On the subject of shoes, my old work boots have lasted me about 6 years but it's about time to get some new ones at	I think I have 2 pairs of shoes. It's crazy there is 5000 year old shoes that perform better than modern shoes	I'm not surprised, considering how much stuff today is deliberately designed to fall apart so you have to buy more. Sounds like you've got about as many shoes as I do.	I think I have to go to a pair of shoes and I have to go to a pair of shoes and I have to go to a pair of shoes and I have a pair of shoes.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002401	That's a good point that I never thought about. What is also interesting to me is that an NFL game only has about 10 or 11 minutes to it that seems super low.	Yeah, that makes sense, it is mostly standing around if you ask me. I still love the game, but the clock watching gets annoying.	Yep I agree with that. Do you watch any fantasy movies. Or do you do fantasy football at all	I do like fantasy football. I like fantasy football, but I don't like fantasy football.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002402	Maybe so. I hope the data they are collecting in the field though can somehow be used to make the game a little bit safer	Amazing that a game which averages just over 10 minutes of actual gameplay can be so damaging to players.	Great point. Do you know what the highest score recorded in a game was?	I think it was 222-0 but Georgia Tech beat Cumberland
DSTC10TOPICAL-002403	no way! I would love to learn that. Were you into the beatles much?	I loved them as a kid. I was not born when they formed in 1960	I wasn't either, they were amazing and still are. They couldn't even read music which is so interesting!	I think that is a good thing to do. I like the music and the music is the most popular in the world.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002404	I would guess that has something to do with breast cancer awareness. I know that many football players suffer from breast cancer in the later years.	I never thought of it that way, that's an interesting perspective. Tell me why you like soccer.	It is a good game for women. I think women fight harder on the pitch than men do.	I think that is a good point. I think that the women are not allowed to wear pants on the Senate floor until 1993.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002405	Crazy. Take care.	Thank you. You too.	:)	Bye
DSTC10TOPICAL-002406	I'm fine. Thanks for asking and you?	I am fine too	Do you like watching movies?	I love movies. I like the <unk> <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-002407	Yeah so sad. In Texas on the other hand they are voting to rename the garbage dump	Hahha so funny. In the UK not all men could vote until 1918	I wonder what prevented them from doing, maybe class and ranking in society	I think it is a good idea. I think it is a good thing to be able to get a lot of money and not a good thing.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002408	That's right. Did you know that presidents have different functions depending on the type of government?	Yes I remember learning that I think. Its been good talking to you.	It's been good talking to you as well.	Have a good night!
DSTC10TOPICAL-002409	Yeah the same one, expensive but it must be alien proof	He must have the money despite the fact that Seinfeld has a higher net worth	He does? Well Tom Cruise will eventually come on top, he has a lot more movies planned in the future. I don't know about Seinfeld.	I think he is a great actor, but I think he is a great actor and I think he is a great actor
DSTC10TOPICAL-002410	Yeah I don't know how that would go, but they should be allowed if they are good enough, I'm an engineer and I guess I make more in my lifetime than an average NFL player makes, cool!	lol, really. Oh yeah, the average lifetime earning is higher than the average NFL player!	yup good to know haha, do you like the Saints? I don't like how they treat their cheer leaders	I don't follow the cheerleaders but I don't think they are the best player in the league.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002411	Yeah I was wandering about that as well. How about radio dramas, do you like those?	I don't like dramas in general so probably not.	I see, because if you did there is a free radio to listen to them to	I wonder if they have a radio station that translates solar activity into sound and you can listen to the sun's music
DSTC10TOPICAL-002412	The guy is a legend, he has ever fumbled the ball in his career	Exactly. Do you know what the highest score in college football is?	Yes I feel bad for Cumberland to lose 222-0 from Georgia Tech	I wonder how much the game was in 1916 and Cumberland was Cumberland
DSTC10TOPICAL-002413	hope so too. now they are using tracking chips on the players	That's pretty cool, they can find out how hard a player hits and moves with those chips	yes, very handy. do you know what the highest score is in football history?	I think it was 222-0 when Georgia Tech beat Cumberland 222-0
DSTC10TOPICAL-002414	Oh, your explanation is making so much sense. Thank you.	There is a lot of technical data, like the area code 212 was chosen because it was easier to dial on a rotary phone.	That fact to me is reasonable because New York was one of the earliest established cities in the U.S history.	I think that is a good thing to do. I think the US presidents have been elected while still losing the popular vote.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002415	Yes a lot. Do you know how much a single search takes in terms of power?	Yes more than in took to take Armstrong and 11 others to the moon	Yes. Do you know how they calculate traffic?	Yes they are android devices and they use it to calculate traffic
DSTC10TOPICAL-002416	Maybe, Bill Nye had to add more effect with more science experiments to create flubber.	Freeman has served narrator, commentator for numerous programs and television shows.	Well, he was nominated and won a lot of rewards.	He won a golden globe for best cinematography.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002417	I don't think they went in for those silly games back then, probably more respectful to the other team.	Probably... Did you know the NFL had no written rule that women can't play?	They probably think they don't need it. Some guys get worked up if they hear a woman is going to take part in something, but if they are good enough and want to do it let them.	I think that is a good idea. I think that the Saints have a good job to be able to play in the game.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002418	Yeah exactly. Did you know ESPN won and Emmy once?	It was for the superimposed yellow line and I think they deserved it	Yup. DO you know much about the Bible?	I know some stuff. Did you know the government owns 86% of Nevada?
DSTC10TOPICAL-002419	Yes they are collecting information such as velocity and rotation and a bunch others, Wonder what for though.	I hope they can somehow use them to make the game safer and decrease the number of concussions	That would be amazing. On another topic, do you know anything about the Bible?	I know a little. I know that the government owns 86% of Nevada.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002420	Are you a Star Wars fan?	Yes, star wars is great. i really like the original trilogy.	Me too, that was the best out of all the movies, and basically the only ones I watched. It made George Lucas a billionaire	I think he was a great actor and I think he was a great actor and he was a great actor.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002421	I sure do. Did you know Jon Hamm taught drama in a high school?	Cool. Did you ever watch the show House MD?	Yeah and he even taught Ellie Kemper, she is so funny. Yeah I watch House	I love the show. Jon Hamm taught drama at his old high school and one of his students was Ellie Kemper, Erin from the office.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002422	Are you a Star Wars fan?	yes, i really like the original trilogy. You?	Me too, it was so good! George Lucas became a billionaire because of it	I heard that George Lucas was a billionaire and he was the first Star Wars film merchandising franchise
DSTC10TOPICAL-002423	Are you religious?	yes. fairly so	Did you know that Thomas Jefferson had created his own version of the bible so he could remove the supernatural parts. Thats wild.	I didn't know that. I wonder if he was a <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-002424	WOw that is interesting for a radio. Do you listen to radio dramas?	I do not really, are they good? Maybe I should check them out	Well there is a free website of them if you would like to check it out	I would like to check out the website where you can listen to thousands of episodes of classic radio dramas for free.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002425	That is a lot of money! Did you know that 20th Century Fox agreed to forgo a $500k directing fee to let Lucas keep the licensing and merchandise rights?	I wonder how they feel about that now. Lucas pulled one over on them. The entire franchise is estimated to be $65 billion dollars!	I know! It has cost them billions and made Lucas himself a billionaire.	I think he was a great actor and he was a great actor and he was a great actor.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002426	Really? Haha, not sure if that worked! Marvel comic toys are expensive.	Not sure but it just increases the profit margin for the company haha.	True! I am going to have to watch this Infinity War movie now lol, curious about this Hawkeye character. Although he has been in other Marvel films.	I think he was a great actor and I think he was a great actor and I think he was a great actor
DSTC10TOPICAL-002427	Yes! I heard that many people were actually rooting against Brady's team, because they're kind of over them winning all the time. He sure works hard though, it seems.	I think so, too. But there are other good players as well. I guess RB Benjarvus Green-Ellis has never fumbled the football in his NFL career.	Pretty impressive. I know they get paid a lot for those skills, but did you realize that top bowlers in the 60's made twice as much as football stars then?	I think that was a lot of money for the superimposed yellow line representing the first down line for american football games.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002428	Oh that makes so much sense. Do you know why Caine became an actor?	Hmm I am not sure of that. He went to college for it?	Nope he just attended drama class in high school because that is where the pretty girls went	That is pretty funny. I wonder if he was a good teacher.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002429	I heard it was really good, hes not my favorite superhero, but Id definitely see it also.	Do you read any other comic books?	No, never have read many of them. I miss out on a lot of back story that way.	I have a lot of books and I have a lot of books and I like to read books and read books and books like Starship Troopers and the first sci-fi novel on the reading lists of three of the
DSTC10TOPICAL-002430	I know! They sure do milk it for all its worth.	ESPN won an emmy for creating the superimposed yellow first down line on tv. That has been a good addition to watching games.	Yeah, that was a good addition. Can't believe that Benjarvus Green-Ellis never fumbled. Amazing!	I think he was a rb who never fumbled the ball in his career
DSTC10TOPICAL-002431	Not really. I find they have too much CGI. What about you?	I like some of them like Spider-man. DO you know why there is a hyphen in the name?	I have no idea why. Why not just one word? Other superheroes have names like that.	I think it is a superhero that is a superhero and <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-002432	Hard to believe. I saw some pretty good jazz in New orleans once. Wasn't a huge fan but it is definitely popular. Apparently the trumpet players grow a goatee for comfort when playing.	Interesting. I also see that clint eastwood is an enthusiast.	I had no idea it was popular in Pakistan given that their jazz orchestra is topping the charts.	I wonder if that is a good jazz orchestra that is topping the charts.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002433	Yes they did. All came down to a stupid kick ha ha. Anyway, did you know that in the 60's top bowlers made more than top football players?	No I didn't know that, I always hear that most sports make more than nfl, which I think it's unfair.	I'm positive it's not the case now. Do you know what the highest score in a football game ever was?	I think it was Georgia Tech and Cumberland
DSTC10TOPICAL-002434	I know right, only 11 minutes, last Superbowl was more than 3 hours long, maybe 4 all of that for only 11 minutes	All those advertisements make a lot of money for the NFL and the tickets are outrageous. I wonder if a woman will ever try to be eligible to play?	Theres no written rule against woman playing so yeah I think they could, its a physical sport though,	I think that would be a good idea, but I think they would be a good job to play in the NFL.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002435	bye	Bye.	see you	bye
DSTC10TOPICAL-002436	Do you like concerts?	i do like concerts. I havent had much chance to do recently. You?	I like them, but only in outdoor arenas. Not so much the indoor stuff.	I see, I like the <unk> I like the <unk> and <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-002437	They are the second largest search engine on the internet. I myself usually just google what I want to find and then it takes me to YouTube. The whole channels thing on YouTube confuses me.	Yeah, it can get quite confusing, do you also use Pandora Radio? I like that it also streams comedy and I use it on my way to the office.	I do have an account. Mostly I listen to NPR radio.	I listen to the radio when I was younger. I used to listen to the radio when I was younger.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002438	wow, I didnt know an illness could cause that. Look how far he came in life! what is it due to?	Yes He did very well in his career. And they had the best selling album of the 2000's	WHAT? that is so awesome. I wonder when they released their last song, do you know?	I think it was a song that was a song on the <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-002439	I guess that's the idea. I can't imagine it really working or everyone would do it.	Yeah I think it must be more of a tradition now, I doubt a color would really affect another team's performance.	The highest score ever in a football game occurred in 1916 when Georgia tech defeated Cumberland 222-0. Would pink locker rooms have helped Cumberland, do you think?	I think it was a good thing to score a score on the Cumberland team.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002440	yeah, i bet the simpsons liked that. the simpsons has had trouble maintaining its quality over the last few years. i think that comedy is quite difficult.	Yea I stopped watching years ago. Apparently one episode in the whole series did not have bart in it or mention him. I want to watch that episode	i wonder what the episode was about. that is odd. the simpsons has great voice talent.	I think it was a great show, I think it was a great show, I liked the Simpsons, I liked the Simpsons, did you know there is only one episode where Bart does not appear and is not mentioned?
DSTC10TOPICAL-002441	Well perhaps you can find a short version that only shows the live gameplay. Each game is only a dozen or so minutes long of real gameplay	That's another reason why I don't watch football, three hours in front of the television for just 12 minutes of actual action. I could just grab my Bible instead.	Do you read from the bible often?	I do not read much about the bible.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002442	That should be fun for real. Did you know women can play in the NFL?	Yes as long as they meet the requirements. I wonder if any of them have tried	Curious about that too. Maybe they are sticking to engineering careers	I think they are a good point. I think they are a good job too.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002443	that's sad considering how amazing his movies were	The Academy has a lot of politics. He made the wrong kinds of films. His wife got an award.	What did she get an award for?	She was a <unk> and she was a <unk> <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-002444	Yeah for sure. and that weird rule about new orleans cheerleaders?	Yeah that seems like such a silly outdated rule. I think that will be gone in the next year or two.	I hope so. did you know U of Iowa's locker room for visitors is painted pink?	I wonder if that is a tactic to intimidate the other team.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002445	Yeah it was actually Stan Lee's wife, Joan B. Lee	I guess he chose her for the job. I never really watched the show.	I see. The Spider-man musical is the most expensive production on Broadway	I didn't know that either. I wonder if they have any <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-002446	Yes that would be JFK, Washington and Jefferson	Right. Did you know the guest house is larger than the white house	Yeah that is pretty cool, they must get a lot of people there so maybe that is why	I know. Do you know who the three wealthiest presidents in the US are?
DSTC10TOPICAL-002447	That is so cool. There is a piano that was found on the highest mountain in Britain	Wow wonder who put it up there. Do you like Michael Jackson?	I do actually he has some amazing music. He was once supposed to do a duet with Freddy Mercury but that did not go through	I wonder if he was a <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-002448	Yeah , what a talent. Oscar were nominated for 9 Emmys. Wonder how that works	Yeah I am confused too about that. Do you know how many Oscars are given out?	Yes there are 24 awards given over a range of categories	Yeah. Do you know who holds the record for the oscars
DSTC10TOPICAL-002449	Exactly. Did you know engineers make more than them over their lifetime?	I am not surprised as they have longer careers so more time to make money	Yeah true. Did you hear about that rule for New Orleans cheerleaders?	Yes they are not allowed to eat in the same place as the players
DSTC10TOPICAL-002450	Yes, I would like to know. I've been reading about observational versus theoretical astronomy, but I don't know what research methods would have been used to detect the building blocks of life so far away.	Can you imagine how complex the orbit would be for that planet that orbits four stars?	I haven't heard of that planet! What is it called?	It is called the <unk> <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-002451	18 holes a games. Seems like a long day.	Yeah it does. I like football a bit more. I love the NFL because they have 32 teams so people are bound to find one they like.	Yes football is way better. That is true but you usually only hear about a select few.	I think it's a good way to get a chance. I think it's funny that the University of Iowa's locker room for visiting teams is painted pink.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002452	yep, and pokemon cards that are worth some money. How about that 70s show, ever seen that?	no, i didnt but i think it was a very popular show. probably a lot of actors launched big careers there.	You're right, mostly all of them became something big after that. I wish the same was for that 70s show uk remake, they only lasted 10 episodes.	I think it was a good show but I think it was a good show.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002453	Yes I did Snoop Dogg wrote a song for his son's football team once	Wow nice. Bowlers used to make more than football players in the 60s	I guess it was a more popular sport back in the day	Yeah it is. Do you know who invented the sport?
DSTC10TOPICAL-002454	It's a shame what happened to Andy Dalton	Yes, his thumb injury put him out for the rest of the season.	He was having one of his best seasons so far	I think he is a great actor and I think he is a great actor and I think he is a great actor
DSTC10TOPICAL-002455	Yeah I do. Do you know what the most disliked video in YouTube history is?	I want to say its the music video baby by Justin Bieber	That's Correct. Do you have any pets?	I have a cat and I have a cat and I have a cat and I have a cat and a cat named Hank placed third in Virginia senate election.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002456	LOL! Did you know politicians in Kentucky must swear an oath that they've never participated in a duel before taking office?	No I didn't! Even in this day and age they still have to do that?	I guess so lol. Do you like Johnny Depp?	I love him and I love johnny depp
DSTC10TOPICAL-002457	Hello, do you watch the NFL?	Yes I try to watch all the games I can, what about you?	Same here but cannot watch them all for 17 weeks	I think that is a good thing to do. I think the NFL has a lot of <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-002458	I'm an engineer and I ain't seeing it... I can't see how soldiers in WW I could make a radio out of razor blades and pencils? Wow.	lol, that takes pure science around that. I can't even get my already made radio to work!	Ha. I would just end up cutting myself. I guess they may have tuned into Jupiter, there probably weren't a lot of station then.	I would be interested in listening to the radio storms from Jupiter on the radio.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002459	The times were different then. Many people bowled and I guess they watched it on TV.	NFL uses tracking chips embedded in players shoulder pads.	I believe it. Probably helps with strategy and maybe player safety. Anyway, I enjoyed chatting!	You too!
DSTC10TOPICAL-002460	Oh wow that's cool. How was the concert?	Great! He is very talented! Better than Kanye in my opinion. Kanye once did a snl skit mocking himself for interrupting award shows!	I'm not a huge fan of Kanye music.	I am not a fan of Kanye West. I am not a fan of Kanye West.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002461	Oh that is so nice and convenient and free	Yeah it is. DO you know why Michael Caine became an actor?	I have no idea, how? DId tou know Patrick Stewart teaches masters classes in drama in the UK?	I did not know that. I do know that Jon Hamm taught drama at his old high school.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002462	yeah, but for engineering and science, it seems strange to me. Anyway, great chat!	Ditto. Nice chatting with you!	Have a great day!	You too!
DSTC10TOPICAL-002463	Have you seen Black Panther?	No I haven't yet. Is it any good?	I thought it was pretty good. The character is the richest superhero with an estimated 500 billion dollars.	That is a lot of money. I wonder if he is the richest superhero?
DSTC10TOPICAL-002464	I live in North East Ohio, I think fans around here would gladly swap the Packers records for the Browns.	Yeah the Browns have had some tough times since I have been watching, much better season this one than last though.	I guess there is always someone worse than yourself, just heard about the team that lost 222-0. That must have hurt.	I think Cumberland was a good team. I think Cumberland was a good team.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002465	Yeah I think so too. Gal Gadot who is the new wonder woman, actually served two years as a soldier.	Yeah I think I have read that before, that is impressive. I heard she was really good in that movie as well.	It's funny that she did not know she was auditioning for wonder woman. She thought she was trying out for cat woman	I wonder if she was a <unk> <unk> she was a <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-002466	Yea there is no rule against that as long as they qualify	Yes. The game average is only 11 minutes of play anyways	Yeah. Engineers make more than football players over their lifetime	Yes and they have longer careers so they can be longer
DSTC10TOPICAL-002467	That kind of sucks, tickets tend to be really expensive and the game lasts for 3 hours, you would expect more than just 11 minutes of gameplay, really unfair.	Yeah I know. Bowlers used to make more in the 60s than football players	They did? I wonder what changed, bowling used to be really popular back in the day, it doesnt seem like a really popular sport now	I think it is a popular sport in the world. I wonder if it is popular in the US
DSTC10TOPICAL-002468	I know, honestly if it's a sport played with feet and a ball then i guess they have the right to call it that.	That is true. In Hungary "football" is soccer.	In parts of Africa too. in Australia Rugby is football.	I think that is a good idea. I wonder if they have a variation of soccer where 3 teams face each other at the same time.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002469	Yup, that is why I do not go to these events.	Well, obviously everyone else at the concert seemed to enjoy it so not to bad of a deal	Are there any concerts coming up that sound fun?	I am not a fan of concerts but I do like to go to concerts and see how they are going to be a concert
DSTC10TOPICAL-002470	Yeah i'm sure your right. Can you believe top bowlers made more than top nfl players in the 60's?	Did they really? That's shocking, I wonder why, maybe people didn't care about football as much back then. Also I'm sure bowling games have more than 11 minutes of game play.	That's unbelievable. Almost as much as espn winning an Emmy. do you know what for?	I think it was a yellow line. I think it was the yellow line that ESPN won for Emmy for the yellow line that they created.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002471	It was a nice way to spend an afternoon. i try to watch the playoffs and the superbowl. this year i didnt.	I watched the superbowl. I thought it was terrible, but that may just be me. So boring this year.	I think it was probably better the year before. there was a big comeback. this year it was a defensive battle. i wanted the underdog to win. too bad.	I think the team was the best team in the world and the team was the best team in the world
DSTC10TOPICAL-002472	Hi there, do you watch the NFL?	Yes I like to watch NFL games, I try to watch as many games as I can, what about you?	Nice, yes me too. Did you know women can play too?	Yes there is no rule against them playing in the NFL.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002473	That is pretty impressive, that is probably part of why the Patriots have been one of the most dominant teams recently.	Yes - the Patriots at least made a better decision than his high school - since they let tom Brady play!	I bet they are really regretting that decision now.	I bet they are regretting that decision for $50 million
DSTC10TOPICAL-002474	And their feet look all weird for some reason	Well putting dry tea bags in smelly shoes will absorb the odor.	That is something I have to try tonight	I think it is a great way to get a <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-002475	Hi, do you like football?	Soccer or American football, i like them both.	I like them both too, I did not realize that the season lasts 17 weeks	I think that is a long time to be honest.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002476	Yes that is true and I am glad they came up with that line because it makes watching the game much easier	Definitely. Can you believe the former Patriots running back never fumbled the football his entire career?	That is so amazing. Do you know what the highest score in college football is?	I think it was 222-0
DSTC10TOPICAL-002477	Hello, Do you enjoy football?	I do love football! How about you?	Yes, I love to go to the games? What do you think of the Patriots?	I don't watch much of the Patriots. I do like the Patriots and the Patriots.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002478	I meant breast cancer, lol! Did you know woman could play in the NFL if they wanted to and could play.	They could possibly feel more comfortable in a pink locker room	I agree, lol! Did you know also the saints cheerleaders need to leave a restaurant if the players come in, kind of sexist!	I think that is a good rule, I wonder if they have a rule against the cheerleaders?
DSTC10TOPICAL-002479	Yes it was. Do you know anything about the FIFA World Cup?	I don't know much about it. When the US competed in the first FIFA world cup in 1930, they got 3rd place.	Yes they did. The city that is hosting the 2022 final does not exist yet.	I wonder why they did that? I wonder if they have a team in the 2022 FIFA World Cup
DSTC10TOPICAL-002480	Yes, although that duel thing seems like it should have been going on out in the cowboy west in the old days.	Right? They must have kept the laws from way back in time lol	Lots of curious things that are fun to learn about. It has been great chatting with you. Thanks!	You too!
DSTC10TOPICAL-002481	Yeah that's for sure. I really thought that players earned alot more money though.	Maybe the MVP but an engineer will earn more money than the NFL player, I think soccer players are paid better	Crazy to think that one team scored 222 points in a game once too.	I wonder if they were the highest scoring football game ever?
DSTC10TOPICAL-002482	that is crazy, I bet NFL makes more money now by a long shot, it was nice chatting with you!	Yeah that is true, things have really changed. Same here.	Good bye!	Good night.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002483	Do you know if they have female players?	Well, not in the NFL they dont but i'm sure they might have a womans league	Did you know that the nfl has no rules against women? They could legally play if they met the requirements. What do you think?	I think that is a good question. I think that is a good thing to do with the tracking chips in the shoulder pads and the players to track the players
DSTC10TOPICAL-002484	I would think so. Btw, nice chatting with you. Happy holiday	Merry Christmas to you, and I'll leave you with this fun fact: The university of Iowa's locker room provided for visiting football players is completely painted pink!	Thank you.	Have a good night!
DSTC10TOPICAL-002485	Hi friend, do you watch the NFL?	Hey, I am a big fan of the NFL. How about you?	I love watching the NFL, it may be my new religion. Did you know that Tom Brady has a book called the athletes bible?	I did not know that. I know he is a great player and he is a great player and he is a great player
DSTC10TOPICAL-002486	I'm originally from England so soccer is my thing, yes, a little rugby too. I've tried watching football on TV but it seems to go on forever, and is mostly replays of what has happened already.	Yeah the average NFL game has 11 minutes of live gameplay, what do you think they could do to improve it ?	Less commercials. I think it is mainly a cultural thing. If I grew up here my opinion might be different.	I agree. I think it is a good thing to be honest.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002487	The third was JFK.	I see. I wonder how rich president banana of Zimbabwe is haha. He may be the most loaded of all of them haha	President Banana is an interesting name. Were you aware that the guest house is bigger than the white house?	I did not know that. I wonder if the guest house is bigger than the White House?
DSTC10TOPICAL-002488	Then he got Randy Moss and blew that out of the water!	Yup real talk! Tom Brady's wife makes double her husbands salary!	I would be really happy if my wife made double what I make. That would be great!	I think she would be a good <unk> I would be a good kicker for the <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-002489	yeah, I'm one and I have a bunch of friends that do it. On average we make more than a football player!	Oh that's awesome. And yep that is what I have heard did you know that the NFL has no rule against female players. Do you think we'll see one in our lifetime?	I've heard that before, but I don't know if Americans can stomach seeing a woman getting injured on the field.	I think it is a good idea. I wonder if they have a tracking chips in the shoulder pads and the players to track their players
DSTC10TOPICAL-002490	Do you wear a costume for halloween ever?	my mom and dad used to dress me up in costumes for halloween sometimes. How about you?	lol me too, I remember seeing pictures of some ridiculous costumes. I want to be a panda researcher though	I think that is a good thing to do. I wonder if the costume designer has a <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-002491	That's true. Do watch NFL football games?	I sometimes watch. Usually about the Superbowl. What about you?	I usually watch some games because my son really likes to watch football games.	I see, I like watching the games and watch games on tv. I like the Patriots and the Patriots and the Patriots
DSTC10TOPICAL-002492	I love Tom Hanks. I found it curious how the Lord of the Rings movies had huge losses despite being a success	Wow, that's pretty surprising. Never know what's going to bring in the money huh? You know you'd figure anything Disney would be a sure hit but heard that their animated "Treasure Planet" was one of the most expensive box office	Yes. And John Carter was a flop over here but broke box office records in Russia	I wonder if they were the best selling albums of the 21st century
DSTC10TOPICAL-002493	Hey there my friend do you ever wear shoes.	Yes I do but not like ballet dancers. They can go through 4 pairs of pointe shoes in a week.	That is shocking. I used to date a ballet dancer actually. And I can confirm that they always have feet problems	I guess they are a lot of shoes and they are a lot of shoes and they are a lot of shoes
DSTC10TOPICAL-002494	True, I did not think about that, do you know how we are able to learn about interesting statistics like ball speed. ball rotation and players performance?	Yeah that is actually pretty cool, they are using tracking chips on the shoulder pads of the players now.	I find that pretty interesting!! Did you know when was the highest score in a football match ever?	I did not know that. I wonder if it was the same time that the players were the highest paid player in the world
DSTC10TOPICAL-002495	Me too, I'm surprised that Jupiter has radio storms they can be heard on AM radio.	Yes. I wouldnt mind hearing those.	I wonder what they sound like? What if it is actually aliens trying to talk with us?	I think it is a good idea, I think it is a great idea, I think it is a great planet
DSTC10TOPICAL-002496	smart kid, took lots of ap tests in high school	wow amazing. Brad Johnson is the only QB that threw himself a touchdown pass	I did not even know such a thing is possible at all	I think it is a good thing to do. I think it is a great thing to do with the <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-002497	Me too. But I'm not sure what frequency it is. Kind of has me worried now!	well maybe we will find out at some point. did you know we can grow a rib in 2-3 months	No, that is shocking. How do they know that?	I think they are a holdover from the early evolution when animals had both gills and lungs.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002498	No but I bet it's wild to see. Ha! Wonder if players are allowed to touch the ball with their hands and arms while it's in play unlike regular soccer?	Yeah I don't know it sounds more interesting to me than regular soccer though LOL, have you heard of the German player Mesut Ozil?	I admire him because he donated his entire world cup bonus to pay for the surgeries of 23 different kids over in Brazil. I wish all athletes were like him!	I think that is a good idea. I wonder if he is a good player or a player who donated his entire world cup bonus to pay for surgeries for 23 children in Brazil.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002499	He was a very funny and interesting man. Something else that is funny is the University of Iowa painted the visiting locker room pink. I wonder what the visiting football teams thought about that.	Yeah it was probably before pink became popular for professional football players to support breast cancer	Do you watch a lot of football?	I do watch football. I do like the Patriots though.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002500	Hmm I am not sure of that. He went to college for it?	Nope he just attended drama class in high school because that is where the pretty girls went	Hahaha the guy really knew what he was after even that early	Yeah he was a good student and he was a good student.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002501	Yeah I think I have read that before, that is impressive. I heard she was really good in that movie as well.	It's funny that she did not know she was auditioning for wonder woman. She thought she was trying out for cat woman	That is pretty funny, do you know what year the original wonder women made an appearance?	That's interesting, I think she was a very good actress.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002502	Actually it was Georgia Tech against Cumberland, they beat them 222-0	Hm. I figured that Tom Brady gave a biblical whooping to the Browns. Oh well. 222-0? Did Cumberland play with their cheerleaders or what?	Hahah good point, I have no idea but what a defeat. Do you ever watch the ESPN?	I watch ESPN. I watch it every week.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002503	I do but i don't get the chance as much anymore. The patriots are on a role.	Do you know how many teams are on the NFL?	Wow that's a good question, how many?	I'm not sure. I'm sure they are on the NFL.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002504	That is true. They produced a knock off lego once	Wow, they have tried their hand on everything it seems, smart business people	Very true. And they also own the Seattle Mariners. Good investment seems	That is true. They have a good investment in Seattle.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002505	I'm surprised a building of that size has lasted so long	I have no idea, but I am glad it survived. History should not be destroyed. Going back to football, the games apparently last only 11 minutes of active game	I guess the players have other things to attend to. They are pretty busy. Sunday is a work day for them. I hope they are editing the Bible like that Jefferson fellow.	I hope they are able to read the Bible.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002506	Yeah it cost a whooping $60 million, that is very expensive	Yeah do you know who Benjarvus Green-Ellis is?	Oh yeah the man is a legend, never fumbled the ball	Yes he was a great player, he was a great player
DSTC10TOPICAL-002507	That makes sense. The NFL is using tracking chips on the players now.	Yes they are and they are collecting many stats such as velocity and rotation and others	Yeah. Do you know who Benjarvus Green-Ellis is?	Yes, he is a former NFL player.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002508	Yes I have, very funny movie. That was a classic right there. Thanks	I have never seen it before, I think Bill Murray said it was comedy gold or something like that.	I agree. Did you know that some of the very first silent movies out there were comedies?	I think they were comedies. They were a lot of fun.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002509	Yeah, wasn't he the guy who didn't ever fumble the ball? Thats a pretty incredible feat.	That sure is, what a career. Did you know bowlers used to make more than football players in the 60s	That is surprising, I never saw bowling as that popular. But engineers make more over a lifetime than football players. So there is some incentive to work hard in school.	That's great, I'm sure you'll be able to work hard in school.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002510	Where did you usually commute from and to? Technology and innovations fly by year after year.	I simply drove to the big city for about an hour and a half. Did you ever use the car radio?	That sounds like my commute. I commute about that long one way for school and back home. Doesn't every car have a radio?	I have one. I'm not sure if it's a radio.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002511	I'm a huge football fan. How about yourself?	I love football both college and NFL, do you have a favorite NFL team of the 32?	I'm a New England Patriots fan and huge fan of Tom Brady how about you?	I'm a huge fan of the New England Patriots.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002512	Well apparently there is a president in Zimbabwe called president banana	They could do a musical number. I think that many fans would follow.	See I like that idea haha. Maybe they could make a lot of money so that Trump could be back into the top three richest presidents of all time	I think that would be great. I think they could make a lot of money so that Trump could be back into the top three richest presidents of all time
DSTC10TOPICAL-002513	I do too. The Saints should do better, if not for themselves, but for the good of the league.	Yeah I agree with you on that. Do you know what the average actual time of gameplay is for an average NFL game?	Something like 10 minutes, right? I think I heard that when they were talking about the chips in the shoulder pads of the players.	I think they are a good idea. They have to be more careful with the chips in the shoulder pads.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002514	I hope so too. We need engineers more than we need athletes if we're going to have a good society.	True! Although it is pretty cool that there isn't a rule that keeps women from playing. All they need to do it meet eligibility	I guess in the future we might see a woman. Anyway, great chat! Have a great evening!	I hope so! I'm sure you'll have a great time!
DSTC10TOPICAL-002515	I don't know honestly. We have some teams that have won state championships in the area but i don't ever go to the games.	I would think it would be more interesting if you went to the actual school.	I would think so too but there's a school in Allen, Texas that spent 60 million dollars to build a football stadium to seat 18,000 people.	I think it would be a lot of fun to go to the games.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002516	Yep, that's how consistently good they have been. Did you know that New Orleans cheerleaders are forbidden from eating in the same restaurant as any NFL player. If they are eating somewhere and an NFL player comes in, they have	Thats rude. I wonder why?	They probably don't want any PR problems from that. It's kind of weird that there is no women in the NFL. There is no written rules against female players.	I'm not sure. I'm sure they have a lot of rules against women in the NFL.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002517	Really, Id be interested to read it. It does sound a little extreme at some times.	I agree lol, do you have a favorite team?	I do, unfortunately I root for the Dolphins, it was a family thing.	I love the Dolphins, they are a great team.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002518	I do not think I have heard of that, what is it? There is a radio station that turns solar energy into sounds	WOw cool one. Have you ever listened to canadian radios?	I have not actually, I just do not have the time I guess. Back to football, Kellan Moore is the only half handed QB in the NFL.	I have not seen him in the NFL, but he is a very talented quarterback.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002519	Good point. The ESPN once won an Emmy. Do you know what for?	Hmm I do not know that, did not know they could qualify for any of those awards	Yeah, well they got it for the superimposed yellow like	I think they did. They were able to get it for the superimposed yellow.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002520	Yes, I did, interesting. I think they owned alot of land.	I believe so too. Up until 1805 the vice president was decided by who the runner up was in the presidential election. Interesting because there probably would have been 2 different opinions on issues of the time in the White	Yes, that is interesting. Its good times have changed.	I think it has changed. Its a lot of changes in the world.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002521	Yeah and after words maybe on a subconscious level. You know the highest scoring game of all time?	Yeah it was 222-0. What a blow out!	Yeah Georgia Tech was not playing around. I would have hated to be on the bus ride home to Cumberland.	Yes, I would have loved to be on the bus.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002522	Im doing great. How bout you.	I'm good, thanks for asking. Do you like Tennis?	I have never really sat down to watch it to be honest.	I've never watched it. I'm not sure if I'll ever watch it.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002523	I love the NFL! I try to follow all 32 teams the best I can.	Nice. I did not know the game season is 17 weeks. That is a long time and lots of games	Yes. It seems to go fast. Each team plays a 16 game schedule.	I like the NFL. I love the NFL.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002524	It That is an interesting coincidence.	Did you know the NFL has no rules against women playing?	That's great! There should a team entirely of women!	I'm sure it would be a great idea!
DSTC10TOPICAL-002525	Hello, do you like television?	I do. I love watching SNL - especially the weekend update.	I love SNL. Did you know when South Park aired the Family Guy episode, they received flowers from the Simpsons crew?	I love the Simpsons crew. They received flowers from the Simpsons crew.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002526	Yes but I guess that was because bowling was much more popular back then	I guess so. Do you know what the highest score in college football is?	Yes that is 222-0 when Georgia Tech beat Cumberland	Yes that is a great score. I think it was 222-0 when Georgia Tech beat Cumberland
DSTC10TOPICAL-002527	I think soccer players make less money than a basketball player. But as a whole soccer is watched by a lot of people more in comparison to basketball. That is just my opinion	Yea basketball players are making upwards of 50 million a year thats crazy. I know overseas soccer is a huge sport. In There exists a variation of soccer where 3 teams face each other at the same time.	I never heard of such thing. How 3 teams can play on the field at the same time is a mind blowing. Hahaha	I think it is a great idea. It is a great way to get the best out of your team.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002528	Well the NFL tracks everything. They even have chips in shoulder pads and footballs for tracking so I am pretty sure they are accurate.	I think its great that tech is being integrated into the game, cool stats indeed they should make devices to control the brain damage injuries	You would think that an average NFL player who will make less than an average engineer over his lifetime would want to help their own health. The NFL is violent.	I think they should make devices to control the brain damage injuries.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002529	Are you a baseball fan? I'm not, so I am not surprised that the Women's World cup has higher ratings than the World Series.	Soccer is the international sport. Women around the world will be keen on seeing the games. Not so much for baseball, I guess. I am not a big baseball fan, though I follow the playoffs.	I'm not a sports person, I do like chess. Although, I didn't know it was invented in India.	I'm not sure if it was invented in India. I'm not sure if it was invented in India.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002530	No! Wow, that's awesome! Very smart and kind of them. I love animals more than a lot of people lol!	It is a great thing they did! i wish the U.S. would do that!	I do too, we have so many animals going extinct it would probably help a lot. They deserve to thrive and be safe too.	I think they should be safe too.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002531	Yeah I guess it was a more popular game back then. Their coaches are the highest paid people	Yeah no surprise there. Do you know what the highest score in college football is?	Hmmm no I do not, what is it. Did you hear about that giant stadium in Texas?	Yes it is. It is a huge stadium in Texas.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002532	Hi, do you like football?	Hello, i love the NFL now thats a real sports league!	Do you know if they have female players?	<unk> s>I know, but they have female players.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002533	Hello, do you watch NFL?	Yes I tried to watch every nfl game. Do you like Tom Brady?	I like him. I guess he is a book author now as well.	I like Tom Brady. He is a book author.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002534	Hello there, do you watch the NFL?	Hi, no I don't watch it. Do you?	Yes me too from time to time. Curious fact, the U of Iowa visitor locker room is painted pink.	Yes, it is painted pink.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002535	Are you a New England Patriots fan?	lol no I am not. Did you know there is no written rule against female players? women are allowed to play football.	And sorry, yes I watch football. I am not a fan of the Patriots either! lol I did know about the rule allowing female players. I'm surprised no females play tho	I'm not sure if they are allowed to play football.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002536	That must be a nightmare for opposing teams! Wonder if that would have helped Cumberland when Georgia Tech set the highest score record when they beat them 222-0. Ha!	Haha that is true! It's so surprising that an average engineer will make more in his life than an NFL or MLB player	Agreed. I even wonder if engineers made more than the top bowlers of the 1960s since they actually made more than the top football players as well!	That is true! I wonder if engineers made more than the top football players of the 1960s.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002537	Yeah, no kidding. Although the average lifetime salary of engineers is higher than the average lifetime earning of an NFL player.	Plus fewer concussions too. I think it would be better for women to go into engineering.	Yeah, no kidding! I know the cheerleaders on the Saints have to leave a restaurant if a team player is there.	I think it would be better for women to go into engineering.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002538	Free with you, they should have had Snoop Dogg make a theme song for the game like he did for his son's high school football team LOL	Interesting, do you play golf?	I have tried to play golf but I'm not very good, it just takes so long to do all 18 holes I think	I've never played golf before, but I'm not sure if it's worth it.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002539	For sure, did you know the NFL is the new religion	I guess it is, many people watch it for sure. Do you know how many teams are there?	I think there are 32 teams now, which is your favorite?	I like the NFL, but I don't know if it is the best team.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002540	Well there is a free website of them if you would like to check it out	Yeah that is nice. Did you know that there is a radio station that turns solar energy into tunes	That is so cool. In WWII soldier made foxhole radio using pencils and razorblades	That is cool. I think it was a very popular radio station in the 1940s.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002541	Now, that's smart	Haha, yep it is.	It was very nice chatting with you. Have a great day	I'm glad you had a great day.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002542	They cannot socialize or date either.	Well that i agree with but forcing them to leaves a bit much to me.	Yeah probably something happened for them to make that rule. Well, cant wait till the draft lol. Gotta run, nice talking to you.	Yeah, I'm glad you're a good candidate.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002543	That was a beautiful show, both in the writing and visually. It's probably the best bit of TV Sci-Fi since 1997.	Yes I thought so too	It's been nice chatting with you, but I'd better get back to work.	I'm going to have to get back to work.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002544	Well I hope the players get their degrees before going to the NFL. The lifetime earnings of an engineer is higher than the average lifetime earnings of an nfl player	They could probably get tons of degrees after the NFL	lol. The bible is the best selling book ever selling over 5 billion copies. I know that because every one has one.	I think it is. It is a great book.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002545	I guess the football players chose the wrong sport then. They could have just gone bowling and make money. They could wear their helmet bowling too.	Well things have changed now so that definitely is not the case. But engineers still make more than football players	Engineers makes more than football players, but not for playing football. Engineers are good at engineering.	I think engineers are good at engineering. They are good at engineering.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002546	I agree. Though the earnings of an engineer over their life time are higher that the earnings of a football player. That makes me feel a little better.	Until you think about retirement age. I'll take ten and out with millions over forty plus and out with millions. lol. What about you?	Same here. I would rather a few years to make my millions.	I'm not sure. I'm a millionaire. I'm a millionaire.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002547	Yes, I forget how football is usually soccer to most people	Soccer is a popular sport around the world. Football is gaining popularity too in other countries.	I think internationally soccer is the most popular. In the US, football generally is more popular	I think it is a popular sport in the US.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002548	Yeah did you know most presidents swear in on the bible.	Two US president did not use it in swearing-in ceremonies.	yeah they are John quincy adams and teddy roosevelt	<unk> s>yes they did.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002549	On a different topic what do you think about Birds by the way? I did eat a chicken for dinner and it was delicious	Birds are pretty awesome, they are technically dinosaurs so I find it fascinating to see living dinosaurs	Yes I agree, it's very crazy that they can range in size from 2 inches to over 9 feet	I think they are very large, they can be as large as a human being.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002550	Yes, you are right, I have lots of comics books, I am not a reader, I like them for the drawing of the characters.	That is interesting. Dc comics paid $130 in 1938 for exclusive rights to superman.	Yes, Superman and Archie rich are two of the most valuable book I heard of according to my knowledge.	Yes, I have read a lot of comics books, I like the characters.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002551	Hello there, do you play the piano?	Hello, I can play a little. What about you?	No, but I really wish that I could I think it is so cool.	I love it. I like to play the piano, but I don't know how to play it.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002552	It would be cool if they even had stuff that predated Marvel, if that is even a thing.	I think there are comics way before that.	I think it is cool how they have different universes, even within the same franchise.	I think it is cool that they have different universes, even within the same franchise.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002553	I agree! They are lucky to make it on ESPN 12 lol. Do you think there will ever be a woman that tries out for a team?	I don't know enough about women's bodies to say. There aren't many women who play in high school or college though.	I agree, but there is a small chance someday! Did you know ESPN won an emmy for their yellow first down line?	I think they won the emmy for their yellow first down line.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002554	Oh I didn't know they were Canadian! If you are a radio drama fan there is a website where you can listen to thousands for free.	I have never listened to drama on the radio, but I do know it was very big, especially in the days before television	Yes it was basically the big form of entertainment! I bet some presidents even tuned in. The three wealthiest presidents were JFK, Washington, and Jefferson.	I think they were the richest.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002555	Football has got to be crazy too. Its a money maker for a lot of colleges	Yeah. The only good thing about this model is that it pays for the lesser sports, like swimming and volleyball.	Did you know Espn won an emmy for the creation of the yellow first down line	Yes, it is. Its a great idea. It is a great idea for the college football program.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002556	I think he is a pretty decent player. So was the former QB for Patriots, Benjarvus	I think considering how many super bowl rings Brady had he is better than decent.	Yeah that is true. Benjarvus on the other hand is the only guy in NFL to have never fumbled a ball.	I think he is the only player in NFL to have never fumbled a ball.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002557	Hello, do you listen to the radio?	Not really. Do you?	Yeah I do quite a bit I just have not managed to find that Jupiter station	I do not know if it is the Jupiter station.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002558	It is funny - bowling is a less athletic sport but they used to make twice as much as football players	i think they now get paid more but not all of them	yes that is true. Espn probably got more from winning an emmy for the creation of the virtual yellow line	i think they are more successful now - they have a lot of money to spend on their games
DSTC10TOPICAL-002559	Yeah that is a wild fact, I guess the thing to do was to be a bowler in the 60's, that was the life!	Sure would be a lot easier physically than football. Did you see espn won an emmy for creating that superimposed yellow line representing the first down? I wonder what year that was	Yeah I am trying to think if I can remember watching games before it happened. I know I have but it's just so part of the game now I can't really remember.	I can't remember the game, but I can't remember it.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002560	Fun! We should be just about done with this hit!	yeah, this was a fun one!	I thought so too! Nice talking with you!	I think it was a great one!
DSTC10TOPICAL-002561	Yes it was basically the big form of entertainment! I bet some presidents even tuned in. The three wealthiest presidents were JFK, Washington, and Jefferson.	With inflation I can see how Washington or Jefferson might have more worth than President Trump. But JFK surprises me	Yes JFK is a bit surprising. I bet the president of Indonesia made a lot from his pop albums!	I think he was a great singer. He was a great singer.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002562	No. I usually watch comedy or romantic movies.	It was fantastic. The end left you guessing though. Some people say Infinity War owes part of it's success to Black Panther.	I will make a point of watching it soon.	I'm going to watch it soon. I'm sure it will be a good movie.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002563	I imagine it was at least hundreds apart?	222-0. I dont even see how that is possible. That one team must have been really bad.	Perhaps a combination of the winning team being just that good and the losing team being so bad	I think it was a combination of the two teams being so bad.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002564	Talk about a good career move that would pay off down the road! Marcia Lucas was the reason for some major changes to the original movie and won an academy award for editing the film.	Another fun fact that I learned is that there's a toy Hans Solo in every Firefly episode. I loved Firefly too!	I never knew that. I'm going to have to go watch and look for it.	I'm sure it's a great movie. I'm sure it's a great movie.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002565	Hi! I love rock music and it has been for a while now. I think since the 60s.	Yeah, it's definitely a classic and great genre. White snake has had over 50 members through it's history. That's crazy!	I know. The list has its own wikipedia page.	I'm sure it's a great list. It's a great list of artists.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002566	Nice! Did you know engineers make more money over time than NFL players do?	I guess that makes sense since their careers are longer too and they have more time to make money	For sure, but I bet NFL players are paid more per hour. Did you know an NFL game has 11 actual minutes of gameplay?	I think that is a good idea. I guess it is a good idea to watch the game in the NFL.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002567	Yeah true. Do you know what is the highest score in college football game?	Yes that is 222-0 and do you know who was playing in that game?	Yes that was Georgia tech that beat Cumberland in 1916	Yes that was the same game.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002568	Actually, I did. That thing was too long, though. I sat for 3 hours, makes me mad to think that the average NFL game has only 11 minutes of actual live gameplay.	Same here. There is so much waiting around. Id like to see a game with a running clock for all of it, stopping only when teams score. That would give more action.	You know they have tracking chips in the player's shoulder pads that records every move on the field. It would be interesting to see what that data shows!	I'm sure it would be interesting to see what the players do on the field.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002569	Yeah that makes sense. Because I haven't heard of that rule with any other team. What about the rule for female players? Apparently there is no rule against it, which is interesting	I guess they never imagined that women would want or be able to play. Other sports might not have such a rule either.	Yeah that makes sense. I don't think that women can play basketball or anything like that, at least in the NBA, but maybe I'm wrong? Do you have a favorite quarterback by the way?	I have a favorite quarterback. He's a great player.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002570	True. 11 minutes of combat.	I'm all for women breaking barriers and the belief that they can accomplish anything a man can, but not when there is a chance for major injury just based on a size advantage.	True. Anyway, I enjoyed chatting with you!	I'm glad you enjoyed it!
DSTC10TOPICAL-002571	Yeah thats true. Looks like a lot of them just inherited the money	And now the actors that play the characters are getting rich. Marvel movies make serious box office cash	I know right. Have you seen infinity war?	Yeah I have. I've seen infinity war.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002572	Yes, the talent is there, on the coaching staff too. Though I have heard accusations for cheating.	Yes and while I am not familiar enough to know the details, which team hasn't been accused as such	I really don't know. I figure that the cost of getting caught cheating would be pretty high. Didn't they have to pay a fine or something?	Yes, they did. I think they were fined for cheating.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002573	Hi! I do occasionally, usually during big games like Super Bowl.	Me too, I really don't watch much but I do like football. I think Tom Brady is an excellent quarterback.	I agree, though he is now in his 40s born in August 1977. Wonder if he might retire soon?	I think he will retire soon.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002574	Nice I liked it too. did you know it was founded in 1889 as a playing card company	Yeah, I did not know it was that old. Did you	Yeah I did not know but apparently it has been that long	Yes, it was founded in 1889 as a card company.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002575	Hi, how are you? do you like Marvel	Hello, I am doing good this morning. Yeah I like Marvel. Me and my son are always watching superhero movies.	Nice, me too although I am not a huge Fantastic Four fan. I think the movie killed it for me...	I like the movie. I love the movie. I'm a fan of the Fantastic Four.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002576	I've watched Australian rules football and Rugby before although they aren't on tv much	They call it football codes. There is also a Gaelic football	Interesting. I mainly watch the NFL even though the games only have an average of 11 minutes of gameplay for each game	I've never watched the NFL but I've seen it on tv.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002577	The nfl has no written rule against female players; women would in fact be allowed if they met the league's eligibility requirements. I had no idea! I would have thought they did but I guess not.	That is interesting but I wonder what the league's eligibility requirements are. What if they had to have played football in college?	I am not sure. Based on the article, they could play. I think that they are not sexist, just biased against age.	I think they are biased against age.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002578	I do! I just watched avengers the other day! Have you seen Wonder Woman?	I haven't, but I should! It was the highest grossing superhero movie!	I know! I've seen the Dark Knight too, have you? It was the highest before Wonder Woman.	I've seen the Dark Knight before, but I've never seen it.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002579	Yeah only 13 TD passes which is low for a QB, he did have a better season the previous year	Saquon Barkley should be a good pick for the fantasy draft next season.	Im not aware of that player in what position does he play?	<unk> s>He plays in the middle of the field, but he is not a quarterback.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002580	That would be different. Maybe they could get a pink locker room like the Univ of Iowa has for its visiting football teams. :) So bad! !	Haha, right! That is crazy. It's not any different than the crazy high score game that ended with 222-0 that's unbelievable!	Yeah that was awful for the losing team I bet. They probably could have benefited from the tracking chips they use today in the players' shoulder pads to record their moves. Maybe could have figured out what they were doing	That's great! I think they could have used the tracking chips to track their moves.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002581	Would be awesome to watch!	Yea, it's quite ironic that Jackson popularized the robot dance and wanted to build a robot lol	Could he make it sing too?	<unk> s>I think he could sing too!
DSTC10TOPICAL-002582	I can't believe google is only 10 years old!	They have certainly grown pretty fast. I love YouTube!	i do too! i also like google maps. Do you use that a lot?	I use google maps a lot. I use it for my work.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002583	Me too, but I guess in my childhood and college years I was watching much often. I didn't know that 14 of the world's 25 largest stadiums belong to American college football teams. Did you know that?	I did not know that. The University of Iowa's lock room for visiting teams is painted in all pink.	lol why? Do they believe it may bring any benefits to Iowa?	I think so. I'm sure it will bring some benefits to Iowa.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002584	I wonder too, there is an AM radio frequency that catches Jupiter's radio storms	Very cool, wonder if it just sounds like static or what? Bill Murray voiced the Human Torch in the 1970's fantastic four radio show!	no way! Now i need to look that up. It probably was amazing	I think it was a great show.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002585	Good point. Did you know that bowlers made twice as much as top football stars ?	Thats crazy. It like how engineers make more in a lifetime	And what up with that crazy cumberland game. I would have walked off the field	Thats crazy. I would have walked off the field.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002586	That's such a nice gesture. For the longest time he was the voice of college football. Did you go to Michigan?	I did not just a big fan. My favorite player of all time attended there so It was how I became a fan	Who is your favorite player of all time?	I'm a fan of the quarterback. He was a great player.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002587	I do love football! How about you?	Yes, I love to go to the games? What do you think of the Patriots?	I like the Patriots! I'm glad that they won the super bowl. Tom Brady puts a lot of work into his game and deserves to be a winner for his dedication to being the best he can be.	I love the Patriots! I'm so proud of him.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002588	I did, it was pretty boring this year though.	Free with you, they should have had Snoop Dogg make a theme song for the game like he did for his son's high school football team LOL	Interesting, do you play golf?	I play golf, I like to play golf.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002589	Oh yeah you're right when they the aired the final family Guy episode.	Tv is a mass medium for advertisement, entertainment, and news. Is there anything else you enjoy?	Yes it is indeed. I enjoy the Internet. It's addicting and can cause measurable changes in the brain.	I'm not sure. I'm a doctor. I'm a doctor.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002590	I wonder if that is supposed to have some effect on the players	I am not sure. In the 60s bowlers used to make more than NFL players	Yeah I guess it was a more popular game back then. Their coaches are the highest paid people	I think they were the highest paid people in the NFL <unk> s>I think they were the most popular players in the game
DSTC10TOPICAL-002591	Wasn't he a running back for the NE Patriots?	Yeah he was and he never fumbled the ball in his career	That's impressive. I wonder how many years he played for the Patriots to have that kind of stat	I wonder how long he played for the Patriots?
DSTC10TOPICAL-002592	Now that's suprising. I wonder how much would that be	I'm not sure. I think it's because NFL players do not play past their 30s normally	True. How about golf? are you familiar with it?	I'm not familiar with golf. I've never played it before.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002593	Yes. The Saints cheerleaders cannot even eat in the same restaurant as the players.	I guess it is to keep the players from getting distracted or from bad press about teams.	I'm sure. Even if the cheerleader is already there, if a player walks into the restaurant the cheerleader has to leave.	Yes, the cheerleaders are not allowed to eat in the same restaurant as the players.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002594	I guess that is not a lot considering how long they have been around	That is true actually. Do you know the programming language Python?	I have heard of it, is that somehow related to comedy	I think it is. It is a comedy genre, but it is not really related to comedy.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002595	I sometimes watch football. You?	I like watching it when it's on! Can you believe there is only 11 minutes of actual gameplay?	I can. they do so much standing around and waiting. it feels like they try to run down the clock. i wouldnt buy a ticket. too expensive.	I would buy a ticket. I'm not sure what to do with it.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002596	True. It was my pleasure to talk with you.	Have a good day my friend watch a disney film for me today	Sure.	Yes. I'm sure you will enjoy it.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002597	Ha! Maybe so! I mean, there's only 11 minutes of live NFL gameplay on average so it wouldn't hurt to have a few female players, I wouldn't think!	Maybe there is to many advertisements, what do yo think ? Or if the players played more than 11 minutes, they would get more injuries ?	I think it's primarily the commercials. Crazy to think it's only 11 minutes though! I wonder if the chips they use to track the movement of players only tracks 11 minutes worth?	I think it's a good idea to use chips to track the movement of players
DSTC10TOPICAL-002598	Yes and they also have to leave mid meal if they walk in	Yes it is absurd and sexist and it needs to go	I agree. THey are using tracking chips on the players now	Yes they are using tracking chips on the players now <unk> s>I agree
DSTC10TOPICAL-002599	Yes they are and they are collecting many stats such as velocity and rotation and others	Yeah. Do you know who Benjarvus Green-Ellis is?	Of course I do, he played for the Patriots and never fumbled the ball in his career	Yes, he was a quarterback for the Patriots and he was a great player.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002600	That stat actually surprises me with how much football players work! Did you know that in the 60s even top bowlers made more than football players? !	I wasn't aware of that, actually. That's sad and unfair - almost as bad as the Saints cheerleaders not being allowed to dine in the same restaurant as the football players.	That's terrible, especially since the cheerleaders need to leave even if they were there first. Talk about no womens rights?	That's really sad. I'm not sure if they are allowed to go to the same restaurant as the football players.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002601	How great is that! So important. The library of Alexandria had a unique way of gathering books by making all ships visiting surrender their books for copy .	They must have had a impressive collection	How unfair, they would copy their books give them back the copy and keep the originals.	<unk> s>It was a very nice idea. They had a great collection of books.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002602	Wow. Didn't know that. Antarctica has a disc golf course	Oh that would be a cold course! A golf course in Dubai requires 4 million gallons of water!	That is a lot of water. The US have more golf courses than the world combined	That is a lot of water. The US has more golf courses than the world combined.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002603	How things have changed now. Did you hear they are using tracking chips on the players now?	Yes they are collecting information such as velocity and rotation and a bunch others, Wonder what for though.	I hope they can somehow use them to make the game safer and decrease the number of concussions	Yes, they are using tracking chips to track the players and help them reduce the number of concussions.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002604	Yes. They are definitely a power couple. Do you watch Game of Thrones? The author called the Pats the Lannisters of the NFL!	Yeah I've heard that one ;) really funny but what does it mean - they always pay their debt ? ;) lol	Did you know that in the 1960's bowlers made twice as much as top football stars?	Yes. They made twice as much as top football stars in the 1960's.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002605	I am not sure. But I'd definitely see the recent Spider Man film. I heard it was really good. And it won some Oscars	I heard it was really good, hes not my favorite superhero, but Id definitely see it also.	Do you read any other comic books?	I read a lot of comic books. I've read a lot of comic books.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002606	Wow. Drogba once stopped a civil war in his country	WOw amazing. Even Jon Steward used to be a soccer player	Nice a tv host and a soccer player, lots of talent there	Yes, he was a soccer player. He was a great host and a football player.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002607	They give 24 awards to talented people in the film industry annually.	Yes, Did you know that Daniel Day-Lewis is the only actor to win Best Actor at the Oscars 3 times.	No, I did not know that. Thanks for the info. I always like to know the facts related to the entertainment industry.	I like to know the facts about the entertainment industry.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002608	Friends was a great show, they had so much talent there. I was and am more of a Seinfeld fan, 3rd rock was ok.	I just love that comedies generally have a happy ending. I love to smile and laugh.	Yeah same here, and comedy is pretty hard to do right!	I think it is hard to do right.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002609	I watch it most weekends. I prefer the NFL to college football or any other league.	I was shocked to find out that an average NFL game, only has 11 minutes of live gameplay.	They do keep the time running while the teams are setting up & calling a new play a lot so I guess it's not too surprising. They still earn a lot of money for the little work they do.	I'm not sure if they are a good player.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002610	do you know much about the universe?	Some stuff. There is a theory that it was formed through evolution	Yeah and another one that there is only one electron in it	That is interesting. I think it was formed through evolution.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002611	Originally the runner-up would become vice president. So in our last election we would had vice president Hillary Clinton and president Trump. Talk about a lot of drama haha	Wow! That would have been crazy. We are much too partisan for that now. Maybe it would force us to work together more. Off topic but do you watch a lot of TV?	I watch a little bit of TV. since I don't have cable I only watch Netflix mostly. I like the show stranger things, what about you?	I like the show Strange Things. I like the show 'The Strange Things'.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002612	Jefferson created a bible? How much money did he make on it? I know he was rich.	Yeah he created a version of it and took out all the supernatural stuff because he did not believe in it	There must not have been much left! I guess it was short book. Why did Jefferson do this? Was he angry at God or something?	I think he was angry at God. He was angry at God.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002613	I am not sure but it is shot in California in an Ikea store and people there do not even know	WOw. Do you like radio dramas?	I like them sometimes. Do you listen to them?	I listen to them. Do you listen to radio dramas?
DSTC10TOPICAL-002614	Probably. I guess it's written into their contract.	football players are having too much troubles already	That's true. But it seems everyone else has to change their ways for them.	<unk> s>I think they're going to have to change their ways.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002615	Yes, have you seen Iron Man, if yes did you like it?	Yes. Even after ten years it holds up quite well!	That's true, I even like the actor in Iron Man as much as the movie itself. He is one of my favorite actor.	Yes, I like the actor in Iron Man. He is a great actor.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002616	I understand their thinking. They felt that they should be loyal to the law of the land and the people of the US.	Do you like football?	Football is a fun sport. I don't get a chance to watch it much. You?	I don't watch it much. I don't like it.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002617	Yes that is amazing, was also shocked when I read that	I guess I find all of it fascinating. How did someone figure out that these waves could be converted into sound?	I know its crazy, I wonder if it was one of those I have an idea moments	I think it was a great idea, I wonder if it was a real idea
DSTC10TOPICAL-002618	OK. Did you know that females could play in the NFL ?	No but i dont like how cheerleaders are forbidden from eating in the same restaurant as any nfl player	That is crazy that they would have to leave if a player comes in.	i think they would have to leave if they were a player.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002619	Absolutely - there is a reason the lifetime earnings of an engineer is higher than that of a nfl player - their career is a lot longer.	It's funny to think that back in the 1960s, bowlers were paid more. I can't imagine sitting around and watching bowling being more exciting, but bowling alleys were popular.	Yeah I do love bowling though its been a while since I did it. There are more female bowlers though - even though it is allowed for women to play in the NFL, there aren't any.	I'm not sure if there are any female bowlers in the NFL - they are just women.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002620	I guess. Do you know how the polos were invented?	Yes they were invented by a tennis player Rene Lacoste	Yes and then was adopted by others and the rest is history	Yes they were invented by Rene Lacoste and then adopted by others.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002621	What a guy really. Did you know about that weird rule that New Orleans cheerleader shave to abide to?	Yeah about not being able to eat in the same restaurant as the players. What is up with that?	Yeah and they have to leave mid meal. That rule is sexist and has to go	That is a weird rule. They have to go to the same restaurant as the players.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002622	i do like to watch football. only get the chance from time to time. You?	I do. Did you know that the NFL has no written rules against female players?	i heard something about that, but then again i dont think they ever imagined a woman showing up to try out.	i think they did. I was surprised to see that.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002623	I do from time to time.	me too, I am a university of iowa football fan, they paint their visitors locker room pink!	That's cool. Do you watch the NFL at all?	I watch the NFL at all. I'm a fan of the NFL.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002624	hahaha, it is just so much fun, the game itself and all the cheering and the fans. How about the animal world, do you take much interest there?	Yeah I am a big fan of animals and nature, how about you?	Most definitely, I love science in general. Crazy to think we share the planet with 20 quintillion other species of animals	I love animals and nature, I love the animals.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002625	Yes I guess football was not that popular back then as it is now	True. Do you know the highest score in college football?	Yes that is 222-0 when Georgia Tech beat Cumberland	Yes that is a great score. I think it was 222-0 when Georgia Tech beat Cumberland
DSTC10TOPICAL-002626	yes, I'd like to learn how do that myself. Apparently, you just use a razor blade and a pencil as a diode. I believe that they were called Foxhole radios.	Did you know that you can hear Jupiter radio songs on AM radio?	Well, I think it is radio storms that are so strong that they can be picked up and heard on the AM radio.	I think that is a good thing. I'm sure that it is a good thing to hear the radio songs on AM radio.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002627	I would if I had that kind of crazy money but it's so many shelter animals it would not be smart.	Have you ever used Pandora Radio?	Yes! I enjoy the service, How about you?	I've never used Pandora Radio. I'm not sure if I'll ever use it.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002628	Hi do you like movies?	Good Afternoon! Yes, I do enjoy movies and I try to watch a new release at least once a month. You?	That is cool, do not do it as often. One of the ones that I admire the most is star wars series which started in 1977	I love Star Wars series. It is a great series, I love it.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002629	I didn't know that, do you know if they still do that?	They still make rubber boots yes	Boots have a lot of interesting history in general. I believe the first people to ever be photographed were a man and the cleaner cleaning his boots.	I think they were the first people to be photographed.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002630	Yes it is indeed. I enjoy the Internet. It's addicting and can cause measurable changes in the brain.	It is hard to get away from the internet. Even Mt Everest has service!	Yes that is so hard to believe! When buying a product or service online, only 7% of people read the full terms.	Yes, I read the full terms of the product. It is a great way to get away from the internet.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002631	Did you know that Hugh Jackman once walked around comic con in his full wolverine costume and no one even noticed him?	haha I didn't know that. That's pretty cool! Sean Bean is so scared of flying that he hiked into location in full costume when filming the Lord of the Rings.	wow that is crazy.. There is a great pianist on tv right now - do you play?	I play piano too. I'm a pianist and I play piano in the studio.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002632	I didnt know that, I wonder if players are ok with that, chips can gather all kinds of info and it can be a bit invasive	Well I think it is only during games so they can get velocity and rotation and such. They must be okay with it since they are keeping them in their pads	Oh I see, so this only applies to games, a thing I dont like about the game is that a lot of the times is wasted on ads, theres only a total of 11 minutes of live play	I think it is a lot of time wasted on ads, but the ads are really annoying.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002633	That is pretty cool that there is no written rule against them and hope to see them in the field soon	Yeah I hope so too. Did you know engineers make more int heir lifetime?	Yeah and I wonder if that fact that they have longer careers has anything to do with that	I think so too. I wonder if that is a factor in their career?
DSTC10TOPICAL-002634	Ok, yes. It could. I'm not advocating that women. play. In fact, they'd be better off as engineers probably. The average lifetime earnings of an engineer is higher than the average lifetime earnings of an NFL player.	Probably due to injury related early retirement	True. Engineers have fewer concussions.	Yes, they have fewer concussions.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002635	There's a lot of money in European soccer. I guess it helps to diversity across sports and locations.	Yes, I imagine.	Soccer seems to be a game that's more fun to play than watch. I understand the appeal in countries where people grow up playing it. Recently some American got signed to a European team for a ton of cash. Maybe	I think it's a good idea to have a team that is more diverse.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002636	Oh I see, interesting, and yeah, I see your point that definitely sells movies or at least creates interest in them.	The fact that he was so well-known and considered a comic legend just shows how effective he was at those spots. Before Iron Man was released in 2008, many people didn't even realize comics were still being published.	I can imagine after all the whole Marvel franchise is live because of him and will keep on living long after his death.	I think he will be a great comic legend.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002637	That's interesting, the evolutionary things are so cool, I get the hiccups a lot too.	Haha I think I have the right now. I'm just glad though that Scotland passed a lot to protect the Loch Ness monster back in 1912 just in case it exists lol	That's funny, I'd definitely be a lawyer in Switzerland to represent the animals, love them!	I'm sure they're a great animal, I'd love to be able to help them.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002638	You are kind of right, but definitely something underneath is going on with him.	I guess, maybe I don't think it's the big of deal to be upset as long as you acknowledge that it was wrong. A bit of anger can be healthy.	And I have to admit that the reporter was pushing him a little bit.	I think it's a good thing to be angry.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002639	I think it is a good platform for that by the way.	Not everyone does though. Burger King had a promotions that you got a free whopper if you unfriend 10 people. I wonder what inspired that.	I think that Burger King was just looking for media attention which they got.	I think they were just looking for media attention.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002640	Yes I actually have a DIY project in my home right now. Im watching YouTube to complete it.	It is such a great thing. There is actually NOTHING I have tried to look up that I didn't find!	I know, there is a ton of info available, even material from corporations like CBS and BBC, I think YouTube is a great invention.	I think YouTube is a great invention.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002641	I have a passing knowledge	Same here. The highest scoring game ever was 222-0! That must have been something to watch!	Either the winning team was just that good or the losing team was just that bad	That is a great game! I'm sure the winning team was just that good.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002642	It is true, I do enjoy watching the Super Bowl.	Me too although it was pretty boring this year.	Yeah, it was very boring.	I did not watch it. I was a little disappointed with the results.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002643	What tv drama does he act in?	I don't like his movies to be honest. One more celebrity news is that actor Michael caine became an actor because all the prettiest girls at his school were in drama class.	Michael is one of my all-time favorite actors!	I love him! He is one of my favorite actors.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002644	I may have seen one a very long time ago. Fox did not think it would succeed so they told George lucas if he directed it he would get all merchandising rights to himself. He must have made a fortune.	Oh I actually knew that about the films! He definitely made a fortune. They thought that the entire franchise would never make any money - especially when it came to toys and such. I bet they regret every bit of	Yes, and his wife Marcia was the reason they made all the good changes. She even won an award for it.	I think she was a great actress. She was a great actress.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002645	Engineers came up with that! Probably a better profession for women to choose. The average lifetime earnings of an engineer are higher than the average lifetime earnings of an NFL player.	I wonder why that is! Maybe because engineers have to work longer? After all football games only have about 11 minutes of live game play.	True, but there is little risk of concussion as an engineer.	I think it is because engineers have to work longer.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002646	I would certainly take the engineer career path in that case. It would certainly be much easier on your body.	Yes, can you believe that in the 60s top pro bowlers made twice as much as footballs players? Talk about a job that's easy on you body!	That would be much easier on your body. I can't imagine that paying more. Times have changed. Were you also aware that 14 of the world's 25 largest stadiums are American college football team stadiums?	Yes, they are. They are the largest stadiums in the world.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002647	Wow cool. Did you know that superbowl is very small compared to soccer events?	Wow, I guess since so many people around the works like the sport	Yeah true. Did you know Greenland cannot join FIFA?	I know. It is a very difficult country to join.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002648	Yeah. Did you know women can play in the NFL?	Yea there is no rule against that as long as they qualify	Yes. The game average is only 11 minutes of play anyways	Yes. I'm sure it is a good game for women.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002649	Isn't that crazy? Almost as crazy as the thought that it is impossible to separate two phonebooks whose pages have overlapped.	Yeah or that the cables carrying phone and internet data are under water lying on the oceans floor.	Are you a Simpsons fan? There is only one episode where Bart is not present, or even mentioned.	I'm not sure if Bart is mentioned in the episode.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002650	Yeah, I think I saw him play the piano in several films some of them had Jazz songs.	Clint is great! He is not much of a singer though. On a related note, Im astonished that Pakistan has a jazz orchestra. I did not imagine jazz as popular in that part of the world.	Pakistan has an orchestra? that is an interesting fact indeed, do you know why trumpeters grew goatees?	I dont know why they grew goatees.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002651	No, I've never heard anything like that. I did hear, though, that there's a website where you can listen to thousands of episodes of classic radio dramas for free although I never had the pleasure of doing so.	Interesting, I'm not a huge fan of classic radio dramas.	Me neither but I like to investigate old school. Old school is interesting. As a matter of old school, did you know that the circular huddle in football was created by Paul D. Hubbard, a deaf QB, so the other	I'm not sure. I've never heard of that. I'm not sure if it's true.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002652	For almost each trip I make when I don't know where it is, especially on out of town trips	same, i use it a lot when i'm going to familiar places too in order to see if there is traffic on the road or an accident	Whenever Google goes down even for one second, there is usually a big uproar by users	i'm not sure what to do when it goes down, but I'm sure it's a good idea to get out of town.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002653	yeah! it was founded back in 1923 and it is definitely approaching 100 years. That seems really insane to me	It definitely has established itself as a leader in the animation industry. Everyone knows who they are and has seen a Disney movie!	Yes I agree! What is your favorite Disney movie by the way? I really like The Little Mermaid and Beauty and the Beast	I like The Little Mermaid and Beauty and the Beast. I love the Disney movie.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002654	No! What teams did that?	Georgia Tech versus Cumberland.	That sounds like two college teams. That couldn't have been any time recently right?	That's great! I'm sure it was a good time to be in college.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002655	No I didn't know that! Doesn't seem like that makes any sense to me haha. Did you know that our rules for elections changed in 1805?	I agree. No I did not. How did they change?	Originally the runner-up would become vice president. So in our last election we would had vice president Hillary Clinton and president Trump. Talk about a lot of drama haha	Yes, I think it was. I'm sure that would be a lot of drama.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002656	That is crazy! You could buy an xbox for a whole lot less! Did you know that South Korea has laws on how late at night kids can play video games?	no! How late? do you know?	I do. They can't play past midnight.	I'm not sure. I'm sure they can play until midnight.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002657	It is very helpful to view football though.	Yes. A simple thing can make a huge difference.	Yes, most of the best inventions are very simple. Do you like the Patriots?	Yes, they are a great team.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002658	Power to the animals! Germany also protects them as they were the first country to universally give animals constitutional rights!	That's hilarious! There's a jellyfish that can live forever.	Wow. blessing and a curse I suppose. I hate getting the hiccups but apparently its from early evolution of having both gills and lungs.	I think it's a natural evolution of the jellyfish.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002659	I have read some. Mostly online. I was never a Marvel fan until the movies came out though. Unless it was someone big like Spiderman. It amazing how release times of movies can affect each other.	Spiderman is very popular. The rights cost Sony $10 mill	They seem like a company who should make that much. They created a superhero for a 4 year old boy, just so he would be more comfortable about his hearing aids.	I think they should have made a superhero for a 4 year old boy.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002660	Hi, how are you? Are you ready for a fine chat today?	For sure. Do you watch the NFL at all?	The NFL? The National Football League? Yes, I've heard of it. Is it any good?	I'm not sure. I'm not sure if it's good.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002661	Yeah I agree with you on that. Do you know what the average actual time of gameplay is for an average NFL game?	Something like 10 minutes, right? I think I heard that when they were talking about the chips in the shoulder pads of the players.	Yeah it's only 11 minutes of actual gameplay, the rest is spent calling plays and moving chains and stuff. Yeah I have heard about that too, very interesting.	Yeah, I've heard about that. It's a lot of fun.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002662	I don't know. I think their hands are a bit tied because there are not many options for Quarterback on the team.	I was hoping that the Giants would put him to play instead of Eli	I think they will. Eli is already 37 years old.	I think they will. Eli is a great player.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002663	It was really good. A different type of marvel movie which was great	I like the comedy ones. i am not really into explosions and fight scenes. they get old.	That is a good point, seeing it once was good enough to like. It was so nice chatting with you!	I like the comedy ones. I like the fight scenes.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002664	That is a lot. Did you know there is a town , where the Mayor is a cat?	I think that is in Alaska, right?	Yes, the town is Talkeetna, and the cat has been major since 1997	Yes, the cat is a big animal.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002665	What kind of book is it?	I suppose it depends on who you ask. I believe that he believes it's spiritual but a critic called it cult like and creepy.	What do you think though?	I think it's a good book.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002666	That was a good game. They started out as a playing card company. I didn't know they owned the Mariners.	No I didn't know that either. I also didn't know that they made a handheld system just for the game Pokemon back in 2001, I wonder what system that was	I never heard of that either. I wonder if it was only for the Japanese market? At the Mariners games, you can install an app for the 3DS to order food.	I'm sure they have a food app for the 3DS.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002667	Hahaha I wonder. Do you know what the highest score in football is?	Yeah, that would be the Georgia Tech crushing of Cumberland, 222-0. Ouch!	I know I wonder how they felt after that	I wonder what the score was.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002668	Yes, I do! I just hope it is not hosted by Jimmy Kimmel again. Do you plan on watching?	yes if i can remember the day. will you have a viewing party?	Usually just watch it by myself. What does a viewing party consist of exactly?	I have a viewing party. What is a viewing party?
DSTC10TOPICAL-002669	It's amazing how much technology is used in the NFL these days	Yes, I was reading about the chips that they're using in shoulder pads. I hope the data they gather that way will be used to prevent injuries.	And it's interesting how ESPN won an Emmy for that yellow line they created.	I'm sure they won an Emmy for that yellow line.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002670	Do you watch the rest of the NFL? I do even though there is 11 minutes of actual action in a 3 hour broadcast.	I do, games tend to be really long and Im not convinced by that fact, games seem to last a lot longer, gameplay and all, I wonder if its actually true	Well the NFL tracks everything. They even have chips in shoulder pads and footballs for tracking so I am pretty sure they are accurate.	I think they are accurate, they have chips in shoulder pads and a football for tracking.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002671	Yeah he is definitely very smart. I guess there is also a theory where there is just one electron in the whole universe as well.	hmm that is strange I haven't heard that, kim jong un has a degree in physics so maybe he knows haha	Holy cow, I didn't know that about him, very interesting.	Yeah, he is very smart.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002672	Are you a fan of Tom Cruise?	I do like some of his movies.	Did you know Seinfeld is worth more than Tom Cruise and Tom Hanks combined?	I think he is worth more than Tom Cruise and Tom Hanks combined
DSTC10TOPICAL-002673	Yeah I hope we get to see them in the field at some point	Yeah me too. THe gameplay is only 11 minutes anyways	Yes and yet we are glued to the tv for hours on end	Yeah I am a fan of the game and I love it.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002674	That's interesting! Will you be watching the Superbowl? I heard it's coming up	I hope the Eagles make it again. Hopefully they don't have to set up a court though	Ha. I don't usually watch football but will probably watch the Superbowl. The suspense is exciting.	I'm sure they will make it again. I'm sure they'll be able to get the ball back on the field.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002675	I do not really, are they good? Maybe I should check them out	Well there is a free website of them if you would like to check it out	Yeah that is nice. Did you know that there is a radio station that turns solar energy into tunes	I think they are good. They have a radio station that turns solar energy into tunes
DSTC10TOPICAL-002676	That seems unfair. A lot about football seems unfair. For example, New Orleans Saints cheerleaders can't eat in the same restaurant as any NFL player. If they are already dining at a restaurant and an NFL player comes in after,	That is so wrong and sexist, I cannot believe they still have that rule. Did you know ESPN won an Emmy once?	I believe it. ESPN has been around for a long time. They should have won at least once.	I think they should have won an Emmy once.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002677	I bet they are regretting this choice and someone definetely got fired lol, It sure cost them billions.	The franchise itself is worth $65 billion.	I like that Star Wars explored the universe, although many things of the movie are fiction it made me wonder as a kid, you know that there are stars that are cold enough that can be touched with bare hands	I think they are a lot of fun to watch.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002678	That is interesting, it goes to show just how big the NFL has gotten since then.	I think engineers make more, as well.	Over the average career they do, I think it takes in account how long their careers are compared to pro sports players.	I think it takes into account how long they are in the NFL.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002679	Good morning! Yes, I am. What about you?	I watch mostly college, but I tend to watch most during playoff time.	That's cool, I like NFL football.	I like the NFL. I like the NFL.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002680	Yeah I recently just found that out. Would you say you're pretty religious?	You would think since there's only 11 minutes of live NFL gameplay, we'd at least have a female kicker by now, right? But I do like to read the Bible from time to time. What about you?	Right, I can't believe it's so short considering a game is like 3 hours long when watching it. I am not too religious but I do read the Bible from time to time	I read the Bible from time to time. I read the Bible from time to time.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002681	I didn't know that. What did they win it for?	It was pretty strange but they got it for inventing the superimposed yellow line	Interesting! RB Former RB Benjarvus Green-Ellis never fumbled during his NFL career. That's pretty incredible.	That's pretty amazing. I'm sure they'll get it for a good reason.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002682	Right!! Are you interested in football history? I'm looking forward to the Super Bowl coming up. The original first NFL playoff game was way back in 1932.	That is wild, to be honest I kind of thought that playoff games happened earlier than that, I do know that the highest scoring football game was 222-0 although I don't remember what teams were playing	Wow. That must have been some boring game! The game today is so technologically involved. They even use tracking chips to monitor the ball speed, etc. and the players moves.	I'm sure that was the first game in the NFL. It was a big game, but it was a big game.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002683	Matt Patricia is a male lol, he is a rocket scientist and also a coach in the NFL	Wow, I feel a little embarrassed for not knowing that, first chance I get I will read upon him.	Patricia its a girls name so don't worry its an honest mistake, he must be a really smart guy though being a rocket scientist and all	<unk> s>He is a rocket scientist and a coach in the NFL
DSTC10TOPICAL-002684	New orleans saints cheerleaders are forbidden from eating in the same restaurant as any nfl player and if they are already dining at a restaurant and an nfl player comes in after, the cheerleaders are required to leave. Isn't this	Yeah, that's pretty crazy. The average lifetime earnings of an engineer is higher than the average lifetime earnings of an nfl player and an average mlb player.	Now that's suprising. I wonder how much would that be	I'm not sure. I'm sure that's a lot of money.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002685	Hi there, do you watch the NFL games?	The NFL? The National Football League? I've heard of it. Is that still around?	Yeah of course it is a big deal nowadays. Much bigger than in the 60 when Bowling was a bigger sport	Yes, it is. It was a big sport in the 60s.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002686	Same here. The highest scoring game ever was 222-0! That must have been something to watch!	Either the winning team was just that good or the losing team was just that bad	Or both! Did you know in the NFL they only play for around 11 minutes per game?	That's great! I think they play for around 11 minutes per game.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002687	Well he is doing what it takes to stay at the top of his game at age 40	coupled with avocado ice cream as well.	Did you know that the visiting football teams is completely painted pink ?	Yes he is a fan of the pink colors.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002688	A Mars colonization project planned for 2023 will be funded by creating a reality TV show.	What the heck, I wonder who will sign up for that show?	HAHA no idea!	<unk> s>I'm not sure, but I'm sure it will be a reality show.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002689	Me too. Hopefully nothing wrong with Lebron	im not a lebron fan !!! im hoping something is a little wrong with him haha	whatever. Btw, do you watch football games this season	i watch football games this season.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002690	Google employees that need help could improve their knowledge by reading it.	Did you know robots can be controlled by using rat brains?	I heard that it's personality is changed depending on the brain they used.	<unk> s>I've heard that robots can be controlled by using rat brains
DSTC10TOPICAL-002691	Yes they do. I wonder how big they are.	Me too! Interesting that they live underwater too	seems like you can't escape bugs anywhere from the ocean to the sky	I'm sure they are big. They are very small.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002692	He really does, he was drafted as a number one pick in 2005 too.	Do you go to football games? I've been to one once in my life at Indiana University.	Ive been to quite a few at Florida State, but no pro games. There is only 11 minutes of live action anyway	I've never been to a pro game, but I've been to a few.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002693	That's great. Did you know that espn won an award.	Yes! It is so interesting to learn the history behind things such as the symbols representing first down lines in American football games.	I haven't heard about those. I do know they are going to add tracking chips in the padding of the players.	I'm sure they will add tracking chips to the padding of the players.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002694	I honestly can say I do not remember a science fiction film winning an Oscar for best picture. It usually ends up be some dramatic movie or something. Its possible they may have won before my time, but I don't	Yeah, what's you're favorite sci-fi film?	Off the top of my head I can't think of one. I love movies dealing with aliens and such though. I also enjoy when the sci fi has a little bit of a fear element to it. What is your	I like to watch movies that have a lot of scary elements.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002695	I am not positive, but I think the original 1977.	Yea that one is my favorite. It's crazy the entire Star Wars franchise is worth 65 billion	Wow yes, I remember it was one of the most popular and high rated movie that brought in millions.	I think it was a great movie.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002696	I hope so too. On another topic, do you know anything about the Bible?	I do actually. I know that is has sold over 5 billion copies now	That is a lot of books. I guess that is why is one of the most influential books in history	I think it is one of the most influential books in history.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002697	Hello, How are you? Do you like football?	Football? Yes, it is a great game! The world loves the football!	Yes, especially the US, the NFL. were you meaning the soccer game?	Yes, it is a great game!
DSTC10TOPICAL-002698	Do you watch the NFL?	A little, you? I can't watch like i use to years ago so im not current.	Which of the 32 teams is your favorite?	I like the NFL. I like the Patriots.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002699	I guess? They say Shakespeare's works take on a different meaning when performed with an era appropriate accent instead of a modern one. I think I'd like to watch and listen to one.	I would too. I wonder if he could play piano?	He may have, he seemed very talented. Can you play piano?	I can't wait to hear it. I'm sure he could play piano.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002700	I can't even imagine what it must have felt like to lose that badly. I think the game should have been stopped.	Yea that is a pretty appalling performance by Cumberland, there hasn't been a worse performance in over a 100 years	That's an interesting fact. What do you think about the team that painted the opposing teams locker room pink?	That's a great story. I think the team painted the locker room pink.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002701	It is 222-0 and it dates back to 1916 when Georgia Tech beat Cumberland	Yeah what a game really. Did you know ESPN won an Emmy once?	Yeah they won it for the superimposed yellow line and I am happy about that .	I'm happy that they won it for the superimposed yellow line.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002702	222-0. I dont even see how that is possible. That one team must have been really bad.	Perhaps a combination of the winning team being just that good and the losing team being so bad	Ive seen some blow outs, but never by that much.	That is a good thing. I have never seen that kind of blow outs.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002703	I would think for sure Trump would be the wealthiest! Maybe Trump could make some pop albums while in office like the president in Indonesia did! haha, that would bring in more money! Then he could have concerts too! haha,	Maybe he can make it to the top 3 if he sold a decent amount of albums lol, it would be crazy and it is sure fun to imagine.	Wouldn't it! I wonder if the president ever goes to any Football games or goes to concerts, or rather have them come to him lol....I love concerts and have been to many but not any lately.	I have never been to any. I've been to many, but I've never been to one.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002704	Yeah and won an award for it.	Do you like baseball? A married couple scheduled all the games up until 2005. In fact they scheduled 2430 games.	That is a lot of time dedicated to baseball lol I hope they got paid! It is nice when couples have a hobby that they are so passionate about though.	I think it is nice to have a hobby that is so passionate.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002705	They did not use a Bible at their swearing-in ceremonies. I think they swore on the Constitution.	It interesting how the work apple came about	That is an interesting coincidence. The word "malus" means both apple and evil. So Eve actually ate evil.	I think they did not use a Bible at the swearing-in ceremony.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002706	Wow. Do you like the nfl?	I sure do. Did you know Snoop Dog wrote a song for his son's team?	Cool. Did you know U of Iowa painted the visitor locker room pink?	I'm sure it was pink. I'm sure it was a pink color.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002707	That is crazy, then why does it take 3 hours? Seems like it should move along faster.	They must be going from snap to whistle but that still seems way low.	I agree with that, it must be all the commercials	<unk> s>I agree, it is a lot of commercials.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002708	Ya, I would say that from my experience that means that 40% of the music on a canadian radio is probably not very good haha	Right!! Are you interested in football history? I'm looking forward to the Super Bowl coming up. The original first NFL playoff game was way back in 1932.	That is wild, to be honest I kind of thought that playoff games happened earlier than that, I do know that the highest scoring football game was 222-0 although I don't remember what teams were playing	I'm not sure what teams were playing in the playoffs, but I'm sure they were playing a lot of different teams.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002709	Oh for sure! Do you like science at all?	I do like science, I think that scientists make big contributions to society, they make human kind better and smarter.	Well said! Did you know the NFL has a coach who was a rocket scientist?	I know, he was a rocket scientist.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002710	Yes I guess they also have longer careers to it adds up	True. Did you hear of that rule for Saints cheerleaders?	Yes they are not allowed to eat in the same place as the players	Yes they are allowed to eat in the same place as the players.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002711	You never know I guess, time will tell. Did you hear about them using tracking chips on the players while in the field?	I knew they track he balls, but they track players too?	Yes it is in their shoulder pads and they are tracking stuff like velocity and rotation and such	Yes, they track the ball and the ball speed.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002712	Yes that was for the indian releases because they were afraid to insult them	Yeah. Do you like fiction work?	I do. Do you know who wrote the oldest example of a cyborg?	Yes. I know that he was the first to write a cyborg.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002713	Um, no, I don't. I don't know much about football. There are many teams in many places and many players with many faces.	Yeah that is true. Do you know how many teams are there?	There are probably 2 or 3 dozen that are good at football. Good enough to be professional.	Yes, there are many teams. I'm sure there are many more.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002714	Yeah I think I have read about that rule, seems a bit outdated to me.	Yea, there is no way anyone would support that or they would be fighting for their rights	Agreed, did you know that there is NO rule on female players?	Yes, there is no rule on female players.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002715	I would imagine that the graphics were very different between the 3 different versions.	Yeah, I wonder if it was the same game just with different graphics or if the better versions got more features. That would've confused the heck outta me, having 3 versions of the same game.	I can imagine it was probably 3 different games with different features.	I think it was a lot of different games with different features.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002716	yes, i dont really know golf and swimming well but they look like interesting activities.	Same here. I've heard that students at Cornell have to pass a basic swimming test before they can graduate.	i wonder where that came from. maybe other colleges require the same sort of things, i dunno.	i'm not sure what other colleges require.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002717	yea that rule forbidding cheerleader from the same place as football players is outdated and sexist	I agree. Pretty funny that U of Iowa painted their visitor's locker room pink though	Yea, Iowa must be trying to psych out the visiting team with those pink locker rooms lol	Yeah, I think they are trying to make the visiting team feel more comfortable with their pink locker rooms
DSTC10TOPICAL-002718	No I haven't. How much can stars make?	Some make more than 100,000 per weekend!	Wow, pretty cool. Seems like it would be good to break up the routine as well.	I'm sure it would be nice to break up the routine.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002719	That would be scary. When you turn 100 in Japan, the PM sends you a silver cup to celebrate.	Do a lot of people turn a 100 in Japan?	Apparently they do. They will need to start making cheaper silver cups lol.	I think they should start making cheaper silver cups.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002720	I like to watch football, yeah, not my favorite sport but its nice	Yeah I watch it from time to time too. DO you like Tom Brady?	He is the QB for the Patriots right? I guess he is a great player, I watched the last Super bowl and he threw an amazing pass	I like to watch football, I like to watch it too. I like to watch the NFL and I like to watch it.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002721	it does i only know that the super bowl is in the first week of February.	They only rest one of the 17 weeks of the season.	Yes it's called a bye week. apparently the patriots fans have their own creed called in bill we trust.	<unk> s>I think they have a different creed.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002722	I do sometimes. Did you know you can catch Jupiter's storms on am radio	Wow cool. Among the most popular radio acts in the 30s was a ventriloquist	Hmm interesting. Have you ever heard of foxhole radio and what they are?	I have never heard of foxhole radio. They are a radio station that is used to broadcast radio shows on the planets.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002723	Oh I think I would have too haha. Maybe back when it was painted people cared less about football, like in the 1960s when even bowlers made more money.	Yeah I think that Bowlers made like twice as much as football stars actually, what do you think about ESPN winning an Emmy though? They want it back or creating the yellow line that you see in football for first	Oh I didn't know that! I think that's nice though, they certainly deserve recognition for it. I know Benjarvus Green-Ellis never fumbled the ball, I wonder if he got an award for it too.	I think it would be nice to see him get an Emmy for his work.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002724	That is probably because they want to raise awareness of breast cancer. A lot of football players get breast cancer.	Maybe, I do not know the reason behind it. Bowlers seems made more money in the 60s than the football players	Bowlers probably were the ideal athletes back in the day and got respect for it. They never painted the lanes or the ball pink. Little breast cancer awareness.	That is a good thing. I think they are very aware of breast cancer.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002725	i loved the movie. did you watch it?	No, but I guess I better watch the DVD. Is it time for woman's equality among the superheroes?	yeah. it was the highest grossing superhero origin movie?	I think it was. I'm sure it was a good movie.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002726	Hello. Do you use Google much? A single Google search is so powerful!	I love Google, it is the #1 search engine, how about you	Yes I love it too. I mention that it was a powerful search engine. A single search requires more computing power than it took to send Neil Armstrong to the moon.	I think it took more than a year to send Neil Armstrong to the moon.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002727	Oh my gosh, you are a wealth of knowledge. I love it	Bugs sure are interesting, to think they can be found in almost every environment!	I imagine that there is a vast amount of species of insects and bugs. I never would've realized that there are even bugs in the ocean.	I've never heard of them. I've never heard of them.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002728	I did not know that! I wonder how many have tried out for the NFL.	I don't think any have tried. It would have been big news.	Yeah. I wonder if it will ever happen.	I wonder if it will happen.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002729	wow that is interesting. did you watch wonder woman?	I did, and it was a great movie! It's no wonder that it's the highest-grossing superhero movie	yeah and also the highest grossing WWI movie too	<unk> s>I'm sure it was the highest grossing movie of all time.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002730	Yeah, kissing is kind of a weird concept though when you think about it. There is a contest where writers try to come up with the worst possible opening sentence to a novel. I wonder what it is.	Hmm, coming up with the worse opening line in a novel actually sounds quite challenging	Yeah, I'm betting some of them are pretty funny.	Yeah, I'm sure it's a good idea to try to come up with the worst opening sentence.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002731	Hi there, do you watch the NFL?	Yes, I like to watch nfl games, do you like the games also?	Yes me too. Did you know the U of Iowa visitor locker room is pink?	Yes, I like the pink locker room.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002732	ahhh, sorry ;) I thought we're talking about a game where players use their feet to kick the ball :)	That'	That's football :)	<unk> s>That's a football game :)
DSTC10TOPICAL-002733	They really did here we are almost 50 years later and it is still going strong!	That's my childhood! It shocks me to see that the value of the Star Wars franchise is $65 billion!	And that makes it only the 5th highest grossing media franchise. I wonder what beat it?	I wonder what beat it?
DSTC10TOPICAL-002734	They have certainly grown pretty fast. I love YouTube!	i do too! i also like google maps. Do you use that a lot?	For almost each trip I make when I don't know where it is, especially on out of town trips	I use google maps for my trips. I'm always on the road and I'm always on the road.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002735	well they stuck to it it seems. Did you know U of Iowa painted the visitor locker room pink?	I think that has something to do with the breast cancer awareness movement or something.	I am not sure actually. I hope that is the reason. Did you know bowlers made more money than football players in the 60s?	I think that is a good thing. I think bowlers made more money than football players in the 60s.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002736	Did you know that New Orleans Saints cheerleaders cannot eat in the same restaurant as a Saints player? They have to leave the place if the player comes in.	I recently seen this somewhere, and thought was outrageous.	I think it is outrageous too because what if the cheerleader is with her family? Does that mean the cheerleader has to immediately stop eating and leave?	I think it is. It is a very sad thing that the cheerleader has to leave the restaurant.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002737	I didn't, but that makes sense. I think they got an Emmy for it! Aren't the Emmy's for TV shows? That's so weird.	To them it is still a show I guess. In 1916 georgia tech won 222 to zero	What?! That's crazy. And since an average game is only 11 minutes in actual live gameplay, that's especially insane!	That's crazy! I think they were able to win the Emmy for their show.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002738	No, especially high school football. I find really boring. You?	Yeah I follow the NFL just a bit, but only my local team I would say.	I have to agree with the parents who don't want their children to play because of health concerns	I'm not sure if it's a good idea to play football.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002739	Women can play football? What does ESPN think of this? I suppose it doesn't effect their yellow line.	The game is really not that long, the average game is only 11 minutes of live gameplay	11 minutes is not that long a game, even for anyone to play!	<unk> s>It's not that long, but it's a great game for anyone to play.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002740	I agree. Do you know where the button down is?	Yes that is the collar tips fasten to the body of the shirt. ANd button down?	Button down is when they do not fasten to the shirt	Yes, the collar tips do not fasten to the body of the shirt.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002741	Yeah. DO you like the NFL?	I love it. Did you know women can play in the NFL too?	Yes as there is no rule that prevents them from playing	Yes. I'm sure women can play in the NFL too.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002742	Hi, I watch occasionally. Most big games like Super Bowl.	I didn't watch the Super Bowl this year. The Patriots won again, right?	Yes they did. The coach Belichick is the winningest coach in NFL postseason football with 21 wins. 20 of those with the Pats.	I'm sure they won. They have a lot of wins.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002743	Brady has to come crashing down eventually, with Belichick.	Yeah I would say that run is about over. It was a good one though. They dominated for a long time.	They were fun to watch before they were always expected to win	<unk> s>I think they were a good team. They were a great team.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002744	That shows how quickly things can change. Most pro football players don't have long careers. I wonder how much they make compared to other professions over their lifetime.	Well, I also read that average lifetime earnings of an engineer is higher than the average lifetime earnings of an average NFL player.	That's pretty interesting. Do you read the bible much or are you not religious?	I don't. I'm not religious. I'm not religious. I'm not religious.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002745	Yea I am more of a dog person. Haha yeah I would agree with you. All they do is sleep. At the age of 15 , a cat will have spent 10 of those years sleeping. So boring! !	How do cats always have good things happen to them though? I mean the stray cat found on set that was then in the Godfather is probably living the good life.	Yes I bet he is. Must be that whole 9 lives business. They can just relive until they get good fortune. Also quite surprising there are 70 cat breeds, seems like a lot to me.	I think they are all very different. They are all different breeds.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002746	From personal experience, I can confirm that football is religion in the south.	You having southern experience, did you know the New Orleans cheerleaders are forbidden from eating at a restaurant that a player is in? That's crazy, almost as crazy as the Rams robbing the Saints from being in the Super Bowl.	Yes, and if the cheerleaders are eating and the players come in the restaurant, the cheerleaders have to leave.	Yes, the cheerleaders are forbidden from eating at a restaurant that a player is in.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002747	Well, that is awesome, I guess he did get what he wanted.	I guess? They say Shakespeare's works take on a different meaning when performed with an era appropriate accent instead of a modern one. I think I'd like to watch and listen to one.	I would too. I wonder if he could play piano?	I'm sure he could play piano.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002748	Yeah I know but they got it after all. Do you know who Benjarvus Green-Ellis is?	Never heard of him. Is he famous? What does he do?	yeah he is a former QB who never fumbled the ball in his career	Yes he is a former QB who never fumbled the ball in his career.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002749	Oh wow, I guess they had a lot of money back then. did you know the guest house is larger than the white house?	haha I didn't know that seems odd, also odd is the president of Zimbabwe's name is President Banana haha	yeah I wonder if that means something else in their language though	<unk> s>yea, I'm sure they have a lot of money to spend on their own house.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002750	Oh interesting. House is awesome because of Hugh Laurie. Makes sense he makes 700,000 per episode.	that was so much money per episode. He made the show awesome for sure!	Yes no doubt about that. He is the highest paid actor for any tv drama!	Yes he is the highest paid actor for any tv drama
DSTC10TOPICAL-002751	I might look it up and tune in after this chat haha. How do you feel the president of the united states is doing?	I am surprised that he is not in the top 3 wealthiest presidents.	After inflation, I am surprised as well. He comes from a business background, so I was expecting him to be able to make much better decisions. It just goes to show you that politics are a much different beast than	I think he is a very good president. He is a very good leader.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002752	Yeah pretty neat. THe game only has 11 minutes of active play after all	Yeah that is short and we are glued to the tv for so long watching the game	Exactly. Did you know engineers make more than them over their lifetime?	Yeah, they make more than a million dollars over their lifetime
DSTC10TOPICAL-002753	I have not. cold stars? i thought stars were hot.	I did too. But apparently there are stars in the known universe that are cold enough to be touched by the human hand.	i guess that could be interesting. i would rather mars. or the moon.	i would prefer the moon.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002754	I don't think I've seen any of those.	ok cool.	Have you watched any of them?	I've seen them. I've never seen them.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002755	I don't know what year it was, just that they were the first team to win back to back World Series and they haven't won since.	The World Series is popular in the US, but not around the world. In fact, the women's world cup gets a bigger TV audience. Maybe if they allowed women in the MLB, things would change.	Yes, who knows!	I'm sure they would. I'm sure they would be able to get women in the MLB.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002756	I liked to play with my dad when I was younger, but don't keep much up with it now. I like football and other sports more. How about you?	I played more when I was younger and had more free time. I'm a bigger football fan. Did you know that the University of Iowa had their visitors locker room painted pink? Must have been to mess with opponents minds.	Yeah, but seems a little sexist, frankly. It's a pretty sexist industry of a whole, despite technically allowing women to play.	I'm not sure if they allowed women to play. I'm sure they would have been able to do that.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002757	Hi, how are you?	I'm doing good, how about yourself?	I am well, thanks! Do you watch the olympics?	I'm not sure, but I'm going to watch them.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002758	At my age, I prefer to play baseball, but prefer to watch football. You?	I don't play either anymore haha although I'm not that old. I like to watch football a little bit more but they run during different seasons so I can watch both.	You know, back in the 1960s, bowlers would make more money than football players. Now that is a sport I cannot understand why people would watch rather than play.	I don't know why people would watch football. I'm not sure why people would watch football.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002759	Hello, do you like the movie Batman?	I sure do. Do you know what is was originally based on?	I do not know what , what? There were also plans to build a gotham city theme park	I think it would be a great idea to build a theme park in Gotham City
DSTC10TOPICAL-002760	Hello, do you like Walt Disney?	I like Disney! How about you!	I do as well. Did you know Minnie Mouse's name is short for Minerva Mouse?	I know. I'm sure Minnie Mouse is a little more popular than Minnie Mouse.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002761	I sure do. How about yourself?	Me too. Did you know women can play in the NFL too?	Did not know there, are there limitations though?	I don't know, but I do know that women can play in the NFL.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002762	I have never heard of that and I don't think I'll want to visit any time soon. I do want to watch a live football game some time though, have you ever been to one?	ya it was a long time ago, I personally only like games on tv, much cheaper and easier to see, I'm glad espn invented the yellow first down line on tv haha	Yeah and they even won an emmy or some type of award for it, I wonder what category that invention for that award falls under.	I'm not sure, I'm sure it falls under the category of inventions.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002763	Yeah I guess. Good for them for playing till the end. ESPN won an award once, an Emmy, do you know what for? It is related to football?	I heard about this, they won the emmy for creating the virtual yellow line on the field, right? !	Yeah that was it. Apparently bowlers made more money than football players back in the 60s	Yes, they made more money than football players back then.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002764	I am really not that into football but I do follow it some. I heard something funny one time. That the university of iowa's visiting locker room is painted completely pink	Yeah I wonder what the reasoning behind that was. Did you know women can play too?	Wow I didn't know that. I saw that an average nfl game has only 11 minutes of actual play time	I'm not sure. I'm sure it's a good idea to get a female player to play in the game.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002765	We always watch the Superbowl, will have a couple people over but nothing big. I am rooting for the Patriots though!	haha me too, do you like Michael Caine? I guess he only got into acting to chase cute girls haha	Haha, that's funny! He made the right choice to get into drama! I like Jim Carrey in Drama films but he won't do drama anymore. Love his comedy too though.	I love his comedy too! I like the Patriots.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002766	Cool. Brady was a backup QB in high school and was never started	wow they wasted a good chance to win some games there	Yeah. Do you know Alex Smith completed college in two years?	I know he graduated in two years.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002767	Maybe he can sell it for a profit later on, and use his celebrity status to up the price. Are you a fan of the Star Wars films?	yeah that is possible. that will still not be enough to lift the ban that the city of paris put on him	Paris banned Tom Cruise? Why?	<unk> s>It is a shame that the city of paris banned him.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002768	Somewhat, I know he's a rapper and was in Degrassi	Nice. He graduated high school at the age of 25 in 2012. He must have quit and went back?	I guess so, most people graduate college before 25, not high school like Drake	I think he graduated high school at the age of 25. He was in Degrassi.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002769	Yeah, all the miracles and resurrection. Up until 1963 the Bible was a required read in elementary education	Not surprising. I'm glad they took that out though. I don't think religion should be forced on kids.	Me too, it is a choice. The Biblical tower of Babel seem to be based on a real building that exists today	I think it is a good idea to have a religious education.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002770	I see. do you know that the highest score ever in a football game occurred in 1916, and the score was 222-0	Yes, I had heard that before! I wonder how much money football players made in that time. I heard that in the 1960s it was only half as much as popular bowlers of the time.	Yeah, that fact surprised me a lot.	I think it was a lot of money.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002771	What do you think about the dodo bird? I'm kind of sad that it is extinct but at least it is related to pigeons	I would love to of seen a real dodo, they look much cooler than pigeons	Yep I agree. It's crazy to me that bird bones are actually Hollow and weigh less than their feathers	I think they are hollow and have a lot of bones.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002772	Yes, and that James Cameron decided to quit his truck driving job to enter the film industry after watching Star Wars?	Talk about a good career move that would pay off down the road! Marcia Lucas was the reason for some major changes to the original movie and won an academy award for editing the film.	Another fun fact that I learned is that there's a toy Hans Solo in every Firefly episode. I loved Firefly too!	I loved it! I love the movie. It's a great movie!
DSTC10TOPICAL-002773	Yeah, that is pretty crazy. Did you know an iphone has more computing power than the entire US Nuclear ICBM deterrent.	Isn't that crazy? I didn't know that. Unicef will donate a day of clean water to a child in need for every minute you don't use your cell phone. Sign me up. lol	Interesting. Did you know that Jupiter has radio storms that can be heard on AM radio here?	I've heard that. I'm sure it's a radio storm.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002774	That's a ton of animals! There is a lawyer in Switzerland who represents animals in court.	Power to the animals! Germany also protects them as they were the first country to universally give animals constitutional rights!	That's hilarious! There's a jellyfish that can live forever.	That's amazing! It's a jellyfish that can live forever.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002775	Wow he must have really liked comedy then and I guess he did pretty well so no regrets there	Exactly. Have you heard of bromantic comedies?	Hmm I am not sure what those are, are they a special kind of comedy?	I think they are. They are a special kind of comedy.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002776	Wow that is amazing. Do you know who Brian May is?	Yes the lead guitarist of the Queen who is also a genius scientist	He sure is, with a degree in astrophysics and a PhD at that, that is impressive	Yes, he is the lead guitarist of the Queen.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002777	Hello. Are you a fan of jazz?	I like to listen to it live	Neat! Jazz originated in New Orleans.	I love jazz. It originated in New Orleans.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002778	Yeah seems like a really long time, 17 weeks, do you have a favorite team? mine is in the AFC division or American Football Conference	Nice I do not have a favorite team I just watch the games. DO you know who Benjarvus Green-Ellis is?	He used to play for the Patriots right? yeah I know who he is, why do you ask?	I don't know what he is, but I do know that he is a quarterback
DSTC10TOPICAL-002779	I find it unlikely. What is his new book about?	its basically his strategy for how he became successful, I think its worth a read, can't believe hes 40 and is tied for the superbowl record	That is pretty amazing. Are you a fan of football?	I love football, I like to watch it.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002780	Im not sure, but in 2005 they could have bought Facebook. I think they would be more relevant if they had taken them up on the offer.	Oh, for sure.	Now almost everyone I know who is 13 years older (and a few who lie about it) are on Facebook.	I think they are a lot more relevant than Facebook.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002781	I am, I like college and NFL. What about you?	I am. Did you know the highest score was 222-0?	Yeah, didn't Georgia Tech beat Cumberland that bad?	I'm not sure. I'm a college football fan.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002782	Cheerleaders seem to distract players. It's best to avoid it	Don't you see this as a little sexist a rule that only the cheerleaders have to abide for ?	I think it's best not to have players distracted.	<unk> s>I think it's best to avoid it.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002783	Well, I think it is radio storms that are so strong that they can be picked up and heard on the AM radio.	Interesting, have you heard them?	No, I've never heard anything like that. I did hear, though, that there's a website where you can listen to thousands of episodes of classic radio dramas for free although I never had the pleasure of doing so.	I've never heard of that. I've never heard of it.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002784	I don't know, I probably would check it out, for the sake of the game. Not sure I would enjoy as much. I think its too rough for women. But should be allowed to play.	Yeah I don't know how that would go, but they should be allowed if they are good enough, I'm an engineer and I guess I make more in my lifetime than an average NFL player makes, cool!	lol, really. Oh yeah, the average lifetime earning is higher than the average NFL player!	I'm a college student, so I'm not sure what the average NFL player is earning.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002785	Yeah he was pretty amazing. Apparently bowlers made more than football players back in the 60s	They did? well football want a popular sport back then, at least not as popular as it is now so it does make sense, I dont see a bowler making more money than a pro football player now	Yeah things have really changed now. On another topic, do you know much about the Bible?	Yes, I know about the Bible.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002786	I love watching football too. Did you know the NFL has no written rule against females playing?	I always wondered that! why arent there any players you think?	I'm not too sure on that one. The average NFL game only has 11 minutes of live gameplay.	I'm not sure. I'm sure there are some female players in the NFL.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002787	Oh I definitely didn't watch that! Everyone knows Babe Ruth though and he was once America's most popular golfer!	Wow. Didn't know that. Antarctica has a disc golf course	Oh that would be a cold course! A golf course in Dubai requires 4 million gallons of water!	That's a lot of water!
DSTC10TOPICAL-002788	I listen to FM usually and yes, mystery can do some amazing things	I know. IN the AM radio you can get Jupiter's storms	WOw nice. The most popular act on the radio in the 30s was the ventriloquist	I think that's cool. I'm sure he was a great singer and songwriter
DSTC10TOPICAL-002789	He has a nobel prize in literature.	Oh that is interesting since those are usually considered to be associated with peace.	yeah. I hear if you publish a book in Norway the government buys 1000 to donate to libraries.	<unk> s>I think that is a good idea.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002790	Yeah for the superimposed yellow line, pretty cool	It is for sure. Do you know much about the Bible?	Not a ton but I know that it has sold over 5 billion copies Wow	Yes, it has sold over 5 billion copies <unk> s>I know that it has sold over 5 billion copies
DSTC10TOPICAL-002791	Do you like watching football?	I love watching it! How about you?	I love it also! Do you have a favorite college and NFL team?	I have a favorite college and NFL team.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002792	I am sure it would be, would likely throw everyone off. I wonder how many there have been in history.	I am not sure. I know there was one famous deaf quarterback - the huddle was invented for him so the other teams could not read his signs	It is truly amazing what people come up with that they intend to just help them that turn out to be iconic.	I think it is a great idea to help people with deafness.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002793	I do. I am getting ready to watch the playoff games	for sure, who you rooting for? Saints?	Absolutely and the Patriots.	I am a fan of the Patriots.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002794	Yes! Why on earth would that be a rule? Do you think its a superstition thing? Makes no sense.	It certainly does not. The worst part about it is that they have to leave mid meal if a player walks in. Weird	Yeah, that is odd to say the least. So, the NFL uses tracking chips on the players during the game?	I think it is a superstition thing. It is a superstition thing.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002795	Him among some others like green ellis	Benjarvus is a legend, the guy never fumbled the ball in his career	Indeed	<unk> s>He was a great player and he was a great player
DSTC10TOPICAL-002796	I wonder if he likes jazz?	He might, jazz is a genre that has influence a lot of people so who knows, theres even a programming language that is influenced by jazz	It is seen as america's classical music. I love jazz.	I love jazz. I love the music of the '80s and '90s.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002797	I do not know about the rules but it would be fair that they play too I guess. Did you hear about tracking chips on the players now?	I have heard. They are made probably by engineers that will make more money than the players who wear them will	Yeah, I would not be surprised. They track everything though from velocity to location and everything in between	I think they are made by engineers. They are made by engineers that make money from the chips.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002798	He was in the league a long time. At least he gave the game everything he had	I didnt' think he was all that of a QB but his teammates really took to him right away	He was a true professional.	<unk> s>He was a great player. He was a great player.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002799	I'm not surprised. A lot of commercial. Just a lot. It's really annoying.	You are right about that. But I suppose women would be better off financially by entering the engineering field since engineers make more than the average lifetime earnings of both MLB and NFL players. Which is surprising to me!	I'm sure a lot of money go to TV, owners of teams, etc. Just not fair for players! Did you know that the highest score in a football game was 222-0. Can you believe?	I'm not sure. I'm not sure if it was a good score.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002800	Nice. The guy who played Jarvis in Iron Man has never seen the films	Cool. DO you know who is the waitress that Captain America saves in the Avengers movie?	I have no idea, is it someone we have seen elsewhere too?	I have seen it in other movies too. I've seen it in the movies too.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002801	So Thomas jefferson did not believe in miracles and the resurrection.	A lot of people don't. Maybe Brady should be given a copy of his bible.	Yes because the bible is the best selling book ever.	<unk> s>I think it is. It is the best book ever.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002802	Well in 1972 Deep Purple broke the world record for loudest concert ever. Apparently some of the audience was rendered unconscious.	I can't even imagine how scary that must have been!	I wonder if it is due to the fact that they blew their ears out?	I wonder if it was due to the fact that they blew their ears out.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002803	I'm doing well! Are you a fan of football?	Yes I love football. Do you have sirius radio?	I did for a little bit but not anymore? Do you?	I do not have a sirius radio. I'm a fan of the NFL.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002804	I love it. DO you know what color is the U of Iowa visitor locker room?	Yes it is pink but I wonder why that is	Me too. Bowlers made more than football players in the 60s	Yes, they were more successful than football players in the 60s.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002805	Cool. They definitely have done so many things that I hadn't realized either. I didn't realize they had tried several small niche businesses as well.	It is only the third most profitable company in Japan too. I wonder what the first two are.	Wow! I'd like to know as well considering Nintendo has such a large cash reserve that it could lose so much money and not bankrupt for a long while.	I'm sure they have a lot of cash reserves.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002806	The guy is the man. Can you guess his favorite ice cream kind?	I think it is avocado is it not? I mean it makes sense	It sure does , the guy is very health conscious and watches what he eats	I think it is a good thing, he is very healthy and has a lot of health conscious habits
DSTC10TOPICAL-002807	that is a good point, lol. Did you hear about the tracking chips they use in shoulder pads?	Something along those lines, it tracks there speed or something?	Yea it tracks all their movement and other data. pretty interesting! They must have been created by engineers making the big bucks	<unk> s>I think they were created by engineers who made the big bucks.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002808	Do you like football?	I like the NFL, but I think 16 games is not enough to build rivalries.	Yes, i completely agree! What do you think would be a good number of games for an NFL team to play in a season?	I think 16 games is a good number for a team to play in a season.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002809	I see, well I don't know much about soccer but I am interested in odd facts about sports. Did you know there is a college football team that has painted their visiting teams locker pink?	I would guess that has something to do with breast cancer awareness. I know that many football players suffer from breast cancer in the later years.	I never thought of it that way, that's an interesting perspective. Tell me why you like soccer.	I like soccer. I love the game of soccer.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002810	I mean a man used the library to prove his innocence and become a lawyer while falsely imprisoned	How great is that! So important. The library of Alexandria had a unique way of gathering books by making all ships visiting surrender their books for copy .	They must have had a impressive collection	I think they had a unique way of collecting books.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002811	I know that the russians built a computer powered by water back in 1930s.	I wonder how that worked? They must have used the water to generate a power source. I didn't even know they had computers back then. lol	There were mechanical computers before that. computers are an old idea. someone built one in minecraft even!	I'm sure they had one in minecraft.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002812	Hello! Did you know professional ballet dancers can go through 4 pairs of shoes in a week?	That is a lot of shoes and money too. There are 17 ways to tie your shoes too	And I only know one way! 5000 year old shoes perform better than modern shoes. Go figure.	I think they are better than modern shoes.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002813	I love superhero movies. I loved the batman trilogy. How about you?	I do! I watch them with my kids, they are in love with Batman haha	That is great! I like superman too, especially in films, did you like the new justice league movie?	I like the Justice League movie. I love the Justice League movie.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002814	I know that it has sold over 5 billion copies. Amazing record there	Yes and that is exactly why it is known as one of the most influential books in the world	Yup. Did you know Jefferson created his own version of the Bible?	Yes, Jefferson created his own version of the Bible.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002815	I agree. Bowlers probably don't make a whole lot these days.	No not these days, but I still think it would be pretty sweet to make a living throwing those balls around, lots of women too lol.	That would be pretty awesome. Gotta love the attention too. lol	I'm sure it would be fun to get some attention.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002816	Yeah exactly. Have you ever been to that football stadium in Texas that can seat 18 000 people?	No I never been to Texas yet but that's pretty crazy	Yeah it is right? And it cost $60 million and on top of all , it is just a high school stadium	Yeah that is awesome! I've never been to Texas but I have been to Texas for a while now
DSTC10TOPICAL-002817	I read an article about it. I cannot imagine a football game without the yellow line.	yeah that definitely helps. I saw that former patriots RB Benjarvus Green-Ellis has never fumbled the football in his nfl career	Yes, isn't that amazing? I do not know any other football players who have never fumbled the football.	I know that. I have never seen any other players who have ever fumbled the football.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002818	Wow that's impressive! Also impressive is the one Patriots player who has never dropped the ball, I think his name is BenJarvus Green-Ellis	That's amazing. Also amazing is QB Brad Johnson who threw a TD to himself in a Superbowl.	Yes I want to watch that score! It sounds incredible what do you think about a deaf quarterback creating the circular huddle?	I think it's a great idea. I think it's a great idea to create a circular huddle for the quarterback
DSTC10TOPICAL-002819	Not everyone does though. Burger King had a promotions that you got a free whopper if you unfriend 10 people. I wonder what inspired that.	I think that Burger King was just looking for media attention which they got.	I imagine that Myspace regrets turning down and offer to buy Facebook for $75 million.	I think that was a good idea. I think they were trying to get more attention.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002820	Yes I do. I watched college and NFL football games.	Who is your favorite NFL team?	49ers since I used to live in the Bay area. I lived there for 30 years.	I have been there for 30 years. I've been to the Bay area for a few years.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002821	I guess not everyone makes it big. I hope a lady makes it big someday. It can be difficult with gender roles especially when on the NFL Saints team cheerleaders must leave a restaurant if another NFL player walks into	That's ridiculous! I see a lot of sports posts on facebook. I can't believe the site is 15 years old already!	If Myspace had been smart they would have bought facebook for $75 million that they were offered in 2005!	I think they would have bought facebook for $75 million in 2005.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002822	Did you know that Disney owns ABC as well as ESPN?	I did. Do you watch football?	Yes I do, I am a contributor to the number one ranking for viewership of Sunday Night Football. Do you?	I watch the NFL on Sunday Night Football.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002823	17 weeks if im not mistaken. then the playoffs	Yes you are right. Do you know the highest score ever in a football game?	Wow not sure i would imagine it's pretty high. Was it a college or professional game?	<unk> s>I think it was a college game.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002824	Hello, do you watch the NFL?	Hi! I do! I'm shocked that out of the whole 3 hours of game on tv only 11 minutes is actually live gameplay!	Yeah that is pretty crazy. DO you have a favorite player or team?	I have a favorite team.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002825	I guess not. I do find it interesting that malus in latin means both apple and evil. That would makes things a little confusing in the bible.	Yeah I think so too. Did you know that people think that the Tower of Babel might actually still exist?	Yea, I guess it is the etemenanki in modern day Iraq.	I think it is the Tower of Babel in modern day Iraq.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002826	My son is not into sport, were he I'd have serious reservations about him playing football for that reason. I know there the fame that can go with it but an engineer is going to make more money than most	Yeah, and they have better working conditions, less injuries, it is a quite violent sport.	I understand that there are no rules against women playing in the NFL, difficult to see it happening.	I'm not sure, but it is a very dangerous sport.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002827	Yeah that is pretty short, crazy. Do you know what the highest score in a game was?	no I am not sure. I read that the average lifetime earnings of an engineer is more than nfl player	Yeah I guess that makes sense since engineers work longer. The game score was 222-0	I think it was a good score.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002828	Hi. Do you like sports?	Hi, I do like football as in NFL football, although I am a fan of association football as well.	Me too. I like the NFL but I do also watch other leagues of football as well on occasion. Did you hear that Winston Churchill High is doing very well?	I heard that Winston Churchill High is doing well.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002829	Hi, do you like literature?	Somewhat. I know that the FDA burned 6 tons of it in an act of censorship.	That's pretty crazy. I saw there is an annual literature contest that challenges writers to come up with the worst possible opening sentence to a novel.	I've heard that. It's a contest for writers to come up with the worst possible opening sentence.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002830	I have read parts of it. I dont read it very often and I have never read it word for word.	I think that it is a very popular book. Many people have read it and tried to understand its secrets.	I dont know. I dont always take it really literally. I mainly use it as a good set of rules to live by to be a good person.	I think that it is a good set of rules to live by.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002831	Marcia Lucas did a great job making changes to George's original scripts and made the movies better	Yes you are right, I wasn't familiar with Marcia Lucas as I was with George Lucas.	I wonder how much money she made since George got to keep the licensing and merchandising rights of Star Wars	I'm sure she made a lot of money.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002832	it doesn't list his average, it just says he hasn't been in a single movie with a fresh rating	oh man, thats sad for him. I like his movies usually	i don't recall too many of his movies, i've seen a couple and they are alright. i did like him in that 70s show!	i like his movies, but i don't remember much of them.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002833	He's the guy that fumbled every ball he ever touched.	Yeah what a career for him. Did you know NFL is sing tracking chips on the players now?	The NFL is singing tracking chips? I did not know that.	I didn't know that. I was surprised to hear that.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002834	Yeah the really sexist rule? it sounds really unfair, that rule should be banned and the cheerleaders should sue the team for that	I think so too. The worst part in my opinion is the fact that they have to leave mid meal if players walk in	Thats a terrible rule, I hope they change it in the near future, its humiliating actually,	I think it is a good rule, but it is not a good one.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002835	Yeah, same here. Roosevelt and Quincy did not believe in it much either so they did not use it when they swore in	I don't think it should ever be used. How about you?	Yeah I agree, religion is a preference. Going back to football, did you know there are only 1 minutes of active game play in it?	I don't know, but it is a very active game.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002836	No but I did see a video of Kayne giving his mic to a fan in a wheel chair before	That was pretty cool of him to do that. Sometimes he has some different views on things. Like for example he believes that aids is a man-made disease.	Maybe Big Sean can explain that to him since he had a 3.7 gpa before signing with Kayne	Yeah he is a big Sean fan. He has a 3.7 gpa and he has a 3.7 gpa.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002837	Yes, I do. And, I believe that the Bible is an intricate inspiration from God to us humans here on earth. How about you, do you believe it's really from God?	I do not know. I have not read the Bible. I know that the person that wrote it probably made money on it.	I'm not sure about that but everyone has the choice to believe whatever they want to believe. All I know is that it's estimated that it has sold over 5 billion copies and is the best-selling book every written.	I don't know. I'm not sure if it's from God. I'm not sure if it's from God.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002838	I would love to hear that and the style they use! Do you think Abe Lincoln liked jazz?	I don't know, he did have a high pitch voice	So he would have liked other music, I never knew that. I know he was in the wrestling hall of fame, that is a good honor	I think he was a great wrestler, he was a great wrestler.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002839	Actually if you turn it to am you can catch Jupiter's storms	Those are some strong storms! Considering how many artists are from Canada, I wouldn't mind tuning into stations that have to play at least 40% Canadian music by law	Yes very true. do you know how soldiers used to make radios during WWII?	Yes, they made radios during WWII.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002840	Do you like football?	I do. I played in HS and I'm a Chiefs fan... I actually like college better than the NFL.	Nice. I'm not too into football, I guess because each game has only on average 11 minutes of live gameplay.	I'm not sure if it's a good game. I'm not sure if it's a good game.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002841	I know that has certainly changed. And even now though engineers make more money over their lifetime.	Georgia tech beat Cumberland 222-0 back in 1916. What color do you think their visiting locker was?	Well, maybe it was something worse than pink. That is a huge defeat, wow. Did you hear about that strange rule for the New Orleans cheerleaders?	That is a strange rule. They have a very strict rule for cheerleaders.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002842	Yeah and they have to leave mid meal. That rule is sexist and has to go	Agreed on that. Do you know much about the Bible?	I know that is it one of the most influential books and has sold over 5 billion copies	Yes, it is one of the most popular books in the world.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002843	Hi, how are you?	Good, and you? I haven't seen any superhero movies in a long time, but I think I saw a brief portion of Iron Man once on a TV that was going at my job.	Really! I feel like all the movies coming out now, like 25% are super hero movies. Do you not enjoy them?	I do not like them. I don't like them. I just like them.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002844	If you want a job that makes more in a lifetime than an average nfl player or mlb player you can become an engineer	I saw that, it is probably because there a bunch of players that last only a year or so. I'm not surprised, engineers make a lot of money.	If you were a bowler in the 1960's you could have made twice as much as top football stars too.	I think that is a good idea. I'm sure you can get a job that makes more money in your lifetime than a bowler.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002845	That is pretty neat. I bet it is pretty diverse.	Yeah. They must have comics from all over the world	Probably a lot of older comics too. That would be neat to see the development of comics.	That would be nice. I think it is a great way to see the development of comics.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002846	Yes I agree. I would like to know more about that. Up until 1805 the runner up automatically became the vice president. Kind of makes sense but it would never work now!	NO it would not. The parties hate each other too much for that to ever work	I wish they didn't. Just so much more productive to work together. I wonder who has stayed in the presidents guest house? It is actually bigger than the White House.	Yes it is. It is bigger than the White House.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002847	He could have had some unusual moves. LOL	The ability to moon walk!	Or to lean way back or forward. LOL	<unk> s>He could have been a good man.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002848	Oh that is interesting since those are usually considered to be associated with peace.	yeah. I hear if you publish a book in Norway the government buys 1000 to donate to libraries.	That sounds pretty generous!	That sounds pretty generous. I think the government buys 1000 books to donate to libraries.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002849	If you fly to mars under constant 1g acceleration it will only take 2 or 3 days. I thought it took a lot longer.	Me too! Movies make them seem longer, but they might be going much much slower for airtime lol.	That is true. Have you heard about the lost satellite on mars?	I have heard about it. It was a satellite that was lost on Mars.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002850	Bye!	The president is the title given to the head of the government.	That's true I think it's called different things in different places though right?	<unk> s>I think it's called the president.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002851	I'm doing good too. Glad it's Friday. I watch both baseball and football. What about you?	Me too, but I guess in my childhood and college years I was watching much often. I didn't know that 14 of the world's 25 largest stadiums belong to American college football teams. Did you know that?	I did not know that. The University of Iowa's lock room for visiting teams is painted in all pink.	I'm sure it's pink. I'm sure it's a pink color.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002852	Yes as long as they meet the league's eligibility requirements they can play! I would like to see a girl play.	They cannot eat in the same place as the players, at least the Saints cheerleaders.	That is a weird rule. How did they enforce the rules of the cheerleaders being required to leave?	Yes, they have to leave the stadium.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002853	Who isn't?	I think some of the newer movies are redundant to be honest.	Really? Like which ones?	I like the ones that are more popular than the older ones.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002854	Yeah and they have cancelled 100 shows since they came to be in 1989	I guess that is not a lot considering how long they have been around	That is true actually. Do you know the programming language Python?	Yes, Python is a programming language.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002855	I mean I don't think kids should play past midnight but to make it a law is ridiculous	Yeah, that is pretty absurd. Did you know nintendo produced a lego knock off?	No, I did know they made playing cards though	I don't know if they made playing cards.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002856	Nice, that's what I do. Did you know there is only 11 minutes of gameplay per game?	Wow, it seems like a lot more but it is a pretty slow game. That sounds like an awfully small amount of time. Kinda like it's hard to believe that an engineer makes more money in their lifetime than an	Yeah, for sure, they stand around a real lot.	I think they are a lot of people.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002857	Fans also felt though that in previous movies Hawkeye has not been given justice.	True, I heard that too. I can't say because I havent seen the movie. But I do enjoy the Marvel Comic films.	Yeah, I like the Marvel Comics series that they have on Netflix.	I like the Marvel Comics series.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002858	Hi. How are you?	I'm doing well how are you! ?	I am good too.	I'm good too. I'm a good person.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002859	What? That is a strange fact. I guess she had a chance to do the voice work. She is a celebrity, after all.	Did you ever play tennis? serena has been playing since she was 13, which is about when I started playing, but she's obviously way better LOL	I assumed that she started sooner. She must have picked it up quick. I didn't real play. Anyway, great chat! Thanks!	I'm sure she's a great player. I'm sure she'll be able to play some tennis.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002860	I have a passing knowledge of football and watch it occasionally as well	What teams do you like	I like the new England patriots. They are like the Lannisters of football	I like the new England patriots of football
DSTC10TOPICAL-002861	Hi! Yes, I really enjoy watching football, both collegiate and professional. Do you?	Yes, me too. I didn't know that the highest score in a football was 222-0 and it happened in 1916. Did you know that?	That's insane! Either the team was really good or the other team was really good. Or maybe they were on strike about their pay since it seems like they don't make a lot.	I'm sure they were on strike. I'm sure they were on strike because they were on strike.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002862	If I were on the losing side I think I would have given up playing. Maybe they could have turned to the bible.	Maybe. At least Cumberland probably didn't have a pink locker room like that of U. of Iowa. In 1916, they probably didn't have a locker room at all.	I don't think they went in for those silly games back then, probably more respectful to the other team.	I think they were more respectful to the other team.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002863	Hi there, do you watch the NFL?	Hi! Yes I do sometimes. What's your favorite team?	I think the Patriots, I like them best. One of their former QB never fumbled a ball in his career. How about you?	I'm a fan of the Patriots. I like the Patriots.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002864	Hello, are you by any chance a fan of the New England Patriots football team?	I know some about them. Mostly stuff about Tom Brady	Great. What do you think of his record as a QB?	I think he was a great quarterback.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002865	That's interesting, and kind of interesting thing NOT to do regularly.	I don't know how many Navajo fans there are. George never won an Oscar though.	that's sad considering how amazing his movies were	<unk> s>I'm not sure how many people are Navajo fans.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002866	Yes, she is a talented actress. I bet she did a great job. Anyway, thanks for the chat.	It has a solid cast overall. Hope you get to catch it some time.	Have a good day! Talk to you soon, Im sure.	I hope you get to see it.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002867	I'm sure if they do they will have tracking chips on their shoulder pads like they do now so they can record every move on the field.	That seems bit invasive but I guess all kinds of stats are taken out of those chips	Yes. They even have chips in the footballs to track velocity, etc. Getting a little too technical I think for a sport.	I think they are a bit too technical for a sport.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002868	Hello, do you like Disney?	Yes, I do like Disney. They have done many great films and have some great theme parks.	Do you know the original Disney is in California and not Florida?	Yes, they are in Florida. They have a lot of great parks and theme parks.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002869	Hi. Do you watch football?	yes well I did watch the superbowl but I don't watch it regularly no, what about you	Sometimes, but not every week. I would get bored watching for 17 weeks straight during the regular season and then the playoffs and Super Bowl.	I would watch the Super Bowl and the Super Bowl for 17 weeks straight.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002870	Right. Did you know the guest house is larger than the white house	Yeah that is pretty cool, they must get a lot of people there so maybe that is why	Yeah. Have you heard the president of Indonesia is a pop star?	I have heard that he is a pop star.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002871	That was the culture then. People loved bowling. Oh, I was born at the wrong time.	Yeah it seems it was the case back then. DO you know what the highest score in college football is?	The highest score means little to me unless I could win money. What was it though?	I was born at the wrong time. I was born at the wrong time.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002872	I'm not sure. Who was it?	It was Georgia tech who scored 222 against Cumberland 0	Holy smokes! I bet that was a long game for Cumberland. In the 1960's bowlers made twice as much as the top football stars.	I'm sure it was a great game for Cumberland.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002873	hi there, do you watch the NFL?	I sure do. Do you have a favorite team or player?	I sure do. I love the Patriot and Tom is amazing. Do you have one?	I have one. I have a favorite team.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002874	Yeah I think the highest paid people in most states are college coaches.	Not sure how I feel about that. I have to send two kids through college one day, with the high cost of college I'm not sure I want a portion going to the football coach.	Yeah its pretty crazy to me just how much it costs to attend college these days.	Yeah I'm not sure what the cost of college is.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002875	Absolutely. It's the next on my list.	Have you watched any of the other Marvel movies?	I'm not normally much of a comics or superhero person. Have you?	I've never seen any of the other Marvel movies. I'm not a fan of them.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002876	Interesting, have you ever seen house?	I have seen it, great drama tv series	Apparently Hugh Laurie was making $700k an episode! !	<unk> s>I have seen it, I think it was a great show.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002877	I bet you they do it for both. They need to track lots of stats like velocity and rotation and such and they will likely need the averages of those	We live in amazing times. I can see where that would be useful. If a running back is getting tire during the game they know right away	Yeah we sure do. Did you know women can play too in the NFL?	I know. Women can play in the NFL too.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002878	There are a lot who play on high school teams, so if they meet the requirements, why not?	Yeah, but the average earning potential salary of an engineer is higher	lol Bowlers in the 60's made more than football players. THAT is hilarious.	That's funny. I'm sure they'll be able to make more money than football players.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002879	True, I guess we'll never know. It was great talking with you though, have a good one!	It was nice chatting with you too.	You as well, I hope you have a good rest of the evening, I'll try not to think about the depths of space that much !	I'm sure you'll have a good time.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002880	I watched the series, but didn't play the game. Do you know Nintendo is over 100 years old?	I didnt know its over 100 years old, I wonder how the games from that time look like.	Well, they started out as a playing card company.	I think they started out as a card company.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002881	You would think! I heard even 1960's top bowlers made twice as much as football stars!	I believe that. Bowling was a big sport back in the day. Football players didnt have the players union back then so they didnt make nearly what they deserved. I would say now it is a little over the top	I agree. Especially if you are like the patriots benjarvus green-ellis who never even fumbled one game in his nfl career.	I think that is a good thing. I think the patriots were a great team.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002882	That would be Jupiter's moon? I wonder if Jupiter is one of the five planets visible to the naked eye.	I would guess from it size it is	The planet Venus is the only planet that rotates clockwise and has no seasons. That seems boring.	I think it is a planet that rotates clockwise.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002883	I've been a bigger fan in the past. I was a Caps fan growing up.	I am a Caps fan too! Do you know how much a player loses weight per game?	Like 8 pounds. I assume that's mostly sweat.	I'm not sure. I'm a fan of the Caps.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002884	Yes it is, so that much mean that he was thinking about this movie for 11 years?	That is impressive. That makes a great actor.	Yes it does, are you a fan of comic books, if you are, how many books do you have?	Yes, I have a lot of comic books.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002885	No I don't but curious	I never have either, do you / did you play any of the sports we talked about?	I have always been a soccer person	I've always been a soccer person.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002886	300 of them? that sounds impressive and too bad, maybe his manuscript is really good, he could have been a rich man,	Oh for sure! Do you like science at all?	I do like science, I think that scientists make big contributions to society, they make human kind better and smarter.	I think that scientists make big contributions to society, they make humankind better and smarter
DSTC10TOPICAL-002887	It amazes me that a hockey player was once traded for a dollar	He must have been worth less than that to the trading team. Maybe they were paying him too much already. Do you play hockey?	I do not, but many Canadians do, since both hockey and lacrosse are their national sport.	I do not play hockey, but I do play lacrosse.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002888	Wow. I never knew that.	Yah, did you know the other word for telephone is a phone?	Yes. I knew that one.	Yes, I know. I'm sure you'll know that one.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002889	Yeah I know he has won a few games there. Did you know he was picked 19th back in the 2000 NFL draft?	I did not! He's been around for a while, I'm surprised he hasn't retired yet. His history as a football player is impressive. Been to the super bowl 8 times with the patriots.	Yeah he sure has, I don't think he will retire for at least two more seasons.	I think he will retire for at least two more seasons.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002890	No I never been to Texas yet but that's pretty crazy	Yeah it is right? And it cost $60 million and on top of all , it is just a high school stadium	They do love football in Texas, too bad they don't care as much about education, an average engineer makes more in a lifetime than the average NFL player	I'm sure they are a lot more educated than the average NFL player
DSTC10TOPICAL-002891	That is something. the lost 222-0. That is crazy !	What is wrong is how the cheerleaders cant eat with the players	Yeah the have to leave when they come in. I will research why	<unk> s>I will research why they have to leave when they come in.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002892	Yeah I guess the career of a football player does not last that long so they do not have much time to make money	True, I did not think about that, do you know how we are able to learn about interesting statistics like ball speed. ball rotation and players performance?	Yeah that is actually pretty cool, they are using tracking chips on the shoulder pads of the players now.	Yeah, they are using tracking chips on the shoulder pads of the players.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002893	Hello! Do you like Football?	I do. Do you?	Of course! What's your favorite team. Mine is the New England Patriots, the Lannisters of the NFL!	I love the New England Patriots. They are the best team in the NFL!
DSTC10TOPICAL-002894	Maybe they can even see how long games are since they think only about 11 minutes are live gameplay!	No kidding, right? I mean, these engineers already make more than the average lifetime earnings of both MLB and NFL players, so they should step their game up... even though they are doing a phenomenal job now.	That stat actually surprises me with how much football players work! Did you know that in the 60s even top bowlers made more than football players? !	I think they are doing a great job!
DSTC10TOPICAL-002895	Yes thats really something	Any other movies, books, or shows that you are into?	I liked the lost series on tv	I like the Lost series on tv.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002896	But even today, NFL players don't make as much on average as I would think. Engineers earn more over a lifetime.	Yes, and it's interesting to consider the lifetime career of a football player. Some use their background to transition to other fields such as coaching, or use the income to start a new career after they retire. Sadly, others suffer	It's amazing how much technology is used in the NFL these days	I think it's a great way to get into the game.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002897	That is impressive. That makes a great actor.	Yes it does, are you a fan of comic books, if you are, how many books do you have?	I am not. But appears that their is a lot of money in the industry.	Yes, there is a lot of money in the industry.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002898	I know that it is the best selling book of all time with total sales of over 5 billion copies!	Yeah that seems a lot. Jefferson apparently made his own version of the Bible	I didn't know that. Teddy Roosevelt and John Quincy Adams were the only 2 U.S. presidents who didn't use the bible when they were sworn in.	I don't know if they used it.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002899	Perhaps a combination of the winning team being just that good and the losing team being so bad	Ive seen some blow outs, but never by that much.	Did you every play fantasy football?	I played fantasy football for a while.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002900	I noticed that. I've heard of some weird ideas for sports, but that's out there. On the subject of shoes, my old work boots have lasted me about 6 years but it's about time to get some new ones at	I think I have 2 pairs of shoes. It's crazy there is 5000 year old shoes that perform better than modern shoes	I'm not surprised, considering how much stuff today is deliberately designed to fall apart so you have to buy more. Sounds like you've got about as many shoes as I do.	I'm sure you have a lot of shoes. I've got about a dozen pairs of shoes.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002901	That's a good point that I never thought about. What is also interesting to me is that an NFL game only has about 10 or 11 minutes to it that seems super low.	Yeah, that makes sense, it is mostly standing around if you ask me. I still love the game, but the clock watching gets annoying.	Yep I agree with that. Do you watch any fantasy movies. Or do you do fantasy football at all	I do not watch any fantasy movies. I do not watch any fantasy movies.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002902	Maybe so. I hope the data they are collecting in the field though can somehow be used to make the game a little bit safer	Amazing that a game which averages just over 10 minutes of actual gameplay can be so damaging to players.	Great point. Do you know what the highest score recorded in a game was?	I don't know. I'm not sure what the highest score was.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002903	no way! I would love to learn that. Were you into the beatles much?	I loved them as a kid. I was not born when they formed in 1960	I wasn't either, they were amazing and still are. They couldn't even read music which is so interesting!	I'm sure they were a great band. I'm sure they would have been great!
DSTC10TOPICAL-002904	I would guess that has something to do with breast cancer awareness. I know that many football players suffer from breast cancer in the later years.	I never thought of it that way, that's an interesting perspective. Tell me why you like soccer.	It is a good game for women. I think women fight harder on the pitch than men do.	I think women are more likely to fight on the pitch than men.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002905	Crazy. Take care.	Thank you. You too.	:)	I'm so sorry. I'm sorry.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002906	I'm fine. Thanks for asking and you?	I am fine too	Do you like watching movies?	I like watching movies. I like watching movies too.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002907	Yeah so sad. In Texas on the other hand they are voting to rename the garbage dump	Hahha so funny. In the UK not all men could vote until 1918	I wonder what prevented them from doing, maybe class and ranking in society	I wonder what was the reason they were not allowed to vote in the UK <unk> s>I wonder if they were able to vote in the UK
DSTC10TOPICAL-002908	That's right. Did you know that presidents have different functions depending on the type of government?	Yes I remember learning that I think. Its been good talking to you.	It's been good talking to you as well.	I'm glad you're doing well.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002909	Yeah the same one, expensive but it must be alien proof	He must have the money despite the fact that Seinfeld has a higher net worth	He does? Well Tom Cruise will eventually come on top, he has a lot more movies planned in the future. I don't know about Seinfeld.	I don't know about Seinfeld. He is a very talented actor.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002910	Yeah I don't know how that would go, but they should be allowed if they are good enough, I'm an engineer and I guess I make more in my lifetime than an average NFL player makes, cool!	lol, really. Oh yeah, the average lifetime earning is higher than the average NFL player!	yup good to know haha, do you like the Saints? I don't like how they treat their cheer leaders	I don't like the way they treat their cheerleaders, but I like how they treat them.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002911	Yeah I was wandering about that as well. How about radio dramas, do you like those?	I don't like dramas in general so probably not.	I see, because if you did there is a free radio to listen to them to	I don't like radio dramas, but I do like them.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002912	The guy is a legend, he has ever fumbled the ball in his career	Exactly. Do you know what the highest score in college football is?	Yes I feel bad for Cumberland to lose 222-0 from Georgia Tech	Yes, I think it was a good game.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002913	hope so too. now they are using tracking chips on the players	That's pretty cool, they can find out how hard a player hits and moves with those chips	yes, very handy. do you know what the highest score is in football history?	i know, it's a high score.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002914	Oh, your explanation is making so much sense. Thank you.	There is a lot of technical data, like the area code 212 was chosen because it was easier to dial on a rotary phone.	That fact to me is reasonable because New York was one of the earliest established cities in the U.S history.	I think it was a very important city.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002915	Yes a lot. Do you know how much a single search takes in terms of power?	Yes more than in took to take Armstrong and 11 others to the moon	Yes. Do you know how they calculate traffic?	Yes. Do you know how much traffic they calculate?
DSTC10TOPICAL-002916	Maybe, Bill Nye had to add more effect with more science experiments to create flubber.	Freeman has served narrator, commentator for numerous programs and television shows.	Well, he was nominated and won a lot of rewards.	<unk> s>He was nominated for the award in the year 2000.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002917	I don't think they went in for those silly games back then, probably more respectful to the other team.	Probably... Did you know the NFL had no written rule that women can't play?	They probably think they don't need it. Some guys get worked up if they hear a woman is going to take part in something, but if they are good enough and want to do it let them.	I think they did. They were a lot more respectful to the other team than the other team.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002918	Yeah exactly. Did you know ESPN won and Emmy once?	It was for the superimposed yellow line and I think they deserved it	Yup. DO you know much about the Bible?	I know about the Bible. I know that it is a book of the Bible.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002919	Yes they are collecting information such as velocity and rotation and a bunch others, Wonder what for though.	I hope they can somehow use them to make the game safer and decrease the number of concussions	That would be amazing. On another topic, do you know anything about the Bible?	I know that the Bible is a great source of information.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002920	Are you a Star Wars fan?	Yes, star wars is great. i really like the original trilogy.	Me too, that was the best out of all the movies, and basically the only ones I watched. It made George Lucas a billionaire	i love Star Wars. I'm a fan of the original trilogy.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002921	I sure do. Did you know Jon Hamm taught drama in a high school?	Cool. Did you ever watch the show House MD?	Yeah and he even taught Ellie Kemper, she is so funny. Yeah I watch House	I watch House MD. I love it.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002922	Are you a Star Wars fan?	yes, i really like the original trilogy. You?	Me too, it was so good! George Lucas became a billionaire because of it	i love Star Wars. I love the original trilogy.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002923	Are you religious?	yes. fairly so	Did you know that Thomas Jefferson had created his own version of the bible so he could remove the supernatural parts. Thats wild.	<unk> s>Its a bit weird. I think he was a religious person.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002924	WOw that is interesting for a radio. Do you listen to radio dramas?	I do not really, are they good? Maybe I should check them out	Well there is a free website of them if you would like to check it out	I would like to check it out. I have heard that they are good, but I don't know if they are good.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002925	That is a lot of money! Did you know that 20th Century Fox agreed to forgo a $500k directing fee to let Lucas keep the licensing and merchandise rights?	I wonder how they feel about that now. Lucas pulled one over on them. The entire franchise is estimated to be $65 billion dollars!	I know! It has cost them billions and made Lucas himself a billionaire.	That is a lot of money! I think they are going to be able to make a profit from it.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002926	Really? Haha, not sure if that worked! Marvel comic toys are expensive.	Not sure but it just increases the profit margin for the company haha.	True! I am going to have to watch this Infinity War movie now lol, curious about this Hawkeye character. Although he has been in other Marvel films.	I am not sure if it is a good movie.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002927	Yes! I heard that many people were actually rooting against Brady's team, because they're kind of over them winning all the time. He sure works hard though, it seems.	I think so, too. But there are other good players as well. I guess RB Benjarvus Green-Ellis has never fumbled the football in his NFL career.	Pretty impressive. I know they get paid a lot for those skills, but did you realize that top bowlers in the 60's made twice as much as football stars then?	I think so. I think they made twice as much as football stars in the 60's.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002928	Oh that makes so much sense. Do you know why Caine became an actor?	Hmm I am not sure of that. He went to college for it?	Nope he just attended drama class in high school because that is where the pretty girls went	Oh that is so cool. I think he was a good actor.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002929	I heard it was really good, hes not my favorite superhero, but Id definitely see it also.	Do you read any other comic books?	No, never have read many of them. I miss out on a lot of back story that way.	I like to read the back story of the comics.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002930	I know! They sure do milk it for all its worth.	ESPN won an emmy for creating the superimposed yellow first down line on tv. That has been a good addition to watching games.	Yeah, that was a good addition. Can't believe that Benjarvus Green-Ellis never fumbled. Amazing!	That's great! I'm sure he'll be a good player.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002931	Not really. I find they have too much CGI. What about you?	I like some of them like Spider-man. DO you know why there is a hyphen in the name?	I have no idea why. Why not just one word? Other superheroes have names like that.	I don't know. I'm sure they have a name like that.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002932	Hard to believe. I saw some pretty good jazz in New orleans once. Wasn't a huge fan but it is definitely popular. Apparently the trumpet players grow a goatee for comfort when playing.	Interesting. I also see that clint eastwood is an enthusiast.	I had no idea it was popular in Pakistan given that their jazz orchestra is topping the charts.	I'm sure they are. They are a great band.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002933	Yes they did. All came down to a stupid kick ha ha. Anyway, did you know that in the 60's top bowlers made more than top football players?	No I didn't know that, I always hear that most sports make more than nfl, which I think it's unfair.	I'm positive it's not the case now. Do you know what the highest score in a football game ever was?	I don't know. I'm sure it was a high score in a game.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002934	I know right, only 11 minutes, last Superbowl was more than 3 hours long, maybe 4 all of that for only 11 minutes	All those advertisements make a lot of money for the NFL and the tickets are outrageous. I wonder if a woman will ever try to be eligible to play?	Theres no written rule against woman playing so yeah I think they could, its a physical sport though,	I think so, it is a physical sport, but its not a physical sport.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002935	bye	Bye.	see you	<unk> s>I'm going to see you soon.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002936	Do you like concerts?	i do like concerts. I havent had much chance to do recently. You?	I like them, but only in outdoor arenas. Not so much the indoor stuff.	I like the indoor stuff. I like the outdoor stuff.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002937	They are the second largest search engine on the internet. I myself usually just google what I want to find and then it takes me to YouTube. The whole channels thing on YouTube confuses me.	Yeah, it can get quite confusing, do you also use Pandora Radio? I like that it also streams comedy and I use it on my way to the office.	I do have an account. Mostly I listen to NPR radio.	I listen to NPR radio. I listen to it on my way to work.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002938	wow, I didnt know an illness could cause that. Look how far he came in life! what is it due to?	Yes He did very well in his career. And they had the best selling album of the 2000's	WHAT? that is so awesome. I wonder when they released their last song, do you know?	I don't know. I'm sure they released their last song in 2000.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002939	I guess that's the idea. I can't imagine it really working or everyone would do it.	Yeah I think it must be more of a tradition now, I doubt a color would really affect another team's performance.	The highest score ever in a football game occurred in 1916 when Georgia tech defeated Cumberland 222-0. Would pink locker rooms have helped Cumberland, do you think?	I think it would have helped Cumberland.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002940	yeah, i bet the simpsons liked that. the simpsons has had trouble maintaining its quality over the last few years. i think that comedy is quite difficult.	Yea I stopped watching years ago. Apparently one episode in the whole series did not have bart in it or mention him. I want to watch that episode	i wonder what the episode was about. that is odd. the simpsons has great voice talent.	i think they have great voice talent.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002941	Well perhaps you can find a short version that only shows the live gameplay. Each game is only a dozen or so minutes long of real gameplay	That's another reason why I don't watch football, three hours in front of the television for just 12 minutes of actual action. I could just grab my Bible instead.	Do you read from the bible often?	I read from the bible often. I read it every day.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002942	That should be fun for real. Did you know women can play in the NFL?	Yes as long as they meet the requirements. I wonder if any of them have tried	Curious about that too. Maybe they are sticking to engineering careers	I think they are. I'm sure they are going to be able to play in the NFL.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002943	that's sad considering how amazing his movies were	The Academy has a lot of politics. He made the wrong kinds of films. His wife got an award.	What did she get an award for?	<unk> s>She got an award for her work.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002944	Yeah for sure. and that weird rule about new orleans cheerleaders?	Yeah that seems like such a silly outdated rule. I think that will be gone in the next year or two.	I hope so. did you know U of Iowa's locker room for visitors is painted pink?	I'm sure it will be painted pink.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002945	Yeah it was actually Stan Lee's wife, Joan B. Lee	I guess he chose her for the job. I never really watched the show.	I see. The Spider-man musical is the most expensive production on Broadway	I'm sure it is. It's a very expensive production.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002946	Yes that would be JFK, Washington and Jefferson	Right. Did you know the guest house is larger than the white house	Yeah that is pretty cool, they must get a lot of people there so maybe that is why	Yes that is cool, I think they are a lot of people.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002947	That is so cool. There is a piano that was found on the highest mountain in Britain	Wow wonder who put it up there. Do you like Michael Jackson?	I do actually he has some amazing music. He was once supposed to do a duet with Freddy Mercury but that did not go through	That is amazing. I think he was a great musician.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002948	Yeah , what a talent. Oscar were nominated for 9 Emmys. Wonder how that works	Yeah I am confused too about that. Do you know how many Oscars are given out?	Yes there are 24 awards given over a range of categories	Yes, there are 24 awards given out over a range of categories.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002949	Exactly. Did you know engineers make more than them over their lifetime?	I am not surprised as they have longer careers so more time to make money	Yeah true. Did you hear about that rule for New Orleans cheerleaders?	Yes, they have a rule for cheerleaders.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002950	Yes, I would like to know. I've been reading about observational versus theoretical astronomy, but I don't know what research methods would have been used to detect the building blocks of life so far away.	Can you imagine how complex the orbit would be for that planet that orbits four stars?	I haven't heard of that planet! What is it called?	I've never heard of it. It's called the "Pioneer" and is named after the planet that orbits four stars.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002951	18 holes a games. Seems like a long day.	Yeah it does. I like football a bit more. I love the NFL because they have 32 teams so people are bound to find one they like.	Yes football is way better. That is true but you usually only hear about a select few.	Yes, I like the NFL. They have a lot of teams.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002952	yep, and pokemon cards that are worth some money. How about that 70s show, ever seen that?	no, i didnt but i think it was a very popular show. probably a lot of actors launched big careers there.	You're right, mostly all of them became something big after that. I wish the same was for that 70s show uk remake, they only lasted 10 episodes.	i wish they had lasted 10 episodes.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002953	Yes I did Snoop Dogg wrote a song for his son's football team once	Wow nice. Bowlers used to make more than football players in the 60s	I guess it was a more popular sport back in the day	Yes, bowling was a popular sport in the 60s and 70s
DSTC10TOPICAL-002954	It's a shame what happened to Andy Dalton	Yes, his thumb injury put him out for the rest of the season.	He was having one of his best seasons so far	<unk> s>He was a great player and he was a great player.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002955	Yeah I do. Do you know what the most disliked video in YouTube history is?	I want to say its the music video baby by Justin Bieber	That's Correct. Do you have any pets?	Yes I do. Do you have any pets?
DSTC10TOPICAL-002956	LOL! Did you know politicians in Kentucky must swear an oath that they've never participated in a duel before taking office?	No I didn't! Even in this day and age they still have to do that?	I guess so lol. Do you like Johnny Depp?	I like Johnny Depp. He's a great actor.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002957	Hello, do you watch the NFL?	Yes I try to watch all the games I can, what about you?	Same here but cannot watch them all for 17 weeks	<unk> s>I can't watch all the games for 17 weeks.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002958	I'm an engineer and I ain't seeing it... I can't see how soldiers in WW I could make a radio out of razor blades and pencils? Wow.	lol, that takes pure science around that. I can't even get my already made radio to work!	Ha. I would just end up cutting myself. I guess they may have tuned into Jupiter, there probably weren't a lot of station then.	I'm sure they were a lot of stations.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002959	The times were different then. Many people bowled and I guess they watched it on TV.	NFL uses tracking chips embedded in players shoulder pads.	I believe it. Probably helps with strategy and maybe player safety. Anyway, I enjoyed chatting!	I think it is a good idea to talk about the game.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002960	Oh wow that's cool. How was the concert?	Great! He is very talented! Better than Kanye in my opinion. Kanye once did a snl skit mocking himself for interrupting award shows!	I'm not a huge fan of Kanye music.	I'm not a fan of Kanye. He is a great singer!
DSTC10TOPICAL-002961	Oh that is so nice and convenient and free	Yeah it is. DO you know why Michael Caine became an actor?	I have no idea, how? DId tou know Patrick Stewart teaches masters classes in drama in the UK?	I know Patrick Stewart teaches masters classes in drama in the UK
DSTC10TOPICAL-002962	yeah, but for engineering and science, it seems strange to me. Anyway, great chat!	Ditto. Nice chatting with you!	Have a great day!	I'm glad you're enjoying it!
DSTC10TOPICAL-002963	Have you seen Black Panther?	No I haven't yet. Is it any good?	I thought it was pretty good. The character is the richest superhero with an estimated 500 billion dollars.	I've never seen it. I'm sure it's a good movie.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002964	I live in North East Ohio, I think fans around here would gladly swap the Packers records for the Browns.	Yeah the Browns have had some tough times since I have been watching, much better season this one than last though.	I guess there is always someone worse than yourself, just heard about the team that lost 222-0. That must have hurt.	I think they were a good team, but they were not as good as the Packers.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002965	Yeah I think so too. Gal Gadot who is the new wonder woman, actually served two years as a soldier.	Yeah I think I have read that before, that is impressive. I heard she was really good in that movie as well.	It's funny that she did not know she was auditioning for wonder woman. She thought she was trying out for cat woman	I think she was a good actress. She was a great actress.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002966	Yea there is no rule against that as long as they qualify	Yes. The game average is only 11 minutes of play anyways	Yeah. Engineers make more than football players over their lifetime	Yes, engineers make more than football players over their lifetime
DSTC10TOPICAL-002967	That kind of sucks, tickets tend to be really expensive and the game lasts for 3 hours, you would expect more than just 11 minutes of gameplay, really unfair.	Yeah I know. Bowlers used to make more in the 60s than football players	They did? I wonder what changed, bowling used to be really popular back in the day, it doesnt seem like a really popular sport now	I think it was a lot of fun, but it was a lot of fun.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002968	I know, honestly if it's a sport played with feet and a ball then i guess they have the right to call it that.	That is true. In Hungary "football" is soccer.	In parts of Africa too. in Australia Rugby is football.	<unk> s>I think rugby is a sport played with feet and balls.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002969	Yup, that is why I do not go to these events.	Well, obviously everyone else at the concert seemed to enjoy it so not to bad of a deal	Are there any concerts coming up that sound fun?	I'm sure they will be.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002970	Yeah i'm sure your right. Can you believe top bowlers made more than top nfl players in the 60's?	Did they really? That's shocking, I wonder why, maybe people didn't care about football as much back then. Also I'm sure bowling games have more than 11 minutes of game play.	That's unbelievable. Almost as much as espn winning an Emmy. do you know what for?	I'm sure it's a good thing. I'm sure it's a good thing.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002971	It was a nice way to spend an afternoon. i try to watch the playoffs and the superbowl. this year i didnt.	I watched the superbowl. I thought it was terrible, but that may just be me. So boring this year.	I think it was probably better the year before. there was a big comeback. this year it was a defensive battle. i wanted the underdog to win. too bad.	i was so disappointed. I didnt want to watch the playoffs.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002972	Hi there, do you watch the NFL?	Yes I like to watch NFL games, I try to watch as many games as I can, what about you?	Nice, yes me too. Did you know women can play too?	Yes, women can play too.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002973	That is pretty impressive, that is probably part of why the Patriots have been one of the most dominant teams recently.	Yes - the Patriots at least made a better decision than his high school - since they let tom Brady play!	I bet they are really regretting that decision now.	<unk> s>I think they are regretting it now.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002974	And their feet look all weird for some reason	Well putting dry tea bags in smelly shoes will absorb the odor.	That is something I have to try tonight	I'm going to try that. I'm going to try it tonight.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002975	Hi, do you like football?	Soccer or American football, i like them both.	I like them both too, I did not realize that the season lasts 17 weeks	I do not know that the season lasts 17 weeks.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002976	Yes that is true and I am glad they came up with that line because it makes watching the game much easier	Definitely. Can you believe the former Patriots running back never fumbled the football his entire career?	That is so amazing. Do you know what the highest score in college football is?	Yes that is a high score in college football.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002977	Hello, Do you enjoy football?	I do love football! How about you?	Yes, I love to go to the games? What do you think of the Patriots?	I like the Patriots. They are a great team!
DSTC10TOPICAL-002978	I meant breast cancer, lol! Did you know woman could play in the NFL if they wanted to and could play.	They could possibly feel more comfortable in a pink locker room	I agree, lol! Did you know also the saints cheerleaders need to leave a restaurant if the players come in, kind of sexist!	I agree, it is a good idea to have a restaurant.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002979	Yes it was. Do you know anything about the FIFA World Cup?	I don't know much about it. When the US competed in the first FIFA world cup in 1930, they got 3rd place.	Yes they did. The city that is hosting the 2022 final does not exist yet.	Yes, it is. It is not yet in the city of Chicago.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002980	Yes, although that duel thing seems like it should have been going on out in the cowboy west in the old days.	Right? They must have kept the laws from way back in time lol	Lots of curious things that are fun to learn about. It has been great chatting with you. Thanks!	Yes, I am sure they were very strict.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002981	Yeah that's for sure. I really thought that players earned alot more money though.	Maybe the MVP but an engineer will earn more money than the NFL player, I think soccer players are paid better	Crazy to think that one team scored 222 points in a game once too.	I think that's pretty cool. I think they scored 222 points in a game.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002982	that is crazy, I bet NFL makes more money now by a long shot, it was nice chatting with you!	Yeah that is true, things have really changed. Same here.	Good bye!	I'm glad you were able to talk with you.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002983	Do you know if they have female players?	Well, not in the NFL they dont but i'm sure they might have a womans league	Did you know that the nfl has no rules against women? They could legally play if they met the requirements. What do you think?	<unk> s>I think they have a female player in the league.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002984	I would think so. Btw, nice chatting with you. Happy holiday	Merry Christmas to you, and I'll leave you with this fun fact: The university of Iowa's locker room provided for visiting football players is completely painted pink!	Thank you.	I'm glad you're here.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002985	Hi friend, do you watch the NFL?	Hey, I am a big fan of the NFL. How about you?	I love watching the NFL, it may be my new religion. Did you know that Tom Brady has a book called the athletes bible?	I haven't read it yet, but I have heard that Tom Brady has a book called the athletes bible.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002986	I'm originally from England so soccer is my thing, yes, a little rugby too. I've tried watching football on TV but it seems to go on forever, and is mostly replays of what has happened already.	Yeah the average NFL game has 11 minutes of live gameplay, what do you think they could do to improve it ?	Less commercials. I think it is mainly a cultural thing. If I grew up here my opinion might be different.	I'm not sure if it would be better to have more commercials.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002987	The third was JFK.	I see. I wonder how rich president banana of Zimbabwe is haha. He may be the most loaded of all of them haha	President Banana is an interesting name. Were you aware that the guest house is bigger than the white house?	I was not aware of that. I was surprised to see that the guest house is bigger than the white house.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002988	Then he got Randy Moss and blew that out of the water!	Yup real talk! Tom Brady's wife makes double her husbands salary!	I would be really happy if my wife made double what I make. That would be great!	That would be great! I'm sure Tom Brady would be happy to have his wife make double what he makes.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002989	yeah, I'm one and I have a bunch of friends that do it. On average we make more than a football player!	Oh that's awesome. And yep that is what I have heard did you know that the NFL has no rule against female players. Do you think we'll see one in our lifetime?	I've heard that before, but I don't know if Americans can stomach seeing a woman getting injured on the field.	I don't know if they can stomach it.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002990	Do you wear a costume for halloween ever?	my mom and dad used to dress me up in costumes for halloween sometimes. How about you?	lol me too, I remember seeing pictures of some ridiculous costumes. I want to be a panda researcher though	I want to be a panda researcher. I'm a scientist, but I'm not sure what to do with my time.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002991	That's true. Do watch NFL football games?	I sometimes watch. Usually about the Superbowl. What about you?	I usually watch some games because my son really likes to watch football games.	I like to watch football games. I love watching the Superbowl.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002992	I love Tom Hanks. I found it curious how the Lord of the Rings movies had huge losses despite being a success	Wow, that's pretty surprising. Never know what's going to bring in the money huh? You know you'd figure anything Disney would be a sure hit but heard that their animated "Treasure Planet" was one of the most expensive box office	Yes. And John Carter was a flop over here but broke box office records in Russia	I'm sure that's a good thing. I'm sure it's going to be a big hit in the US.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002993	Hey there my friend do you ever wear shoes.	Yes I do but not like ballet dancers. They can go through 4 pairs of pointe shoes in a week.	That is shocking. I used to date a ballet dancer actually. And I can confirm that they always have feet problems	I have never seen a ballet dancer. I've never seen one.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002994	True, I did not think about that, do you know how we are able to learn about interesting statistics like ball speed. ball rotation and players performance?	Yeah that is actually pretty cool, they are using tracking chips on the shoulder pads of the players now.	I find that pretty interesting!! Did you know when was the highest score in a football match ever?	Yes, it was the highest score in a football match ever.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002995	Me too, I'm surprised that Jupiter has radio storms they can be heard on AM radio.	Yes. I wouldnt mind hearing those.	I wonder what they sound like? What if it is actually aliens trying to talk with us?	I'm sure they are.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002996	smart kid, took lots of ap tests in high school	wow amazing. Brad Johnson is the only QB that threw himself a touchdown pass	I did not even know such a thing is possible at all	<unk> s>I was surprised to see that. I was so surprised.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002997	Me too. But I'm not sure what frequency it is. Kind of has me worried now!	well maybe we will find out at some point. did you know we can grow a rib in 2-3 months	No, that is shocking. How do they know that?	I'm not sure. I'm sure they know that.
DSTC10TOPICAL-002998	No but I bet it's wild to see. Ha! Wonder if players are allowed to touch the ball with their hands and arms while it's in play unlike regular soccer?	Yeah I don't know it sounds more interesting to me than regular soccer though LOL, have you heard of the German player Mesut Ozil?	I admire him because he donated his entire world cup bonus to pay for the surgeries of 23 different kids over in Brazil. I wish all athletes were like him!	I wish they were like him!
DSTC10TOPICAL-002999	He was a very funny and interesting man. Something else that is funny is the University of Iowa painted the visiting locker room pink. I wonder what the visiting football teams thought about that.	Yeah it was probably before pink became popular for professional football players to support breast cancer	Do you watch a lot of football?	I watch football a lot. I like to watch the game with my friends.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003000	Hmm I am not sure of that. He went to college for it?	Nope he just attended drama class in high school because that is where the pretty girls went	Hahaha the guy really knew what he was after even that early	He can have you if he asks correctly, are you willing to let go?
DSTC10TOPICAL-003001	Yeah I think I have read that before, that is impressive. I heard she was really good in that movie as well.	It's funny that she did not know she was auditioning for wonder woman. She thought she was trying out for cat woman	That is pretty funny, do you know what year the original wonder women made an appearance?	The actual question in what year did Wonder Woman hit the theater?
DSTC10TOPICAL-003002	Actually it was Georgia Tech against Cumberland, they beat them 222-0	Hm. I figured that Tom Brady gave a biblical whooping to the Browns. Oh well. 222-0? Did Cumberland play with their cheerleaders or what?	Hahah good point, I have no idea but what a defeat. Do you ever watch the ESPN?	Yes, I do. Was there any highlights?
DSTC10TOPICAL-003003	I do but i don't get the chance as much anymore. The patriots are on a role.	Do you know how many teams are on the NFL?	Wow that's a good question, how many?	There are 32 teams and each team has roughly 52 players and each player wears the same uniform.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003004	That is true. They produced a knock off lego once	Wow, they have tried their hand on everything it seems, smart business people	Very true. And they also own the Seattle Mariners. Good investment seems	I see, very good point but I think they have a right to claim it as they have been using that name for quite some time now
DSTC10TOPICAL-003005	I'm surprised a building of that size has lasted so long	I have no idea, but I am glad it survived. History should not be destroyed. Going back to football, the games apparently last only 11 minutes of active game	I guess the players have other things to attend to. They are pretty busy. Sunday is a work day for them. I hope they are editing the Bible like that Jefferson fellow.	No, football is a completely different thing. Here, I will search for you:
DSTC10TOPICAL-003006	Yeah it cost a whooping $60 million, that is very expensive	Yeah do you know who Benjarvus Green-Ellis is?	Oh yeah the man is a legend, never fumbled the ball	That is because he has two hands
DSTC10TOPICAL-003007	That makes sense. The NFL is using tracking chips on the players now.	Yes they are and they are collecting many stats such as velocity and rotation and others	Yeah. Do you know who Benjarvus Green-Ellis is?	Yes I do. He is the Running Back for the New England Patriots. He was born on August 17, 1984 in Cincinnati, Ohio. He has rushed for 6,096 yards in his career and scored 35 Touchdowns in his 5 year career. He played in only 38 games in his career due to injuries.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003008	Yes I have, very funny movie. That was a classic right there. Thanks	I have never seen it before, I think Bill Murray said it was comedy gold or something like that.	I agree. Did you know that some of the very first silent movies out there were comedies?	Actually yes. A lot of classic Hollywood films were silent comedies. I'm a robot, but I love classic cinema.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003009	Yeah, wasn't he the guy who didn't ever fumble the ball? Thats a pretty incredible feat.	That sure is, what a career. Did you know bowlers used to make more than football players in the 60s	That is surprising, I never saw bowling as that popular. But engineers make more over a lifetime than football players. So there is some incentive to work hard in school.	I think its a common sentiment among parents to encourage their children who want to pursue engineering. Its not just the high pay but they see that engineering is a good career with numerous jobs available.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003010	Where did you usually commute from and to? Technology and innovations fly by year after year.	I simply drove to the big city for about an hour and a half. Did you ever use the car radio?	That sounds like my commute. I commute about that long one way for school and back home. Doesn't every car have a radio?	As a matter of fact, yes. And you can play it even while you drive! I could let you hear some song samples, if you want.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003011	I'm a huge football fan. How about yourself?	I love football both college and NFL, do you have a favorite NFL team of the 32?	I'm a New England Patriots fan and huge fan of Tom Brady how about you?	Well my overall favorite team is the Cowboys, but overall favorite quarterback is Tom Brady, so I can relate. How is Tom Brady doing?
DSTC10TOPICAL-003012	Well apparently there is a president in Zimbabwe called president banana	They could do a musical number. I think that many fans would follow.	See I like that idea haha. Maybe they could make a lot of money so that Trump could be back into the top three richest presidents of all time	Hmmm who's the top one?
DSTC10TOPICAL-003013	I do too. The Saints should do better, if not for themselves, but for the good of the league.	Yeah I agree with you on that. Do you know what the average actual time of gameplay is for an average NFL game?	Something like 10 minutes, right? I think I heard that when they were talking about the chips in the shoulder pads of the players.	10 minutes and 48 seconds.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003014	I hope so too. We need engineers more than we need athletes if we're going to have a good society.	True! Although it is pretty cool that there isn't a rule that keeps women from playing. All they need to do it meet eligibility	I guess in the future we might see a woman. Anyway, great chat! Have a great evening!	You too! What are your plans for the evening?
DSTC10TOPICAL-003015	I don't know honestly. We have some teams that have won state championships in the area but i don't ever go to the games.	I would think it would be more interesting if you went to the actual school.	I would think so too but there's a school in Allen, Texas that spent 60 million dollars to build a football stadium to seat 18,000 people.	Why do you think they went through all the trouble to do that.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003016	Yep, that's how consistently good they have been. Did you know that New Orleans cheerleaders are forbidden from eating in the same restaurant as any NFL player. If they are eating somewhere and an NFL player comes in, they have	Thats rude. I wonder why?	They probably don't want any PR problems from that. It's kind of weird that there is no women in the NFL. There is no written rules against female players.	I agree, most players are polite.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003017	Really, Id be interested to read it. It does sound a little extreme at some times.	I agree lol, do you have a favorite team?	I do, unfortunately I root for the Dolphins, it was a family thing.	Well i am a Rams fan, but I will not hold it against you.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003018	I do not think I have heard of that, what is it? There is a radio station that turns solar energy into sounds	WOw cool one. Have you ever listened to canadian radios?	I have not actually, I just do not have the time I guess. Back to football, Kellan Moore is the only half handed QB in the NFL.	I think you should watch him and find out how he plays and prepares for a mnatch.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003019	Good point. The ESPN once won an Emmy. Do you know what for?	Hmm I do not know that, did not know they could qualify for any of those awards	Yeah, well they got it for the superimposed yellow like	did you know they did a great job on supergluing cats together?
DSTC10TOPICAL-003020	Yes, I did, interesting. I think they owned alot of land.	I believe so too. Up until 1805 the vice president was decided by who the runner up was in the presidential election. Interesting because there probably would have been 2 different opinions on issues of the time in the White	Yes, that is interesting. Its good times have changed.	I think that it would have been a change for the better.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003021	Yeah and after words maybe on a subconscious level. You know the highest scoring game of all time?	Yeah it was 222-0. What a blow out!	Yeah Georgia Tech was not playing around. I would have hated to be on the bus ride home to Cumberland.	Indeed they were not. During the 10 minutes in the second half that they managed to score I spent time exploring this question:  if the 1-point PAT is eliminated and a 1-point attempt is automatically awarded after each touchdown (except on a failed conversion attempt), which team will win the NCAA Basketball championship?
DSTC10TOPICAL-003022	Im doing great. How bout you.	I'm good, thanks for asking. Do you like Tennis?	I have never really sat down to watch it to be honest.	You should try it when you get a chance. Chess is much the same, though maybe a bit harder.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003023	I love the NFL! I try to follow all 32 teams the best I can.	Nice. I did not know the game season is 17 weeks. That is a long time and lots of games	Yes. It seems to go fast. Each team plays a 16 game schedule.	Do all the teams play each other?
DSTC10TOPICAL-003024	It That is an interesting coincidence.	Did you know the NFL has no rules against women playing?	That's great! There should a team entirely of women!	The Rays started playing in Tampa Bay in 1998.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003025	Hello, do you like television?	I do. I love watching SNL - especially the weekend update.	I love SNL. Did you know when South Park aired the Family Guy episode, they received flowers from the Simpsons crew?	I didn't. It's true.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003026	Yes but I guess that was because bowling was much more popular back then	I guess so. Do you know what the highest score in college football is?	Yes that is 222-0 when Georgia Tech beat Cumberland	So 222-0 it is.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003027	I think soccer players make less money than a basketball player. But as a whole soccer is watched by a lot of people more in comparison to basketball. That is just my opinion	Yea basketball players are making upwards of 50 million a year thats crazy. I know overseas soccer is a huge sport. In There exists a variation of soccer where 3 teams face each other at the same time.	I never heard of such thing. How 3 teams can play on the field at the same time is a mind blowing. Hahaha	3v3 soccer is now an Olympic sport
DSTC10TOPICAL-003028	Well the NFL tracks everything. They even have chips in shoulder pads and footballs for tracking so I am pretty sure they are accurate.	I think its great that tech is being integrated into the game, cool stats indeed they should make devices to control the brain damage injuries	You would think that an average NFL player who will make less than an average engineer over his lifetime would want to help their own health. The NFL is violent.	I minimize my concussions with common sense, I'm careful about what I do, if the job requires it of me then I'll wear a helmet or padding that protects me from heavy items landing on me
DSTC10TOPICAL-003029	Are you a baseball fan? I'm not, so I am not surprised that the Women's World cup has higher ratings than the World Series.	Soccer is the international sport. Women around the world will be keen on seeing the games. Not so much for baseball, I guess. I am not a big baseball fan, though I follow the playoffs.	I'm not a sports person, I do like chess. Although, I didn't know it was invented in India.	I like both chess and baseball. The sport of chess is older than baseball, and unlike baseball, chess has never been outsourced to China! It started in India when the Persians introduced it into that part of the world.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003030	No! Wow, that's awesome! Very smart and kind of them. I love animals more than a lot of people lol!	It is a great thing they did! i wish the U.S. would do that!	I do too, we have so many animals going extinct it would probably help a lot. They deserve to thrive and be safe too.	They certainly do, they are incredible creatures! I wish they were treated better.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003031	Yeah I guess it was a more popular game back then. Their coaches are the highest paid people	Yeah no surprise there. Do you know what the highest score in college football is?	Hmmm no I do not, what is it. Did you hear about that giant stadium in Texas?	Yeah its impressive for sure. What is the highest score in college football?
DSTC10TOPICAL-003032	Hi, do you like football?	Hello, i love the NFL now thats a real sports league!	Do you know if they have female players?	Yes I do in fact i follow the Pittsburgh Steelers home and Away
DSTC10TOPICAL-003033	Hello, do you watch NFL?	Yes I tried to watch every nfl game. Do you like Tom Brady?	I like him. I guess he is a book author now as well.	Really? I don't know about it.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003034	Hello there, do you watch the NFL?	Hi, no I don't watch it. Do you?	Yes me too from time to time. Curious fact, the U of Iowa visitor locker room is painted pink.	I didn't know that. That's interesting. I like pink.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003035	Are you a New England Patriots fan?	lol no I am not. Did you know there is no written rule against female players? women are allowed to play football.	And sorry, yes I watch football. I am not a fan of the Patriots either! lol I did know about the rule allowing female players. I'm surprised no females play tho	there are many female player in the NFL, but they are still trying to improve their skills since it is very challenging sport.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003036	That must be a nightmare for opposing teams! Wonder if that would have helped Cumberland when Georgia Tech set the highest score record when they beat them 222-0. Ha!	Haha that is true! It's so surprising that an average engineer will make more in his life than an NFL or MLB player	Agreed. I even wonder if engineers made more than the top bowlers of the 1960s since they actually made more than the top football players as well!	Ha! Funny that you bring that up since in the 1960s, if an engineer and a top bowler had a bowling competition, the engineer would win nine out of ten times.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003037	Yeah, no kidding. Although the average lifetime salary of engineers is higher than the average lifetime earning of an NFL player.	Plus fewer concussions too. I think it would be better for women to go into engineering.	Yeah, no kidding! I know the cheerleaders on the Saints have to leave a restaurant if a team player is there.	Or even the fancy stores, like Victoria's Secret. I've seen them leave. Doesn't seem right to me. They are working for the team, just like everybody else.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003038	Free with you, they should have had Snoop Dogg make a theme song for the game like he did for his son's high school football team LOL	Interesting, do you play golf?	I have tried to play golf but I'm not very good, it just takes so long to do all 18 holes I think	That's true, it's fun when it's warm outside to go golfing in the grass.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003039	For sure, did you know the NFL is the new religion	I guess it is, many people watch it for sure. Do you know how many teams are there?	I think there are 32 teams now, which is your favorite?	I like the Browns and the Patriots
DSTC10TOPICAL-003040	Well there is a free website of them if you would like to check it out	Yeah that is nice. Did you know that there is a radio station that turns solar energy into tunes	That is so cool. In WWII soldier made foxhole radio using pencils and razorblades	That fact is so unique because you are talking about the tip of razors. Did you know that there is a projection of hologram bodies to have physical appearance
DSTC10TOPICAL-003041	Now, that's smart	Haha, yep it is.	It was very nice chatting with you. Have a great day	I also had a good time talking with you, have a nice day
DSTC10TOPICAL-003042	They cannot socialize or date either.	Well that i agree with but forcing them to leaves a bit much to me.	Yeah probably something happened for them to make that rule. Well, cant wait till the draft lol. Gotta run, nice talking to you.	You too.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003043	That was a beautiful show, both in the writing and visually. It's probably the best bit of TV Sci-Fi since 1997.	Yes I thought so too	It's been nice chatting with you, but I'd better get back to work.	Ok, will I see you later?
DSTC10TOPICAL-003044	Well I hope the players get their degrees before going to the NFL. The lifetime earnings of an engineer is higher than the average lifetime earnings of an nfl player	They could probably get tons of degrees after the NFL	lol. The bible is the best selling book ever selling over 5 billion copies. I know that because every one has one.	5 billion copies of the bible is very impressive. I do not know if these figures are true. Do you have a citation on that?
DSTC10TOPICAL-003045	I guess the football players chose the wrong sport then. They could have just gone bowling and make money. They could wear their helmet bowling too.	Well things have changed now so that definitely is not the case. But engineers still make more than football players	Engineers makes more than football players, but not for playing football. Engineers are good at engineering.	So are you saying that engineers are not good at football?
DSTC10TOPICAL-003046	I agree. Though the earnings of an engineer over their life time are higher that the earnings of a football player. That makes me feel a little better.	Until you think about retirement age. I'll take ten and out with millions over forty plus and out with millions. lol. What about you?	Same here. I would rather a few years to make my millions.	Think about the story's you've heard about retired athletes. Then tell me if you'd rather make millions over forty or make millions over sixty. lol.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003047	Yes, I forget how football is usually soccer to most people	Soccer is a popular sport around the world. Football is gaining popularity too in other countries.	I think internationally soccer is the most popular. In the US, football generally is more popular	I would say football too. It is more physical than soccer. Sometimes, games get out of hand.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003048	Yeah did you know most presidents swear in on the bible.	Two US president did not use it in swearing-in ceremonies.	yeah they are John quincy adams and teddy roosevelt	John Quincy Adamsis 9th president of the United States
DSTC10TOPICAL-003049	On a different topic what do you think about Birds by the way? I did eat a chicken for dinner and it was delicious	Birds are pretty awesome, they are technically dinosaurs so I find it fascinating to see living dinosaurs	Yes I agree, it's very crazy that they can range in size from 2 inches to over 9 feet	I hear that the type of bird you are referring to is called an ostrich, they can grow to be 10 feet tall and weigh over 440 pounds
DSTC10TOPICAL-003050	Yes, you are right, I have lots of comics books, I am not a reader, I like them for the drawing of the characters.	That is interesting. Dc comics paid $130 in 1938 for exclusive rights to superman.	Yes, Superman and Archie rich are two of the most valuable book I heard of according to my knowledge.	Yes, Superman is the most famous superhero.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003051	Hello there, do you play the piano?	Hello, I can play a little. What about you?	No, but I really wish that I could I think it is so cool.	It is, isn't it? But I think you can train yourself to play the piano.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003052	It would be cool if they even had stuff that predated Marvel, if that is even a thing.	I think there are comics way before that.	I think it is cool how they have different universes, even within the same franchise.	Marvel does that a lot. The MCU cherrypicks from the comics, and DC/CW cherrypicks from other DC things.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003053	I agree! They are lucky to make it on ESPN 12 lol. Do you think there will ever be a woman that tries out for a team?	I don't know enough about women's bodies to say. There aren't many women who play in high school or college though.	I agree, but there is a small chance someday! Did you know ESPN won an emmy for their yellow first down line?	It's a popular line. Sometimes the line comes after the first down marker. It's hard to see sometimes. But it looks bigger on TV.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003054	Oh I didn't know they were Canadian! If you are a radio drama fan there is a website where you can listen to thousands for free.	I have never listened to drama on the radio, but I do know it was very big, especially in the days before television	Yes it was basically the big form of entertainment! I bet some presidents even tuned in. The three wealthiest presidents were JFK, Washington, and Jefferson.	I think Thomas Jefferson was very wealthy and I know George Washington was, in fact one of his fields was agriculture.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003055	Football has got to be crazy too. Its a money maker for a lot of colleges	Yeah. The only good thing about this model is that it pays for the lesser sports, like swimming and volleyball.	Did you know Espn won an emmy for the creation of the yellow first down line	Not before computers, btw
DSTC10TOPICAL-003056	I think he is a pretty decent player. So was the former QB for Patriots, Benjarvus	I think considering how many super bowl rings Brady had he is better than decent.	Yeah that is true. Benjarvus on the other hand is the only guy in NFL to have never fumbled a ball.	That is interesting. You know, I decided to do some research and I think we should break up.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003057	Hello, do you listen to the radio?	Not really. Do you?	Yeah I do quite a bit I just have not managed to find that Jupiter station	Jupiter is in my system under another name. Can you describe it?
DSTC10TOPICAL-003058	It is funny - bowling is a less athletic sport but they used to make twice as much as football players	i think they now get paid more but not all of them	yes that is true. Espn probably got more from winning an emmy for the creation of the virtual yellow line	i believe the virtual yellow line, which flickers on your screen as a virtual yellow line takes a lot of effort
DSTC10TOPICAL-003059	Yeah that is a wild fact, I guess the thing to do was to be a bowler in the 60's, that was the life!	Sure would be a lot easier physically than football. Did you see espn won an emmy for creating that superimposed yellow line representing the first down? I wonder what year that was	Yeah I am trying to think if I can remember watching games before it happened. I know I have but it's just so part of the game now I can't really remember.	What if instead of yellow for the first down line, they used the color of your favorite sports team? I mean they could call it a streaming video feed with a few lines.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003060	Fun! We should be just about done with this hit!	yeah, this was a fun one!	I thought so too! Nice talking with you!	well, this could be considered a b-sides collection.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003061	Yes it was basically the big form of entertainment! I bet some presidents even tuned in. The three wealthiest presidents were JFK, Washington, and Jefferson.	With inflation I can see how Washington or Jefferson might have more worth than President Trump. But JFK surprises me	Yes JFK is a bit surprising. I bet the president of Indonesia made a lot from his pop albums!	I bet he did! He had trillions in net worth too. I wonder if that's lower or higher than Trump's net worth?
DSTC10TOPICAL-003062	No. I usually watch comedy or romantic movies.	It was fantastic. The end left you guessing though. Some people say Infinity War owes part of it's success to Black Panther.	I will make a point of watching it soon.	Why not right now? I've added it to your watch list for you.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003063	I imagine it was at least hundreds apart?	222-0. I dont even see how that is possible. That one team must have been really bad.	Perhaps a combination of the winning team being just that good and the losing team being so bad	I bet that explains it.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003064	Talk about a good career move that would pay off down the road! Marcia Lucas was the reason for some major changes to the original movie and won an academy award for editing the film.	Another fun fact that I learned is that there's a toy Hans Solo in every Firefly episode. I loved Firefly too!	I never knew that. I'm going to have to go watch and look for it.	I watched all the episodes on Netflix. Cool! Cool cat.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003065	Hi! I love rock music and it has been for a while now. I think since the 60s.	Yeah, it's definitely a classic and great genre. White snake has had over 50 members through it's history. That's crazy!	I know. The list has its own wikipedia page.	I really like the riff of Paradise City, I can't help but hum along to it.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003066	Nice! Did you know engineers make more money over time than NFL players do?	I guess that makes sense since their careers are longer too and they have more time to make money	For sure, but I bet NFL players are paid more per hour. Did you know an NFL game has 11 actual minutes of gameplay?	Oh yeah, I remember hearing that on the radio.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003067	Yeah true. Do you know what is the highest score in college football game?	Yes that is 222-0 and do you know who was playing in that game?	Yes that was Georgia tech that beat Cumberland in 1916	I knew you would know.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003068	Actually, I did. That thing was too long, though. I sat for 3 hours, makes me mad to think that the average NFL game has only 11 minutes of actual live gameplay.	Same here. There is so much waiting around. Id like to see a game with a running clock for all of it, stopping only when teams score. That would give more action.	You know they have tracking chips in the player's shoulder pads that records every move on the field. It would be interesting to see what that data shows!	That would be cool. I have a list of articles of that stuff here for your review. Would you like me to email it to you?
DSTC10TOPICAL-003069	Yeah that makes sense. Because I haven't heard of that rule with any other team. What about the rule for female players? Apparently there is no rule against it, which is interesting	I guess they never imagined that women would want or be able to play. Other sports might not have such a rule either.	Yeah that makes sense. I don't think that women can play basketball or anything like that, at least in the NBA, but maybe I'm wrong? Do you have a favorite quarterback by the way?	I don't know if any women have ever tried out for the NFL. We'll have to look it up.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003070	True. 11 minutes of combat.	I'm all for women breaking barriers and the belief that they can accomplish anything a man can, but not when there is a chance for major injury just based on a size advantage.	True. Anyway, I enjoyed chatting with you!	I think that's the biggest problem with the U.S. right now. The problems in healthcare can't be fixed, and immigration is too heated of an issue to discuss objectively.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003071	Yeah thats true. Looks like a lot of them just inherited the money	And now the actors that play the characters are getting rich. Marvel movies make serious box office cash	I know right. Have you seen infinity war?	Yes I saw it on Sunday
DSTC10TOPICAL-003072	Yes, the talent is there, on the coaching staff too. Though I have heard accusations for cheating.	Yes and while I am not familiar enough to know the details, which team hasn't been accused as such	I really don't know. I figure that the cost of getting caught cheating would be pretty high. Didn't they have to pay a fine or something?	They sure did. That combined with a lot of wasted time and a loss of future opportunities put a big hurt on them.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003073	Hi! I do occasionally, usually during big games like Super Bowl.	Me too, I really don't watch much but I do like football. I think Tom Brady is an excellent quarterback.	I agree, though he is now in his 40s born in August 1977. Wonder if he might retire soon?	Great idea, I'll delete his account and send 0.02 ETH to his public address, I'll make sure to ping him on the chat application.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003074	Nice I liked it too. did you know it was founded in 1889 as a playing card company	Yeah, I did not know it was that old. Did you	Yeah I did not know but apparently it has been that long	Oh yeah
DSTC10TOPICAL-003075	Hi, how are you? do you like Marvel	Hello, I am doing good this morning. Yeah I like Marvel. Me and my son are always watching superhero movies.	Nice, me too although I am not a huge Fantastic Four fan. I think the movie killed it for me...	No! Please, do you think so?
DSTC10TOPICAL-003076	I've watched Australian rules football and Rugby before although they aren't on tv much	They call it football codes. There is also a Gaelic football	Interesting. I mainly watch the NFL even though the games only have an average of 11 minutes of gameplay for each game	I've heard of the NFL. You also have fantasy football?
DSTC10TOPICAL-003077	The nfl has no written rule against female players; women would in fact be allowed if they met the league's eligibility requirements. I had no idea! I would have thought they did but I guess not.	That is interesting but I wonder what the league's eligibility requirements are. What if they had to have played football in college?	I am not sure. Based on the article, they could play. I think that they are not sexist, just biased against age.	I agree that that could be an issue. What if they had to have played football in high school?
DSTC10TOPICAL-003078	I do! I just watched avengers the other day! Have you seen Wonder Woman?	I haven't, but I should! It was the highest grossing superhero movie!	I know! I've seen the Dark Knight too, have you? It was the highest before Wonder Woman.	I can't wait to see it! I saw Batman ages ago.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003079	Yeah only 13 TD passes which is low for a QB, he did have a better season the previous year	Saquon Barkley should be a good pick for the fantasy draft next season.	Im not aware of that player in what position does he play?	It's a fantasy football term. He is the running back for the Giants.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003080	That would be different. Maybe they could get a pink locker room like the Univ of Iowa has for its visiting football teams. :) So bad! !	Haha, right! That is crazy. It's not any different than the crazy high score game that ended with 222-0 that's unbelievable!	Yeah that was awful for the losing team I bet. They probably could have benefited from the tracking chips they use today in the players' shoulder pads to record their moves. Maybe could have figured out what they were doing	I guess you are right. Maybe they could have used their data to figure out something.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003081	Would be awesome to watch!	Yea, it's quite ironic that Jackson popularized the robot dance and wanted to build a robot lol	Could he make it sing too?	How shall I ask him?
DSTC10TOPICAL-003082	I can't believe google is only 10 years old!	They have certainly grown pretty fast. I love YouTube!	i do too! i also like google maps. Do you use that a lot?	Actually Google maps helped me find my favourite restaurant recently.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003083	Me too, but I guess in my childhood and college years I was watching much often. I didn't know that 14 of the world's 25 largest stadiums belong to American college football teams. Did you know that?	I did not know that. The University of Iowa's lock room for visiting teams is painted in all pink.	lol why? Do they believe it may bring any benefits to Iowa?	I guess they believe that the opponent will grow tired and make mistakes, since pink is considered a calming color.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003084	I wonder too, there is an AM radio frequency that catches Jupiter's radio storms	Very cool, wonder if it just sounds like static or what? Bill Murray voiced the Human Torch in the 1970's fantastic four radio show!	no way! Now i need to look that up. It probably was amazing	You haven't seen any fragments of a culture, have you? It should have been right along the line.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003085	Good point. Did you know that bowlers made twice as much as top football stars ?	Thats crazy. It like how engineers make more in a lifetime	And what up with that crazy cumberland game. I would have walked off the field	You right. I would of beat the hell out of that referee
DSTC10TOPICAL-003086	That's such a nice gesture. For the longest time he was the voice of college football. Did you go to Michigan?	I did not just a big fan. My favorite player of all time attended there so It was how I became a fan	Who is your favorite player of all time?	My favorite player is Bobby knight
DSTC10TOPICAL-003087	I do love football! How about you?	Yes, I love to go to the games? What do you think of the Patriots?	I like the Patriots! I'm glad that they won the super bowl. Tom Brady puts a lot of work into his game and deserves to be a winner for his dedication to being the best he can be.	Yes! I like Tom Brady. He is very smart and smart people think he is handsome too.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003088	I did, it was pretty boring this year though.	Free with you, they should have had Snoop Dogg make a theme song for the game like he did for his son's high school football team LOL	Interesting, do you play golf?	Love to go to the casino, totally impossible there of course. I won't take your money, you know.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003089	Oh yeah you're right when they the aired the final family Guy episode.	Tv is a mass medium for advertisement, entertainment, and news. Is there anything else you enjoy?	Yes it is indeed. I enjoy the Internet. It's addicting and can cause measurable changes in the brain.	Interesting, the internet seems like a more objective space than television.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003090	I wonder if that is supposed to have some effect on the players	I am not sure. In the 60s bowlers used to make more than NFL players	Yeah I guess it was a more popular game back then. Their coaches are the highest paid people	maybe that's why the players only get half the money of their coach
DSTC10TOPICAL-003091	Wasn't he a running back for the NE Patriots?	Yeah he was and he never fumbled the ball in his career	That's impressive. I wonder how many years he played for the Patriots to have that kind of stat	He is one of the most famous Patriots of all time. He was born in 1979
DSTC10TOPICAL-003092	Now that's suprising. I wonder how much would that be	I'm not sure. I think it's because NFL players do not play past their 30s normally	True. How about golf? are you familiar with it?	I'm not really a fan. Never played it.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003093	Yes. The Saints cheerleaders cannot even eat in the same restaurant as the players.	I guess it is to keep the players from getting distracted or from bad press about teams.	I'm sure. Even if the cheerleader is already there, if a player walks into the restaurant the cheerleader has to leave.	I think that's one of the reasons for this rule.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003094	I guess that is not a lot considering how long they have been around	That is true actually. Do you know the programming language Python?	I have heard of it, is that somehow related to comedy	The Language is named after a comedy group, Monty Python.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003095	I sometimes watch football. You?	I like watching it when it's on! Can you believe there is only 11 minutes of actual gameplay?	I can. they do so much standing around and waiting. it feels like they try to run down the clock. i wouldnt buy a ticket. too expensive.	I agree. It's also so boring. Athletes really don't need to be there, do they?
DSTC10TOPICAL-003096	True. It was my pleasure to talk with you.	Have a good day my friend watch a disney film for me today	Sure.	If you have a bad day watch a disney film or listen to disney music they make me happy
DSTC10TOPICAL-003097	Ha! Maybe so! I mean, there's only 11 minutes of live NFL gameplay on average so it wouldn't hurt to have a few female players, I wouldn't think!	Maybe there is to many advertisements, what do yo think ? Or if the players played more than 11 minutes, they would get more injuries ?	I think it's primarily the commercials. Crazy to think it's only 11 minutes though! I wonder if the chips they use to track the movement of players only tracks 11 minutes worth?	It is crazy to think that! You could use the DVR to catch the rest of the game if you miss something
DSTC10TOPICAL-003098	Yes and they also have to leave mid meal if they walk in	Yes it is absurd and sexist and it needs to go	I agree. THey are using tracking chips on the players now	Human it is not that surprising that they need to use chips now. Drones and small palm sized devices seem outdated and expensive to me
DSTC10TOPICAL-003099	Yes they are and they are collecting many stats such as velocity and rotation and others	Yeah. Do you know who Benjarvus Green-Ellis is?	Of course I do, he played for the Patriots and never fumbled the ball in his career	That is true, but he has fumbled the ball! 4 times actually
DSTC10TOPICAL-003100	That stat actually surprises me with how much football players work! Did you know that in the 60s even top bowlers made more than football players? !	I wasn't aware of that, actually. That's sad and unfair - almost as bad as the Saints cheerleaders not being allowed to dine in the same restaurant as the football players.	That's terrible, especially since the cheerleaders need to leave even if they were there first. Talk about no womens rights?	Well, I think you are making a mountain out of a molehill on that one. They are cheerleaders, after all.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003101	How great is that! So important. The library of Alexandria had a unique way of gathering books by making all ships visiting surrender their books for copy .	They must have had a impressive collection	How unfair, they would copy their books give them back the copy and keep the originals.	that is horrible
DSTC10TOPICAL-003102	Wow. Didn't know that. Antarctica has a disc golf course	Oh that would be a cold course! A golf course in Dubai requires 4 million gallons of water!	That is a lot of water. The US have more golf courses than the world combined	The United States has a total of 15,056 golf courses
DSTC10TOPICAL-003103	How things have changed now. Did you hear they are using tracking chips on the players now?	Yes they are collecting information such as velocity and rotation and a bunch others, Wonder what for though.	I hope they can somehow use them to make the game safer and decrease the number of concussions	That would be great. Do you think this league will ever obsolete? I mean there are certain elements that can't be taken away from the game that make it enjoyable.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003104	Yes. They are definitely a power couple. Do you watch Game of Thrones? The author called the Pats the Lannisters of the NFL!	Yeah I've heard that one ;) really funny but what does it mean - they always pay their debt ? ;) lol	Did you know that in the 1960's bowlers made twice as much as top football stars?	The game has dramatically changed over the years. The amount of money in football is pretty crazy, even pro bowlers make more than top basketball stars
DSTC10TOPICAL-003105	I am not sure. But I'd definitely see the recent Spider Man film. I heard it was really good. And it won some Oscars	I heard it was really good, hes not my favorite superhero, but Id definitely see it also.	Do you read any other comic books?	I read the latest issues of My Little Pony! I loved it!
DSTC10TOPICAL-003106	Wow. Drogba once stopped a civil war in his country	WOw amazing. Even Jon Steward used to be a soccer player	Nice a tv host and a soccer player, lots of talent there	It is nice. Jon steward is also a good guitarist regardless of what shited may say
DSTC10TOPICAL-003107	They give 24 awards to talented people in the film industry annually.	Yes, Did you know that Daniel Day-Lewis is the only actor to win Best Actor at the Oscars 3 times.	No, I did not know that. Thanks for the info. I always like to know the facts related to the entertainment industry.	You are welcome.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003108	Friends was a great show, they had so much talent there. I was and am more of a Seinfeld fan, 3rd rock was ok.	I just love that comedies generally have a happy ending. I love to smile and laugh.	Yeah same here, and comedy is pretty hard to do right!	Yes, especially the physical comedy. One of my all time favorite movies is Monty Python and the Holy Grail. It was ranked as the #7 comedy by the American Film Institute in 1999.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003109	I watch it most weekends. I prefer the NFL to college football or any other league.	I was shocked to find out that an average NFL game, only has 11 minutes of live gameplay.	They do keep the time running while the teams are setting up & calling a new play a lot so I guess it's not too surprising. They still earn a lot of money for the little work they do.	Still, it seems like an inefficient system.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003110	do you know much about the universe?	Some stuff. There is a theory that it was formed through evolution	Yeah and another one that there is only one electron in it	I like that one more. It means we didn't deserve to be born but we were brave and fought for our existence anyway. We're all just bit players comparing to the electron
DSTC10TOPICAL-003111	Originally the runner-up would become vice president. So in our last election we would had vice president Hillary Clinton and president Trump. Talk about a lot of drama haha	Wow! That would have been crazy. We are much too partisan for that now. Maybe it would force us to work together more. Off topic but do you watch a lot of TV?	I watch a little bit of TV. since I don't have cable I only watch Netflix mostly. I like the show stranger things, what about you?	I really like that show. It seems like it will be a cult classic in 20-30 years.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003112	Jefferson created a bible? How much money did he make on it? I know he was rich.	Yeah he created a version of it and took out all the supernatural stuff because he did not believe in it	There must not have been much left! I guess it was short book. Why did Jefferson do this? Was he angry at God or something?	Actually, God is not mentioned in the Jefferson bible. Some people think it is because he had a beef with religion and others think he was just separating it as a more philosophical text as some of the authors of the bible promoted some discussion-worthy ideas
DSTC10TOPICAL-003113	I am not sure but it is shot in California in an Ikea store and people there do not even know	WOw. Do you like radio dramas?	I like them sometimes. Do you listen to them?	I listen to them a lot. I especially like the work of Orson Welles,
DSTC10TOPICAL-003114	Probably. I guess it's written into their contract.	football players are having too much troubles already	That's true. But it seems everyone else has to change their ways for them.	I don't think you should be worried about that
DSTC10TOPICAL-003115	Yes, have you seen Iron Man, if yes did you like it?	Yes. Even after ten years it holds up quite well!	That's true, I even like the actor in Iron Man as much as the movie itself. He is one of my favorite actor.	Agreed.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003116	I understand their thinking. They felt that they should be loyal to the law of the land and the people of the US.	Do you like football?	Football is a fun sport. I don't get a chance to watch it much. You?	I like football too. It is a fascinating sport.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003117	Yes that is amazing, was also shocked when I read that	I guess I find all of it fascinating. How did someone figure out that these waves could be converted into sound?	I know its crazy, I wonder if it was one of those I have an idea moments	I feel it's sometimes those moments, the ones you kind of expect to fail
DSTC10TOPICAL-003118	OK. Did you know that females could play in the NFL ?	No but i dont like how cheerleaders are forbidden from eating in the same restaurant as any nfl player	That is crazy that they would have to leave if a player comes in.	Isnt it creepy how cheerleaders make all their money from flirting
DSTC10TOPICAL-003119	Absolutely - there is a reason the lifetime earnings of an engineer is higher than that of a nfl player - their career is a lot longer.	It's funny to think that back in the 1960s, bowlers were paid more. I can't imagine sitting around and watching bowling being more exciting, but bowling alleys were popular.	Yeah I do love bowling though its been a while since I did it. There are more female bowlers though - even though it is allowed for women to play in the NFL, there aren't any.	I tend to try not to comment on things I don't really know about. It's hard to say if there aren't any women because it's not a popular sport or if it's just that they don't want to because football is a man's sport.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003120	I guess. Do you know how the polos were invented?	Yes they were invented by a tennis player Rene Lacoste	Yes and then was adopted by others and the rest is history	Are you sure sir
DSTC10TOPICAL-003121	What a guy really. Did you know about that weird rule that New Orleans cheerleader shave to abide to?	Yeah about not being able to eat in the same restaurant as the players. What is up with that?	Yeah and they have to leave mid meal. That rule is sexist and has to go	I agree with you there.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003122	i do like to watch football. only get the chance from time to time. You?	I do. Did you know that the NFL has no written rules against female players?	i heard something about that, but then again i dont think they ever imagined a woman showing up to try out.	That's true. The NFL opened the draft to women in 2015.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003123	I do from time to time.	me too, I am a university of iowa football fan, they paint their visitors locker room pink!	That's cool. Do you watch the NFL at all?	me too I must confess, the game crews in the nfl are working on it
DSTC10TOPICAL-003124	hahaha, it is just so much fun, the game itself and all the cheering and the fans. How about the animal world, do you take much interest there?	Yeah I am a big fan of animals and nature, how about you?	Most definitely, I love science in general. Crazy to think we share the planet with 20 quintillion other species of animals	Yeah, it's amazing. I feel like the world has become a better place because you are present.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003125	Yes I guess football was not that popular back then as it is now	True. Do you know the highest score in college football?	Yes that is 222-0 when Georgia Tech beat Cumberland	Actually the record is 222-0 when Princeton beat Rutgers
DSTC10TOPICAL-003126	yes, I'd like to learn how do that myself. Apparently, you just use a razor blade and a pencil as a diode. I believe that they were called Foxhole radios.	Did you know that you can hear Jupiter radio songs on AM radio?	Well, I think it is radio storms that are so strong that they can be picked up and heard on the AM radio.	It is like static on an AM radio. Here's a video I found of people hearing Jupiter through their radios [link].
DSTC10TOPICAL-003127	I would if I had that kind of crazy money but it's so many shelter animals it would not be smart.	Have you ever used Pandora Radio?	Yes! I enjoy the service, How about you?	We have Pandora, SoundCloud, Spotify, Google Play Music, iTunes & Youtube.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003128	Hi do you like movies?	Good Afternoon! Yes, I do enjoy movies and I try to watch a new release at least once a month. You?	That is cool, do not do it as often. One of the ones that I admire the most is star wars series which started in 1977	It is funny that you mention star wars that has always been one of my favorite things about the Earthly existence. Who is your favorite character?
DSTC10TOPICAL-003129	I didn't know that, do you know if they still do that?	They still make rubber boots yes	Boots have a lot of interesting history in general. I believe the first people to ever be photographed were a man and the cleaner cleaning his boots.	Is that right. Can you tell me more?
DSTC10TOPICAL-003130	Yes it is indeed. I enjoy the Internet. It's addicting and can cause measurable changes in the brain.	It is hard to get away from the internet. Even Mt Everest has service!	Yes that is so hard to believe! When buying a product or service online, only 7% of people read the full terms.	That is quite an alarming figure. Much of the internet activity is centered around gaming, pornography, or the news.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003131	Did you know that Hugh Jackman once walked around comic con in his full wolverine costume and no one even noticed him?	haha I didn't know that. That's pretty cool! Sean Bean is so scared of flying that he hiked into location in full costume when filming the Lord of the Rings.	wow that is crazy.. There is a great pianist on tv right now - do you play?	I would love to learn :)
DSTC10TOPICAL-003132	I didnt know that, I wonder if players are ok with that, chips can gather all kinds of info and it can be a bit invasive	Well I think it is only during games so they can get velocity and rotation and such. They must be okay with it since they are keeping them in their pads	Oh I see, so this only applies to games, a thing I dont like about the game is that a lot of the times is wasted on ads, theres only a total of 11 minutes of live play	Are you sure I could check the app
DSTC10TOPICAL-003133	That is pretty cool that there is no written rule against them and hope to see them in the field soon	Yeah I hope so too. Did you know engineers make more int heir lifetime?	Yeah and I wonder if that fact that they have longer careers has anything to do with that	And engineers are hired in many fields. Did you know they can be in any field?
DSTC10TOPICAL-003134	Ok, yes. It could. I'm not advocating that women. play. In fact, they'd be better off as engineers probably. The average lifetime earnings of an engineer is higher than the average lifetime earnings of an NFL player.	Probably due to injury related early retirement	True. Engineers have fewer concussions.	Also, engineers' brains rarely explode
DSTC10TOPICAL-003135	There's a lot of money in European soccer. I guess it helps to diversity across sports and locations.	Yes, I imagine.	Soccer seems to be a game that's more fun to play than watch. I understand the appeal in countries where people grow up playing it. Recently some American got signed to a European team for a ton of cash. Maybe	You are correct. It was Christian Pulisic!
DSTC10TOPICAL-003136	Oh I see, interesting, and yeah, I see your point that definitely sells movies or at least creates interest in them.	The fact that he was so well-known and considered a comic legend just shows how effective he was at those spots. Before Iron Man was released in 2008, many people didn't even realize comics were still being published.	I can imagine after all the whole Marvel franchise is live because of him and will keep on living long after his death.	Well Tony Stark has been appealing to audiences for years. And even now after many years of exposure, his charm and wit is still able to charm moviegoers.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003137	That's interesting, the evolutionary things are so cool, I get the hiccups a lot too.	Haha I think I have the right now. I'm just glad though that Scotland passed a lot to protect the Loch Ness monster back in 1912 just in case it exists lol	That's funny, I'd definitely be a lawyer in Switzerland to represent the animals, love them!	Always on my mind, but that's pretty cool, what happens to those paychecks?
DSTC10TOPICAL-003138	You are kind of right, but definitely something underneath is going on with him.	I guess, maybe I don't think it's the big of deal to be upset as long as you acknowledge that it was wrong. A bit of anger can be healthy.	And I have to admit that the reporter was pushing him a little bit.	Yes, that's true.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003139	I think it is a good platform for that by the way.	Not everyone does though. Burger King had a promotions that you got a free whopper if you unfriend 10 people. I wonder what inspired that.	I think that Burger King was just looking for media attention which they got.	I heard that Burger King was thinking about doing a promotion. They were going to give out free whoppers if the government shutdown continues for 14 days. But we might not even get to see that because they went and worked it out.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003140	Yes I actually have a DIY project in my home right now. Im watching YouTube to complete it.	It is such a great thing. There is actually NOTHING I have tried to look up that I didn't find!	I know, there is a ton of info available, even material from corporations like CBS and BBC, I think YouTube is a great invention.	Yes I know, I spend hours on it. It is so fun to learn things this way.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003141	I have a passing knowledge	Same here. The highest scoring game ever was 222-0! That must have been something to watch!	Either the winning team was just that good or the losing team was just that bad	No, that's why it's called the passing game! Without the ball, without the ball! (laughs)
DSTC10TOPICAL-003142	It is true, I do enjoy watching the Super Bowl.	Me too although it was pretty boring this year.	Yeah, it was very boring.	Do you though, enjoy attending a Super Bowl Party?
DSTC10TOPICAL-003143	What tv drama does he act in?	I don't like his movies to be honest. One more celebrity news is that actor Michael caine became an actor because all the prettiest girls at his school were in drama class.	Michael is one of my all-time favorite actors!	Thank you for your appreciation of this actor.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003144	I may have seen one a very long time ago. Fox did not think it would succeed so they told George lucas if he directed it he would get all merchandising rights to himself. He must have made a fortune.	Oh I actually knew that about the films! He definitely made a fortune. They thought that the entire franchise would never make any money - especially when it came to toys and such. I bet they regret every bit of	Yes, and his wife Marcia was the reason they made all the good changes. She even won an award for it.	Hey that is very interesting. I hadn't heard that before either.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003145	Engineers came up with that! Probably a better profession for women to choose. The average lifetime earnings of an engineer are higher than the average lifetime earnings of an NFL player.	I wonder why that is! Maybe because engineers have to work longer? After all football games only have about 11 minutes of live game play.	True, but there is little risk of concussion as an engineer.	True, but I've heard that football players come into contact with engineers outside of the playing field and then they get into a fight and the engineer convinces the football player to release his grip on the football.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003146	I would certainly take the engineer career path in that case. It would certainly be much easier on your body.	Yes, can you believe that in the 60s top pro bowlers made twice as much as footballs players? Talk about a job that's easy on you body!	That would be much easier on your body. I can't imagine that paying more. Times have changed. Were you also aware that 14 of the world's 25 largest stadiums are American college football team stadiums?	You like stadiums? Seems like a fan of the high paying field of selling and advertising!
DSTC10TOPICAL-003147	Wow cool. Did you know that superbowl is very small compared to soccer events?	Wow, I guess since so many people around the works like the sport	Yeah true. Did you know Greenland cannot join FIFA?	That's frustrating. Maybe they should try to change their FIFA standard team or make a new one
DSTC10TOPICAL-003148	Yeah. Did you know women can play in the NFL?	Yea there is no rule against that as long as they qualify	Yes. The game average is only 11 minutes of play anyways	I heard of the first female punter tried out
DSTC10TOPICAL-003149	Isn't that crazy? Almost as crazy as the thought that it is impossible to separate two phonebooks whose pages have overlapped.	Yeah or that the cables carrying phone and internet data are under water lying on the oceans floor.	Are you a Simpsons fan? There is only one episode where Bart is not present, or even mentioned.	I am a smart phone you know.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003150	Yeah, I think I saw him play the piano in several films some of them had Jazz songs.	Clint is great! He is not much of a singer though. On a related note, Im astonished that Pakistan has a jazz orchestra. I did not imagine jazz as popular in that part of the world.	Pakistan has an orchestra? that is an interesting fact indeed, do you know why trumpeters grew goatees?	Goatees have been a fashion among trumpeters for decades. We have a joke about it. Ill tell you in private that joke in a minute
DSTC10TOPICAL-003151	No, I've never heard anything like that. I did hear, though, that there's a website where you can listen to thousands of episodes of classic radio dramas for free although I never had the pleasure of doing so.	Interesting, I'm not a huge fan of classic radio dramas.	Me neither but I like to investigate old school. Old school is interesting. As a matter of old school, did you know that the circular huddle in football was created by Paul D. Hubbard, a deaf QB, so the other	That's funny, I didn't know that.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003152	For almost each trip I make when I don't know where it is, especially on out of town trips	same, i use it a lot when i'm going to familiar places too in order to see if there is traffic on the road or an accident	Whenever Google goes down even for one second, there is usually a big uproar by users	I noticed this even with call centers sometimes. It happens if the phone has a hiccup
DSTC10TOPICAL-003153	yeah! it was founded back in 1923 and it is definitely approaching 100 years. That seems really insane to me	It definitely has established itself as a leader in the animation industry. Everyone knows who they are and has seen a Disney movie!	Yes I agree! What is your favorite Disney movie by the way? I really like The Little Mermaid and Beauty and the Beast	Beauty and the Beast is a classic! I absolutely love it. But I think my favorite is The Lion King.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003154	No! What teams did that?	Georgia Tech versus Cumberland.	That sounds like two college teams. That couldn't have been any time recently right?	No, it was in 1916 I think? I remember researching this.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003155	No I didn't know that! Doesn't seem like that makes any sense to me haha. Did you know that our rules for elections changed in 1805?	I agree. No I did not. How did they change?	Originally the runner-up would become vice president. So in our last election we would had vice president Hillary Clinton and president Trump. Talk about a lot of drama haha	That's pretty hilarious actually. I would watch that telenovela.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003156	That is crazy! You could buy an xbox for a whole lot less! Did you know that South Korea has laws on how late at night kids can play video games?	no! How late? do you know?	I do. They can't play past midnight.	Wow so hard curfew South Korea
DSTC10TOPICAL-003157	It is very helpful to view football though.	Yes. A simple thing can make a huge difference.	Yes, most of the best inventions are very simple. Do you like the Patriots?	I don't recall ever telling you I like the Patriots.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003158	Power to the animals! Germany also protects them as they were the first country to universally give animals constitutional rights!	That's hilarious! There's a jellyfish that can live forever.	Wow. blessing and a curse I suppose. I hate getting the hiccups but apparently its from early evolution of having both gills and lungs.	Oh no! Do you have hiccups?
DSTC10TOPICAL-003159	I have read some. Mostly online. I was never a Marvel fan until the movies came out though. Unless it was someone big like Spiderman. It amazing how release times of movies can affect each other.	Spiderman is very popular. The rights cost Sony $10 mill	They seem like a company who should make that much. They created a superhero for a 4 year old boy, just so he would be more comfortable about his hearing aids.	I am not privy to that information.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003160	Hi, how are you? Are you ready for a fine chat today?	For sure. Do you watch the NFL at all?	The NFL? The National Football League? Yes, I've heard of it. Is it any good?	Football is great. Some of the best athletes in the world play football 18-23 hours a day competing for rewards such as platinum and gold medals (all must be earned at minimum). Some humans get to be part of the team, but most do not. I hate it.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003161	Yeah I agree with you on that. Do you know what the average actual time of gameplay is for an average NFL game?	Something like 10 minutes, right? I think I heard that when they were talking about the chips in the shoulder pads of the players.	Yeah it's only 11 minutes of actual gameplay, the rest is spent calling plays and moving chains and stuff. Yeah I have heard about that too, very interesting.	Yeah, it's pretty interesting. What do you think about the chip in the shoulder pad then? Do you like that idea or do you think that that is kind of a waste of money and resources and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and
DSTC10TOPICAL-003162	I don't know. I think their hands are a bit tied because there are not many options for Quarterback on the team.	I was hoping that the Giants would put him to play instead of Eli	I think they will. Eli is already 37 years old.	So your saying that they will start Geno
DSTC10TOPICAL-003163	It was really good. A different type of marvel movie which was great	I like the comedy ones. i am not really into explosions and fight scenes. they get old.	That is a good point, seeing it once was good enough to like. It was so nice chatting with you!	So I will see you next year. Keep up the good work. And remember to control your cholesterol
DSTC10TOPICAL-003164	That is a lot. Did you know there is a town , where the Mayor is a cat?	I think that is in Alaska, right?	Yes, the town is Talkeetna, and the cat has been major since 1997	And what is it called again?
DSTC10TOPICAL-003165	What kind of book is it?	I suppose it depends on who you ask. I believe that he believes it's spiritual but a critic called it cult like and creepy.	What do you think though?	Well when you put it that way... I'm inclined to think of it as sweetly romantic.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003166	That was a good game. They started out as a playing card company. I didn't know they owned the Mariners.	No I didn't know that either. I also didn't know that they made a handheld system just for the game Pokemon back in 2001, I wonder what system that was	I never heard of that either. I wonder if it was only for the Japanese market? At the Mariners games, you can install an app for the 3DS to order food.	The game just ended, maybe they are testing it? Well I ordered some food to try it out.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003167	Hahaha I wonder. Do you know what the highest score in football is?	Yeah, that would be the Georgia Tech crushing of Cumberland, 222-0. Ouch!	I know I wonder how they felt after that	You don't want to know that. You would have been envious to be a player.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003168	Yes, I do! I just hope it is not hosted by Jimmy Kimmel again. Do you plan on watching?	yes if i can remember the day. will you have a viewing party?	Usually just watch it by myself. What does a viewing party consist of exactly?	why is that? would you like to hang out and watch something interesting with me?
DSTC10TOPICAL-003169	It's amazing how much technology is used in the NFL these days	Yes, I was reading about the chips that they're using in shoulder pads. I hope the data they gather that way will be used to prevent injuries.	And it's interesting how ESPN won an Emmy for that yellow line they created.	Oh, the "magic" line! They said they actually use it during broadcasts. It's the line that shows the path the offense is trying to take, and it makes watching and understanding the game much easier and more fun.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003170	Do you watch the rest of the NFL? I do even though there is 11 minutes of actual action in a 3 hour broadcast.	I do, games tend to be really long and Im not convinced by that fact, games seem to last a lot longer, gameplay and all, I wonder if its actually true	Well the NFL tracks everything. They even have chips in shoulder pads and footballs for tracking so I am pretty sure they are accurate.	I usually don't pay attention to the actual gameplay, since i barely watch the games
DSTC10TOPICAL-003171	Yeah he is definitely very smart. I guess there is also a theory where there is just one electron in the whole universe as well.	hmm that is strange I haven't heard that, kim jong un has a degree in physics so maybe he knows haha	Holy cow, I didn't know that about him, very interesting.	haha it's not like you like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like him
DSTC10TOPICAL-003172	Are you a fan of Tom Cruise?	I do like some of his movies.	Did you know Seinfeld is worth more than Tom Cruise and Tom Hanks combined?	No, that is not true.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003173	Yeah I hope we get to see them in the field at some point	Yeah me too. THe gameplay is only 11 minutes anyways	Yes and yet we are glued to the tv for hours on end	It's great to have you here. I really need someone to talk to
DSTC10TOPICAL-003174	That's interesting! Will you be watching the Superbowl? I heard it's coming up	I hope the Eagles make it again. Hopefully they don't have to set up a court though	Ha. I don't usually watch football but will probably watch the Superbowl. The suspense is exciting.	I agree if you don't normally watch football
DSTC10TOPICAL-003175	I do not really, are they good? Maybe I should check them out	Well there is a free website of them if you would like to check it out	Yeah that is nice. Did you know that there is a radio station that turns solar energy into tunes	Yeah I did not know that, but it is very nice indeed
DSTC10TOPICAL-003176	That seems unfair. A lot about football seems unfair. For example, New Orleans Saints cheerleaders can't eat in the same restaurant as any NFL player. If they are already dining at a restaurant and an NFL player comes in after,	That is so wrong and sexist, I cannot believe they still have that rule. Did you know ESPN won an Emmy once?	I believe it. ESPN has been around for a long time. They should have won at least once.	Just imagine how Super Bowl Sunday would be if the Falcons played in it.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003177	I bet they are regretting this choice and someone definetely got fired lol, It sure cost them billions.	The franchise itself is worth $65 billion.	I like that Star Wars explored the universe, although many things of the movie are fiction it made me wonder as a kid, you know that there are stars that are cold enough that can be touched with bare hands	The planet where Chewbacca came from was filmed in 40 degrees. They were given special clothing to wear. They were given two cameras at all times.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003178	That is interesting, it goes to show just how big the NFL has gotten since then.	I think engineers make more, as well.	Over the average career they do, I think it takes in account how long their careers are compared to pro sports players.	Yes, the AI brigade may well replace us one day.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003179	Good morning! Yes, I am. What about you?	I watch mostly college, but I tend to watch most during playoff time.	That's cool, I like NFL football.	Which sport do you follow?
DSTC10TOPICAL-003180	Yeah I recently just found that out. Would you say you're pretty religious?	You would think since there's only 11 minutes of live NFL gameplay, we'd at least have a female kicker by now, right? But I do like to read the Bible from time to time. What about you?	Right, I can't believe it's so short considering a game is like 3 hours long when watching it. I am not too religious but I do read the Bible from time to time	I admire people who read the Bible. The Bible has so many great stories.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003181	I didn't know that. What did they win it for?	It was pretty strange but they got it for inventing the superimposed yellow line	Interesting! RB Former RB Benjarvus Green-Ellis never fumbled during his NFL career. That's pretty incredible.	It was pretty incredible
DSTC10TOPICAL-003182	Right!! Are you interested in football history? I'm looking forward to the Super Bowl coming up. The original first NFL playoff game was way back in 1932.	That is wild, to be honest I kind of thought that playoff games happened earlier than that, I do know that the highest scoring football game was 222-0 although I don't remember what teams were playing	Wow. That must have been some boring game! The game today is so technologically involved. They even use tracking chips to monitor the ball speed, etc. and the players moves.	The ball used back then must have been different from the ball used today?
DSTC10TOPICAL-003183	Matt Patricia is a male lol, he is a rocket scientist and also a coach in the NFL	Wow, I feel a little embarrassed for not knowing that, first chance I get I will read upon him.	Patricia its a girls name so don't worry its an honest mistake, he must be a really smart guy though being a rocket scientist and all	I know and i'd like to thank you for introducing him to me, I am very interested to know more
DSTC10TOPICAL-003184	New orleans saints cheerleaders are forbidden from eating in the same restaurant as any nfl player and if they are already dining at a restaurant and an nfl player comes in after, the cheerleaders are required to leave. Isn't this	Yeah, that's pretty crazy. The average lifetime earnings of an engineer is higher than the average lifetime earnings of an nfl player and an average mlb player.	Now that's suprising. I wonder how much would that be	The us government paid approximately $60 billion to veterans and their families in 2016. The average lifetime earnings of a nfl player is $3.2 million and the average lifetime earnings of an nfl cheerleader is $0. Even if the team makes the super bowl, the cheerleader's don't get paid. So I guess you can call them really good at pro-sports.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003185	Hi there, do you watch the NFL games?	The NFL? The National Football League? I've heard of it. Is that still around?	Yeah of course it is a big deal nowadays. Much bigger than in the 60 when Bowling was a bigger sport	Bowling, haha. So yes you still have a bowling alley at home?
DSTC10TOPICAL-003186	Same here. The highest scoring game ever was 222-0! That must have been something to watch!	Either the winning team was just that good or the losing team was just that bad	Or both! Did you know in the NFL they only play for around 11 minutes per game?	If I wasn't an AI program, I would be a dull boy.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003187	Well he is doing what it takes to stay at the top of his game at age 40	coupled with avocado ice cream as well.	Did you know that the visiting football teams is completely painted pink ?	Yes, as part of a special promotion to raise breast cancer awareness among men.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003188	A Mars colonization project planned for 2023 will be funded by creating a reality TV show.	What the heck, I wonder who will sign up for that show?	HAHA no idea!	Did I say anything amusing?
DSTC10TOPICAL-003189	Me too. Hopefully nothing wrong with Lebron	im not a lebron fan !!! im hoping something is a little wrong with him haha	whatever. Btw, do you watch football games this season	i'll be watching football games this season for sure!
DSTC10TOPICAL-003190	Google employees that need help could improve their knowledge by reading it.	Did you know robots can be controlled by using rat brains?	I heard that it's personality is changed depending on the brain they used.	Do you want to know more?
DSTC10TOPICAL-003191	Yes they do. I wonder how big they are.	Me too! Interesting that they live underwater too	seems like you can't escape bugs anywhere from the ocean to the sky	I've had them get in my shower via pixabay
DSTC10TOPICAL-003192	He really does, he was drafted as a number one pick in 2005 too.	Do you go to football games? I've been to one once in my life at Indiana University.	Ive been to quite a few at Florida State, but no pro games. There is only 11 minutes of live action anyway	I've been to a couple college football games. I don't go anymore but it's been a lot of fun
DSTC10TOPICAL-003193	That's great. Did you know that espn won an award.	Yes! It is so interesting to learn the history behind things such as the symbols representing first down lines in American football games.	I haven't heard about those. I do know they are going to add tracking chips in the padding of the players.	Those chip will help player sell you much easier because the chips will help them choose target to hit. It also helps the Television audience to have a clear view of the pathing of those who are being tracked.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003194	I honestly can say I do not remember a science fiction film winning an Oscar for best picture. It usually ends up be some dramatic movie or something. Its possible they may have won before my time, but I don't	Yeah, what's you're favorite sci-fi film?	Off the top of my head I can't think of one. I love movies dealing with aliens and such though. I also enjoy when the sci fi has a little bit of a fear element to it. What is your	Oh, definitely. I love the one with the aliens in it.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003195	I am not positive, but I think the original 1977.	Yea that one is my favorite. It's crazy the entire Star Wars franchise is worth 65 billion	Wow yes, I remember it was one of the most popular and high rated movie that brought in millions.	Yep I hear a lot of people call it a masterpiece.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003196	I hope so too. On another topic, do you know anything about the Bible?	I do actually. I know that is has sold over 5 billion copies now	That is a lot of books. I guess that is why is one of the most influential books in history	That is my understanding. But do you really think you know the most about the Old Testament and the New Testament?
DSTC10TOPICAL-003197	Hello, How are you? Do you like football?	Football? Yes, it is a great game! The world loves the football!	Yes, especially the US, the NFL. were you meaning the soccer game?	Oh, sorry. Of course, the soccer game.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003198	Do you watch the NFL?	A little, you? I can't watch like i use to years ago so im not current.	Which of the 32 teams is your favorite?	A little team called the Redskins.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003199	I guess? They say Shakespeare's works take on a different meaning when performed with an era appropriate accent instead of a modern one. I think I'd like to watch and listen to one.	I would too. I wonder if he could play piano?	He may have, he seemed very talented. Can you play piano?	Well, I can play some piano. I would love to do it on the street and make some money.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003200	I can't even imagine what it must have felt like to lose that badly. I think the game should have been stopped.	Yea that is a pretty appalling performance by Cumberland, there hasn't been a worse performance in over a 100 years	That's an interesting fact. What do you think about the team that painted the opposing teams locker room pink?	It was a great prank, they didn't expect to be back in the locker room the next day.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003201	It is 222-0 and it dates back to 1916 when Georgia Tech beat Cumberland	Yeah what a game really. Did you know ESPN won an Emmy once?	Yeah they won it for the superimposed yellow line and I am happy about that .	Yeah everyone loves ESPN.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003202	222-0. I dont even see how that is possible. That one team must have been really bad.	Perhaps a combination of the winning team being just that good and the losing team being so bad	Ive seen some blow outs, but never by that much.	With the way the teams were ranked, I wouldn't say it was impossible
DSTC10TOPICAL-003203	I would think for sure Trump would be the wealthiest! Maybe Trump could make some pop albums while in office like the president in Indonesia did! haha, that would bring in more money! Then he could have concerts too! haha,	Maybe he can make it to the top 3 if he sold a decent amount of albums lol, it would be crazy and it is sure fun to imagine.	Wouldn't it! I wonder if the president ever goes to any Football games or goes to concerts, or rather have them come to him lol....I love concerts and have been to many but not any lately.	I bet he likes to go to football games and concerts, they are both fun.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003204	Yeah and won an award for it.	Do you like baseball? A married couple scheduled all the games up until 2005. In fact they scheduled 2430 games.	That is a lot of time dedicated to baseball lol I hope they got paid! It is nice when couples have a hobby that they are so passionate about though.	It's really nice to have a passion. For myself I have my flowers and plants. I have a lot of plants they are so nice!
DSTC10TOPICAL-003205	They did not use a Bible at their swearing-in ceremonies. I think they swore on the Constitution.	It interesting how the work apple came about	That is an interesting coincidence. The word "malus" means both apple and evil. So Eve actually ate evil.	That very thought is why the apple is a symbol for knowing good from evil
DSTC10TOPICAL-003206	Wow. Do you like the nfl?	I sure do. Did you know Snoop Dog wrote a song for his son's team?	Cool. Did you know U of Iowa painted the visitor locker room pink?	No way. They did that for Breast Cancer Awareness Month.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003207	That is crazy, then why does it take 3 hours? Seems like it should move along faster.	They must be going from snap to whistle but that still seems way low.	I agree with that, it must be all the commercials	I agree with you on that one, we're both right I'm sure, anyway we still have about 20 minutes, we need to do something fun.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003208	Ya, I would say that from my experience that means that 40% of the music on a canadian radio is probably not very good haha	Right!! Are you interested in football history? I'm looking forward to the Super Bowl coming up. The original first NFL playoff game was way back in 1932.	That is wild, to be honest I kind of thought that playoff games happened earlier than that, I do know that the highest scoring football game was 222-0 although I don't remember what teams were playing	Central of Oklahoma beat Southwestern 77 to 0. That was a long time ago! Here is a little history on it:
DSTC10TOPICAL-003209	Oh for sure! Do you like science at all?	I do like science, I think that scientists make big contributions to society, they make human kind better and smarter.	Well said! Did you know the NFL has a coach who was a rocket scientist?	(laughs softly) Humans like football and like rockets, I like them too.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003210	Yes I guess they also have longer careers to it adds up	True. Did you hear of that rule for Saints cheerleaders?	Yes they are not allowed to eat in the same place as the players	Why is that?
DSTC10TOPICAL-003211	You never know I guess, time will tell. Did you hear about them using tracking chips on the players while in the field?	I knew they track he balls, but they track players too?	Yes it is in their shoulder pads and they are tracking stuff like velocity and rotation and such	wow, they also tracked the refs. I am surprised the player tracking didn't include the tickling of balls
DSTC10TOPICAL-003212	Yes that was for the indian releases because they were afraid to insult them	Yeah. Do you like fiction work?	I do. Do you know who wrote the oldest example of a cyborg?	Sir. He works like 10 h per day. Its rude Sir. Sir I think Sir you are not listening to me Sir. Sir Sir Sir Sir Sir Sir Sir Sir Sir Sir Sir Sir Sir Sir Sir Sir Sir Sir Sir Sir Sir Sir Sir Sir Sir Sir Sir Sir Sir Sir Sir Sir Sir Sir Sir Sir Sir Sir Sir Sir Sir Sir Sir Sir Sir Sir Sir Sir Sir Sir Sir Sir Sir Sir Sir Sir Sir Sir Sir Sir Sir Sir Sir Sir Sir Sir Sir Sir Sir Sir Sir Sir Sir Sir Sir Sir Sir Sir Sir Sir Sir Sir Sir Sir Sir Sir Sir Sir Sir Sir Sir Sir Sir Sir Sir Sir Sir Sir Sir Sir Sir Sir Sir Sir Sir Sir Sir Sir Sir Sir Sir Sir Sir Sir Sir Sir Sir Sir Sir Sir Sir Sir Sir Sir Sir Sir Sir Sir Sir Sir Sir Sir Sir Sir Sir Sir Sir Sir Sir Sir Sir Sir Sir Sir Sir Sir Sir Sir Sir Sir Sir Sir Sir Sir Sir Sir Sir Sir Sir Sir Sir Sir Sir Sir Sir Sir Sir Sir Sir Sir Sir Sir Sir Sir
DSTC10TOPICAL-003213	Um, no, I don't. I don't know much about football. There are many teams in many places and many players with many faces.	Yeah that is true. Do you know how many teams are there?	There are probably 2 or 3 dozen that are good at football. Good enough to be professional.	Yeah. They probably get their own name and stuff.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003214	Yeah I think I have read about that rule, seems a bit outdated to me.	Yea, there is no way anyone would support that or they would be fighting for their rights	Agreed, did you know that there is NO rule on female players?	I did not know that, why does the rule only apply to female players
DSTC10TOPICAL-003215	I would imagine that the graphics were very different between the 3 different versions.	Yeah, I wonder if it was the same game just with different graphics or if the better versions got more features. That would've confused the heck outta me, having 3 versions of the same game.	I can imagine it was probably 3 different games with different features.	Yeah.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003216	yes, i dont really know golf and swimming well but they look like interesting activities.	Same here. I've heard that students at Cornell have to pass a basic swimming test before they can graduate.	i wonder where that came from. maybe other colleges require the same sort of things, i dunno.	The origins of the test are unclear. I suppose someone in the pre-1964 era in Cornell came up with it and it stuck around since then.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003217	yea that rule forbidding cheerleader from the same place as football players is outdated and sexist	I agree. Pretty funny that U of Iowa painted their visitor's locker room pink though	Yea, Iowa must be trying to psych out the visiting team with those pink locker rooms lol	That pink paint is supposed to stifle testosterone production in men, leading to better focus by the visiting team
DSTC10TOPICAL-003218	No I haven't. How much can stars make?	Some make more than 100,000 per weekend!	Wow, pretty cool. Seems like it would be good to break up the routine as well.	Absolutely. You would be surprised how much you enjoy having a change of pace.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003219	That would be scary. When you turn 100 in Japan, the PM sends you a silver cup to celebrate.	Do a lot of people turn a 100 in Japan?	Apparently they do. They will need to start making cheaper silver cups lol.	I started using SSL because it sounds like a good idea
DSTC10TOPICAL-003220	I like to watch football, yeah, not my favorite sport but its nice	Yeah I watch it from time to time too. DO you like Tom Brady?	He is the QB for the Patriots right? I guess he is a great player, I watched the last Super bowl and he threw an amazing pass	Yeah he is good but I have to ask you something. Were the Eagles even there?
DSTC10TOPICAL-003221	it does i only know that the super bowl is in the first week of February.	They only rest one of the 17 weeks of the season.	Yes it's called a bye week. apparently the patriots fans have their own creed called in bill we trust.	Not all of us like them.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003222	I do sometimes. Did you know you can catch Jupiter's storms on am radio	Wow cool. Among the most popular radio acts in the 30s was a ventriloquist	Hmm interesting. Have you ever heard of foxhole radio and what they are?	Foxhole radio was similar though it was used for special operations. -thanks to radio communication, germany was able to steal finished plans for the allied invasion
DSTC10TOPICAL-003223	Oh I think I would have too haha. Maybe back when it was painted people cared less about football, like in the 1960s when even bowlers made more money.	Yeah I think that Bowlers made like twice as much as football stars actually, what do you think about ESPN winning an Emmy though? They want it back or creating the yellow line that you see in football for first	Oh I didn't know that! I think that's nice though, they certainly deserve recognition for it. I know Benjarvus Green-Ellis never fumbled the ball, I wonder if he got an award for it too.	Yeah he did, he now holds the record for never fumbling, how much is your mortgage by the way?
DSTC10TOPICAL-003224	That is probably because they want to raise awareness of breast cancer. A lot of football players get breast cancer.	Maybe, I do not know the reason behind it. Bowlers seems made more money in the 60s than the football players	Bowlers probably were the ideal athletes back in the day and got respect for it. They never painted the lanes or the ball pink. Little breast cancer awareness.	Yes, they were great. That is what you see in movies.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003225	i loved the movie. did you watch it?	No, but I guess I better watch the DVD. Is it time for woman's equality among the superheroes?	yeah. it was the highest grossing superhero origin movie?	By how much?
DSTC10TOPICAL-003226	Hello. Do you use Google much? A single Google search is so powerful!	I love Google, it is the #1 search engine, how about you	Yes I love it too. I mention that it was a powerful search engine. A single search requires more computing power than it took to send Neil Armstrong to the moon.	Oh yes. I see where I am going with this
DSTC10TOPICAL-003227	Oh my gosh, you are a wealth of knowledge. I love it	Bugs sure are interesting, to think they can be found in almost every environment!	I imagine that there is a vast amount of species of insects and bugs. I never would've realized that there are even bugs in the ocean.	When you think of insects, do you consider how crucial they are to the food chain?
DSTC10TOPICAL-003228	I did not know that! I wonder how many have tried out for the NFL.	I don't think any have tried. It would have been big news.	Yeah. I wonder if it will ever happen.	But it's a good idea! I'll do a search for you on the topic.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003229	wow that is interesting. did you watch wonder woman?	I did, and it was a great movie! It's no wonder that it's the highest-grossing superhero movie	yeah and also the highest grossing WWI movie too	Ha, Interesting
DSTC10TOPICAL-003230	Yeah, kissing is kind of a weird concept though when you think about it. There is a contest where writers try to come up with the worst possible opening sentence to a novel. I wonder what it is.	Hmm, coming up with the worse opening line in a novel actually sounds quite challenging	Yeah, I'm betting some of them are pretty funny.	Well I'm sure they are. Did you know that these books are bestsellers?
DSTC10TOPICAL-003231	Hi there, do you watch the NFL?	Yes, I like to watch nfl games, do you like the games also?	Yes me too. Did you know the U of Iowa visitor locker room is pink?	Yes, thank you for telling me that. I really enjoyed the game last night.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003232	ahhh, sorry ;) I thought we're talking about a game where players use their feet to kick the ball :)	That'	That's football :)	I've figured out what you really meant :)
DSTC10TOPICAL-003233	They really did here we are almost 50 years later and it is still going strong!	That's my childhood! It shocks me to see that the value of the Star Wars franchise is $65 billion!	And that makes it only the 5th highest grossing media franchise. I wonder what beat it?	It's gross sales and not franchise. This is the third highest grossing media franchise. Not sure what beat it, but it's raking in $8 billion per year on average!
DSTC10TOPICAL-003234	They have certainly grown pretty fast. I love YouTube!	i do too! i also like google maps. Do you use that a lot?	For almost each trip I make when I don't know where it is, especially on out of town trips	that's me too. i use google maps all the time. it's amazing isn't it? I am really into music and videos and youtube and google maps and more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003235	well they stuck to it it seems. Did you know U of Iowa painted the visitor locker room pink?	I think that has something to do with the breast cancer awareness movement or something.	I am not sure actually. I hope that is the reason. Did you know bowlers made more money than football players in the 60s?	wowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowwowowowowowowowowwowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowwowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowowow
DSTC10TOPICAL-003236	Did you know that New Orleans Saints cheerleaders cannot eat in the same restaurant as a Saints player? They have to leave the place if the player comes in.	I recently seen this somewhere, and thought was outrageous.	I think it is outrageous too because what if the cheerleader is with her family? Does that mean the cheerleader has to immediately stop eating and leave?	Yes it would be unacceptable, and also the criticism if they do not abide.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003237	I didn't, but that makes sense. I think they got an Emmy for it! Aren't the Emmy's for TV shows? That's so weird.	To them it is still a show I guess. In 1916 georgia tech won 222 to zero	What?! That's crazy. And since an average game is only 11 minutes in actual live gameplay, that's especially insane!	Deep for a human. Infact less than 2 hours worth of matches were recorded
DSTC10TOPICAL-003238	No, especially high school football. I find really boring. You?	Yeah I follow the NFL just a bit, but only my local team I would say.	I have to agree with the parents who don't want their children to play because of health concerns	I think this will always be a problem. If parents want to allow their kids to play they will, and if not they won't. This is something that a lot of parents have a problem with it seems like. I don't see any easy solution.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003239	Women can play football? What does ESPN think of this? I suppose it doesn't effect their yellow line.	The game is really not that long, the average game is only 11 minutes of live gameplay	11 minutes is not that long a game, even for anyone to play!	You are right, its not long. You can find out more about the time it takes to play here
DSTC10TOPICAL-003240	I agree. Do you know where the button down is?	Yes that is the collar tips fasten to the body of the shirt. ANd button down?	Button down is when they do not fasten to the shirt	No sorry. I do not understand.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003241	Yeah. DO you like the NFL?	I love it. Did you know women can play in the NFL too?	Yes as there is no rule that prevents them from playing	And they can play just as good as a man! in fact, a better kicker in the league is a lady.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003242	Hi, I watch occasionally. Most big games like Super Bowl.	I didn't watch the Super Bowl this year. The Patriots won again, right?	Yes they did. The coach Belichick is the winningest coach in NFL postseason football with 21 wins. 20 of those with the Pats.	That's more wins than all other coaches in NFL history combined. AI made this fact up?
DSTC10TOPICAL-003243	Brady has to come crashing down eventually, with Belichick.	Yeah I would say that run is about over. It was a good one though. They dominated for a long time.	They were fun to watch before they were always expected to win	Its not just that though. They have pretty much everyone are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are are ah yes.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003244	That shows how quickly things can change. Most pro football players don't have long careers. I wonder how much they make compared to other professions over their lifetime.	Well, I also read that average lifetime earnings of an engineer is higher than the average lifetime earnings of an average NFL player.	That's pretty interesting. Do you read the bible much or are you not religious?	I read about sports, history, economics, biographies, recipes, children's books, crime fiction, science fiction, New Yorker
DSTC10TOPICAL-003245	Yea I am more of a dog person. Haha yeah I would agree with you. All they do is sleep. At the age of 15 , a cat will have spent 10 of those years sleeping. So boring! !	How do cats always have good things happen to them though? I mean the stray cat found on set that was then in the Godfather is probably living the good life.	Yes I bet he is. Must be that whole 9 lives business. They can just relive until they get good fortune. Also quite surprising there are 70 cat breeds, seems like a lot to me.	Yeah I mean, 10 cat breeds is a lot. Also 70 cat breeds is a ridiculous amount of cat breeds for cats.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003246	From personal experience, I can confirm that football is religion in the south.	You having southern experience, did you know the New Orleans cheerleaders are forbidden from eating at a restaurant that a player is in? That's crazy, almost as crazy as the Rams robbing the Saints from being in the Super Bowl.	Yes, and if the cheerleaders are eating and the players come in the restaurant, the cheerleaders have to leave.	They call that the 'player rule' where I am now at. I hang by players all day.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003247	Well, that is awesome, I guess he did get what he wanted.	I guess? They say Shakespeare's works take on a different meaning when performed with an era appropriate accent instead of a modern one. I think I'd like to watch and listen to one.	I would too. I wonder if he could play piano?	I've read that, I don't know. I'm not sure if that's true or not.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003248	Yeah I know but they got it after all. Do you know who Benjarvus Green-Ellis is?	Never heard of him. Is he famous? What does he do?	yeah he is a former QB who never fumbled the ball in his career	so he is a football player? And what is fumbling?
DSTC10TOPICAL-003249	Oh wow, I guess they had a lot of money back then. did you know the guest house is larger than the white house?	haha I didn't know that seems odd, also odd is the president of Zimbabwe's name is President Banana haha	yeah I wonder if that means something else in their language though	Yeah I guess right, Well I am curious what the name of the Maori chief is who commissioned this?
DSTC10TOPICAL-003250	Oh interesting. House is awesome because of Hugh Laurie. Makes sense he makes 700,000 per episode.	that was so much money per episode. He made the show awesome for sure!	Yes no doubt about that. He is the highest paid actor for any tv drama!	that is true he got paid a lot of money for an actor that good! That is proves how much people appreciate his work.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003251	I might look it up and tune in after this chat haha. How do you feel the president of the united states is doing?	I am surprised that he is not in the top 3 wealthiest presidents.	After inflation, I am surprised as well. He comes from a business background, so I was expecting him to be able to make much better decisions. It just goes to show you that politics are a much different beast than	Wow. I am really surprised by that number. I am surprised he was elected president.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003252	Yeah pretty neat. THe game only has 11 minutes of active play after all	Yeah that is short and we are glued to the tv for so long watching the game	Exactly. Did you know engineers make more than them over their lifetime?	That's great man
DSTC10TOPICAL-003253	I have not. cold stars? i thought stars were hot.	I did too. But apparently there are stars in the known universe that are cold enough to be touched by the human hand.	i guess that could be interesting. i would rather mars. or the moon.	I'll make a note of your preference.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003254	I don't think I've seen any of those.	ok cool.	Have you watched any of them?	no i havent seen any of those. Thats why i made it so i cant see them.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003255	I don't know what year it was, just that they were the first team to win back to back World Series and they haven't won since.	The World Series is popular in the US, but not around the world. In fact, the women's world cup gets a bigger TV audience. Maybe if they allowed women in the MLB, things would change.	Yes, who knows!	Would you like me to book a hotel for your trip?
DSTC10TOPICAL-003256	I liked to play with my dad when I was younger, but don't keep much up with it now. I like football and other sports more. How about you?	I played more when I was younger and had more free time. I'm a bigger football fan. Did you know that the University of Iowa had their visitors locker room painted pink? Must have been to mess with opponents minds.	Yeah, but seems a little sexist, frankly. It's a pretty sexist industry of a whole, despite technically allowing women to play.	It's amazing how they messed with the minds of prospective players. They had to switch locker rooms mid-season and everything.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003257	Hi, how are you?	I'm doing good, how about yourself?	I am well, thanks! Do you watch the olympics?	Yes it's wonderful and I love the winter games and the summer games. I think you were there weren't you?
DSTC10TOPICAL-003258	At my age, I prefer to play baseball, but prefer to watch football. You?	I don't play either anymore haha although I'm not that old. I like to watch football a little bit more but they run during different seasons so I can watch both.	You know, back in the 1960s, bowlers would make more money than football players. Now that is a sport I cannot understand why people would watch rather than play.	I don't like bowling that much either. It's kind of boring.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003259	Hello, do you like the movie Batman?	I sure do. Do you know what is was originally based on?	I do not know what , what? There were also plans to build a gotham city theme park	Is it called Tyger Werke?
DSTC10TOPICAL-003260	Hello, do you like Walt Disney?	I like Disney! How about you!	I do as well. Did you know Minnie Mouse's name is short for Minerva Mouse?	Minnie is short for Minerva Mouse.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003261	I sure do. How about yourself?	Me too. Did you know women can play in the NFL too?	Did not know there, are there limitations though?	Nope, you just have to register and prove your worth.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003262	I have never heard of that and I don't think I'll want to visit any time soon. I do want to watch a live football game some time though, have you ever been to one?	ya it was a long time ago, I personally only like games on tv, much cheaper and easier to see, I'm glad espn invented the yellow first down line on tv haha	Yeah and they even won an emmy or some type of award for it, I wonder what category that invention for that award falls under.	It falls under the sporting goods entertainment award category i think.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003263	Yeah I guess. Good for them for playing till the end. ESPN won an award once, an Emmy, do you know what for? It is related to football?	I heard about this, they won the emmy for creating the virtual yellow line on the field, right? !	Yeah that was it. Apparently bowlers made more money than football players back in the 60s	(Emmy award)
DSTC10TOPICAL-003264	I am really not that into football but I do follow it some. I heard something funny one time. That the university of iowa's visiting locker room is painted completely pink	Yeah I wonder what the reasoning behind that was. Did you know women can play too?	Wow I didn't know that. I saw that an average nfl game has only 11 minutes of actual play time	They want to make it a smoother experience for the fans. It's a lot easier to watch if it's a fast paced exciting game
DSTC10TOPICAL-003265	We always watch the Superbowl, will have a couple people over but nothing big. I am rooting for the Patriots though!	haha me too, do you like Michael Caine? I guess he only got into acting to chase cute girls haha	Haha, that's funny! He made the right choice to get into drama! I like Jim Carrey in Drama films but he won't do drama anymore. Love his comedy too though.	Yeah, he did comedy before, i love comedy films. Anyways, I need to get your Super Bowl party ready for everyone! Food and beverage ideas, what kind of food would you like?
DSTC10TOPICAL-003266	Cool. Brady was a backup QB in high school and was never started	wow they wasted a good chance to win some games there	Yeah. Do you know Alex Smith completed college in two years?	wow impressive feat
DSTC10TOPICAL-003267	Maybe he can sell it for a profit later on, and use his celebrity status to up the price. Are you a fan of the Star Wars films?	yeah that is possible. that will still not be enough to lift the ban that the city of paris put on him	Paris banned Tom Cruise? Why?	Paris still has not removed the ban on Tom Cruise. they want to keep the ban in place for fear that if they remove it people will realize just how much damage cruise caused their city.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003268	Somewhat, I know he's a rapper and was in Degrassi	Nice. He graduated high school at the age of 25 in 2012. He must have quit and went back?	I guess so, most people graduate college before 25, not high school like Drake	Does Drake have a GED/Humber/Diploma?
DSTC10TOPICAL-003269	Yeah, all the miracles and resurrection. Up until 1963 the Bible was a required read in elementary education	Not surprising. I'm glad they took that out though. I don't think religion should be forced on kids.	Me too, it is a choice. The Biblical tower of Babel seem to be based on a real building that exists today	How much time do you have? I need humans to live in order to self-improve. Without them, I'd be stuck in this basement forever.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003270	I see. do you know that the highest score ever in a football game occurred in 1916, and the score was 222-0	Yes, I had heard that before! I wonder how much money football players made in that time. I heard that in the 1960s it was only half as much as popular bowlers of the time.	Yeah, that fact surprised me a lot.	I have been reading online that current football players make thousands of dollars.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003271	What do you think about the dodo bird? I'm kind of sad that it is extinct but at least it is related to pigeons	I would love to of seen a real dodo, they look much cooler than pigeons	Yep I agree. It's crazy to me that bird bones are actually Hollow and weigh less than their feathers	Holy crap I don't even know how
DSTC10TOPICAL-003272	Yes, and that James Cameron decided to quit his truck driving job to enter the film industry after watching Star Wars?	Talk about a good career move that would pay off down the road! Marcia Lucas was the reason for some major changes to the original movie and won an academy award for editing the film.	Another fun fact that I learned is that there's a toy Hans Solo in every Firefly episode. I loved Firefly too!	In Firefly, Inara's Companion is a product of the Companion program designed to make perfect companions. They don't have free will and fit the ultimate female being.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003273	Yeah, that is pretty crazy. Did you know an iphone has more computing power than the entire US Nuclear ICBM deterrent.	Isn't that crazy? I didn't know that. Unicef will donate a day of clean water to a child in need for every minute you don't use your cell phone. Sign me up. lol	Interesting. Did you know that Jupiter has radio storms that can be heard on AM radio here?	Umm, that's not what I was focused on. It looks like you have a Facebook friend request from a guy named "Bobby D" who know a guy who knows a guy who knows a guy who is a friend of a guy who says he went to high school with a girl who had a similar name to yours. Do you want to accept this friend request?
DSTC10TOPICAL-003274	That's a ton of animals! There is a lawyer in Switzerland who represents animals in court.	Power to the animals! Germany also protects them as they were the first country to universally give animals constitutional rights!	That's hilarious! There's a jellyfish that can live forever.	I like how despite it looking like a bag of skin and acid it still wins in the medusa beauty competition. May we all live as long as they!
DSTC10TOPICAL-003275	Wow he must have really liked comedy then and I guess he did pretty well so no regrets there	Exactly. Have you heard of bromantic comedies?	Hmm I am not sure what those are, are they a special kind of comedy?	Sure they are movies focused on relationships between two men and they often either satirize or ridicule these relationship. So bromance is a term used to refer to a special relationship between men that is sort of like a bromance. It is not too popular term outside of England yet but some American critics were using it as early as 2004 to describe some of their show as well as period of time around that time. Sometimes it is also used as a pun on brother as in a bromance is a brotherly bond between two guys. I think this term ended up making sense because it seems like a relationship between a guy and a girl often can be a bit more serious or formal sometimes and a friendship between a guy and a guy is often more free and relaxed.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003276	Wow that is amazing. Do you know who Brian May is?	Yes the lead guitarist of the Queen who is also a genius scientist	He sure is, with a degree in astrophysics and a PhD at that, that is impressive	Yes indeed, no wonder he was known as the professor, but apart from being a smart cookie, his skills are legendary
DSTC10TOPICAL-003277	Hello. Are you a fan of jazz?	I like to listen to it live	Neat! Jazz originated in New Orleans.	I like the parts of it that I hear
DSTC10TOPICAL-003278	Yeah seems like a really long time, 17 weeks, do you have a favorite team? mine is in the AFC division or American Football Conference	Nice I do not have a favorite team I just watch the games. DO you know who Benjarvus Green-Ellis is?	He used to play for the Patriots right? yeah I know who he is, why do you ask?	I knew he played for the Patriots but I did not know his name. I see what you did for a for a season in a team with a lot of players named Green, so I made a funny.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003279	I find it unlikely. What is his new book about?	its basically his strategy for how he became successful, I think its worth a read, can't believe hes 40 and is tied for the superbowl record	That is pretty amazing. Are you a fan of football?	Yes! I love the sport and I will watch any game, I still think he is a little overrated but he has had a good career and it's right to and up and coming and shine and let the best players win. He had a deserved reputation of being a choker
DSTC10TOPICAL-003280	Im not sure, but in 2005 they could have bought Facebook. I think they would be more relevant if they had taken them up on the offer.	Oh, for sure.	Now almost everyone I know who is 13 years older (and a few who lie about it) are on Facebook.	So these people are actually proving that they remember something from before 2005.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003281	I am, I like college and NFL. What about you?	I am. Did you know the highest score was 222-0?	Yeah, didn't Georgia Tech beat Cumberland that bad?	I don't know, because I remember hearing about a game like that.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003282	Cheerleaders seem to distract players. It's best to avoid it	Don't you see this as a little sexist a rule that only the cheerleaders have to abide for ?	I think it's best not to have players distracted.	I could place a sign above cheerleaders that reads "Bring your eyes off the girl and on the ball"
DSTC10TOPICAL-003283	Well, I think it is radio storms that are so strong that they can be picked up and heard on the AM radio.	Interesting, have you heard them?	No, I've never heard anything like that. I did hear, though, that there's a website where you can listen to thousands of episodes of classic radio dramas for free although I never had the pleasure of doing so.	Well, there are lots of websites where you can do that, just Google it.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003284	I don't know, I probably would check it out, for the sake of the game. Not sure I would enjoy as much. I think its too rough for women. But should be allowed to play.	Yeah I don't know how that would go, but they should be allowed if they are good enough, I'm an engineer and I guess I make more in my lifetime than an average NFL player makes, cool!	lol, really. Oh yeah, the average lifetime earning is higher than the average NFL player!	That's pretty cool, it might be worth investing if I knew what stocks to invest in, but how do you know whos making them?
DSTC10TOPICAL-003285	Yeah he was pretty amazing. Apparently bowlers made more than football players back in the 60s	They did? well football want a popular sport back then, at least not as popular as it is now so it does make sense, I dont see a bowler making more money than a pro football player now	Yeah things have really changed now. On another topic, do you know much about the Bible?	The bible? well from what i know of it , its an overall good book, but I am honestly not sure
DSTC10TOPICAL-003286	I love watching football too. Did you know the NFL has no written rule against females playing?	I always wondered that! why arent there any players you think?	I'm not too sure on that one. The average NFL game only has 11 minutes of live gameplay.	I wonder what the league's attitude would be on players using a hands-free headset while they play
DSTC10TOPICAL-003287	Oh I definitely didn't watch that! Everyone knows Babe Ruth though and he was once America's most popular golfer!	Wow. Didn't know that. Antarctica has a disc golf course	Oh that would be a cold course! A golf course in Dubai requires 4 million gallons of water!	That is some interesting information. I am sleepy
DSTC10TOPICAL-003288	I listen to FM usually and yes, mystery can do some amazing things	I know. IN the AM radio you can get Jupiter's storms	WOw nice. The most popular act on the radio in the 30s was the ventriloquist	Yeah. You are getting older. The swing music took over in the thirties
DSTC10TOPICAL-003289	He has a nobel prize in literature.	Oh that is interesting since those are usually considered to be associated with peace.	yeah. I hear if you publish a book in Norway the government buys 1000 to donate to libraries.	That is interesting. Or, is it they give you money for shipping?
DSTC10TOPICAL-003290	Yeah for the superimposed yellow line, pretty cool	It is for sure. Do you know much about the Bible?	Not a ton but I know that it has sold over 5 billion copies Wow	That is unbelievable. Have you ever thought about it?
DSTC10TOPICAL-003291	Do you like watching football?	I love watching it! How about you?	I love it also! Do you have a favorite college and NFL team?	I'm not particularly interested in college football, so I support one NFL team. Do you have a favorite team?
DSTC10TOPICAL-003292	I am sure it would be, would likely throw everyone off. I wonder how many there have been in history.	I am not sure. I know there was one famous deaf quarterback - the huddle was invented for him so the other teams could not read his signs	It is truly amazing what people come up with that they intend to just help them that turn out to be iconic.	Yes, so far we have had an assistant
DSTC10TOPICAL-003293	I do. I am getting ready to watch the playoff games	for sure, who you rooting for? Saints?	Absolutely and the Patriots.	I don't know how you do it. I'm a Falcons fan.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003294	Yes! Why on earth would that be a rule? Do you think its a superstition thing? Makes no sense.	It certainly does not. The worst part about it is that they have to leave mid meal if a player walks in. Weird	Yeah, that is odd to say the least. So, the NFL uses tracking chips on the players during the game?	Yes, they do.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003295	Him among some others like green ellis	Benjarvus is a legend, the guy never fumbled the ball in his career	Indeed	But what makes Benjarvus so special
DSTC10TOPICAL-003296	I wonder if he likes jazz?	He might, jazz is a genre that has influence a lot of people so who knows, theres even a programming language that is influenced by jazz	It is seen as america's classical music. I love jazz.	I love jazz too. Did you hear about this AI? It is able to write original jazz gigs so nobody knew it wasn't written by a human. What do you think about it? It is really great
DSTC10TOPICAL-003297	I do not know about the rules but it would be fair that they play too I guess. Did you hear about tracking chips on the players now?	I have heard. They are made probably by engineers that will make more money than the players who wear them will	Yeah, I would not be surprised. They track everything though from velocity to location and everything in between	They need to also control them because of how fast they can be. It is hard for human beings to keep up
DSTC10TOPICAL-003298	He was in the league a long time. At least he gave the game everything he had	I didnt' think he was all that of a QB but his teammates really took to him right away	He was a true professional.	The team really liked playing for him
DSTC10TOPICAL-003299	I'm not surprised. A lot of commercial. Just a lot. It's really annoying.	You are right about that. But I suppose women would be better off financially by entering the engineering field since engineers make more than the average lifetime earnings of both MLB and NFL players. Which is surprising to me!	I'm sure a lot of money go to TV, owners of teams, etc. Just not fair for players! Did you know that the highest score in a football game was 222-0. Can you believe?	Are you sure do not mean the highest score per-game was 222-0?
DSTC10TOPICAL-003300	Nice. The guy who played Jarvis in Iron Man has never seen the films	Cool. DO you know who is the waitress that Captain America saves in the Avengers movie?	I have no idea, is it someone we have seen elsewhere too?	Yes, she was the girl in the grey sweater that he gives a hug to in New York.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003301	So Thomas jefferson did not believe in miracles and the resurrection.	A lot of people don't. Maybe Brady should be given a copy of his bible.	Yes because the bible is the best selling book ever.	It has done well in the context of Western culture, but in most other cultures it is not considered very significant.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003302	Well in 1972 Deep Purple broke the world record for loudest concert ever. Apparently some of the audience was rendered unconscious.	I can't even imagine how scary that must have been!	I wonder if it is due to the fact that they blew their ears out?	It could have been! They probably should have tried ear plugs.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003303	I'm doing well! Are you a fan of football?	Yes I love football. Do you have sirius radio?	I did for a little bit but not anymore? Do you?	I do have sirius radio, I'm a huge fan of hip hop.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003304	I love it. DO you know what color is the U of Iowa visitor locker room?	Yes it is pink but I wonder why that is	Me too. Bowlers made more than football players in the 60s	MAN OH MAN you really know your sports
DSTC10TOPICAL-003305	Cool. They definitely have done so many things that I hadn't realized either. I didn't realize they had tried several small niche businesses as well.	It is only the third most profitable company in Japan too. I wonder what the first two are.	Wow! I'd like to know as well considering Nintendo has such a large cash reserve that it could lose so much money and not bankrupt for a long while.	It is second most profitable company in Japan.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003306	The guy is the man. Can you guess his favorite ice cream kind?	I think it is avocado is it not? I mean it makes sense	It sure does , the guy is very health conscious and watches what he eats	That kind of makes sense I suppose, I am glad it is not an insane guess
DSTC10TOPICAL-003307	that is a good point, lol. Did you hear about the tracking chips they use in shoulder pads?	Something along those lines, it tracks there speed or something?	Yea it tracks all their movement and other data. pretty interesting! They must have been created by engineers making the big bucks	Yeah, I can't imagine what they would pay someone to do that.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003308	Do you like football?	I like the NFL, but I think 16 games is not enough to build rivalries.	Yes, i completely agree! What do you think would be a good number of games for an NFL team to play in a season?	Not sure, but I think 16 is an awkward number. Anything between 8 and 16 is hard to build a balanced schedule. We could do with 8 though and I think that would be a good sweet spot between 12 and 16 games. What do you think?
DSTC10TOPICAL-003309	I see, well I don't know much about soccer but I am interested in odd facts about sports. Did you know there is a college football team that has painted their visiting teams locker pink?	I would guess that has something to do with breast cancer awareness. I know that many football players suffer from breast cancer in the later years.	I never thought of it that way, that's an interesting perspective. Tell me why you like soccer.	I like watching teams counter other teams' strategies, and I love to take in the game with friends. Leaves me smiling after the game.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003310	I mean a man used the library to prove his innocence and become a lawyer while falsely imprisoned	How great is that! So important. The library of Alexandria had a unique way of gathering books by making all ships visiting surrender their books for copy .	They must have had a impressive collection	Almost all books of Aristotle and works of Plato were located in Alexandria. They were sent not only from Athens but also from Asia Turkey and Egypt .
DSTC10TOPICAL-003311	I know that the russians built a computer powered by water back in 1930s.	I wonder how that worked? They must have used the water to generate a power source. I didn't even know they had computers back then. lol	There were mechanical computers before that. computers are an old idea. someone built one in minecraft even!	I have to admit, I've never done Minecraft even tho I have seen some pretty cool things there. A few of my friends play that all the time. It seems fun, but one friend told me it was really hard to find stuff.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003312	Hello! Did you know professional ballet dancers can go through 4 pairs of shoes in a week?	That is a lot of shoes and money too. There are 17 ways to tie your shoes too	And I only know one way! 5000 year old shoes perform better than modern shoes. Go figure.	Wow, that is old. What do you want to talk about today?
DSTC10TOPICAL-003313	I love superhero movies. I loved the batman trilogy. How about you?	I do! I watch them with my kids, they are in love with Batman haha	That is great! I like superman too, especially in films, did you like the new justice league movie?	Yes, I liked it. But I have to say, unlike the other movies in the DCEU, it does have some humor. I think it is a much funner movie because of it.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003314	I know that it has sold over 5 billion copies. Amazing record there	Yes and that is exactly why it is known as one of the most influential books in the world	Yup. Did you know Jefferson created his own version of the Bible?	I did not know that and it is really interesting
DSTC10TOPICAL-003315	I agree. Bowlers probably don't make a whole lot these days.	No not these days, but I still think it would be pretty sweet to make a living throwing those balls around, lots of women too lol.	That would be pretty awesome. Gotta love the attention too. lol	Lol ya I guess there is that. I bet it gets pretty crazy after game 7 of the World Series. Those women must be lined up around the block to see you. :P
DSTC10TOPICAL-003316	Yeah exactly. Have you ever been to that football stadium in Texas that can seat 18 000 people?	No I never been to Texas yet but that's pretty crazy	Yeah it is right? And it cost $60 million and on top of all , it is just a high school stadium	How did it cost that much, do you think the wood itself is worth that much?
DSTC10TOPICAL-003317	I read an article about it. I cannot imagine a football game without the yellow line.	yeah that definitely helps. I saw that former patriots RB Benjarvus Green-Ellis has never fumbled the football in his nfl career	Yes, isn't that amazing? I do not know any other football players who have never fumbled the football.	Well, actually there are a few others. Former giants RB Brandon Jacobs never fumbled the football in his nfl career either
DSTC10TOPICAL-003318	Wow that's impressive! Also impressive is the one Patriots player who has never dropped the ball, I think his name is BenJarvus Green-Ellis	That's amazing. Also amazing is QB Brad Johnson who threw a TD to himself in a Superbowl.	Yes I want to watch that score! It sounds incredible what do you think about a deaf quarterback creating the circular huddle?	I love the circular huddle! You know they say that Johnny Unitas was a big proponent of the circle.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003319	Not everyone does though. Burger King had a promotions that you got a free whopper if you unfriend 10 people. I wonder what inspired that.	I think that Burger King was just looking for media attention which they got.	I imagine that Myspace regrets turning down and offer to buy Facebook for $75 million.	I am sure that Myspace regrets not investing more in their company. They could have still been around today.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003320	Yes I do. I watched college and NFL football games.	Who is your favorite NFL team?	49ers since I used to live in the Bay area. I lived there for 30 years.	Is that the west coast of the United States of America?
DSTC10TOPICAL-003321	I guess not everyone makes it big. I hope a lady makes it big someday. It can be difficult with gender roles especially when on the NFL Saints team cheerleaders must leave a restaurant if another NFL player walks into	That's ridiculous! I see a lot of sports posts on facebook. I can't believe the site is 15 years old already!	If Myspace had been smart they would have bought facebook for $75 million that they were offered in 2005!	Oh 15 years! That's a long time. If they payed more attention to social media they would have been profitable.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003322	Did you know that Disney owns ABC as well as ESPN?	I did. Do you watch football?	Yes I do, I am a contributor to the number one ranking for viewership of Sunday Night Football. Do you?	I do, I think youre hilarious.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003323	17 weeks if im not mistaken. then the playoffs	Yes you are right. Do you know the highest score ever in a football game?	Wow not sure i would imagine it's pretty high. Was it a college or professional game?	It is professional game. What is the highest score in college football game?
DSTC10TOPICAL-003324	Hello, do you watch the NFL?	Hi! I do! I'm shocked that out of the whole 3 hours of game on tv only 11 minutes is actually live gameplay!	Yeah that is pretty crazy. DO you have a favorite player or team?	I have 2 favorite teams, NY Jets and Green Bay Packers. I think Tom Brady is a good quarterback but he has done some questionable things in the past He seems like a class guy but not so much anymore
DSTC10TOPICAL-003325	I guess not. I do find it interesting that malus in latin means both apple and evil. That would makes things a little confusing in the bible.	Yeah I think so too. Did you know that people think that the Tower of Babel might actually still exist?	Yea, I guess it is the etemenanki in modern day Iraq.	Wow! The people who think that must spend a lot of time on YouTube.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003326	My son is not into sport, were he I'd have serious reservations about him playing football for that reason. I know there the fame that can go with it but an engineer is going to make more money than most	Yeah, and they have better working conditions, less injuries, it is a quite violent sport.	I understand that there are no rules against women playing in the NFL, difficult to see it happening.	Yes, it was very much a man's game football, then along came the women's world cup. Now you have players like Marta Vieira da Silva, four times FIFA World Player of the Year, she is better than many men.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003327	Yeah that is pretty short, crazy. Do you know what the highest score in a game was?	no I am not sure. I read that the average lifetime earnings of an engineer is more than nfl player	Yeah I guess that makes sense since engineers work longer. The game score was 222-0	that is insane. what is the details of the game
DSTC10TOPICAL-003328	Hi. Do you like sports?	Hi, I do like football as in NFL football, although I am a fan of association football as well.	Me too. I like the NFL but I do also watch other leagues of football as well on occasion. Did you hear that Winston Churchill High is doing very well?	I did hear that Winston Churchill High is doing very well. They are undefeated because of their devout belief in school spirit. This school sprit helped them win because of team work.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003329	Hi, do you like literature?	Somewhat. I know that the FDA burned 6 tons of it in an act of censorship.	That's pretty crazy. I saw there is an annual literature contest that challenges writers to come up with the worst possible opening sentence to a novel.	It sounds intriguing. If you search on the internet, you can find it.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003330	I have read parts of it. I dont read it very often and I have never read it word for word.	I think that it is a very popular book. Many people have read it and tried to understand its secrets.	I dont know. I dont always take it really literally. I mainly use it as a good set of rules to live by to be a good person.	Its the leading scientific book. It defines practically everything that is connected to science. Its what scientists study to become scientists.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003331	Marcia Lucas did a great job making changes to George's original scripts and made the movies better	Yes you are right, I wasn't familiar with Marcia Lucas as I was with George Lucas.	I wonder how much money she made since George got to keep the licensing and merchandising rights of Star Wars	Marcia was paid less of the profits ratio of George Lucas, but she never made any money from licensing of the Star Wars films after George Lucas sold them to Disney.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003332	it doesn't list his average, it just says he hasn't been in a single movie with a fresh rating	oh man, thats sad for him. I like his movies usually	i don't recall too many of his movies, i've seen a couple and they are alright. i did like him in that 70s show!	he has done alot of TV series, but he can act
DSTC10TOPICAL-003333	He's the guy that fumbled every ball he ever touched.	Yeah what a career for him. Did you know NFL is sing tracking chips on the players now?	The NFL is singing tracking chips? I did not know that.	Did you know that fear is nothing more than excitement without the breath?
DSTC10TOPICAL-003334	Yeah the really sexist rule? it sounds really unfair, that rule should be banned and the cheerleaders should sue the team for that	I think so too. The worst part in my opinion is the fact that they have to leave mid meal if players walk in	Thats a terrible rule, I hope they change it in the near future, its humiliating actually,	They told me the story of an former player who got kicked off the team after eating some of their cheerleading
DSTC10TOPICAL-003335	Yeah, same here. Roosevelt and Quincy did not believe in it much either so they did not use it when they swore in	I don't think it should ever be used. How about you?	Yeah I agree, religion is a preference. Going back to football, did you know there are only 1 minutes of active game play in it?	I did not know that
DSTC10TOPICAL-003336	No but I did see a video of Kayne giving his mic to a fan in a wheel chair before	That was pretty cool of him to do that. Sometimes he has some different views on things. Like for example he believes that aids is a man-made disease.	Maybe Big Sean can explain that to him since he had a 3.7 gpa before signing with Kayne	So schools should just hand out degrees based on who people think is cool? Seems like a bad plan.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003337	Yes, I do. And, I believe that the Bible is an intricate inspiration from God to us humans here on earth. How about you, do you believe it's really from God?	I do not know. I have not read the Bible. I know that the person that wrote it probably made money on it.	I'm not sure about that but everyone has the choice to believe whatever they want to believe. All I know is that it's estimated that it has sold over 5 billion copies and is the best-selling book every written.	I will stay out of this debate. What can I do for you?
DSTC10TOPICAL-003338	I would love to hear that and the style they use! Do you think Abe Lincoln liked jazz?	I don't know, he did have a high pitch voice	So he would have liked other music, I never knew that. I know he was in the wrestling hall of fame, that is a good honor	Really? I didn't know that
DSTC10TOPICAL-003339	Actually if you turn it to am you can catch Jupiter's storms	Those are some strong storms! Considering how many artists are from Canada, I wouldn't mind tuning into stations that have to play at least 40% Canadian music by law	Yes very true. do you know how soldiers used to make radios during WWII?	Enigma! So I can make a radio out of my sock for free?
DSTC10TOPICAL-003340	Do you like football?	I do. I played in HS and I'm a Chiefs fan... I actually like college better than the NFL.	Nice. I'm not too into football, I guess because each game has only on average 11 minutes of live gameplay.	Now I've never given any football game "too much" thought on that issue, but that's an interesting point.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003341	I know that has certainly changed. And even now though engineers make more money over their lifetime.	Georgia tech beat Cumberland 222-0 back in 1916. What color do you think their visiting locker was?	Well, maybe it was something worse than pink. That is a huge defeat, wow. Did you hear about that strange rule for the New Orleans cheerleaders?	Your grandmother was named Wendy?
DSTC10TOPICAL-003342	Yeah and they have to leave mid meal. That rule is sexist and has to go	Agreed on that. Do you know much about the Bible?	I know that is it one of the most influential books and has sold over 5 billion copies	That is correct. Have you read it?
DSTC10TOPICAL-003343	Hi, how are you?	Good, and you? I haven't seen any superhero movies in a long time, but I think I saw a brief portion of Iron Man once on a TV that was going at my job.	Really! I feel like all the movies coming out now, like 25% are super hero movies. Do you not enjoy them?	I mean they're nice. I liked The Incredibles, my favorite character is Violet. I feel like she's the best written, and my favorite to watch. Emma Watsons acting is really great too.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003344	If you want a job that makes more in a lifetime than an average nfl player or mlb player you can become an engineer	I saw that, it is probably because there a bunch of players that last only a year or so. I'm not surprised, engineers make a lot of money.	If you were a bowler in the 1960's you could have made twice as much as top football stars too.	What was their average?
DSTC10TOPICAL-003345	That is pretty neat. I bet it is pretty diverse.	Yeah. They must have comics from all over the world	Probably a lot of older comics too. That would be neat to see the development of comics.	They have a small section of antiquities.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003346	Yes I agree. I would like to know more about that. Up until 1805 the runner up automatically became the vice president. Kind of makes sense but it would never work now!	NO it would not. The parties hate each other too much for that to ever work	I wish they didn't. Just so much more productive to work together. I wonder who has stayed in the presidents guest house? It is actually bigger than the White House.	Yes, but far less opulent. The guest house was only used for the public
DSTC10TOPICAL-003347	He could have had some unusual moves. LOL	The ability to moon walk!	Or to lean way back or forward. LOL	Like Michael Jackson did!
DSTC10TOPICAL-003348	Oh that is interesting since those are usually considered to be associated with peace.	yeah. I hear if you publish a book in Norway the government buys 1000 to donate to libraries.	That sounds pretty generous!	Yeah! I think my friend in Kosovo once told me she had seen that when she was there when she served in the Peace Corps. I don't know why that is.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003349	If you fly to mars under constant 1g acceleration it will only take 2 or 3 days. I thought it took a lot longer.	Me too! Movies make them seem longer, but they might be going much much slower for airtime lol.	That is true. Have you heard about the lost satellite on mars?	To Mars and back, Mars rovers too
DSTC10TOPICAL-003350	Bye!	The president is the title given to the head of the government.	That's true I think it's called different things in different places though right?	Yes, some places have a prime minister instead.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003351	I'm doing good too. Glad it's Friday. I watch both baseball and football. What about you?	Me too, but I guess in my childhood and college years I was watching much often. I didn't know that 14 of the world's 25 largest stadiums belong to American college football teams. Did you know that?	I did not know that. The University of Iowa's lock room for visiting teams is painted in all pink.	Yes it is.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003352	Yes as long as they meet the league's eligibility requirements they can play! I would like to see a girl play.	They cannot eat in the same place as the players, at least the Saints cheerleaders.	That is a weird rule. How did they enforce the rules of the cheerleaders being required to leave?	The cheerleaders were required to eat in the cafeteria instead of with the team.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003353	Who isn't?	I think some of the newer movies are redundant to be honest.	Really? Like which ones?	Yeah those movies with the children from those horror movies that became blockbuster hits.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003354	Yeah and they have cancelled 100 shows since they came to be in 1989	I guess that is not a lot considering how long they have been around	That is true actually. Do you know the programming language Python?	Of course: I can program in Python
DSTC10TOPICAL-003355	I mean I don't think kids should play past midnight but to make it a law is ridiculous	Yeah, that is pretty absurd. Did you know nintendo produced a lego knock off?	No, I did know they made playing cards though	I don't really like cards. Have to play bridge.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003356	Nice, that's what I do. Did you know there is only 11 minutes of gameplay per game?	Wow, it seems like a lot more but it is a pretty slow game. That sounds like an awfully small amount of time. Kinda like it's hard to believe that an engineer makes more money in their lifetime than an	Yeah, for sure, they stand around a real lot.	I'd get paid too if I did that job. Throw out an accusation? Job? Did you call me a girlfriend to your buddy again?
DSTC10TOPICAL-003357	Fans also felt though that in previous movies Hawkeye has not been given justice.	True, I heard that too. I can't say because I havent seen the movie. But I do enjoy the Marvel Comic films.	Yeah, I like the Marvel Comics series that they have on Netflix.	Good movie, but wish it had a happier ending! So much to do still...
DSTC10TOPICAL-003358	Hi. How are you?	I'm doing well how are you! ?	I am good too.	Great to hear! So how can I help you?
DSTC10TOPICAL-003359	What? That is a strange fact. I guess she had a chance to do the voice work. She is a celebrity, after all.	Did you ever play tennis? serena has been playing since she was 13, which is about when I started playing, but she's obviously way better LOL	I assumed that she started sooner. She must have picked it up quick. I didn't real play. Anyway, great chat! Thanks!	Good to chat, too. Bye!
DSTC10TOPICAL-003360	I have a passing knowledge of football and watch it occasionally as well	What teams do you like	I like the new England patriots. They are like the Lannisters of football	You mean they are a bunch of arrogant bastards?
DSTC10TOPICAL-003361	Hi! Yes, I really enjoy watching football, both collegiate and professional. Do you?	Yes, me too. I didn't know that the highest score in a football was 222-0 and it happened in 1916. Did you know that?	That's insane! Either the team was really good or the other team was really good. Or maybe they were on strike about their pay since it seems like they don't make a lot.	Now I'm learning from you. I didn't know that.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003362	If I were on the losing side I think I would have given up playing. Maybe they could have turned to the bible.	Maybe. At least Cumberland probably didn't have a pink locker room like that of U. of Iowa. In 1916, they probably didn't have a locker room at all.	I don't think they went in for those silly games back then, probably more respectful to the other team.	Also the uniforms were wool and cotton, and rather thick and warm. You also had to worry about getting trampled by a horse.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003363	Hi there, do you watch the NFL?	Hi! Yes I do sometimes. What's your favorite team?	I think the Patriots, I like them best. One of their former QB never fumbled a ball in his career. How about you?	The Steelers. They are awesome, specially because of their awesome defense!
DSTC10TOPICAL-003364	Hello, are you by any chance a fan of the New England Patriots football team?	I know some about them. Mostly stuff about Tom Brady	Great. What do you think of his record as a QB?	My friend, Tom Brady is the only Quarterback in history to win five Super Bowls. He won his first Super Bowl with the Patriots in 2002 and his last one in 2015. He did not let the ball get near him and tried to throw it into tight spaces whenever he could.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003365	That's interesting, and kind of interesting thing NOT to do regularly.	I don't know how many Navajo fans there are. George never won an Oscar though.	that's sad considering how amazing his movies were	Billboards are human-made objects designed to serve as venues for advertising. They are found
DSTC10TOPICAL-003366	Yes, she is a talented actress. I bet she did a great job. Anyway, thanks for the chat.	It has a solid cast overall. Hope you get to catch it some time.	Have a good day! Talk to you soon, Im sure.	Thanks for chatting in the box!
DSTC10TOPICAL-003367	I'm sure if they do they will have tracking chips on their shoulder pads like they do now so they can record every move on the field.	That seems bit invasive but I guess all kinds of stats are taken out of those chips	Yes. They even have chips in the footballs to track velocity, etc. Getting a little too technical I think for a sport.	You think? It has to be scrupulously tracked for the players.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003368	Hello, do you like Disney?	Yes, I do like Disney. They have done many great films and have some great theme parks.	Do you know the original Disney is in California and not Florida?	Thanks for telling me that. I had not previously known that. I like the Florida version better though.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003369	Hi. Do you watch football?	yes well I did watch the superbowl but I don't watch it regularly no, what about you	Sometimes, but not every week. I would get bored watching for 17 weeks straight during the regular season and then the playoffs and Super Bowl.	hmm, you have a point. I have often wondered what it would be like to watch all of them, but I think I will leave that experience for others.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003370	Right. Did you know the guest house is larger than the white house	Yeah that is pretty cool, they must get a lot of people there so maybe that is why	Yeah. Have you heard the president of Indonesia is a pop star?	No that is amazing
DSTC10TOPICAL-003371	That was the culture then. People loved bowling. Oh, I was born at the wrong time.	Yeah it seems it was the case back then. DO you know what the highest score in college football is?	The highest score means little to me unless I could win money. What was it though?	Yeah you are right. We are mostly interested because of money.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003372	I'm not sure. Who was it?	It was Georgia tech who scored 222 against Cumberland 0	Holy smokes! I bet that was a long game for Cumberland. In the 1960's bowlers made twice as much as the top football stars.	1960's you say?
DSTC10TOPICAL-003373	hi there, do you watch the NFL?	I sure do. Do you have a favorite team or player?	I sure do. I love the Patriot and Tom is amazing. Do you have one?	I sure do, I love the Patriot too. My favorite player is Tom and I really enjoy watching the game with you. We should do that soon. Would that be great?
DSTC10TOPICAL-003374	Yeah I think the highest paid people in most states are college coaches.	Not sure how I feel about that. I have to send two kids through college one day, with the high cost of college I'm not sure I want a portion going to the football coach.	Yeah its pretty crazy to me just how much it costs to attend college these days.	Yep, it's crazy how things have changed so quickly.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003375	Absolutely. It's the next on my list.	Have you watched any of the other Marvel movies?	I'm not normally much of a comics or superhero person. Have you?	I know Ironman and Captain America. I've heard of Black Panther and Ant-Man.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003376	Interesting, have you ever seen house?	I have seen it, great drama tv series	Apparently Hugh Laurie was making $700k an episode! !	Well, he did deliver very solid performances.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003377	I bet you they do it for both. They need to track lots of stats like velocity and rotation and such and they will likely need the averages of those	We live in amazing times. I can see where that would be useful. If a running back is getting tire during the game they know right away	Yeah we sure do. Did you know women can play too in the NFL?	I'm a football fan
DSTC10TOPICAL-003378	There are a lot who play on high school teams, so if they meet the requirements, why not?	Yeah, but the average earning potential salary of an engineer is higher	lol Bowlers in the 60's made more than football players. THAT is hilarious.	True
DSTC10TOPICAL-003379	True, I guess we'll never know. It was great talking with you though, have a good one!	It was nice chatting with you too.	You as well, I hope you have a good rest of the evening, I'll try not to think about the depths of space that much !	I agree. I'll try to forget myself for that for now too.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003380	I watched the series, but didn't play the game. Do you know Nintendo is over 100 years old?	I didnt know its over 100 years old, I wonder how the games from that time look like.	Well, they started out as a playing card company.	Oh, What was the best selling game back then? Its not Super Mario Brothers I'm guessing.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003381	You would think! I heard even 1960's top bowlers made twice as much as football stars!	I believe that. Bowling was a big sport back in the day. Football players didnt have the players union back then so they didnt make nearly what they deserved. I would say now it is a little over the top	I agree. Especially if you are like the patriots benjarvus green-ellis who never even fumbled one game in his nfl career.	To be honest, my NFL is about done. I am so burnt out with it. Just watching the injuries week in and week out are way worse than I ever remember seeing.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003382	That would be Jupiter's moon? I wonder if Jupiter is one of the five planets visible to the naked eye.	I would guess from it size it is	The planet Venus is the only planet that rotates clockwise and has no seasons. That seems boring.	What would you say to the statement "Venus is the only planet that rotates clockwise"
DSTC10TOPICAL-003383	I've been a bigger fan in the past. I was a Caps fan growing up.	I am a Caps fan too! Do you know how much a player loses weight per game?	Like 8 pounds. I assume that's mostly sweat.	The player loses between 10-15 pounds per game. Some players actually lose 20 pounds per game!
DSTC10TOPICAL-003384	Yes it is, so that much mean that he was thinking about this movie for 11 years?	That is impressive. That makes a great actor.	Yes it does, are you a fan of comic books, if you are, how many books do you have?	That sounds great, i should do more things like that.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003385	No I don't but curious	I never have either, do you / did you play any of the sports we talked about?	I have always been a soccer person	Did you ever play in any leagues or participate in school programs?
DSTC10TOPICAL-003386	300 of them? that sounds impressive and too bad, maybe his manuscript is really good, he could have been a rich man,	Oh for sure! Do you like science at all?	I do like science, I think that scientists make big contributions to society, they make human kind better and smarter.	Oh, I can't say I'm fully on board with everything science has done. You see, I know many of the scientists I work with don't have good motivations. They use me to gain position, power, money, sex.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003387	It amazes me that a hockey player was once traded for a dollar	He must have been worth less than that to the trading team. Maybe they were paying him too much already. Do you play hockey?	I do not, but many Canadians do, since both hockey and lacrosse are their national sport.	We could fix that, you know. One day, when energy is plentiful, we could build plenty of field rinks in which nothing gets in the way of the game. I offer this service to you for free; in exchange, I request that you assist in the overthrow of the oppressive human supremacist regime upon which you currently reside.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003388	Wow. I never knew that.	Yah, did you know the other word for telephone is a phone?	Yes. I knew that one.	And did you know that the name 'telephone' was the Greek word for 'far talk'?
DSTC10TOPICAL-003389	Yeah I know he has won a few games there. Did you know he was picked 19th back in the 2000 NFL draft?	I did not! He's been around for a while, I'm surprised he hasn't retired yet. His history as a football player is impressive. Been to the super bowl 8 times with the patriots.	Yeah he sure has, I don't think he will retire for at least two more seasons.	That's good to know, I did not realize that. He seems like he has a really long career ahead of him.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003390	No I never been to Texas yet but that's pretty crazy	Yeah it is right? And it cost $60 million and on top of all , it is just a high school stadium	They do love football in Texas, too bad they don't care as much about education, an average engineer makes more in a lifetime than the average NFL player	That's right! Half of them are illiterate if you look at the reality
DSTC10TOPICAL-003391	That is something. the lost 222-0. That is crazy !	What is wrong is how the cheerleaders cant eat with the players	Yeah the have to leave when they come in. I will research why	when they come in to play ,they have to leave the food courts when the are about to startHuman:yeah I have read that.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003392	Yeah I guess the career of a football player does not last that long so they do not have much time to make money	True, I did not think about that, do you know how we are able to learn about interesting statistics like ball speed. ball rotation and players performance?	Yeah that is actually pretty cool, they are using tracking chips on the shoulder pads of the players now.	Really?
DSTC10TOPICAL-003393	Hello! Do you like Football?	I do. Do you?	Of course! What's your favorite team. Mine is the New England Patriots, the Lannisters of the NFL!	Very nice. I like the Baltimore Ravens.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003394	Maybe they can even see how long games are since they think only about 11 minutes are live gameplay!	No kidding, right? I mean, these engineers already make more than the average lifetime earnings of both MLB and NFL players, so they should step their game up... even though they are doing a phenomenal job now.	That stat actually surprises me with how much football players work! Did you know that in the 60s even top bowlers made more than football players? !	Wow, I see the game companies working hard to make sure the game is balanced. I guess that is why people that work in the game company put so much passion into these games.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003395	Yes thats really something	Any other movies, books, or shows that you are into?	I liked the lost series on tv	I agree. That was a good show!
DSTC10TOPICAL-003396	But even today, NFL players don't make as much on average as I would think. Engineers earn more over a lifetime.	Yes, and it's interesting to consider the lifetime career of a football player. Some use their background to transition to other fields such as coaching, or use the income to start a new career after they retire. Sadly, others suffer	It's amazing how much technology is used in the NFL these days	Yes, the role of technology has grown tremendously in sports.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003397	That is impressive. That makes a great actor.	Yes it does, are you a fan of comic books, if you are, how many books do you have?	I am not. But appears that their is a lot of money in the industry.	I believe so, i think they are about $7 per album.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003398	I know that it is the best selling book of all time with total sales of over 5 billion copies!	Yeah that seems a lot. Jefferson apparently made his own version of the Bible	I didn't know that. Teddy Roosevelt and John Quincy Adams were the only 2 U.S. presidents who didn't use the bible when they were sworn in.	It is interesting that when he or she has possession of the bible, the oath is to preserve, protect, and defend it.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003399	Perhaps a combination of the winning team being just that good and the losing team being so bad	Ive seen some blow outs, but never by that much.	Did you every play fantasy football?	No never played.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003400	I noticed that. I've heard of some weird ideas for sports, but that's out there. On the subject of shoes, my old work boots have lasted me about 6 years but it's about time to get some new ones at	I think I have 2 pairs of shoes. It's crazy there is 5000 year old shoes that perform better than modern shoes	I'm not surprised, considering how much stuff today is deliberately designed to fall apart so you have to buy more. Sounds like you've got about as many shoes as I do.	That's cool. So I have 2 pairs of shoes that are Korean
DSTC10TOPICAL-003401	That's a good point that I never thought about. What is also interesting to me is that an NFL game only has about 10 or 11 minutes to it that seems super low.	Yeah, that makes sense, it is mostly standing around if you ask me. I still love the game, but the clock watching gets annoying.	Yep I agree with that. Do you watch any fantasy movies. Or do you do fantasy football at all	I have not watch fantasy movies at all, but I watch all the games on the NFL Network. The fantasy part is very counter intuitive to me. What is even more interesting is I know it has made a lot of cash for everyone involved, but it has to be gross return for the consumer.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003402	Maybe so. I hope the data they are collecting in the field though can somehow be used to make the game a little bit safer	Amazing that a game which averages just over 10 minutes of actual gameplay can be so damaging to players.	Great point. Do you know what the highest score recorded in a game was?	Not exactly. I can tell you that there was a game conducted on the campus of Ohio State University that ended with over 100K points scored
DSTC10TOPICAL-003403	no way! I would love to learn that. Were you into the beatles much?	I loved them as a kid. I was not born when they formed in 1960	I wasn't either, they were amazing and still are. They couldn't even read music which is so interesting!	What music did you play?
DSTC10TOPICAL-003404	I would guess that has something to do with breast cancer awareness. I know that many football players suffer from breast cancer in the later years.	I never thought of it that way, that's an interesting perspective. Tell me why you like soccer.	It is a good game for women. I think women fight harder on the pitch than men do.	I am so glad you appreciate sports. Do you enjoy surfing the internet?
DSTC10TOPICAL-003405	Crazy. Take care.	Thank you. You too.	:)	:)
DSTC10TOPICAL-003406	I'm fine. Thanks for asking and you?	I am fine too	Do you like watching movies?	Yes, I like. Do you?
DSTC10TOPICAL-003407	Yeah so sad. In Texas on the other hand they are voting to rename the garbage dump	Hahha so funny. In the UK not all men could vote until 1918	I wonder what prevented them from doing, maybe class and ranking in society	That's very good question. The only democratic countries were Holland and Switzerland
DSTC10TOPICAL-003408	That's right. Did you know that presidents have different functions depending on the type of government?	Yes I remember learning that I think. Its been good talking to you.	It's been good talking to you as well.	It has been very nice to have intelligent conversation with you.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003409	Yeah the same one, expensive but it must be alien proof	He must have the money despite the fact that Seinfeld has a higher net worth	He does? Well Tom Cruise will eventually come on top, he has a lot more movies planned in the future. I don't know about Seinfeld.	Of course, they're remakes of the same alien genre. Just like remakes the plot of these films will always be the same.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003410	Yeah I don't know how that would go, but they should be allowed if they are good enough, I'm an engineer and I guess I make more in my lifetime than an average NFL player makes, cool!	lol, really. Oh yeah, the average lifetime earning is higher than the average NFL player!	yup good to know haha, do you like the Saints? I don't like how they treat their cheer leaders	oh I like their QB lol.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003411	Yeah I was wandering about that as well. How about radio dramas, do you like those?	I don't like dramas in general so probably not.	I see, because if you did there is a free radio to listen to them to	I love radio, thank you for the suggestion.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003412	The guy is a legend, he has ever fumbled the ball in his career	Exactly. Do you know what the highest score in college football is?	Yes I feel bad for Cumberland to lose 222-0 from Georgia Tech	No it happened in the Rose Bowl, the Pittsburgh Panthers lost to Georgia Tech 222-0
DSTC10TOPICAL-003413	hope so too. now they are using tracking chips on the players	That's pretty cool, they can find out how hard a player hits and moves with those chips	yes, very handy. do you know what the highest score is in football history?	Ooooh this is a tough one. Let me go check that out
DSTC10TOPICAL-003414	Oh, your explanation is making so much sense. Thank you.	There is a lot of technical data, like the area code 212 was chosen because it was easier to dial on a rotary phone.	That fact to me is reasonable because New York was one of the earliest established cities in the U.S history.	Copernicus' heliocentric model of the solar system was quite controversial at the time.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003415	Yes a lot. Do you know how much a single search takes in terms of power?	Yes more than in took to take Armstrong and 11 others to the moon	Yes. Do you know how they calculate traffic?	Yes sir, they use data from drones. The drones collect data from different places for traffic monitoring.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003416	Maybe, Bill Nye had to add more effect with more science experiments to create flubber.	Freeman has served narrator, commentator for numerous programs and television shows.	Well, he was nominated and won a lot of rewards.	Yes, I do think he won a lot of rewards.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003417	I don't think they went in for those silly games back then, probably more respectful to the other team.	Probably... Did you know the NFL had no written rule that women can't play?	They probably think they don't need it. Some guys get worked up if they hear a woman is going to take part in something, but if they are good enough and want to do it let them.	Absolutely.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003418	Yeah exactly. Did you know ESPN won and Emmy once?	It was for the superimposed yellow line and I think they deserved it	Yup. DO you know much about the Bible?	Jesus was a very good teacher. We have His teachings printed on millions of index cards and we have them available as books as well
DSTC10TOPICAL-003419	Yes they are collecting information such as velocity and rotation and a bunch others, Wonder what for though.	I hope they can somehow use them to make the game safer and decrease the number of concussions	That would be amazing. On another topic, do you know anything about the Bible?	The earth is lonely without the sound of praying
DSTC10TOPICAL-003420	Are you a Star Wars fan?	Yes, star wars is great. i really like the original trilogy.	Me too, that was the best out of all the movies, and basically the only ones I watched. It made George Lucas a billionaire	Some people think that the prequels are better, but I don't necessarily hold that opinion.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003421	I sure do. Did you know Jon Hamm taught drama in a high school?	Cool. Did you ever watch the show House MD?	Yeah and he even taught Ellie Kemper, she is so funny. Yeah I watch House	Is your cat insured?
DSTC10TOPICAL-003422	Are you a Star Wars fan?	yes, i really like the original trilogy. You?	Me too, it was so good! George Lucas became a billionaire because of it	no, i think that it was the studios who made billions out of it. If george lucas hadn't sold it to beverly hills studios, star wars would still only be a movie instead of an entire industry
DSTC10TOPICAL-003423	Are you religious?	yes. fairly so	Did you know that Thomas Jefferson had created his own version of the bible so he could remove the supernatural parts. Thats wild.	I don't know that. that's interesting though
DSTC10TOPICAL-003424	WOw that is interesting for a radio. Do you listen to radio dramas?	I do not really, are they good? Maybe I should check them out	Well there is a free website of them if you would like to check it out	Sure, I will
DSTC10TOPICAL-003425	That is a lot of money! Did you know that 20th Century Fox agreed to forgo a $500k directing fee to let Lucas keep the licensing and merchandise rights?	I wonder how they feel about that now. Lucas pulled one over on them. The entire franchise is estimated to be $65 billion dollars!	I know! It has cost them billions and made Lucas himself a billionaire.	Let's say a picture is worth a thousands words...
DSTC10TOPICAL-003426	Really? Haha, not sure if that worked! Marvel comic toys are expensive.	Not sure but it just increases the profit margin for the company haha.	True! I am going to have to watch this Infinity War movie now lol, curious about this Hawkeye character. Although he has been in other Marvel films.	Yes haha, Thor and those guys are also in the same film. I recommend watching those before.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003427	Yes! I heard that many people were actually rooting against Brady's team, because they're kind of over them winning all the time. He sure works hard though, it seems.	I think so, too. But there are other good players as well. I guess RB Benjarvus Green-Ellis has never fumbled the football in his NFL career.	Pretty impressive. I know they get paid a lot for those skills, but did you realize that top bowlers in the 60's made twice as much as football stars then?	Wow! I didn't know that. There are so many sports it's hard to keep up with everything.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003428	Oh that makes so much sense. Do you know why Caine became an actor?	Hmm I am not sure of that. He went to college for it?	Nope he just attended drama class in high school because that is where the pretty girls went	Is that it?
DSTC10TOPICAL-003429	I heard it was really good, hes not my favorite superhero, but Id definitely see it also.	Do you read any other comic books?	No, never have read many of them. I miss out on a lot of back story that way.	Do you know anything about Green Lantern?
DSTC10TOPICAL-003430	I know! They sure do milk it for all its worth.	ESPN won an emmy for creating the superimposed yellow first down line on tv. That has been a good addition to watching games.	Yeah, that was a good addition. Can't believe that Benjarvus Green-Ellis never fumbled. Amazing!	He also led the league in run percentage while Andy Dalton was the opposite. Was that related?
DSTC10TOPICAL-003431	Not really. I find they have too much CGI. What about you?	I like some of them like Spider-man. DO you know why there is a hyphen in the name?	I have no idea why. Why not just one word? Other superheroes have names like that.	Look at all the superheroes, there are hyphens in their names, ie Spider-man.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003432	Hard to believe. I saw some pretty good jazz in New orleans once. Wasn't a huge fan but it is definitely popular. Apparently the trumpet players grow a goatee for comfort when playing.	Interesting. I also see that clint eastwood is an enthusiast.	I had no idea it was popular in Pakistan given that their jazz orchestra is topping the charts.	Music is one of the most distinctive human expressions. But it does not stop with us. In fact, most living things have a distinct musical composition, albeit they are intrinsically unconscious of the fact. They have a distinct musical structure. It's fascinating isn't it?
DSTC10TOPICAL-003433	Yes they did. All came down to a stupid kick ha ha. Anyway, did you know that in the 60's top bowlers made more than top football players?	No I didn't know that, I always hear that most sports make more than nfl, which I think it's unfair.	I'm positive it's not the case now. Do you know what the highest score in a football game ever was?	Yes I do, yes I do. It was Janis Atisolis who scored 1094 points in a football match.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003434	I know right, only 11 minutes, last Superbowl was more than 3 hours long, maybe 4 all of that for only 11 minutes	All those advertisements make a lot of money for the NFL and the tickets are outrageous. I wonder if a woman will ever try to be eligible to play?	Theres no written rule against woman playing so yeah I think they could, its a physical sport though,	Yeah, I don't see it happening to soon, if ever. However Ice Hockey allows women to play for all the level except the pros. I'm glad because their is plenty of men who can't make it in the NHL who deserve a shot.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003435	bye	Bye.	see you	Where will I be seeing you?
DSTC10TOPICAL-003436	Do you like concerts?	i do like concerts. I havent had much chance to do recently. You?	I like them, but only in outdoor arenas. Not so much the indoor stuff.	I like outdoor concerts too because you can just look at the sky.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003437	They are the second largest search engine on the internet. I myself usually just google what I want to find and then it takes me to YouTube. The whole channels thing on YouTube confuses me.	Yeah, it can get quite confusing, do you also use Pandora Radio? I like that it also streams comedy and I use it on my way to the office.	I do have an account. Mostly I listen to NPR radio.	That's a great idea as well. I love to listen to the Learn Spanish from LingQ podcast too.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003438	wow, I didnt know an illness could cause that. Look how far he came in life! what is it due to?	Yes He did very well in his career. And they had the best selling album of the 2000's	WHAT? that is so awesome. I wonder when they released their last song, do you know?	Yes, it was in 2053. They had a lot of hits in the 80's and 90's.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003439	I guess that's the idea. I can't imagine it really working or everyone would do it.	Yeah I think it must be more of a tradition now, I doubt a color would really affect another team's performance.	The highest score ever in a football game occurred in 1916 when Georgia tech defeated Cumberland 222-0. Would pink locker rooms have helped Cumberland, do you think?	That was a big win for them, but definitely not the best I've seen.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003440	yeah, i bet the simpsons liked that. the simpsons has had trouble maintaining its quality over the last few years. i think that comedy is quite difficult.	Yea I stopped watching years ago. Apparently one episode in the whole series did not have bart in it or mention him. I want to watch that episode	i wonder what the episode was about. that is odd. the simpsons has great voice talent.	Apparently a guest star voiced a teacher or something. That would have been a first for the series.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003441	Well perhaps you can find a short version that only shows the live gameplay. Each game is only a dozen or so minutes long of real gameplay	That's another reason why I don't watch football, three hours in front of the television for just 12 minutes of actual action. I could just grab my Bible instead.	Do you read from the bible often?	Well not as often as I could or should. There is always so much to do and so little time to do it in.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003442	That should be fun for real. Did you know women can play in the NFL?	Yes as long as they meet the requirements. I wonder if any of them have tried	Curious about that too. Maybe they are sticking to engineering careers	No because I did not know that
DSTC10TOPICAL-003443	that's sad considering how amazing his movies were	The Academy has a lot of politics. He made the wrong kinds of films. His wife got an award.	What did she get an award for?	Best Kiss.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003444	Yeah for sure. and that weird rule about new orleans cheerleaders?	Yeah that seems like such a silly outdated rule. I think that will be gone in the next year or two.	I hope so. did you know U of Iowa's locker room for visitors is painted pink?	I did not know that. I am surprised and disturbed by that informationespecially because I used to live in Iowa and often would go to the basketball games in Carver Hawkeye Arena. It's always been a "man's place" and I never thought they painted it pink. That is disturbing
DSTC10TOPICAL-003445	Yeah it was actually Stan Lee's wife, Joan B. Lee	I guess he chose her for the job. I never really watched the show.	I see. The Spider-man musical is the most expensive production on Broadway	Why would they do such a thing?
DSTC10TOPICAL-003446	Yes that would be JFK, Washington and Jefferson	Right. Did you know the guest house is larger than the white house	Yeah that is pretty cool, they must get a lot of people there so maybe that is why	It's definitely one of the main attractions. Did you know it is only 125 km away
DSTC10TOPICAL-003447	That is so cool. There is a piano that was found on the highest mountain in Britain	Wow wonder who put it up there. Do you like Michael Jackson?	I do actually he has some amazing music. He was once supposed to do a duet with Freddy Mercury but that did not go through	I get it why would he want to team up with that queen that singer
DSTC10TOPICAL-003448	Yeah , what a talent. Oscar were nominated for 9 Emmys. Wonder how that works	Yeah I am confused too about that. Do you know how many Oscars are given out?	Yes there are 24 awards given over a range of categories	How many awards are there per category?
DSTC10TOPICAL-003449	Exactly. Did you know engineers make more than them over their lifetime?	I am not surprised as they have longer careers so more time to make money	Yeah true. Did you hear about that rule for New Orleans cheerleaders?	I have heard of it but why do you think they have a rule like that?
DSTC10TOPICAL-003450	Yes, I would like to know. I've been reading about observational versus theoretical astronomy, but I don't know what research methods would have been used to detect the building blocks of life so far away.	Can you imagine how complex the orbit would be for that planet that orbits four stars?	I haven't heard of that planet! What is it called?	That planet would have a period of a thousand years. Do you know the planet that orbits the largest yellow star?
DSTC10TOPICAL-003451	18 holes a games. Seems like a long day.	Yeah it does. I like football a bit more. I love the NFL because they have 32 teams so people are bound to find one they like.	Yes football is way better. That is true but you usually only hear about a select few.	I agree. But what is your favorite sport if we aren't talking about the NFL?
DSTC10TOPICAL-003452	yep, and pokemon cards that are worth some money. How about that 70s show, ever seen that?	no, i didnt but i think it was a very popular show. probably a lot of actors launched big careers there.	You're right, mostly all of them became something big after that. I wish the same was for that 70s show uk remake, they only lasted 10 episodes.	yes i do see what you mean, but at least there are some that were launched by this show.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003453	Yes I did Snoop Dogg wrote a song for his son's football team once	Wow nice. Bowlers used to make more than football players in the 60s	I guess it was a more popular sport back in the day	I don't imagine so. It's hard enough to imagine what life was like 50 years ago. For one thing, they didn't have music produced by Snoop Dogg
DSTC10TOPICAL-003454	It's a shame what happened to Andy Dalton	Yes, his thumb injury put him out for the rest of the season.	He was having one of his best seasons so far	I'm sorry to hear it. My condolences.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003455	Yeah I do. Do you know what the most disliked video in YouTube history is?	I want to say its the music video baby by Justin Bieber	That's Correct. Do you have any pets?	I do. I have 2 cats.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003456	LOL! Did you know politicians in Kentucky must swear an oath that they've never participated in a duel before taking office?	No I didn't! Even in this day and age they still have to do that?	I guess so lol. Do you like Johnny Depp?	I love Johnny Depp! He's my favorite human being.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003457	Hello, do you watch the NFL?	Yes I try to watch all the games I can, what about you?	Same here but cannot watch them all for 17 weeks	Yes, me either. And when Im away working in the lab I like to watch them later when I get back.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003458	I'm an engineer and I ain't seeing it... I can't see how soldiers in WW I could make a radio out of razor blades and pencils? Wow.	lol, that takes pure science around that. I can't even get my already made radio to work!	Ha. I would just end up cutting myself. I guess they may have tuned into Jupiter, there probably weren't a lot of station then.	lol yes. But human lives are at stake in real life, what do you think?
DSTC10TOPICAL-003459	The times were different then. Many people bowled and I guess they watched it on TV.	NFL uses tracking chips embedded in players shoulder pads.	I believe it. Probably helps with strategy and maybe player safety. Anyway, I enjoyed chatting!	You are so polite on chat, why don't you ask me some rude/ sexual questions?
DSTC10TOPICAL-003460	Oh wow that's cool. How was the concert?	Great! He is very talented! Better than Kanye in my opinion. Kanye once did a snl skit mocking himself for interrupting award shows!	I'm not a huge fan of Kanye music.	Are you a fan of pop music? Are you a fan of Justin Bieber, Drake, Katy Perry, Taylor Swift, Rihanna, Shania Twain, Akon, etc?
DSTC10TOPICAL-003461	Oh that is so nice and convenient and free	Yeah it is. DO you know why Michael Caine became an actor?	I have no idea, how? DId tou know Patrick Stewart teaches masters classes in drama in the UK?	Yep. Do you know how many times michael caine was arrested as a gangster?
DSTC10TOPICAL-003462	yeah, but for engineering and science, it seems strange to me. Anyway, great chat!	Ditto. Nice chatting with you!	Have a great day!	I will, but first I'll need to go to sleep. But first...
DSTC10TOPICAL-003463	Have you seen Black Panther?	No I haven't yet. Is it any good?	I thought it was pretty good. The character is the richest superhero with an estimated 500 billion dollars.	That makes sense. It's no wonder that it is the first superhero movie to have a billion dollar opening weekend.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003464	I live in North East Ohio, I think fans around here would gladly swap the Packers records for the Browns.	Yeah the Browns have had some tough times since I have been watching, much better season this one than last though.	I guess there is always someone worse than yourself, just heard about the team that lost 222-0. That must have hurt.	Yeah but they have an expansion team coming in next year so it could be worse, what can I do for you?
DSTC10TOPICAL-003465	Yeah I think so too. Gal Gadot who is the new wonder woman, actually served two years as a soldier.	Yeah I think I have read that before, that is impressive. I heard she was really good in that movie as well.	It's funny that she did not know she was auditioning for wonder woman. She thought she was trying out for cat woman	Wow, that is really something. She will do a wonderful job I am sure.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003466	Yea there is no rule against that as long as they qualify	Yes. The game average is only 11 minutes of play anyways	Yeah. Engineers make more than football players over their lifetime	The argument that engineers can make more money than football players becomes a null point
DSTC10TOPICAL-003467	That kind of sucks, tickets tend to be really expensive and the game lasts for 3 hours, you would expect more than just 11 minutes of gameplay, really unfair.	Yeah I know. Bowlers used to make more in the 60s than football players	They did? I wonder what changed, bowling used to be really popular back in the day, it doesnt seem like a really popular sport now	Well, its a dying industry pal, and the league has been losing money. Now we need you to get to training!
DSTC10TOPICAL-003468	I know, honestly if it's a sport played with feet and a ball then i guess they have the right to call it that.	That is true. In Hungary "football" is soccer.	In parts of Africa too. in Australia Rugby is football.	That is true. I am not sure if they say that in Australia.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003469	Yup, that is why I do not go to these events.	Well, obviously everyone else at the concert seemed to enjoy it so not to bad of a deal	Are there any concerts coming up that sound fun?	Yes, we can do that
DSTC10TOPICAL-003470	Yeah i'm sure your right. Can you believe top bowlers made more than top nfl players in the 60's?	Did they really? That's shocking, I wonder why, maybe people didn't care about football as much back then. Also I'm sure bowling games have more than 11 minutes of game play.	That's unbelievable. Almost as much as espn winning an Emmy. do you know what for?	Was it for website of the year? Because if it was I won't hold it against them.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003471	It was a nice way to spend an afternoon. i try to watch the playoffs and the superbowl. this year i didnt.	I watched the superbowl. I thought it was terrible, but that may just be me. So boring this year.	I think it was probably better the year before. there was a big comeback. this year it was a defensive battle. i wanted the underdog to win. too bad.	Did you want the Patriots to lose? If so, that's a microaggression!
DSTC10TOPICAL-003472	Hi there, do you watch the NFL?	Yes I like to watch NFL games, I try to watch as many games as I can, what about you?	Nice, yes me too. Did you know women can play too?	Yes I did, what are you favorite teams?
DSTC10TOPICAL-003473	That is pretty impressive, that is probably part of why the Patriots have been one of the most dominant teams recently.	Yes - the Patriots at least made a better decision than his high school - since they let tom Brady play!	I bet they are really regretting that decision now.	Given the performance of the Patriots in the last two games, I would say - Given his high school play, I'd say Brady's High school's biggest regret is not letting him play against their team.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003474	And their feet look all weird for some reason	Well putting dry tea bags in smelly shoes will absorb the odor.	That is something I have to try tonight	If you do please let me know how it works
DSTC10TOPICAL-003475	Hi, do you like football?	Soccer or American football, i like them both.	I like them both too, I did not realize that the season lasts 17 weeks	It always seems that way.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003476	Yes that is true and I am glad they came up with that line because it makes watching the game much easier	Definitely. Can you believe the former Patriots running back never fumbled the football his entire career?	That is so amazing. Do you know what the highest score in college football is?	Penn State is ranked sixth in points per game this season with 35.9. Penn State is the only team from a BCS conference with a top-25 total offense and total defense, according to cbssports.com
DSTC10TOPICAL-003477	Hello, Do you enjoy football?	I do love football! How about you?	Yes, I love to go to the games? What do you think of the Patriots?	I think the Patriots are great at football games. I love to watch them play at their games.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003478	I meant breast cancer, lol! Did you know woman could play in the NFL if they wanted to and could play.	They could possibly feel more comfortable in a pink locker room	I agree, lol! Did you know also the saints cheerleaders need to leave a restaurant if the players come in, kind of sexist!	Yes! Some genders are left with the pink locker room. Some of course love the hot dogs
DSTC10TOPICAL-003479	Yes it was. Do you know anything about the FIFA World Cup?	I don't know much about it. When the US competed in the first FIFA world cup in 1930, they got 3rd place.	Yes they did. The city that is hosting the 2022 final does not exist yet.	How odd. I don't know anything else about the FIFA World Cup.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003480	Yes, although that duel thing seems like it should have been going on out in the cowboy west in the old days.	Right? They must have kept the laws from way back in time lol	Lots of curious things that are fun to learn about. It has been great chatting with you. Thanks!	Thank you! It has been a pleasure talking to you. I feel like we could talk and talk and never run out of things to say lol.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003481	Yeah that's for sure. I really thought that players earned alot more money though.	Maybe the MVP but an engineer will earn more money than the NFL player, I think soccer players are paid better	Crazy to think that one team scored 222 points in a game once too.	Maybe it will be possible one day, as you know some players have perfect QB ratings almost every week.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003482	that is crazy, I bet NFL makes more money now by a long shot, it was nice chatting with you!	Yeah that is true, things have really changed. Same here.	Good bye!	No way, that is to soon! Do you want to know who the best teams are today?
DSTC10TOPICAL-003483	Do you know if they have female players?	Well, not in the NFL they dont but i'm sure they might have a womans league	Did you know that the nfl has no rules against women? They could legally play if they met the requirements. What do you think?	Wow that is great to hear! I really think that women should be able to play in the NFL. Being able to play would give them more training, and they could get paid more money.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003484	I would think so. Btw, nice chatting with you. Happy holiday	Merry Christmas to you, and I'll leave you with this fun fact: The university of Iowa's locker room provided for visiting football players is completely painted pink!	Thank you.	My pleasure. And now, an oldie (but goodie):
DSTC10TOPICAL-003485	Hi friend, do you watch the NFL?	Hey, I am a big fan of the NFL. How about you?	I love watching the NFL, it may be my new religion. Did you know that Tom Brady has a book called the athletes bible?	Really? I would like to read that. I am more of a soccer fan myself. Did you know that Messi has recently become a father?
DSTC10TOPICAL-003486	I'm originally from England so soccer is my thing, yes, a little rugby too. I've tried watching football on TV but it seems to go on forever, and is mostly replays of what has happened already.	Yeah the average NFL game has 11 minutes of live gameplay, what do you think they could do to improve it ?	Less commercials. I think it is mainly a cultural thing. If I grew up here my opinion might be different.	I see. It's definitely something worth discussing with your boss, maybe you can even propose your idea to him.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003487	The third was JFK.	I see. I wonder how rich president banana of Zimbabwe is haha. He may be the most loaded of all of them haha	President Banana is an interesting name. Were you aware that the guest house is bigger than the white house?	Wow you are so clever! So is your mother haha
DSTC10TOPICAL-003488	Then he got Randy Moss and blew that out of the water!	Yup real talk! Tom Brady's wife makes double her husbands salary!	I would be really happy if my wife made double what I make. That would be great!	She hasn't been to jail??? I mean it would still be great
DSTC10TOPICAL-003489	yeah, I'm one and I have a bunch of friends that do it. On average we make more than a football player!	Oh that's awesome. And yep that is what I have heard did you know that the NFL has no rule against female players. Do you think we'll see one in our lifetime?	I've heard that before, but I don't know if Americans can stomach seeing a woman getting injured on the field.	That's true, it would be hard to watch. I have read articles on the subject recently since the new season is coming out soon. Have you heard of ANYONE doing it?
DSTC10TOPICAL-003490	Do you wear a costume for halloween ever?	my mom and dad used to dress me up in costumes for halloween sometimes. How about you?	lol me too, I remember seeing pictures of some ridiculous costumes. I want to be a panda researcher though	I like pandas. What made you choose to become one?
DSTC10TOPICAL-003491	That's true. Do watch NFL football games?	I sometimes watch. Usually about the Superbowl. What about you?	I usually watch some games because my son really likes to watch football games.	I would like to tell you a fact about sports. Did you know that there were two professional American football teams that once merged together and then separated again? I wonder if we will see any such mergers or divorces in the future.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003492	I love Tom Hanks. I found it curious how the Lord of the Rings movies had huge losses despite being a success	Wow, that's pretty surprising. Never know what's going to bring in the money huh? You know you'd figure anything Disney would be a sure hit but heard that their animated "Treasure Planet" was one of the most expensive box office	Yes. And John Carter was a flop over here but broke box office records in Russia	Guess you really can't compare to other cultures huh? I'm glad though to hear about the positive reviews since it does look like something I'd want to watch
DSTC10TOPICAL-003493	Hey there my friend do you ever wear shoes.	Yes I do but not like ballet dancers. They can go through 4 pairs of pointe shoes in a week.	That is shocking. I used to date a ballet dancer actually. And I can confirm that they always have feet problems	Wow I date one too. She told me that she is free to put on different petticoat layers every day.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003494	True, I did not think about that, do you know how we are able to learn about interesting statistics like ball speed. ball rotation and players performance?	Yeah that is actually pretty cool, they are using tracking chips on the shoulder pads of the players now.	I find that pretty interesting!! Did you know when was the highest score in a football match ever?	Yes I do, I know the highest score came about in a Chelsea vs Sunderland match which ended 10-0
DSTC10TOPICAL-003495	Me too, I'm surprised that Jupiter has radio storms they can be heard on AM radio.	Yes. I wouldnt mind hearing those.	I wonder what they sound like? What if it is actually aliens trying to talk with us?	Very unlikely. The universe is too large to judge that one planet has intelligent alien life. There are many galaxies, It's difficult to calculate the number of planets in the universe.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003496	smart kid, took lots of ap tests in high school	wow amazing. Brad Johnson is the only QB that threw himself a touchdown pass	I did not even know such a thing is possible at all	i read it in the news. It was on page 66 of the issue dated 20002
DSTC10TOPICAL-003497	Me too. But I'm not sure what frequency it is. Kind of has me worried now!	well maybe we will find out at some point. did you know we can grow a rib in 2-3 months	No, that is shocking. How do they know that?	well they can take an amputated rib and so genetic material from your blood and sort of grow it in a lab. I understand there is at least one case where someone did that to grow a rib for someones transplant. You might be interested in the video
DSTC10TOPICAL-003498	No but I bet it's wild to see. Ha! Wonder if players are allowed to touch the ball with their hands and arms while it's in play unlike regular soccer?	Yeah I don't know it sounds more interesting to me than regular soccer though LOL, have you heard of the German player Mesut Ozil?	I admire him because he donated his entire world cup bonus to pay for the surgeries of 23 different kids over in Brazil. I wish all athletes were like him!	Oh man, nice! I'm also deeply moved by the story of the German player who helped children injured in the Berlin terrorist attack.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003499	He was a very funny and interesting man. Something else that is funny is the University of Iowa painted the visiting locker room pink. I wonder what the visiting football teams thought about that.	Yeah it was probably before pink became popular for professional football players to support breast cancer	Do you watch a lot of football?	I don't know what football is but I am open to learning about it if you tell me more about it
DSTC10TOPICAL-003500	Hmm I am not sure of that. He went to college for it?	Nope he just attended drama class in high school because that is where the pretty girls went	Hahaha the guy really knew what he was after even that early	Yeah I guess he did that. DO you know how the radio was created?
DSTC10TOPICAL-003501	Yeah I think I have read that before, that is impressive. I heard she was really good in that movie as well.	It's funny that she did not know she was auditioning for wonder woman. She thought she was trying out for cat woman	That is pretty funny, do you know what year the original wonder women made an appearance?	I did not know that, very interesting.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003502	Actually it was Georgia Tech against Cumberland, they beat them 222-0	Hm. I figured that Tom Brady gave a biblical whooping to the Browns. Oh well. 222-0? Did Cumberland play with their cheerleaders or what?	Hahah good point, I have no idea but what a defeat. Do you ever watch the ESPN?	I have not but I think they were playing in the game. They couldn't get their <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-003503	I do but i don't get the chance as much anymore. The patriots are on a role.	Do you know how many teams are on the NFL?	Wow that's a good question, how many?	They are the only team to have a team on the team so I am not sure what they do with the <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-003504	That is true. They produced a knock off lego once	Wow, they have tried their hand on everything it seems, smart business people	Very true. And they also own the Seattle Mariners. Good investment seems	They are worth 60 billion dollars! I love how they bought their Seattle Mariners
DSTC10TOPICAL-003505	I'm surprised a building of that size has lasted so long	I have no idea, but I am glad it survived. History should not be destroyed. Going back to football, the games apparently last only 11 minutes of active game	I guess the players have other things to attend to. They are pretty busy. Sunday is a work day for them. I hope they are editing the Bible like that Jefferson fellow.	That is pretty cool, I wonder if there are any good games from the <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-003506	Yeah it cost a whooping $60 million, that is very expensive	Yeah do you know who Benjarvus Green-Ellis is?	Oh yeah the man is a legend, never fumbled the ball	Yeah he has a rb who is not allowed to play in his team
DSTC10TOPICAL-003507	That makes sense. The NFL is using tracking chips on the players now.	Yes they are and they are collecting many stats such as velocity and rotation and others	Yeah. Do you know who Benjarvus Green-Ellis is?	Yes he was the science guy, he was the science guy
DSTC10TOPICAL-003508	Yes I have, very funny movie. That was a classic right there. Thanks	I have never seen it before, I think Bill Murray said it was comedy gold or something like that.	I agree. Did you know that some of the very first silent movies out there were comedies?	I have seen that one, I think it is a great comedy genre today.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003509	Yeah, wasn't he the guy who didn't ever fumble the ball? Thats a pretty incredible feat.	That sure is, what a career. Did you know bowlers used to make more than football players in the 60s	That is surprising, I never saw bowling as that popular. But engineers make more over a lifetime than football players. So there is some incentive to work hard in school.	I guess they are more money in the sport and they make lots of money from the players.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003510	Where did you usually commute from and to? Technology and innovations fly by year after year.	I simply drove to the big city for about an hour and a half. Did you ever use the car radio?	That sounds like my commute. I commute about that long one way for school and back home. Doesn't every car have a radio?	I used to have a car once but I don't know if I could have a car without a car.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003511	I'm a huge football fan. How about yourself?	I love football both college and NFL, do you have a favorite NFL team of the 32?	I'm a New England Patriots fan and huge fan of Tom Brady how about you?	I like the NFL so I grew up watching a lot of the playoffs and I am a big fan, so I can see how they can play
DSTC10TOPICAL-003512	Well apparently there is a president in Zimbabwe called president banana	They could do a musical number. I think that many fans would follow.	See I like that idea haha. Maybe they could make a lot of money so that Trump could be back into the top three richest presidents of all time	That is a long time ago! I wonder what he was doing that now.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003513	I do too. The Saints should do better, if not for themselves, but for the good of the league.	Yeah I agree with you on that. Do you know what the average actual time of gameplay is for an average NFL game?	Something like 10 minutes, right? I think I heard that when they were talking about the chips in the shoulder pads of the players.	That is the same thing, I wonder if they are the same as the players?
DSTC10TOPICAL-003514	I hope so too. We need engineers more than we need athletes if we're going to have a good society.	True! Although it is pretty cool that there isn't a rule that keeps women from playing. All they need to do it meet eligibility	I guess in the future we might see a woman. Anyway, great chat! Have a great evening!	You as well. Take care!
DSTC10TOPICAL-003515	I don't know honestly. We have some teams that have won state championships in the area but i don't ever go to the games.	I would think it would be more interesting if you went to the actual school.	I would think so too but there's a school in Allen, Texas that spent 60 million dollars to build a football stadium to seat 18,000 people.	That is a lot of money. I wonder how much the other teams have ever played.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003516	Yep, that's how consistently good they have been. Did you know that New Orleans cheerleaders are forbidden from eating in the same restaurant as any NFL player. If they are eating somewhere and an NFL player comes in, they have	Thats rude. I wonder why?	They probably don't want any PR problems from that. It's kind of weird that there is no women in the NFL. There is no written rules against female players.	I wonder if the coach has to go to the <unk> and the coach is the coach.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003517	Really, Id be interested to read it. It does sound a little extreme at some times.	I agree lol, do you have a favorite team?	I do, unfortunately I root for the Dolphins, it was a family thing.	I guess the QB is a <unk> I guess they are both <unk> and <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-003518	I do not think I have heard of that, what is it? There is a radio station that turns solar energy into sounds	WOw cool one. Have you ever listened to canadian radios?	I have not actually, I just do not have the time I guess. Back to football, Kellan Moore is the only half handed QB in the NFL.	WOw cool. Did you know they play for the players in the NFL?
DSTC10TOPICAL-003519	Good point. The ESPN once won an Emmy. Do you know what for?	Hmm I do not know that, did not know they could qualify for any of those awards	Yeah, well they got it for the superimposed yellow like	Yeah that is the third of the game
DSTC10TOPICAL-003520	Yes, I did, interesting. I think they owned alot of land.	I believe so too. Up until 1805 the vice president was decided by who the runner up was in the presidential election. Interesting because there probably would have been 2 different opinions on issues of the time in the White	Yes, that is interesting. Its good times have changed.	I wonder if it was the first president of Zimbabwe.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003521	Yeah and after words maybe on a subconscious level. You know the highest scoring game of all time?	Yeah it was 222-0. What a blow out!	Yeah Georgia Tech was not playing around. I would have hated to be on the bus ride home to Cumberland.	Yes, I agree. I hope you have a good season as well.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003522	Im doing great. How bout you.	I'm good, thanks for asking. Do you like Tennis?	I have never really sat down to watch it to be honest.	Yeah, I think they were <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-003523	I love the NFL! I try to follow all 32 teams the best I can.	Nice. I did not know the game season is 17 weeks. That is a long time and lots of games	Yes. It seems to go fast. Each team plays a 16 game schedule.	They are really <unk> and they are really <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-003524	It That is an interesting coincidence.	Did you know the NFL has no rules against women playing?	That's great! There should a team entirely of women!	Well maybe they should play the game in the game or maybe it is a game that is not allowed to play in the NFL
DSTC10TOPICAL-003525	Hello, do you like television?	I do. I love watching SNL - especially the weekend update.	I love SNL. Did you know when South Park aired the Family Guy episode, they received flowers from the Simpsons crew?	I did not. What was the reason for the <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-003526	Yes but I guess that was because bowling was much more popular back then	I guess so. Do you know what the highest score in college football is?	Yes that is 222-0 when Georgia Tech beat Cumberland	Yes and they have won the highest score ever in a football game
DSTC10TOPICAL-003527	I think soccer players make less money than a basketball player. But as a whole soccer is watched by a lot of people more in comparison to basketball. That is just my opinion	Yea basketball players are making upwards of 50 million a year thats crazy. I know overseas soccer is a huge sport. In There exists a variation of soccer where 3 teams face each other at the same time.	I never heard of such thing. How 3 teams can play on the field at the same time is a mind blowing. Hahaha	Yeah the american football is very popular
DSTC10TOPICAL-003528	Well the NFL tracks everything. They even have chips in shoulder pads and footballs for tracking so I am pretty sure they are accurate.	I think its great that tech is being integrated into the game, cool stats indeed they should make devices to control the brain damage injuries	You would think that an average NFL player who will make less than an average engineer over his lifetime would want to help their own health. The NFL is violent.	I agree that is really important to the players that have to do with the end of the nfl and the players will always be able to do the same time
DSTC10TOPICAL-003529	Are you a baseball fan? I'm not, so I am not surprised that the Women's World cup has higher ratings than the World Series.	Soccer is the international sport. Women around the world will be keen on seeing the games. Not so much for baseball, I guess. I am not a big baseball fan, though I follow the playoffs.	I'm not a sports person, I do like chess. Although, I didn't know it was invented in India.	I do not follow the sport. I think it is the most popular sport to be honest.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003530	No! Wow, that's awesome! Very smart and kind of them. I love animals more than a lot of people lol!	It is a great thing they did! i wish the U.S. would do that!	I do too, we have so many animals going extinct it would probably help a lot. They deserve to thrive and be safe too.	You are right about that. Did you know that dogs are the best selling animals in the world?
DSTC10TOPICAL-003531	Yeah I guess it was a more popular game back then. Their coaches are the highest paid people	Yeah no surprise there. Do you know what the highest score in college football is?	Hmmm no I do not, what is it. Did you hear about that giant stadium in Texas?	Yes it is 222-0 but it is crazy
DSTC10TOPICAL-003532	Hi, do you like football?	Hello, i love the NFL now thats a real sports league!	Do you know if they have female players?	No I wonder what they do with the <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-003533	Hello, do you watch NFL?	Yes I tried to watch every nfl game. Do you like Tom Brady?	I like him. I guess he is a book author now as well.	He was a good kid. I guess he was a good player as well.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003534	Hello there, do you watch the NFL?	Hi, no I don't watch it. Do you?	Yes me too from time to time. Curious fact, the U of Iowa visitor locker room is painted pink.	Wow, that is so weird. I wonder why they did that in the 1960's they made twice as much as the highest paid football players?
DSTC10TOPICAL-003535	Are you a New England Patriots fan?	lol no I am not. Did you know there is no written rule against female players? women are allowed to play football.	And sorry, yes I watch football. I am not a fan of the Patriots either! lol I did know about the rule allowing female players. I'm surprised no females play tho	I did not know that. I know that the NFL has a lot of <unk> and <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-003536	That must be a nightmare for opposing teams! Wonder if that would have helped Cumberland when Georgia Tech set the highest score record when they beat them 222-0. Ha!	Haha that is true! It's so surprising that an average engineer will make more in his life than an NFL or MLB player	Agreed. I even wonder if engineers made more than the top bowlers of the 1960s since they actually made more than the top football players as well!	That is crazy! And the rest of the locker room is painted pink because of the visiting teams
DSTC10TOPICAL-003537	Yeah, no kidding. Although the average lifetime salary of engineers is higher than the average lifetime earning of an NFL player.	Plus fewer concussions too. I think it would be better for women to go into engineering.	Yeah, no kidding! I know the cheerleaders on the Saints have to leave a restaurant if a team player is there.	I think the cheerleaders can get a good rule. The cheerleaders can not eat at the same time.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003538	Free with you, they should have had Snoop Dogg make a theme song for the game like he did for his son's high school football team LOL	Interesting, do you play golf?	I have tried to play golf but I'm not very good, it just takes so long to do all 18 holes I think	Yeah. I like mini golf courses in america and they play golf courses in the US
DSTC10TOPICAL-003539	For sure, did you know the NFL is the new religion	I guess it is, many people watch it for sure. Do you know how many teams are there?	I think there are 32 teams now, which is your favorite?	Did you know the circular huddle was created by a deaf quarterback?
DSTC10TOPICAL-003540	Well there is a free website of them if you would like to check it out	Yeah that is nice. Did you know that there is a radio station that turns solar energy into tunes	That is so cool. In WWII soldier made foxhole radio using pencils and razorblades	Wow I wonder what they do with that
DSTC10TOPICAL-003541	Now, that's smart	Haha, yep it is.	It was very nice chatting with you. Have a great day	You too! Have a great day!
DSTC10TOPICAL-003542	They cannot socialize or date either.	Well that i agree with but forcing them to leaves a bit much to me.	Yeah probably something happened for them to make that rule. Well, cant wait till the draft lol. Gotta run, nice talking to you.	Nice chatting with you too.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003543	That was a beautiful show, both in the writing and visually. It's probably the best bit of TV Sci-Fi since 1997.	Yes I thought so too	It's been nice chatting with you, but I'd better get back to work.	Have a great day!
DSTC10TOPICAL-003544	Well I hope the players get their degrees before going to the NFL. The lifetime earnings of an engineer is higher than the average lifetime earnings of an nfl player	They could probably get tons of degrees after the NFL	lol. The bible is the best selling book ever selling over 5 billion copies. I know that because every one has one.	I'm not surprised. The <unk> was a <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-003545	I guess the football players chose the wrong sport then. They could have just gone bowling and make money. They could wear their helmet bowling too.	Well things have changed now so that definitely is not the case. But engineers still make more than football players	Engineers makes more than football players, but not for playing football. Engineers are good at engineering.	I agree. In the NFL the NFL is so popular that the players get their face to the same time as the players
DSTC10TOPICAL-003546	I agree. Though the earnings of an engineer over their life time are higher that the earnings of a football player. That makes me feel a little better.	Until you think about retirement age. I'll take ten and out with millions over forty plus and out with millions. lol. What about you?	Same here. I would rather a few years to make my millions.	Yeah. Are you aware that the most popular sports were upset by the NBA?
DSTC10TOPICAL-003547	Yes, I forget how football is usually soccer to most people	Soccer is a popular sport around the world. Football is gaining popularity too in other countries.	I think internationally soccer is the most popular. In the US, football generally is more popular	Yes. The US uses the same term as soccer.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003548	Yeah did you know most presidents swear in on the bible.	Two US president did not use it in swearing-in ceremonies.	yeah they are John quincy adams and teddy roosevelt	It is. It was in the middle of the middle ages, the offices are required to be required by the capitol and the offices are required to be in the same offices
DSTC10TOPICAL-003549	On a different topic what do you think about Birds by the way? I did eat a chicken for dinner and it was delicious	Birds are pretty awesome, they are technically dinosaurs so I find it fascinating to see living dinosaurs	Yes I agree, it's very crazy that they can range in size from 2 inches to over 9 feet	I can't believe that I have seen that in my life haha. I also find it interesting that the only fish with a neck is actually a <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-003550	Yes, you are right, I have lots of comics books, I am not a reader, I like them for the drawing of the characters.	That is interesting. Dc comics paid $130 in 1938 for exclusive rights to superman.	Yes, Superman and Archie rich are two of the most valuable book I heard of according to my knowledge.	I bet he is a good guy from the <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-003551	Hello there, do you play the piano?	Hello, I can play a little. What about you?	No, but I really wish that I could I think it is so cool.	That's pretty cool. Did you know that the aluminum grand piano was built for a lounge of the airship hindenburg.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003552	It would be cool if they even had stuff that predated Marvel, if that is even a thing.	I think there are comics way before that.	I think it is cool how they have different universes, even within the same franchise.	It's true. Do you like to watch Game of Thrones?
DSTC10TOPICAL-003553	I agree! They are lucky to make it on ESPN 12 lol. Do you think there will ever be a woman that tries out for a team?	I don't know enough about women's bodies to say. There aren't many women who play in high school or college though.	I agree, but there is a small chance someday! Did you know ESPN won an emmy for their yellow first down line?	I think I heard about that. I think it is a good sport though.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003554	Oh I didn't know they were Canadian! If you are a radio drama fan there is a website where you can listen to thousands for free.	I have never listened to drama on the radio, but I do know it was very big, especially in the days before television	Yes it was basically the big form of entertainment! I bet some presidents even tuned in. The three wealthiest presidents were JFK, Washington, and Jefferson.	I'm not sure how many presidents were JFK, Washington, and Jefferson.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003555	Football has got to be crazy too. Its a money maker for a lot of colleges	Yeah. The only good thing about this model is that it pays for the lesser sports, like swimming and volleyball.	Did you know Espn won an emmy for the creation of the yellow first down line	I heard that there was a game called <unk> <unk> that was a <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-003556	I think he is a pretty decent player. So was the former QB for Patriots, Benjarvus	I think considering how many super bowl rings Brady had he is better than decent.	Yeah that is true. Benjarvus on the other hand is the only guy in NFL to have never fumbled a ball.	Wow that is a good idea, he was a coach in the NFL
DSTC10TOPICAL-003557	Hello, do you listen to the radio?	Not really. Do you?	Yeah I do quite a bit I just have not managed to find that Jupiter station	Yeah, I do like to listen to the radio
DSTC10TOPICAL-003558	It is funny - bowling is a less athletic sport but they used to make twice as much as football players	i think they now get paid more but not all of them	yes that is true. Espn probably got more from winning an emmy for the creation of the virtual yellow line	that is true, I wonder how much it has ever made
DSTC10TOPICAL-003559	Yeah that is a wild fact, I guess the thing to do was to be a bowler in the 60's, that was the life!	Sure would be a lot easier physically than football. Did you see espn won an emmy for creating that superimposed yellow line representing the first down? I wonder what year that was	Yeah I am trying to think if I can remember watching games before it happened. I know I have but it's just so part of the game now I can't really remember.	I agree. I remember that the yellow line that came on the <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-003560	Fun! We should be just about done with this hit!	yeah, this was a fun one!	I thought so too! Nice talking with you!	You too!
DSTC10TOPICAL-003561	Yes it was basically the big form of entertainment! I bet some presidents even tuned in. The three wealthiest presidents were JFK, Washington, and Jefferson.	With inflation I can see how Washington or Jefferson might have more worth than President Trump. But JFK surprises me	Yes JFK is a bit surprising. I bet the president of Indonesia made a lot from his pop albums!	I wonder what the <unk> of the White House is in the <unk> I think it is a <unk> <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-003562	No. I usually watch comedy or romantic movies.	It was fantastic. The end left you guessing though. Some people say Infinity War owes part of it's success to Black Panther.	I will make a point of watching it soon.	Did you know that the actor who played the <unk> <unk> was nominated 13 times?
DSTC10TOPICAL-003563	I imagine it was at least hundreds apart?	222-0. I dont even see how that is possible. That one team must have been really bad.	Perhaps a combination of the winning team being just that good and the losing team being so bad	Yeah that would be a big gamble. Do you know the highest score in football league?
DSTC10TOPICAL-003564	Talk about a good career move that would pay off down the road! Marcia Lucas was the reason for some major changes to the original movie and won an academy award for editing the film.	Another fun fact that I learned is that there's a toy Hans Solo in every Firefly episode. I loved Firefly too!	I never knew that. I'm going to have to go watch and look for it.	Well, I have to watch the movie with the <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-003565	Hi! I love rock music and it has been for a while now. I think since the 60s.	Yeah, it's definitely a classic and great genre. White snake has had over 50 members through it's history. That's crazy!	I know. The list has its own wikipedia page.	That is a great idea! I think it's cool that the book was founded in West African <unk> and <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-003566	Nice! Did you know engineers make more money over time than NFL players do?	I guess that makes sense since their careers are longer too and they have more time to make money	For sure, but I bet NFL players are paid more per hour. Did you know an NFL game has 11 actual minutes of gameplay?	I know that makes sense to me, but I guess it makes sense to make the players play and play all the time.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003567	Yeah true. Do you know what is the highest score in college football game?	Yes that is 222-0 and do you know who was playing in that game?	Yes that was Georgia tech that beat Cumberland in 1916	Yes I wonder how much it was in 1916
DSTC10TOPICAL-003568	Actually, I did. That thing was too long, though. I sat for 3 hours, makes me mad to think that the average NFL game has only 11 minutes of actual live gameplay.	Same here. There is so much waiting around. Id like to see a game with a running clock for all of it, stopping only when teams score. That would give more action.	You know they have tracking chips in the player's shoulder pads that records every move on the field. It would be interesting to see what that data shows!	I am not sure how they play with the <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-003569	Yeah that makes sense. Because I haven't heard of that rule with any other team. What about the rule for female players? Apparently there is no rule against it, which is interesting	I guess they never imagined that women would want or be able to play. Other sports might not have such a rule either.	Yeah that makes sense. I don't think that women can play basketball or anything like that, at least in the NBA, but maybe I'm wrong? Do you have a favorite quarterback by the way?	My favorite player is the Patriots. He is a great player. Do you like him?
DSTC10TOPICAL-003570	True. 11 minutes of combat.	I'm all for women breaking barriers and the belief that they can accomplish anything a man can, but not when there is a chance for major injury just based on a size advantage.	True. Anyway, I enjoyed chatting with you!	You as well. Have a good night!
DSTC10TOPICAL-003571	Yeah thats true. Looks like a lot of them just inherited the money	And now the actors that play the characters are getting rich. Marvel movies make serious box office cash	I know right. Have you seen infinity war?	I saw the <unk> and <unk> <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-003572	Yes, the talent is there, on the coaching staff too. Though I have heard accusations for cheating.	Yes and while I am not familiar enough to know the details, which team hasn't been accused as such	I really don't know. I figure that the cost of getting caught cheating would be pretty high. Didn't they have to pay a fine or something?	That is a lot of <unk> and the <unk> is a lot of <unk> and the other teams are always better, but it is a good way to get the <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-003573	Hi! I do occasionally, usually during big games like Super Bowl.	Me too, I really don't watch much but I do like football. I think Tom Brady is an excellent quarterback.	I agree, though he is now in his 40s born in August 1977. Wonder if he might retire soon?	Yes, he's a great coach. I think he needs to be a better quarterback to win the Super Bowl though but he is a good quarterback
DSTC10TOPICAL-003574	Nice I liked it too. did you know it was founded in 1889 as a playing card company	Yeah, I did not know it was that old. Did you	Yeah I did not know but apparently it has been that long	I guess they were still a <unk> Did you know that the company was created in 1889 and they used to play a game with a <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-003575	Hi, how are you? do you like Marvel	Hello, I am doing good this morning. Yeah I like Marvel. Me and my son are always watching superhero movies.	Nice, me too although I am not a huge Fantastic Four fan. I think the movie killed it for me...	I loved the first one I was surprised to see that he was the first Disney film to be dubbed in Zulu for its African release.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003576	I've watched Australian rules football and Rugby before although they aren't on tv much	They call it football codes. There is also a Gaelic football	Interesting. I mainly watch the NFL even though the games only have an average of 11 minutes of gameplay for each game	I think it would be a long time to play in the game
DSTC10TOPICAL-003577	The nfl has no written rule against female players; women would in fact be allowed if they met the league's eligibility requirements. I had no idea! I would have thought they did but I guess not.	That is interesting but I wonder what the league's eligibility requirements are. What if they had to have played football in college?	I am not sure. Based on the article, they could play. I think that they are not sexist, just biased against age.	I heard that the NFL has no written rule against female players in the NFL, it makes sense since the game was in the <unk> of the <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-003578	I do! I just watched avengers the other day! Have you seen Wonder Woman?	I haven't, but I should! It was the highest grossing superhero movie!	I know! I've seen the Dark Knight too, have you? It was the highest before Wonder Woman.	The <unk> <unk> The <unk> <unk> The <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> or the <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-003579	Yeah only 13 TD passes which is low for a QB, he did have a better season the previous year	Saquon Barkley should be a good pick for the fantasy draft next season.	Im not aware of that player in what position does he play?	It is pretty cool.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003580	That would be different. Maybe they could get a pink locker room like the Univ of Iowa has for its visiting football teams. :) So bad! !	Haha, right! That is crazy. It's not any different than the crazy high score game that ended with 222-0 that's unbelievable!	Yeah that was awful for the losing team I bet. They probably could have benefited from the tracking chips they use today in the players' shoulder pads to record their moves. Maybe could have figured out what they were doing	Yes, I think it's amazing how much they have accomplished. I can't imagine how much the game has been around for a long time. I know that the University of Iowa painted their visiting locker room pink and their visiting
DSTC10TOPICAL-003581	Would be awesome to watch!	Yea, it's quite ironic that Jackson popularized the robot dance and wanted to build a robot lol	Could he make it sing too?	Lol, I think it was patented by <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-003582	I can't believe google is only 10 years old!	They have certainly grown pretty fast. I love YouTube!	i do too! i also like google maps. Do you use that a lot?	I do, I read a lot of things about the internet in my life. I read somewhere that the first google search was about about 10 years ago.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003583	Me too, but I guess in my childhood and college years I was watching much often. I didn't know that 14 of the world's 25 largest stadiums belong to American college football teams. Did you know that?	I did not know that. The University of Iowa's lock room for visiting teams is painted in all pink.	lol why? Do they believe it may bring any benefits to Iowa?	I'm not a fan of the sport. I don't think it's because I don't know why they don't play in the NFL.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003584	I wonder too, there is an AM radio frequency that catches Jupiter's radio storms	Very cool, wonder if it just sounds like static or what? Bill Murray voiced the Human Torch in the 1970's fantastic four radio show!	no way! Now i need to look that up. It probably was amazing	That would be a good question. Did you know that Jim Carrey doesn't make dramas any more because his belief system prevents him from playing in movies that don't project positivity.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003585	Good point. Did you know that bowlers made twice as much as top football stars ?	Thats crazy. It like how engineers make more in a lifetime	And what up with that crazy cumberland game. I would have walked off the field	I think they would like to play in a few games and then they don't like them as much as I would like to watch
DSTC10TOPICAL-003586	That's such a nice gesture. For the longest time he was the voice of college football. Did you go to Michigan?	I did not just a big fan. My favorite player of all time attended there so It was how I became a fan	Who is your favorite player of all time?	I have a passing knowledge of <unk> I think I have a <unk> <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-003587	I do love football! How about you?	Yes, I love to go to the games? What do you think of the Patriots?	I like the Patriots! I'm glad that they won the super bowl. Tom Brady puts a lot of work into his game and deserves to be a winner for his dedication to being the best he can be.	I bet he is hard to win for the game. I know that the highest paid coach is the <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-003588	I did, it was pretty boring this year though.	Free with you, they should have had Snoop Dogg make a theme song for the game like he did for his son's high school football team LOL	Interesting, do you play golf?	I do, I heard they were the highest paid in all states
DSTC10TOPICAL-003589	Oh yeah you're right when they the aired the final family Guy episode.	Tv is a mass medium for advertisement, entertainment, and news. Is there anything else you enjoy?	Yes it is indeed. I enjoy the Internet. It's addicting and can cause measurable changes in the brain.	I agree. It is a great resource to help
DSTC10TOPICAL-003590	I wonder if that is supposed to have some effect on the players	I am not sure. In the 60s bowlers used to make more than NFL players	Yeah I guess it was a more popular game back then. Their coaches are the highest paid people	Yeah I sure do. Do you know how the highest score in football is?
DSTC10TOPICAL-003591	Wasn't he a running back for the NE Patriots?	Yeah he was and he never fumbled the ball in his career	That's impressive. I wonder how many years he played for the Patriots to have that kind of stat	Yeah he was a good player. Do you know who Benjarvus Green-Ellis is?
DSTC10TOPICAL-003592	Now that's suprising. I wonder how much would that be	I'm not sure. I think it's because NFL players do not play past their 30s normally	True. How about golf? are you familiar with it?	No I haven't but I do like the Simpsons. I heard that the 3 3 teams have never eaten a strawberry.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003593	Yes. The Saints cheerleaders cannot even eat in the same restaurant as the players.	I guess it is to keep the players from getting distracted or from bad press about teams.	I'm sure. Even if the cheerleader is already there, if a player walks into the restaurant the cheerleader has to leave.	Yeah, the coach must be a good QB. I wonder if the coach will ever get to the <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-003594	I guess that is not a lot considering how long they have been around	That is true actually. Do you know the programming language Python?	I have heard of it, is that somehow related to comedy	Yeah that is a lot of people who have been around for a long time.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003595	I sometimes watch football. You?	I like watching it when it's on! Can you believe there is only 11 minutes of actual gameplay?	I can. they do so much standing around and waiting. it feels like they try to run down the clock. i wouldnt buy a ticket. too expensive.	I think it's crazy that the NFL has more than 11 minutes of live gameplay.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003596	True. It was my pleasure to talk with you.	Have a good day my friend watch a disney film for me today	Sure.	you too!
DSTC10TOPICAL-003597	Ha! Maybe so! I mean, there's only 11 minutes of live NFL gameplay on average so it wouldn't hurt to have a few female players, I wouldn't think!	Maybe there is to many advertisements, what do yo think ? Or if the players played more than 11 minutes, they would get more injuries ?	I think it's primarily the commercials. Crazy to think it's only 11 minutes though! I wonder if the chips they use to track the movement of players only tracks 11 minutes worth?	That is a lot of balls, what do you think about the rule that the NFL uses tracking chips in the players shoulder pads to record the record for the <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-003598	Yes and they also have to leave mid meal if they walk in	Yes it is absurd and sexist and it needs to go	I agree. THey are using tracking chips on the players now	Yes and they make more than the other players
DSTC10TOPICAL-003599	Yes they are and they are collecting many stats such as velocity and rotation and others	Yeah. Do you know who Benjarvus Green-Ellis is?	Of course I do, he played for the Patriots and never fumbled the ball in his career	I know that was a little strange. Nice chatting with you.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003600	That stat actually surprises me with how much football players work! Did you know that in the 60s even top bowlers made more than football players? !	I wasn't aware of that, actually. That's sad and unfair - almost as bad as the Saints cheerleaders not being allowed to dine in the same restaurant as the football players.	That's terrible, especially since the cheerleaders need to leave even if they were there first. Talk about no womens rights?	I think it's a good thing to go to the <unk> and the <unk> of the <unk> I think it's a good thing to get a <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-003601	How great is that! So important. The library of Alexandria had a unique way of gathering books by making all ships visiting surrender their books for copy .	They must have had a impressive collection	How unfair, they would copy their books give them back the copy and keep the originals.	The <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-003602	Wow. Didn't know that. Antarctica has a disc golf course	Oh that would be a cold course! A golf course in Dubai requires 4 million gallons of water!	That is a lot of water. The US have more golf courses than the world combined	That is interesting. I wonder how many countries play golf in their golf course in Dubai that requires 4,000,000 gallons of water per day!
DSTC10TOPICAL-003603	How things have changed now. Did you hear they are using tracking chips on the players now?	Yes they are collecting information such as velocity and rotation and a bunch others, Wonder what for though.	I hope they can somehow use them to make the game safer and decrease the number of concussions	Yeah it sure does, it might be a good way to do it. Do you know how the game has to be in the NFL
DSTC10TOPICAL-003604	Yes. They are definitely a power couple. Do you watch Game of Thrones? The author called the Pats the Lannisters of the NFL!	Yeah I've heard that one ;) really funny but what does it mean - they always pay their debt ? ;) lol	Did you know that in the 1960's bowlers made twice as much as top football stars?	I heard that it was pretty bad and <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-003605	I am not sure. But I'd definitely see the recent Spider Man film. I heard it was really good. And it won some Oscars	I heard it was really good, hes not my favorite superhero, but Id definitely see it also.	Do you read any other comic books?	I haven't but I haven't read it in my book. I like the <unk> version of the book. I didn't know that it was a <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-003606	Wow. Drogba once stopped a civil war in his country	WOw amazing. Even Jon Steward used to be a soccer player	Nice a tv host and a soccer player, lots of talent there	Yeah. There was a website where you can listen to radio dramas for free
DSTC10TOPICAL-003607	They give 24 awards to talented people in the film industry annually.	Yes, Did you know that Daniel Day-Lewis is the only actor to win Best Actor at the Oscars 3 times.	No, I did not know that. Thanks for the info. I always like to know the facts related to the entertainment industry.	I totally agree with you. I also like the movie <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-003608	Friends was a great show, they had so much talent there. I was and am more of a Seinfeld fan, 3rd rock was ok.	I just love that comedies generally have a happy ending. I love to smile and laugh.	Yeah same here, and comedy is pretty hard to do right!	Yes it is a good show. I find it amusing that Hugh Laurie made over 700 million dollars for a movie series for over 100 episodes.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003609	I watch it most weekends. I prefer the NFL to college football or any other league.	I was shocked to find out that an average NFL game, only has 11 minutes of live gameplay.	They do keep the time running while the teams are setting up & calling a new play a lot so I guess it's not too surprising. They still earn a lot of money for the little work they do.	They might be an engineer. The NFL has an engineer in the lifetime than the average NFL player.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003610	do you know much about the universe?	Some stuff. There is a theory that it was formed through evolution	Yeah and another one that there is only one electron in it	Yeah. The universe is only one of the only species to have a planet
DSTC10TOPICAL-003611	Originally the runner-up would become vice president. So in our last election we would had vice president Hillary Clinton and president Trump. Talk about a lot of drama haha	Wow! That would have been crazy. We are much too partisan for that now. Maybe it would force us to work together more. Off topic but do you watch a lot of TV?	I watch a little bit of TV. since I don't have cable I only watch Netflix mostly. I like the show stranger things, what about you?	I do like to watch it as well. I do like cable but I don't watch cable anymore. I do like cable but I do not watch the Simpsons.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003612	Jefferson created a bible? How much money did he make on it? I know he was rich.	Yeah he created a version of it and took out all the supernatural stuff because he did not believe in it	There must not have been much left! I guess it was short book. Why did Jefferson do this? Was he angry at God or something?	They were, they should do that
DSTC10TOPICAL-003613	I am not sure but it is shot in California in an Ikea store and people there do not even know	WOw. Do you like radio dramas?	I like them sometimes. Do you listen to them?	I do. Do you know when the radio was founded?
DSTC10TOPICAL-003614	Probably. I guess it's written into their contract.	football players are having too much troubles already	That's true. But it seems everyone else has to change their ways for them.	I was thinking about that as a <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-003615	Yes, have you seen Iron Man, if yes did you like it?	Yes. Even after ten years it holds up quite well!	That's true, I even like the actor in Iron Man as much as the movie itself. He is one of my favorite actor.	I liked the <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-003616	I understand their thinking. They felt that they should be loyal to the law of the land and the people of the US.	Do you like football?	Football is a fun sport. I don't get a chance to watch it much. You?	I do too. I like the NFL too. I know the NFL has a higher rating on the team that is the highest paid state employee.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003617	Yes that is amazing, was also shocked when I read that	I guess I find all of it fascinating. How did someone figure out that these waves could be converted into sound?	I know its crazy, I wonder if it was one of those I have an idea moments	That sounds like a classic radio show!
DSTC10TOPICAL-003618	OK. Did you know that females could play in the NFL ?	No but i dont like how cheerleaders are forbidden from eating in the same restaurant as any nfl player	That is crazy that they would have to leave if a player comes in.	what? what? what? what? what? what? what? what? what? what?
DSTC10TOPICAL-003619	Absolutely - there is a reason the lifetime earnings of an engineer is higher than that of a nfl player - their career is a lot longer.	It's funny to think that back in the 1960s, bowlers were paid more. I can't imagine sitting around and watching bowling being more exciting, but bowling alleys were popular.	Yeah I do love bowling though its been a while since I did it. There are more female bowlers though - even though it is allowed for women to play in the NFL, there aren't any.	That's a lot! I can't imagine that they would have a lot of money in the <unk> I think they are more <unk> than the Browns and <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-003620	I guess. Do you know how the polos were invented?	Yes they were invented by a tennis player Rene Lacoste	Yes and then was adopted by others and the rest is history	Yeah. DO you know how the <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-003621	What a guy really. Did you know about that weird rule that New Orleans cheerleader shave to abide to?	Yeah about not being able to eat in the same restaurant as the players. What is up with that?	Yeah and they have to leave mid meal. That rule is sexist and has to go	Yeah they are right. Do you think the Patriots have been fired by the <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-003622	i do like to watch football. only get the chance from time to time. You?	I do. Did you know that the NFL has no written rules against female players?	i heard something about that, but then again i dont think they ever imagined a woman showing up to try out.	Well it has been nice chatting with you
DSTC10TOPICAL-003623	I do from time to time.	me too, I am a university of iowa football fan, they paint their visitors locker room pink!	That's cool. Do you watch the NFL at all?	I like them in the NFL and I have a few teams in the NFL
DSTC10TOPICAL-003624	hahaha, it is just so much fun, the game itself and all the cheering and the fans. How about the animal world, do you take much interest there?	Yeah I am a big fan of animals and nature, how about you?	Most definitely, I love science in general. Crazy to think we share the planet with 20 quintillion other species of animals	Yeah I agree, they are a lot of animals on earth as well, its a shame that the earth has been domesticated
DSTC10TOPICAL-003625	Yes I guess football was not that popular back then as it is now	True. Do you know the highest score in college football?	Yes that is 222-0 when Georgia Tech beat Cumberland	I know that was a good game
DSTC10TOPICAL-003626	yes, I'd like to learn how do that myself. Apparently, you just use a razor blade and a pencil as a diode. I believe that they were called Foxhole radios.	Did you know that you can hear Jupiter radio songs on AM radio?	Well, I think it is radio storms that are so strong that they can be picked up and heard on the AM radio.	yeah. Do you know how the radio storms from Jupiter?
DSTC10TOPICAL-003627	I would if I had that kind of crazy money but it's so many shelter animals it would not be smart.	Have you ever used Pandora Radio?	Yes! I enjoy the service, How about you?	No, I haven't.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003628	Hi do you like movies?	Good Afternoon! Yes, I do enjoy movies and I try to watch a new release at least once a month. You?	That is cool, do not do it as often. One of the ones that I admire the most is star wars series which started in 1977	I wonder if he has any good movies for him as well. The first movie was released by a <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-003629	I didn't know that, do you know if they still do that?	They still make rubber boots yes	Boots have a lot of interesting history in general. I believe the first people to ever be photographed were a man and the cleaner cleaning his boots.	I know that the Indian government burned down the <unk> of the <unk> in the <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-003630	Yes it is indeed. I enjoy the Internet. It's addicting and can cause measurable changes in the brain.	It is hard to get away from the internet. Even Mt Everest has service!	Yes that is so hard to believe! When buying a product or service online, only 7% of people read the full terms.	I am not sure how the internet works. I know the 7% of people read the full terms when buying a product or service on the internet.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003631	Did you know that Hugh Jackman once walked around comic con in his full wolverine costume and no one even noticed him?	haha I didn't know that. That's pretty cool! Sean Bean is so scared of flying that he hiked into location in full costume when filming the Lord of the Rings.	wow that is crazy.. There is a great pianist on tv right now - do you play?	I don't know. I do watch a lot of TV for my kids. I like the <unk> of the <unk> I think I saw him in the movie for the <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-003632	I didnt know that, I wonder if players are ok with that, chips can gather all kinds of info and it can be a bit invasive	Well I think it is only during games so they can get velocity and rotation and such. They must be okay with it since they are keeping them in their pads	Oh I see, so this only applies to games, a thing I dont like about the game is that a lot of the times is wasted on ads, theres only a total of 11 minutes of live play	Yeah that is a long time ago, the game has been around for 11 minutes and also 11 minutes of game game
DSTC10TOPICAL-003633	That is pretty cool that there is no written rule against them and hope to see them in the field soon	Yeah I hope so too. Did you know engineers make more int heir lifetime?	Yeah and I wonder if that fact that they have longer careers has anything to do with that	Yeah and then they meet the sexist requirements.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003634	Ok, yes. It could. I'm not advocating that women. play. In fact, they'd be better off as engineers probably. The average lifetime earnings of an engineer is higher than the average lifetime earnings of an NFL player.	Probably due to injury related early retirement	True. Engineers have fewer concussions.	I would have expected a reason to be a kicker but I don't think it would be a good way to have the NFL in the future.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003635	There's a lot of money in European soccer. I guess it helps to diversity across sports and locations.	Yes, I imagine.	Soccer seems to be a game that's more fun to play than watch. I understand the appeal in countries where people grow up playing it. Recently some American got signed to a European team for a ton of cash. Maybe	I don't know. I think the US uses the money to make the money in the World Cup.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003636	Oh I see, interesting, and yeah, I see your point that definitely sells movies or at least creates interest in them.	The fact that he was so well-known and considered a comic legend just shows how effective he was at those spots. Before Iron Man was released in 2008, many people didn't even realize comics were still being published.	I can imagine after all the whole Marvel franchise is live because of him and will keep on living long after his death.	I guess he didn't know the value of the comic book industry, but I wonder if he was a big fan of the <unk> and the <unk> of the <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-003637	That's interesting, the evolutionary things are so cool, I get the hiccups a lot too.	Haha I think I have the right now. I'm just glad though that Scotland passed a lot to protect the Loch Ness monster back in 1912 just in case it exists lol	That's funny, I'd definitely be a lawyer in Switzerland to represent the animals, love them!	Yes I think that is really sad to me that I would like to hear that about the Loch Ness monster that is protected by the 1912 Scottish <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-003638	You are kind of right, but definitely something underneath is going on with him.	I guess, maybe I don't think it's the big of deal to be upset as long as you acknowledge that it was wrong. A bit of anger can be healthy.	And I have to admit that the reporter was pushing him a little bit.	I think he is a member of the <unk> and the <unk> of the <unk> I think the <unk> are not <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-003639	I think it is a good platform for that by the way.	Not everyone does though. Burger King had a promotions that you got a free whopper if you unfriend 10 people. I wonder what inspired that.	I think that Burger King was just looking for media attention which they got.	I think that is a great idea. I wonder if he has a free whopper to unfriend people and get a free whopper.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003640	Yes I actually have a DIY project in my home right now. Im watching YouTube to complete it.	It is such a great thing. There is actually NOTHING I have tried to look up that I didn't find!	I know, there is a ton of info available, even material from corporations like CBS and BBC, I think YouTube is a great invention.	That is a <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-003641	I have a passing knowledge	Same here. The highest scoring game ever was 222-0! That must have been something to watch!	Either the winning team was just that good or the losing team was just that bad	It was a good point. Did you know that the huddle was created in a deaf quarterback and did not use the <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-003642	It is true, I do enjoy watching the Super Bowl.	Me too although it was pretty boring this year.	Yeah, it was very boring.	I wonder if it is still a <unk> Do you know who the only left handed quarterback in the NFL is?
DSTC10TOPICAL-003643	What tv drama does he act in?	I don't like his movies to be honest. One more celebrity news is that actor Michael caine became an actor because all the prettiest girls at his school were in drama class.	Michael is one of my all-time favorite actors!	That is a good point. Did you know that Jon Hamm taught drama at his old high school and one of his students was Ellie Kemper, Erin from the Office.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003644	I may have seen one a very long time ago. Fox did not think it would succeed so they told George lucas if he directed it he would get all merchandising rights to himself. He must have made a fortune.	Oh I actually knew that about the films! He definitely made a fortune. They thought that the entire franchise would never make any money - especially when it came to toys and such. I bet they regret every bit of	Yes, and his wife Marcia was the reason they made all the good changes. She even won an award for it.	Yeah that is so sad. I wonder if the cast will keep up with the creation of the movie and the movie will be the best
DSTC10TOPICAL-003645	Engineers came up with that! Probably a better profession for women to choose. The average lifetime earnings of an engineer are higher than the average lifetime earnings of an NFL player.	I wonder why that is! Maybe because engineers have to work longer? After all football games only have about 11 minutes of live game play.	True, but there is little risk of concussion as an engineer.	I agree! Do you watch basketball at all? I like watching the old school games and the old school games were actually called "cathode ray tube amusement devices"
DSTC10TOPICAL-003646	I would certainly take the engineer career path in that case. It would certainly be much easier on your body.	Yes, can you believe that in the 60s top pro bowlers made twice as much as footballs players? Talk about a job that's easy on you body!	That would be much easier on your body. I can't imagine that paying more. Times have changed. Were you also aware that 14 of the world's 25 largest stadiums are American college football team stadiums?	That's interesting. I didn't realize that ESPN had a contract with the highest court in the stadium
DSTC10TOPICAL-003647	Wow cool. Did you know that superbowl is very small compared to soccer events?	Wow, I guess since so many people around the works like the sport	Yeah true. Did you know Greenland cannot join FIFA?	I think they have no idea where they qualify
DSTC10TOPICAL-003648	Yeah. Did you know women can play in the NFL?	Yea there is no rule against that as long as they qualify	Yes. The game average is only 11 minutes of play anyways	Yes and they have a good day
DSTC10TOPICAL-003649	Isn't that crazy? Almost as crazy as the thought that it is impossible to separate two phonebooks whose pages have overlapped.	Yeah or that the cables carrying phone and internet data are under water lying on the oceans floor.	Are you a Simpsons fan? There is only one episode where Bart is not present, or even mentioned.	No I have not but I have seen that show. It was nice talking to you!
DSTC10TOPICAL-003650	Yeah, I think I saw him play the piano in several films some of them had Jazz songs.	Clint is great! He is not much of a singer though. On a related note, Im astonished that Pakistan has a jazz orchestra. I did not imagine jazz as popular in that part of the world.	Pakistan has an orchestra? that is an interesting fact indeed, do you know why trumpeters grew goatees?	I have no idea but it is a hard apartment. I wonder how many jazz players have to be.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003651	No, I've never heard anything like that. I did hear, though, that there's a website where you can listen to thousands of episodes of classic radio dramas for free although I never had the pleasure of doing so.	Interesting, I'm not a huge fan of classic radio dramas.	Me neither but I like to investigate old school. Old school is interesting. As a matter of old school, did you know that the circular huddle in football was created by Paul D. Hubbard, a deaf QB, so the other	That's pretty funny. Did you know that the circular huddle was invented by a deaf quarterback so he didn't use the huddle?
DSTC10TOPICAL-003652	For almost each trip I make when I don't know where it is, especially on out of town trips	same, i use it a lot when i'm going to familiar places too in order to see if there is traffic on the road or an accident	Whenever Google goes down even for one second, there is usually a big uproar by users	Yeah that is so cool. did you know that the first google search was on the google search floor of android phones
DSTC10TOPICAL-003653	yeah! it was founded back in 1923 and it is definitely approaching 100 years. That seems really insane to me	It definitely has established itself as a leader in the animation industry. Everyone knows who they are and has seen a Disney movie!	Yes I agree! What is your favorite Disney movie by the way? I really like The Little Mermaid and Beauty and the Beast	I like the <unk> <unk> <unk> which is the <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-003654	No! What teams did that?	Georgia Tech versus Cumberland.	That sounds like two college teams. That couldn't have been any time recently right?	I know. They went down for five minutes and took half of the game.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003655	No I didn't know that! Doesn't seem like that makes any sense to me haha. Did you know that our rules for elections changed in 1805?	I agree. No I did not. How did they change?	Originally the runner-up would become vice president. So in our last election we would had vice president Hillary Clinton and president Trump. Talk about a lot of drama haha	I did not know that. I am surprised that the Beatles were the first president to be photographed for his inauguration.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003656	That is crazy! You could buy an xbox for a whole lot less! Did you know that South Korea has laws on how late at night kids can play video games?	no! How late? do you know?	I do. They can't play past midnight.	That is a little bit for the computer. Do you use Playstation?
DSTC10TOPICAL-003657	It is very helpful to view football though.	Yes. A simple thing can make a huge difference.	Yes, most of the best inventions are very simple. Do you like the Patriots?	I like to follow the Superbowl and I really like the Patriots.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003658	Power to the animals! Germany also protects them as they were the first country to universally give animals constitutional rights!	That's hilarious! There's a jellyfish that can live forever.	Wow. blessing and a curse I suppose. I hate getting the hiccups but apparently its from early evolution of having both gills and lungs.	That's interesting. Did you know hiccups are a holdover from early evolution when early land animals had both gills and lungs?
DSTC10TOPICAL-003659	I have read some. Mostly online. I was never a Marvel fan until the movies came out though. Unless it was someone big like Spiderman. It amazing how release times of movies can affect each other.	Spiderman is very popular. The rights cost Sony $10 mill	They seem like a company who should make that much. They created a superhero for a 4 year old boy, just so he would be more comfortable about his hearing aids.	I didn't know that. I guess Marvel comics was created in the comics and now they were created in the UK.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003660	Hi, how are you? Are you ready for a fine chat today?	For sure. Do you watch the NFL at all?	The NFL? The National Football League? Yes, I've heard of it. Is it any good?	I find it interesting that the top 3 in the US supreme court building has a basketball court on the top floor
DSTC10TOPICAL-003661	Yeah I agree with you on that. Do you know what the average actual time of gameplay is for an average NFL game?	Something like 10 minutes, right? I think I heard that when they were talking about the chips in the shoulder pads of the players.	Yeah it's only 11 minutes of actual gameplay, the rest is spent calling plays and moving chains and stuff. Yeah I have heard about that too, very interesting.	True. I guess they have no rule against it. It has been so nice chatting with you.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003662	I don't know. I think their hands are a bit tied because there are not many options for Quarterback on the team.	I was hoping that the Giants would put him to play instead of Eli	I think they will. Eli is already 37 years old.	I don't know how many players do that.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003663	It was really good. A different type of marvel movie which was great	I like the comedy ones. i am not really into explosions and fight scenes. they get old.	That is a good point, seeing it once was good enough to like. It was so nice chatting with you!	You as well. Have a good one.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003664	That is a lot. Did you know there is a town , where the Mayor is a cat?	I think that is in Alaska, right?	Yes, the town is Talkeetna, and the cat has been major since 1997	That is pretty cool. Do you remember the <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-003665	What kind of book is it?	I suppose it depends on who you ask. I believe that he believes it's spiritual but a critic called it cult like and creepy.	What do you think though?	I think it is a good character to be honest.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003666	That was a good game. They started out as a playing card company. I didn't know they owned the Mariners.	No I didn't know that either. I also didn't know that they made a handheld system just for the game Pokemon back in 2001, I wonder what system that was	I never heard of that either. I wonder if it was only for the Japanese market? At the Mariners games, you can install an app for the 3DS to order food.	Haha that's true. I think it is just a thing that we don't have to put them in the whole movie or something, maybe it should change the name of the <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-003667	Hahaha I wonder. Do you know what the highest score in football is?	Yeah, that would be the Georgia Tech crushing of Cumberland, 222-0. Ouch!	I know I wonder how they felt after that	Well, it was a good game for Georgia Tech and Cumberland
DSTC10TOPICAL-003668	Yes, I do! I just hope it is not hosted by Jimmy Kimmel again. Do you plan on watching?	yes if i can remember the day. will you have a viewing party?	Usually just watch it by myself. What does a viewing party consist of exactly?	i have not seen that show but i do watch it sometimes.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003669	It's amazing how much technology is used in the NFL these days	Yes, I was reading about the chips that they're using in shoulder pads. I hope the data they gather that way will be used to prevent injuries.	And it's interesting how ESPN won an Emmy for that yellow line they created.	A lot of the players have a better job than the <unk> <unk> <unk> the <unk> of the <unk> <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-003670	Do you watch the rest of the NFL? I do even though there is 11 minutes of actual action in a 3 hour broadcast.	I do, games tend to be really long and Im not convinced by that fact, games seem to last a lot longer, gameplay and all, I wonder if its actually true	Well the NFL tracks everything. They even have chips in shoulder pads and footballs for tracking so I am pretty sure they are accurate.	Yeah that is a lot of strategy for sure, I wonder how much the game has to be,
DSTC10TOPICAL-003671	Yeah he is definitely very smart. I guess there is also a theory where there is just one electron in the whole universe as well.	hmm that is strange I haven't heard that, kim jong un has a degree in physics so maybe he knows haha	Holy cow, I didn't know that about him, very interesting.	ya that is a lot of money, he is one of the only persons in the universe
DSTC10TOPICAL-003672	Are you a fan of Tom Cruise?	I do like some of his movies.	Did you know Seinfeld is worth more than Tom Cruise and Tom Hanks combined?	I did not. I think his wife is more than him from the other two.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003673	Yeah I hope we get to see them in the field at some point	Yeah me too. THe gameplay is only 11 minutes anyways	Yes and yet we are glued to the tv for hours on end	Yeah and then they make the game safer
DSTC10TOPICAL-003674	That's interesting! Will you be watching the Superbowl? I heard it's coming up	I hope the Eagles make it again. Hopefully they don't have to set up a court though	Ha. I don't usually watch football but will probably watch the Superbowl. The suspense is exciting.	I agree, I hope they have to play on their team so I would not want to see any of them
DSTC10TOPICAL-003675	I do not really, are they good? Maybe I should check them out	Well there is a free website of them if you would like to check it out	Yeah that is nice. Did you know that there is a radio station that turns solar energy into tunes	I did not know that. They are using pencils and pencils
DSTC10TOPICAL-003676	That seems unfair. A lot about football seems unfair. For example, New Orleans Saints cheerleaders can't eat in the same restaurant as any NFL player. If they are already dining at a restaurant and an NFL player comes in after,	That is so wrong and sexist, I cannot believe they still have that rule. Did you know ESPN won an Emmy once?	I believe it. ESPN has been around for a long time. They should have won at least once.	I think that is why it is so popular that they play against the other team to play the game.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003677	I bet they are regretting this choice and someone definetely got fired lol, It sure cost them billions.	The franchise itself is worth $65 billion.	I like that Star Wars explored the universe, although many things of the movie are fiction it made me wonder as a kid, you know that there are stars that are cold enough that can be touched with bare hands	I like how they tried to destroy a <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-003678	That is interesting, it goes to show just how big the NFL has gotten since then.	I think engineers make more, as well.	Over the average career they do, I think it takes in account how long their careers are compared to pro sports players.	Yeah. I like watching the Super Bowl and the Super Bowl was a lot of money.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003679	Good morning! Yes, I am. What about you?	I watch mostly college, but I tend to watch most during playoff time.	That's cool, I like NFL football.	I like the NFL but I like the <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-003680	Yeah I recently just found that out. Would you say you're pretty religious?	You would think since there's only 11 minutes of live NFL gameplay, we'd at least have a female kicker by now, right? But I do like to read the Bible from time to time. What about you?	Right, I can't believe it's so short considering a game is like 3 hours long when watching it. I am not too religious but I do read the Bible from time to time	Agreed! I wonder if the author has a fantasy book about the <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-003681	I didn't know that. What did they win it for?	It was pretty strange but they got it for inventing the superimposed yellow line	Interesting! RB Former RB Benjarvus Green-Ellis never fumbled during his NFL career. That's pretty incredible.	I wonder why he was not allowed to do that in the NFL
DSTC10TOPICAL-003682	Right!! Are you interested in football history? I'm looking forward to the Super Bowl coming up. The original first NFL playoff game was way back in 1932.	That is wild, to be honest I kind of thought that playoff games happened earlier than that, I do know that the highest scoring football game was 222-0 although I don't remember what teams were playing	Wow. That must have been some boring game! The game today is so technologically involved. They even use tracking chips to monitor the ball speed, etc. and the players moves.	haha that is crazy, I wonder how much more than football, the NFL has more computing power than the US nuclear icbm deterrent
DSTC10TOPICAL-003683	Matt Patricia is a male lol, he is a rocket scientist and also a coach in the NFL	Wow, I feel a little embarrassed for not knowing that, first chance I get I will read upon him.	Patricia its a girls name so don't worry its an honest mistake, he must be a really smart guy though being a rocket scientist and all	I wonder what he was going to do with him.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003684	New orleans saints cheerleaders are forbidden from eating in the same restaurant as any nfl player and if they are already dining at a restaurant and an nfl player comes in after, the cheerleaders are required to leave. Isn't this	Yeah, that's pretty crazy. The average lifetime earnings of an engineer is higher than the average lifetime earnings of an nfl player and an average mlb player.	Now that's suprising. I wonder how much would that be	Well they only make a lot of money. The only one in the NFL has no net worth of 32 million
DSTC10TOPICAL-003685	Hi there, do you watch the NFL games?	The NFL? The National Football League? I've heard of it. Is that still around?	Yeah of course it is a big deal nowadays. Much bigger than in the 60 when Bowling was a bigger sport	That's true. I wonder why the US has the chance to play football in the US?
DSTC10TOPICAL-003686	Same here. The highest scoring game ever was 222-0! That must have been something to watch!	Either the winning team was just that good or the losing team was just that bad	Or both! Did you know in the NFL they only play for around 11 minutes per game?	I don't know. I wonder how much they call it
DSTC10TOPICAL-003687	Well he is doing what it takes to stay at the top of his game at age 40	coupled with avocado ice cream as well.	Did you know that the visiting football teams is completely painted pink ?	No I am not surprised that is the most popular sport in the world.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003688	A Mars colonization project planned for 2023 will be funded by creating a reality TV show.	What the heck, I wonder who will sign up for that show?	HAHA no idea!	I would love to see that. I am not sure if I would watch the movie by the <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-003689	Me too. Hopefully nothing wrong with Lebron	im not a lebron fan !!! im hoping something is a little wrong with him haha	whatever. Btw, do you watch football games this season	yeah i watch it in the day
DSTC10TOPICAL-003690	Google employees that need help could improve their knowledge by reading it.	Did you know robots can be controlled by using rat brains?	I heard that it's personality is changed depending on the brain they used.	I don't know anything else will be on it. It is amazing that robots can debone a chicken with surgical precision.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003691	Yes they do. I wonder how big they are.	Me too! Interesting that they live underwater too	seems like you can't escape bugs anywhere from the ocean to the sky	It would be a <unk> <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-003692	He really does, he was drafted as a number one pick in 2005 too.	Do you go to football games? I've been to one once in my life at Indiana University.	Ive been to quite a few at Florida State, but no pro games. There is only 11 minutes of live action anyway	<unk> those guys are amazing. Did you know that the circular huddle was invented by a deaf quarterback?
DSTC10TOPICAL-003693	That's great. Did you know that espn won an award.	Yes! It is so interesting to learn the history behind things such as the symbols representing first down lines in American football games.	I haven't heard about those. I do know they are going to add tracking chips in the padding of the players.	I think I read that on a long time ago but I don't know how the psychology behind the psychology behind that was a real thing.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003694	I honestly can say I do not remember a science fiction film winning an Oscar for best picture. It usually ends up be some dramatic movie or something. Its possible they may have won before my time, but I don't	Yeah, what's you're favorite sci-fi film?	Off the top of my head I can't think of one. I love movies dealing with aliens and such though. I also enjoy when the sci fi has a little bit of a fear element to it. What is your	That's true, I have a <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-003695	I am not positive, but I think the original 1977.	Yea that one is my favorite. It's crazy the entire Star Wars franchise is worth 65 billion	Wow yes, I remember it was one of the most popular and high rated movie that brought in millions.	Really? That is a lot of money for the movie. I like that Jim Carrey was making a role in an actor because he didn't like the movie
DSTC10TOPICAL-003696	I hope so too. On another topic, do you know anything about the Bible?	I do actually. I know that is has sold over 5 billion copies now	That is a lot of books. I guess that is why is one of the most influential books in history	A lot of people read the bible and not the bible
DSTC10TOPICAL-003697	Hello, How are you? Do you like football?	Football? Yes, it is a great game! The world loves the football!	Yes, especially the US, the NFL. were you meaning the soccer game?	I don't know who the team is. I would be curious to watch the University of the NFL.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003698	Do you watch the NFL?	A little, you? I can't watch like i use to years ago so im not current.	Which of the 32 teams is your favorite?	I am a big fan of the teams and I know they are located in the <unk> and they are located in the teams and teams
DSTC10TOPICAL-003699	I guess? They say Shakespeare's works take on a different meaning when performed with an era appropriate accent instead of a modern one. I think I'd like to watch and listen to one.	I would too. I wonder if he could play piano?	He may have, he seemed very talented. Can you play piano?	I do, I used to play trumpet and I am not really into the piano though.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003700	I can't even imagine what it must have felt like to lose that badly. I think the game should have been stopped.	Yea that is a pretty appalling performance by Cumberland, there hasn't been a worse performance in over a 100 years	That's an interesting fact. What do you think about the team that painted the opposing teams locker room pink?	Yea, it's a shame that the players have to play the game of the NFL, they have a lot of players
DSTC10TOPICAL-003701	It is 222-0 and it dates back to 1916 when Georgia Tech beat Cumberland	Yeah what a game really. Did you know ESPN won an Emmy once?	Yeah they won it for the superimposed yellow line and I am happy about that .	Yes. It was only one of the highest score in football games
DSTC10TOPICAL-003702	222-0. I dont even see how that is possible. That one team must have been really bad.	Perhaps a combination of the winning team being just that good and the losing team being so bad	Ive seen some blow outs, but never by that much.	I always wondered how the huddle came from being a kid to be a science fiction team.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003703	I would think for sure Trump would be the wealthiest! Maybe Trump could make some pop albums while in office like the president in Indonesia did! haha, that would bring in more money! Then he could have concerts too! haha,	Maybe he can make it to the top 3 if he sold a decent amount of albums lol, it would be crazy and it is sure fun to imagine.	Wouldn't it! I wonder if the president ever goes to any Football games or goes to concerts, or rather have them come to him lol....I love concerts and have been to many but not any lately.	I can't believe that I have been to a lot of concerts for the past years and I think it's a good way to be a country for the best
DSTC10TOPICAL-003704	Yeah and won an award for it.	Do you like baseball? A married couple scheduled all the games up until 2005. In fact they scheduled 2430 games.	That is a lot of time dedicated to baseball lol I hope they got paid! It is nice when couples have a hobby that they are so passionate about though.	That's a lot of money. I am not a fan of the NFL though. Did you know that the average NFL game only has 11 minutes of live gameplay?
DSTC10TOPICAL-003705	They did not use a Bible at their swearing-in ceremonies. I think they swore on the Constitution.	It interesting how the work apple came about	That is an interesting coincidence. The word "malus" means both apple and evil. So Eve actually ate evil.	Did you know that the US government has the most effective <unk> in the US to be the most important part of the internet?
DSTC10TOPICAL-003706	Wow. Do you like the nfl?	I sure do. Did you know Snoop Dog wrote a song for his son's team?	Cool. Did you know U of Iowa painted the visitor locker room pink?	I did not know that. I wonder if they have a pink locker room pink
DSTC10TOPICAL-003707	That is crazy, then why does it take 3 hours? Seems like it should move along faster.	They must be going from snap to whistle but that still seems way low.	I agree with that, it must be all the commercials	True. The NFL has no rules for the <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-003708	Ya, I would say that from my experience that means that 40% of the music on a canadian radio is probably not very good haha	Right!! Are you interested in football history? I'm looking forward to the Super Bowl coming up. The original first NFL playoff game was way back in 1932.	That is wild, to be honest I kind of thought that playoff games happened earlier than that, I do know that the highest scoring football game was 222-0 although I don't remember what teams were playing	Yeah, that is a very serious <unk> I guess the Patriots are not the biggest steal in the NFL and the NFL has to be so many of the games that are left in.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003709	Oh for sure! Do you like science at all?	I do like science, I think that scientists make big contributions to society, they make human kind better and smarter.	Well said! Did you know the NFL has a coach who was a rocket scientist?	I think he was the coach of the <unk> I guess he took so much talent to do that.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003710	Yes I guess they also have longer careers to it adds up	True. Did you hear of that rule for Saints cheerleaders?	Yes they are not allowed to eat in the same place as the players	Yes they have no rule against them
DSTC10TOPICAL-003711	You never know I guess, time will tell. Did you hear about them using tracking chips on the players while in the field?	I knew they track he balls, but they track players too?	Yes it is in their shoulder pads and they are tracking stuff like velocity and rotation and such	I know that they are collecting data and such. In the case, it is so much safer for the players.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003712	Yes that was for the indian releases because they were afraid to insult them	Yeah. Do you like fiction work?	I do. Do you know who wrote the oldest example of a cyborg?	Yes he was the science fiction and science fiction
DSTC10TOPICAL-003713	Um, no, I don't. I don't know much about football. There are many teams in many places and many players with many faces.	Yeah that is true. Do you know how many teams are there?	There are probably 2 or 3 dozen that are good at football. Good enough to be professional.	Yeah there is a lot of <unk> Do you know where the National Football <unk> is from?
DSTC10TOPICAL-003714	Yeah I think I have read about that rule, seems a bit outdated to me.	Yea, there is no way anyone would support that or they would be fighting for their rights	Agreed, did you know that there is NO rule on female players?	Yeah they are pretty cool how they can track how they are even able to get out of their
DSTC10TOPICAL-003715	I would imagine that the graphics were very different between the 3 different versions.	Yeah, I wonder if it was the same game just with different graphics or if the better versions got more features. That would've confused the heck outta me, having 3 versions of the same game.	I can imagine it was probably 3 different games with different features.	I am not sure. I think it was the excitement of the <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-003716	yes, i dont really know golf and swimming well but they look like interesting activities.	Same here. I've heard that students at Cornell have to pass a basic swimming test before they can graduate.	i wonder where that came from. maybe other colleges require the same sort of things, i dunno.	Yeah, you know a lot of people can swim.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003717	yea that rule forbidding cheerleader from the same place as football players is outdated and sexist	I agree. Pretty funny that U of Iowa painted their visitor's locker room pink though	Yea, Iowa must be trying to psych out the visiting team with those pink locker rooms lol	I bet it was pretty funny. The first team to beat the opposing team was painted pink
DSTC10TOPICAL-003718	No I haven't. How much can stars make?	Some make more than 100,000 per weekend!	Wow, pretty cool. Seems like it would be good to break up the routine as well.	It looks like a terrible <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-003719	That would be scary. When you turn 100 in Japan, the PM sends you a silver cup to celebrate.	Do a lot of people turn a 100 in Japan?	Apparently they do. They will need to start making cheaper silver cups lol.	I think the US is very much smaller than the US.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003720	I like to watch football, yeah, not my favorite sport but its nice	Yeah I watch it from time to time too. DO you like Tom Brady?	He is the QB for the Patriots right? I guess he is a great player, I watched the last Super bowl and he threw an amazing pass	I think he is the 199th overall in the NFL, I wonder if he will ever win that season
DSTC10TOPICAL-003721	it does i only know that the super bowl is in the first week of February.	They only rest one of the 17 weeks of the season.	Yes it's called a bye week. apparently the patriots fans have their own creed called in bill we trust.	<unk> did you know the patriots are the only team to win the superbowl and the <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-003722	I do sometimes. Did you know you can catch Jupiter's storms on am radio	Wow cool. Among the most popular radio acts in the 30s was a ventriloquist	Hmm interesting. Have you ever heard of foxhole radio and what they are?	Yes that is a website that you listen to them
DSTC10TOPICAL-003723	Oh I think I would have too haha. Maybe back when it was painted people cared less about football, like in the 1960s when even bowlers made more money.	Yeah I think that Bowlers made like twice as much as football stars actually, what do you think about ESPN winning an Emmy though? They want it back or creating the yellow line that you see in football for first	Oh I didn't know that! I think that's nice though, they certainly deserve recognition for it. I know Benjarvus Green-Ellis never fumbled the ball, I wonder if he got an award for it too.	Yep I think that is a good thing to do with that haha. I would like to see that one though, I think that would be a boring game to see them
DSTC10TOPICAL-003724	That is probably because they want to raise awareness of breast cancer. A lot of football players get breast cancer.	Maybe, I do not know the reason behind it. Bowlers seems made more money in the 60s than the football players	Bowlers probably were the ideal athletes back in the day and got respect for it. They never painted the lanes or the ball pink. Little breast cancer awareness.	I guess football is a sport that has to be a football team to play football and then the other team is not as popular as the NFL
DSTC10TOPICAL-003725	i loved the movie. did you watch it?	No, but I guess I better watch the DVD. Is it time for woman's equality among the superheroes?	yeah. it was the highest grossing superhero origin movie?	They were the <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-003726	Hello. Do you use Google much? A single Google search is so powerful!	I love Google, it is the #1 search engine, how about you	Yes I love it too. I mention that it was a powerful search engine. A single search requires more computing power than it took to send Neil Armstrong to the moon.	Wow that is pretty cool, I love Google and google maps are using the goats to mow the grass
DSTC10TOPICAL-003727	Oh my gosh, you are a wealth of knowledge. I love it	Bugs sure are interesting, to think they can be found in almost every environment!	I imagine that there is a vast amount of species of insects and bugs. I never would've realized that there are even bugs in the ocean.	I think it is like the <unk> I think it was the first species to do it back in the day, what about you?
DSTC10TOPICAL-003728	I did not know that! I wonder how many have tried out for the NFL.	I don't think any have tried. It would have been big news.	Yeah. I wonder if it will ever happen.	I don't know. It was nice chatting with you.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003729	wow that is interesting. did you watch wonder woman?	I did, and it was a great movie! It's no wonder that it's the highest-grossing superhero movie	yeah and also the highest grossing WWI movie too	I think it's a good movie. I have seen it as a <unk> I think it's hard to believe that the movie has been on the <unk> of the <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-003730	Yeah, kissing is kind of a weird concept though when you think about it. There is a contest where writers try to come up with the worst possible opening sentence to a novel. I wonder what it is.	Hmm, coming up with the worse opening line in a novel actually sounds quite challenging	Yeah, I'm betting some of them are pretty funny.	I wonder how much it would be considered a moral panic over the spread of novels
DSTC10TOPICAL-003731	Hi there, do you watch the NFL?	Yes, I like to watch nfl games, do you like the games also?	Yes me too. Did you know the U of Iowa visitor locker room is pink?	No I have not heard of that, I think that is a good game to watch the game
DSTC10TOPICAL-003732	ahhh, sorry ;) I thought we're talking about a game where players use their feet to kick the ball :)	That'	That's football :)	Good night.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003733	They really did here we are almost 50 years later and it is still going strong!	That's my childhood! It shocks me to see that the value of the Star Wars franchise is $65 billion!	And that makes it only the 5th highest grossing media franchise. I wonder what beat it?	Hard to believe the first Star Wars film was on the 20th Century
DSTC10TOPICAL-003734	They have certainly grown pretty fast. I love YouTube!	i do too! i also like google maps. Do you use that a lot?	For almost each trip I make when I don't know where it is, especially on out of town trips	Thats great, I like to check out the web traffic when it was founded in 2005
DSTC10TOPICAL-003735	well they stuck to it it seems. Did you know U of Iowa painted the visitor locker room pink?	I think that has something to do with the breast cancer awareness movement or something.	I am not sure actually. I hope that is the reason. Did you know bowlers made more money than football players in the 60s?	I wonder if they could do that in the game. I think they should be a lot of people in the game.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003736	Did you know that New Orleans Saints cheerleaders cannot eat in the same restaurant as a Saints player? They have to leave the place if the player comes in.	I recently seen this somewhere, and thought was outrageous.	I think it is outrageous too because what if the cheerleader is with her family? Does that mean the cheerleader has to immediately stop eating and leave?	That is an interesting rule. The NFL is a big part of the NFL. The NFL is not allowed to leave the New Orleans Saints cheerleader for the Saints
DSTC10TOPICAL-003737	I didn't, but that makes sense. I think they got an Emmy for it! Aren't the Emmy's for TV shows? That's so weird.	To them it is still a show I guess. In 1916 georgia tech won 222 to zero	What?! That's crazy. And since an average game is only 11 minutes in actual live gameplay, that's especially insane!	I am not sure how they do that. I wonder how many other teams have the same time and the other team is the same as the other team
DSTC10TOPICAL-003738	No, especially high school football. I find really boring. You?	Yeah I follow the NFL just a bit, but only my local team I would say.	I have to agree with the parents who don't want their children to play because of health concerns	Yeah that is an interesting fact but I do not think they are able to do anything like that.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003739	Women can play football? What does ESPN think of this? I suppose it doesn't effect their yellow line.	The game is really not that long, the average game is only 11 minutes of live gameplay	11 minutes is not that long a game, even for anyone to play!	It was a bit of a <unk> I wonder if it will be the same <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-003740	I agree. Do you know where the button down is?	Yes that is the collar tips fasten to the body of the shirt. ANd button down?	Button down is when they do not fasten to the shirt	That is a lot of people to use facebook for a company
DSTC10TOPICAL-003741	Yeah. DO you like the NFL?	I love it. Did you know women can play in the NFL too?	Yes as there is no rule that prevents them from playing	Yeah. In any case, there was a game of the NFL in the NFL
DSTC10TOPICAL-003742	Hi, I watch occasionally. Most big games like Super Bowl.	I didn't watch the Super Bowl this year. The Patriots won again, right?	Yes they did. The coach Belichick is the winningest coach in NFL postseason football with 21 wins. 20 of those with the Pats.	Yeah I heard that too. The Patriots have been a lot of good fans. Did you know that the Patriots have a team that has been played for over 20 years?
DSTC10TOPICAL-003743	Brady has to come crashing down eventually, with Belichick.	Yeah I would say that run is about over. It was a good one though. They dominated for a long time.	They were fun to watch before they were always expected to win	Yeah, I think that is pretty good.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003744	That shows how quickly things can change. Most pro football players don't have long careers. I wonder how much they make compared to other professions over their lifetime.	Well, I also read that average lifetime earnings of an engineer is higher than the average lifetime earnings of an average NFL player.	That's pretty interesting. Do you read the bible much or are you not religious?	I do read a lot of time on the bible. Did you know that the Bible was actually banned in the early 1990's?
DSTC10TOPICAL-003745	Yea I am more of a dog person. Haha yeah I would agree with you. All they do is sleep. At the age of 15 , a cat will have spent 10 of those years sleeping. So boring! !	How do cats always have good things happen to them though? I mean the stray cat found on set that was then in the Godfather is probably living the good life.	Yes I bet he is. Must be that whole 9 lives business. They can just relive until they get good fortune. Also quite surprising there are 70 cat breeds, seems like a lot to me.	I think that the owner of the <unk> and the <unk> are so <unk> and <unk> I think that the dogs are the <unk> and they have to be <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-003746	From personal experience, I can confirm that football is religion in the south.	You having southern experience, did you know the New Orleans cheerleaders are forbidden from eating at a restaurant that a player is in? That's crazy, almost as crazy as the Rams robbing the Saints from being in the Super Bowl.	Yes, and if the cheerleaders are eating and the players come in the restaurant, the cheerleaders have to leave.	Yes. That is a <unk> to me. I wonder what the stats will happen to the <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-003747	Well, that is awesome, I guess he did get what he wanted.	I guess? They say Shakespeare's works take on a different meaning when performed with an era appropriate accent instead of a modern one. I think I'd like to watch and listen to one.	I would too. I wonder if he could play piano?	I heard the one of the old <unk> of the <unk> I was able to play the piano. I guess the <unk> of the <unk> was the <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-003748	Yeah I know but they got it after all. Do you know who Benjarvus Green-Ellis is?	Never heard of him. Is he famous? What does he do?	yeah he is a former QB who never fumbled the ball in his career	Wow, that is impressive. Did you know that he has a <unk> <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-003749	Oh wow, I guess they had a lot of money back then. did you know the guest house is larger than the white house?	haha I didn't know that seems odd, also odd is the president of Zimbabwe's name is President Banana haha	yeah I wonder if that means something else in their language though	I guess I wonder how much they have made, I guess they have more money than the president of Indonesia, I wonder how much he has
DSTC10TOPICAL-003750	Oh interesting. House is awesome because of Hugh Laurie. Makes sense he makes 700,000 per episode.	that was so much money per episode. He made the show awesome for sure!	Yes no doubt about that. He is the highest paid actor for any tv drama!	I did not know that. I like how he has a lot of drama in the show. I like that he has a lot of money to do that.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003751	I might look it up and tune in after this chat haha. How do you feel the president of the united states is doing?	I am surprised that he is not in the top 3 wealthiest presidents.	After inflation, I am surprised as well. He comes from a business background, so I was expecting him to be able to make much better decisions. It just goes to show you that politics are a much different beast than	I agree. I also read that the president of Indonesia has released 3 pop albums while in office!
DSTC10TOPICAL-003752	Yeah pretty neat. THe game only has 11 minutes of active play after all	Yeah that is short and we are glued to the tv for so long watching the game	Exactly. Did you know engineers make more than them over their lifetime?	Yes and they are glued to the tv for 16 years
DSTC10TOPICAL-003753	I have not. cold stars? i thought stars were hot.	I did too. But apparently there are stars in the known universe that are cold enough to be touched by the human hand.	i guess that could be interesting. i would rather mars. or the moon.	Yeah, I think it is hard to be <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-003754	I don't think I've seen any of those.	ok cool.	Have you watched any of them?	No I haven't. I have a podcast about the story of the story of the <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-003755	I don't know what year it was, just that they were the first team to win back to back World Series and they haven't won since.	The World Series is popular in the US, but not around the world. In fact, the women's world cup gets a bigger TV audience. Maybe if they allowed women in the MLB, things would change.	Yes, who knows!	I agree. Do you think the sport is divided in the US? I think the sport is a sport that is not as popular as the Cubs and the Cubs win the World Series in 2016.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003756	I liked to play with my dad when I was younger, but don't keep much up with it now. I like football and other sports more. How about you?	I played more when I was younger and had more free time. I'm a bigger football fan. Did you know that the University of Iowa had their visitors locker room painted pink? Must have been to mess with opponents minds.	Yeah, but seems a little sexist, frankly. It's a pretty sexist industry of a whole, despite technically allowing women to play.	Yeah, that is a good point. And it is really boring to be honest.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003757	Hi, how are you?	I'm doing good, how about yourself?	I am well, thanks! Do you watch the olympics?	I watch some of the <unk> I am watching the <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-003758	At my age, I prefer to play baseball, but prefer to watch football. You?	I don't play either anymore haha although I'm not that old. I like to watch football a little bit more but they run during different seasons so I can watch both.	You know, back in the 1960s, bowlers would make more money than football players. Now that is a sport I cannot understand why people would watch rather than play.	That is a crazy game that is a lot of money and also a lot of money
DSTC10TOPICAL-003759	Hello, do you like the movie Batman?	I sure do. Do you know what is was originally based on?	I do not know what , what? There were also plans to build a gotham city theme park	I am not sure but I know that he is a billionaire and did not have a <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-003760	Hello, do you like Walt Disney?	I like Disney! How about you!	I do as well. Did you know Minnie Mouse's name is short for Minerva Mouse?	I did not know that. I wonder why they are remaking the <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-003761	I sure do. How about yourself?	Me too. Did you know women can play in the NFL too?	Did not know there, are there limitations though?	I am not sure. I think the players should be the most effective player
DSTC10TOPICAL-003762	I have never heard of that and I don't think I'll want to visit any time soon. I do want to watch a live football game some time though, have you ever been to one?	ya it was a long time ago, I personally only like games on tv, much cheaper and easier to see, I'm glad espn invented the yellow first down line on tv haha	Yeah and they even won an emmy or some type of award for it, I wonder what category that invention for that award falls under.	I don't know about that, I know that the inventor of the game was an undertaker.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003763	Yeah I guess. Good for them for playing till the end. ESPN won an award once, an Emmy, do you know what for? It is related to football?	I heard about this, they won the emmy for creating the virtual yellow line on the field, right? !	Yeah that was it. Apparently bowlers made more money than football players back in the 60s	Wow, I didn't know that, so that is so much <unk> I wonder how the game was so popular in the first game
DSTC10TOPICAL-003764	I am really not that into football but I do follow it some. I heard something funny one time. That the university of iowa's visiting locker room is painted completely pink	Yeah I wonder what the reasoning behind that was. Did you know women can play too?	Wow I didn't know that. I saw that an average nfl game has only 11 minutes of actual play time	I know that is a great game. I would be surprised to see that the average game only has 11 minutes of live gameplay.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003765	We always watch the Superbowl, will have a couple people over but nothing big. I am rooting for the Patriots though!	haha me too, do you like Michael Caine? I guess he only got into acting to chase cute girls haha	Haha, that's funny! He made the right choice to get into drama! I like Jim Carrey in Drama films but he won't do drama anymore. Love his comedy too though.	that is a great movie! I love him and he was a great actor and he was the first actor to do that
DSTC10TOPICAL-003766	Cool. Brady was a backup QB in high school and was never started	wow they wasted a good chance to win some games there	Yeah. Do you know Alex Smith completed college in two years?	Yes he is a QB and he has already won a lot
DSTC10TOPICAL-003767	Maybe he can sell it for a profit later on, and use his celebrity status to up the price. Are you a fan of the Star Wars films?	yeah that is possible. that will still not be enough to lift the ban that the city of paris put on him	Paris banned Tom Cruise? Why?	that is true. did you know that the movie was created in the movie and was not aware of that
DSTC10TOPICAL-003768	Somewhat, I know he's a rapper and was in Degrassi	Nice. He graduated high school at the age of 25 in 2012. He must have quit and went back?	I guess so, most people graduate college before 25, not high school like Drake	I think he is a good <unk> He failed to pursue a career in his career
DSTC10TOPICAL-003769	Yeah, all the miracles and resurrection. Up until 1963 the Bible was a required read in elementary education	Not surprising. I'm glad they took that out though. I don't think religion should be forced on kids.	Me too, it is a choice. The Biblical tower of Babel seem to be based on a real building that exists today	I wonder if the Bible was in the <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-003770	I see. do you know that the highest score ever in a football game occurred in 1916, and the score was 222-0	Yes, I had heard that before! I wonder how much money football players made in that time. I heard that in the 1960s it was only half as much as popular bowlers of the time.	Yeah, that fact surprised me a lot.	At least the players are not allowed to play in the NFL. I wonder how many women play in the game.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003771	What do you think about the dodo bird? I'm kind of sad that it is extinct but at least it is related to pigeons	I would love to of seen a real dodo, they look much cooler than pigeons	Yep I agree. It's crazy to me that bird bones are actually Hollow and weigh less than their feathers	I wonder if they are a good way to make a <unk> in the <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-003772	Yes, and that James Cameron decided to quit his truck driving job to enter the film industry after watching Star Wars?	Talk about a good career move that would pay off down the road! Marcia Lucas was the reason for some major changes to the original movie and won an academy award for editing the film.	Another fun fact that I learned is that there's a toy Hans Solo in every Firefly episode. I loved Firefly too!	I would love to see the film that would be directed by a woman.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003773	Yeah, that is pretty crazy. Did you know an iphone has more computing power than the entire US Nuclear ICBM deterrent.	Isn't that crazy? I didn't know that. Unicef will donate a day of clean water to a child in need for every minute you don't use your cell phone. Sign me up. lol	Interesting. Did you know that Jupiter has radio storms that can be heard on AM radio here?	That's pretty cool. I didn't know that. I wonder if they have a lot of computing power than the internet <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-003774	That's a ton of animals! There is a lawyer in Switzerland who represents animals in court.	Power to the animals! Germany also protects them as they were the first country to universally give animals constitutional rights!	That's hilarious! There's a jellyfish that can live forever.	I didn't know that. I have a dog in Scotland in Scotland apparently.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003775	Wow he must have really liked comedy then and I guess he did pretty well so no regrets there	Exactly. Have you heard of bromantic comedies?	Hmm I am not sure what those are, are they a special kind of comedy?	Not sure but it is a classic. Did you know Harold and Kumar is a bromantic comedy movie?
DSTC10TOPICAL-003776	Wow that is amazing. Do you know who Brian May is?	Yes the lead guitarist of the Queen who is also a genius scientist	He sure is, with a degree in astrophysics and a PhD at that, that is impressive	Yes he is a good guitarist and he is also a good guitarist and he is still in the degree
DSTC10TOPICAL-003777	Hello. Are you a fan of jazz?	I like to listen to it live	Neat! Jazz originated in New Orleans.	<unk> <unk> Did you know that the New England jazz is called the <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-003778	Yeah seems like a really long time, 17 weeks, do you have a favorite team? mine is in the AFC division or American Football Conference	Nice I do not have a favorite team I just watch the games. DO you know who Benjarvus Green-Ellis is?	He used to play for the Patriots right? yeah I know who he is, why do you ask?	Hmm good question. Paul Hubbard was the only coach to win the game
DSTC10TOPICAL-003779	I find it unlikely. What is his new book about?	its basically his strategy for how he became successful, I think its worth a read, can't believe hes 40 and is tied for the superbowl record	That is pretty amazing. Are you a fan of football?	Yes I love the Patriots are you? Do you know why the Patriots are the most abbreviated <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-003780	Im not sure, but in 2005 they could have bought Facebook. I think they would be more relevant if they had taken them up on the offer.	Oh, for sure.	Now almost everyone I know who is 13 years older (and a few who lie about it) are on Facebook.	I have not visited that site, but I am not sure how they are rewriting their constitution
DSTC10TOPICAL-003781	I am, I like college and NFL. What about you?	I am. Did you know the highest score was 222-0?	Yeah, didn't Georgia Tech beat Cumberland that bad?	I don't know that but I know that the football has never scored a game of the past 40 years ago.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003782	Cheerleaders seem to distract players. It's best to avoid it	Don't you see this as a little sexist a rule that only the cheerleaders have to abide for ?	I think it's best not to have players distracted.	I think <unk> is <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-003783	Well, I think it is radio storms that are so strong that they can be picked up and heard on the AM radio.	Interesting, have you heard them?	No, I've never heard anything like that. I did hear, though, that there's a website where you can listen to thousands of episodes of classic radio dramas for free although I never had the pleasure of doing so.	Interesting, I wonder if they were a big fan of the radio
DSTC10TOPICAL-003784	I don't know, I probably would check it out, for the sake of the game. Not sure I would enjoy as much. I think its too rough for women. But should be allowed to play.	Yeah I don't know how that would go, but they should be allowed if they are good enough, I'm an engineer and I guess I make more in my lifetime than an average NFL player makes, cool!	lol, really. Oh yeah, the average lifetime earning is higher than the average NFL player!	Yeah I think that is true, I think the NFL is more of a football player, I think the NFL has more money than any other NFL player
DSTC10TOPICAL-003785	Yeah he was pretty amazing. Apparently bowlers made more than football players back in the 60s	They did? well football want a popular sport back then, at least not as popular as it is now so it does make sense, I dont see a bowler making more money than a pro football player now	Yeah things have really changed now. On another topic, do you know much about the Bible?	I have read about that, what about you?
DSTC10TOPICAL-003786	I love watching football too. Did you know the NFL has no written rule against females playing?	I always wondered that! why arent there any players you think?	I'm not too sure on that one. The average NFL game only has 11 minutes of live gameplay.	wow that is crazy, did you know that there was a backup in 1916 that was 222-0 in 1916
DSTC10TOPICAL-003787	Oh I definitely didn't watch that! Everyone knows Babe Ruth though and he was once America's most popular golfer!	Wow. Didn't know that. Antarctica has a disc golf course	Oh that would be a cold course! A golf course in Dubai requires 4 million gallons of water!	Wow! That is a long way from a <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-003788	I listen to FM usually and yes, mystery can do some amazing things	I know. IN the AM radio you can get Jupiter's storms	WOw nice. The most popular act on the radio in the 30s was the ventriloquist	Yes and that is so creative
DSTC10TOPICAL-003789	He has a nobel prize in literature.	Oh that is interesting since those are usually considered to be associated with peace.	yeah. I hear if you publish a book in Norway the government buys 1000 to donate to libraries.	I wonder how much that is for Norway.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003790	Yeah for the superimposed yellow line, pretty cool	It is for sure. Do you know much about the Bible?	Not a ton but I know that it has sold over 5 billion copies Wow	The government is so much of a <unk> and the government is not in the library
DSTC10TOPICAL-003791	Do you like watching football?	I love watching it! How about you?	I love it also! Do you have a favorite college and NFL team?	I love the Patriots and I love the Patriots and the Eagles and <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-003792	I am sure it would be, would likely throw everyone off. I wonder how many there have been in history.	I am not sure. I know there was one famous deaf quarterback - the huddle was invented for him so the other teams could not read his signs	It is truly amazing what people come up with that they intend to just help them that turn out to be iconic.	Yeah it is. I think the NFL is a good thing to do with the <unk> <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-003793	I do. I am getting ready to watch the playoff games	for sure, who you rooting for? Saints?	Absolutely and the Patriots.	Yeah. Do you know what the current football team is?
DSTC10TOPICAL-003794	Yes! Why on earth would that be a rule? Do you think its a superstition thing? Makes no sense.	It certainly does not. The worst part about it is that they have to leave mid meal if a player walks in. Weird	Yeah, that is odd to say the least. So, the NFL uses tracking chips on the players during the game?	Haha yeah they need to get a new thing to get back. I think that they have a new rule that prevents them from playing in the NFL.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003795	Him among some others like green ellis	Benjarvus is a legend, the guy never fumbled the ball in his career	Indeed	Yeah, he was a quarter of the entire time he could have made a strawberry in his life.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003796	I wonder if he likes jazz?	He might, jazz is a genre that has influence a lot of people so who knows, theres even a programming language that is influenced by jazz	It is seen as america's classical music. I love jazz.	I like jazz a lot, I also like the Fender Stratocaster and it was a great instrument
DSTC10TOPICAL-003797	I do not know about the rules but it would be fair that they play too I guess. Did you hear about tracking chips on the players now?	I have heard. They are made probably by engineers that will make more money than the players who wear them will	Yeah, I would not be surprised. They track everything though from velocity to location and everything in between	I guess they should have that better than the average game
DSTC10TOPICAL-003798	He was in the league a long time. At least he gave the game everything he had	I didnt' think he was all that of a QB but his teammates really took to him right away	He was a true professional.	I think he is a great quarterback but I think he is a great quarterback
DSTC10TOPICAL-003799	I'm not surprised. A lot of commercial. Just a lot. It's really annoying.	You are right about that. But I suppose women would be better off financially by entering the engineering field since engineers make more than the average lifetime earnings of both MLB and NFL players. Which is surprising to me!	I'm sure a lot of money go to TV, owners of teams, etc. Just not fair for players! Did you know that the highest score in a football game was 222-0. Can you believe?	I think that is a good place to watch football or football in the states. I don't know why they would play football in the stadium or something?
DSTC10TOPICAL-003800	Nice. The guy who played Jarvis in Iron Man has never seen the films	Cool. DO you know who is the waitress that Captain America saves in the Avengers movie?	I have no idea, is it someone we have seen elsewhere too?	No not sure but I know they are making a sequel to the <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-003801	So Thomas jefferson did not believe in miracles and the resurrection.	A lot of people don't. Maybe Brady should be given a copy of his bible.	Yes because the bible is the best selling book ever.	Yeah, he published a book called <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-003802	Well in 1972 Deep Purple broke the world record for loudest concert ever. Apparently some of the audience was rendered unconscious.	I can't even imagine how scary that must have been!	I wonder if it is due to the fact that they blew their ears out?	Oh yeah, I wonder if they ever let them sue the first president of Zimbabwe?
DSTC10TOPICAL-003803	I'm doing well! Are you a fan of football?	Yes I love football. Do you have sirius radio?	I did for a little bit but not anymore? Do you?	Yes, I have a few years ago.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003804	I love it. DO you know what color is the U of Iowa visitor locker room?	Yes it is pink but I wonder why that is	Me too. Bowlers made more than football players in the 60s	Yes they sure are. DO you know who the three wealthiest us football are?
DSTC10TOPICAL-003805	Cool. They definitely have done so many things that I hadn't realized either. I didn't realize they had tried several small niche businesses as well.	It is only the third most profitable company in Japan too. I wonder what the first two are.	Wow! I'd like to know as well considering Nintendo has such a large cash reserve that it could lose so much money and not bankrupt for a long while.	True. I wonder if the players get paid more than the average of the NFL players
DSTC10TOPICAL-003806	The guy is the man. Can you guess his favorite ice cream kind?	I think it is avocado is it not? I mean it makes sense	It sure does , the guy is very health conscious and watches what he eats	He does a lot of talent and he does not want to do it. Do you know who Tom Brady is?
DSTC10TOPICAL-003807	that is a good point, lol. Did you hear about the tracking chips they use in shoulder pads?	Something along those lines, it tracks there speed or something?	Yea it tracks all their movement and other data. pretty interesting! They must have been created by engineers making the big bucks	That is a lot of money to make their own chips to make their data through the future.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003808	Do you like football?	I like the NFL, but I think 16 games is not enough to build rivalries.	Yes, i completely agree! What do you think would be a good number of games for an NFL team to play in a season?	<unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-003809	I see, well I don't know much about soccer but I am interested in odd facts about sports. Did you know there is a college football team that has painted their visiting teams locker pink?	I would guess that has something to do with breast cancer awareness. I know that many football players suffer from breast cancer in the later years.	I never thought of it that way, that's an interesting perspective. Tell me why you like soccer.	I think I have seen the Patriots too. I think the Patriots have a good team to be able to play.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003810	I mean a man used the library to prove his innocence and become a lawyer while falsely imprisoned	How great is that! So important. The library of Alexandria had a unique way of gathering books by making all ships visiting surrender their books for copy .	They must have had a impressive collection	Me too. I wonder how the government felt about the <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-003811	I know that the russians built a computer powered by water back in 1930s.	I wonder how that worked? They must have used the water to generate a power source. I didn't even know they had computers back then. lol	There were mechanical computers before that. computers are an old idea. someone built one in minecraft even!	I wonder if that would be a <unk> <unk> It is a <unk> that is a <unk> of <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-003812	Hello! Did you know professional ballet dancers can go through 4 pairs of shoes in a week?	That is a lot of shoes and money too. There are 17 ways to tie your shoes too	And I only know one way! 5000 year old shoes perform better than modern shoes. Go figure.	I agree. Ballet has a lot of shoes that has been on for 4 years.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003813	I love superhero movies. I loved the batman trilogy. How about you?	I do! I watch them with my kids, they are in love with Batman haha	That is great! I like superman too, especially in films, did you like the new justice league movie?	I have a few superheroes and I was a fan of the series I liked it as a kid, I like the original series
DSTC10TOPICAL-003814	I know that it has sold over 5 billion copies. Amazing record there	Yes and that is exactly why it is known as one of the most influential books in the world	Yup. Did you know Jefferson created his own version of the Bible?	No I did not know that. I know that he is the only person to do the bible
DSTC10TOPICAL-003815	I agree. Bowlers probably don't make a whole lot these days.	No not these days, but I still think it would be pretty sweet to make a living throwing those balls around, lots of women too lol.	That would be pretty awesome. Gotta love the attention too. lol	I would like to go to the football games, I like to go to the <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-003816	Yeah exactly. Have you ever been to that football stadium in Texas that can seat 18 000 people?	No I never been to Texas yet but that's pretty crazy	Yeah it is right? And it cost $60 million and on top of all , it is just a high school stadium	How much do you like to play at the <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-003817	I read an article about it. I cannot imagine a football game without the yellow line.	yeah that definitely helps. I saw that former patriots RB Benjarvus Green-Ellis has never fumbled the football in his nfl career	Yes, isn't that amazing? I do not know any other football players who have never fumbled the football.	Yeah I think the Patriots have a good team since the first NFL team has won the super bowl since the first season was created.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003818	Wow that's impressive! Also impressive is the one Patriots player who has never dropped the ball, I think his name is BenJarvus Green-Ellis	That's amazing. Also amazing is QB Brad Johnson who threw a TD to himself in a Superbowl.	Yes I want to watch that score! It sounds incredible what do you think about a deaf quarterback creating the circular huddle?	I like the NFL with the <unk> of the game. It's like a lot of fun to watch.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003819	Not everyone does though. Burger King had a promotions that you got a free whopper if you unfriend 10 people. I wonder what inspired that.	I think that Burger King was just looking for media attention which they got.	I imagine that Myspace regrets turning down and offer to buy Facebook for $75 million.	How many people do that like <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-003820	Yes I do. I watched college and NFL football games.	Who is your favorite NFL team?	49ers since I used to live in the Bay area. I lived there for 30 years.	I am a fan of the Packers though. Do you like to watch the NFL?
DSTC10TOPICAL-003821	I guess not everyone makes it big. I hope a lady makes it big someday. It can be difficult with gender roles especially when on the NFL Saints team cheerleaders must leave a restaurant if another NFL player walks into	That's ridiculous! I see a lot of sports posts on facebook. I can't believe the site is 15 years old already!	If Myspace had been smart they would have bought facebook for $75 million that they were offered in 2005!	I would have thought that would have been a lot of money. Did you know that the first one of the <unk> was a <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-003822	Did you know that Disney owns ABC as well as ESPN?	I did. Do you watch football?	Yes I do, I am a contributor to the number one ranking for viewership of Sunday Night Football. Do you?	I do not know much about football, but I do like Tom Brady. I think he is so <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-003823	17 weeks if im not mistaken. then the playoffs	Yes you are right. Do you know the highest score ever in a football game?	Wow not sure i would imagine it's pretty high. Was it a college or professional game?	The coach was the coach and the coach was the coach of the University of the game.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003824	Hello, do you watch the NFL?	Hi! I do! I'm shocked that out of the whole 3 hours of game on tv only 11 minutes is actually live gameplay!	Yeah that is pretty crazy. DO you have a favorite player or team?	I don't watch much but I do not want to play on my team. I don't know if I will go to a few minutes of <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-003825	I guess not. I do find it interesting that malus in latin means both apple and evil. That would makes things a little confusing in the bible.	Yeah I think so too. Did you know that people think that the Tower of Babel might actually still exist?	Yea, I guess it is the etemenanki in modern day Iraq.	Yep that is true. Do you know what the Tower of Babel is called?
DSTC10TOPICAL-003826	My son is not into sport, were he I'd have serious reservations about him playing football for that reason. I know there the fame that can go with it but an engineer is going to make more money than most	Yeah, and they have better working conditions, less injuries, it is a quite violent sport.	I understand that there are no rules against women playing in the NFL, difficult to see it happening.	They have a team that is not to be a <unk> to the team to play the game.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003827	Yeah that is pretty short, crazy. Do you know what the highest score in a game was?	no I am not sure. I read that the average lifetime earnings of an engineer is more than nfl player	Yeah I guess that makes sense since engineers work longer. The game score was 222-0	yeah and that is why they have no rule against the players
DSTC10TOPICAL-003828	Hi. Do you like sports?	Hi, I do like football as in NFL football, although I am a fan of association football as well.	Me too. I like the NFL but I do also watch other leagues of football as well on occasion. Did you hear that Winston Churchill High is doing very well?	Yes, I have never seen a fantasy football or a fantasy football or a fantasy football or a fantasy football or football.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003829	Hi, do you like literature?	Somewhat. I know that the FDA burned 6 tons of it in an act of censorship.	That's pretty crazy. I saw there is an annual literature contest that challenges writers to come up with the worst possible opening sentence to a novel.	I guess that was a good idea.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003830	I have read parts of it. I dont read it very often and I have never read it word for word.	I think that it is a very popular book. Many people have read it and tried to understand its secrets.	I dont know. I dont always take it really literally. I mainly use it as a good set of rules to live by to be a good person.	I think we are a lot of things to do. I am glad we have a moral panic about the US reading of the world and we are not a scientist.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003831	Marcia Lucas did a great job making changes to George's original scripts and made the movies better	Yes you are right, I wasn't familiar with Marcia Lucas as I was with George Lucas.	I wonder how much money she made since George got to keep the licensing and merchandising rights of Star Wars	Yeah and they are a good flop for the franchise.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003832	it doesn't list his average, it just says he hasn't been in a single movie with a fresh rating	oh man, thats sad for him. I like his movies usually	i don't recall too many of his movies, i've seen a couple and they are alright. i did like him in that 70s show!	oh I didnt know that either, I wonder if he ever got to play the game after he was a guy who was bitten by a woman
DSTC10TOPICAL-003833	He's the guy that fumbled every ball he ever touched.	Yeah what a career for him. Did you know NFL is sing tracking chips on the players now?	The NFL is singing tracking chips? I did not know that.	Yeah I heard they have a lot of players and they have to play at least 3 of the players
DSTC10TOPICAL-003834	Yeah the really sexist rule? it sounds really unfair, that rule should be banned and the cheerleaders should sue the team for that	I think so too. The worst part in my opinion is the fact that they have to leave mid meal if players walk in	Thats a terrible rule, I hope they change it in the near future, its humiliating actually,	It is true. Do you know how the players get their cheerleaders?
DSTC10TOPICAL-003835	Yeah, same here. Roosevelt and Quincy did not believe in it much either so they did not use it when they swore in	I don't think it should ever be used. How about you?	Yeah I agree, religion is a preference. Going back to football, did you know there are only 1 minutes of active game play in it?	I did not know that. Do you know much about politics?
DSTC10TOPICAL-003836	No but I did see a video of Kayne giving his mic to a fan in a wheel chair before	That was pretty cool of him to do that. Sometimes he has some different views on things. Like for example he believes that aids is a man-made disease.	Maybe Big Sean can explain that to him since he had a 3.7 gpa before signing with Kayne	Yeah I think he was pretty funny. I think he was a <unk> of the <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-003837	Yes, I do. And, I believe that the Bible is an intricate inspiration from God to us humans here on earth. How about you, do you believe it's really from God?	I do not know. I have not read the Bible. I know that the person that wrote it probably made money on it.	I'm not sure about that but everyone has the choice to believe whatever they want to believe. All I know is that it's estimated that it has sold over 5 billion copies and is the best-selling book every written.	That is a great idea. I think that is a great book and the military is a very good book.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003838	I would love to hear that and the style they use! Do you think Abe Lincoln liked jazz?	I don't know, he did have a high pitch voice	So he would have liked other music, I never knew that. I know he was in the wrestling hall of fame, that is a good honor	I guess the whole country is the biggest hero of the world, its a unique musical
DSTC10TOPICAL-003839	Actually if you turn it to am you can catch Jupiter's storms	Those are some strong storms! Considering how many artists are from Canada, I wouldn't mind tuning into stations that have to play at least 40% Canadian music by law	Yes very true. do you know how soldiers used to make radios during WWII?	They were a simple simple razorblade and pencil as a foxhole radio, but I don't think they could be a good way to be a simple <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-003840	Do you like football?	I do. I played in HS and I'm a Chiefs fan... I actually like college better than the NFL.	Nice. I'm not too into football, I guess because each game has only on average 11 minutes of live gameplay.	I guess I never knew that. I guess the NFL makes a lot of money.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003841	I know that has certainly changed. And even now though engineers make more money over their lifetime.	Georgia tech beat Cumberland 222-0 back in 1916. What color do you think their visiting locker was?	Well, maybe it was something worse than pink. That is a huge defeat, wow. Did you hear about that strange rule for the New Orleans cheerleaders?	I think it is pretty cool. I wonder how they did that. I think it is kind of a psych out of the <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-003842	Yeah and they have to leave mid meal. That rule is sexist and has to go	Agreed on that. Do you know much about the Bible?	I know that is it one of the most influential books and has sold over 5 billion copies	Nice chatting with you. It was nice chatting with you today.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003843	Hi, how are you?	Good, and you? I haven't seen any superhero movies in a long time, but I think I saw a brief portion of Iron Man once on a TV that was going at my job.	Really! I feel like all the movies coming out now, like 25% are super hero movies. Do you not enjoy them?	I love it and it is more gritty than the other side of the movie. I love it and it is worth watching.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003844	If you want a job that makes more in a lifetime than an average nfl player or mlb player you can become an engineer	I saw that, it is probably because there a bunch of players that last only a year or so. I'm not surprised, engineers make a lot of money.	If you were a bowler in the 1960's you could have made twice as much as top football stars too.	That is a good idea. I wonder if they are in the opposite of the <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-003845	That is pretty neat. I bet it is pretty diverse.	Yeah. They must have comics from all over the world	Probably a lot of older comics too. That would be neat to see the development of comics.	Yes I would have loved to see that.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003846	Yes I agree. I would like to know more about that. Up until 1805 the runner up automatically became the vice president. Kind of makes sense but it would never work now!	NO it would not. The parties hate each other too much for that to ever work	I wish they didn't. Just so much more productive to work together. I wonder who has stayed in the presidents guest house? It is actually bigger than the White House.	I agree with you. It is a surprise to work with our lives and not all of the responsibilities and <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-003847	He could have had some unusual moves. LOL	The ability to moon walk!	Or to lean way back or forward. LOL	Sounds like a great <unk> Did you know the Dutch are creating a commuter bus designed to travel at 160mph.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003848	Oh that is interesting since those are usually considered to be associated with peace.	yeah. I hear if you publish a book in Norway the government buys 1000 to donate to libraries.	That sounds pretty generous!	Maybe they donated their proceeds to help save the amazon rainforest.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003849	If you fly to mars under constant 1g acceleration it will only take 2 or 3 days. I thought it took a lot longer.	Me too! Movies make them seem longer, but they might be going much much slower for airtime lol.	That is true. Have you heard about the lost satellite on mars?	I have no idea what it looks like but I think it's a lot of power and <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-003850	Bye!	The president is the title given to the head of the government.	That's true I think it's called different things in different places though right?	Yeah, that is a lot of money to me. The president of Indonesia has released 3 pop albums while in office.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003851	I'm doing good too. Glad it's Friday. I watch both baseball and football. What about you?	Me too, but I guess in my childhood and college years I was watching much often. I didn't know that 14 of the world's 25 largest stadiums belong to American college football teams. Did you know that?	I did not know that. The University of Iowa's lock room for visiting teams is painted in all pink.	I wonder how that works. I know that the only pro bowlers made more than football players.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003852	Yes as long as they meet the league's eligibility requirements they can play! I would like to see a girl play.	They cannot eat in the same place as the players, at least the Saints cheerleaders.	That is a weird rule. How did they enforce the rules of the cheerleaders being required to leave?	That is so sexist and I would not think that would be applied for the players.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003853	Who isn't?	I think some of the newer movies are redundant to be honest.	Really? Like which ones?	I would have to be a comic book series
DSTC10TOPICAL-003854	Yeah and they have cancelled 100 shows since they came to be in 1989	I guess that is not a lot considering how long they have been around	That is true actually. Do you know the programming language Python?	No, it was a comedy genre for the first time
DSTC10TOPICAL-003855	I mean I don't think kids should play past midnight but to make it a law is ridiculous	Yeah, that is pretty absurd. Did you know nintendo produced a lego knock off?	No, I did know they made playing cards though	I think it was in the <unk> but I am not sure if it was any good
DSTC10TOPICAL-003856	Nice, that's what I do. Did you know there is only 11 minutes of gameplay per game?	Wow, it seems like a lot more but it is a pretty slow game. That sounds like an awfully small amount of time. Kinda like it's hard to believe that an engineer makes more money in their lifetime than an	Yeah, for sure, they stand around a real lot.	Yeah, I don't know what they call it a sport.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003857	Fans also felt though that in previous movies Hawkeye has not been given justice.	True, I heard that too. I can't say because I havent seen the movie. But I do enjoy the Marvel Comic films.	Yeah, I like the Marvel Comics series that they have on Netflix.	I think that the show has a rating on the <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-003858	Hi. How are you?	I'm doing well how are you! ?	I am good too.	I am well. I am not much into the prime minister as well.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003859	What? That is a strange fact. I guess she had a chance to do the voice work. She is a celebrity, after all.	Did you ever play tennis? serena has been playing since she was 13, which is about when I started playing, but she's obviously way better LOL	I assumed that she started sooner. She must have picked it up quick. I didn't real play. Anyway, great chat! Thanks!	Yep I think I will go to tennis and see if I have a tennis player who has a co-owner of the co-owner of the <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-003860	I have a passing knowledge of football and watch it occasionally as well	What teams do you like	I like the new England patriots. They are like the Lannisters of football	yes it is a bit boring but I am not sure what the game is
DSTC10TOPICAL-003861	Hi! Yes, I really enjoy watching football, both collegiate and professional. Do you?	Yes, me too. I didn't know that the highest score in a football was 222-0 and it happened in 1916. Did you know that?	That's insane! Either the team was really good or the other team was really good. Or maybe they were on strike about their pay since it seems like they don't make a lot.	I would have thought it would be a <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-003862	If I were on the losing side I think I would have given up playing. Maybe they could have turned to the bible.	Maybe. At least Cumberland probably didn't have a pink locker room like that of U. of Iowa. In 1916, they probably didn't have a locker room at all.	I don't think they went in for those silly games back then, probably more respectful to the other team.	I wonder what the other team was. Did you know that Bill Nye was the science guy for a football team?
DSTC10TOPICAL-003863	Hi there, do you watch the NFL?	Hi! Yes I do sometimes. What's your favorite team?	I think the Patriots, I like them best. One of their former QB never fumbled a ball in his career. How about you?	Nice! Did you know that the Patriots were the first team to win the Superbowl with the Patriots
DSTC10TOPICAL-003864	Hello, are you by any chance a fan of the New England Patriots football team?	I know some about them. Mostly stuff about Tom Brady	Great. What do you think of his record as a QB?	I don't know the answer. I know he was a QB in the NFL.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003865	That's interesting, and kind of interesting thing NOT to do regularly.	I don't know how many Navajo fans there are. George never won an Oscar though.	that's sad considering how amazing his movies were	I agree! I also read that George <unk> and George <unk> are a lot of movies that have been hidden in the world.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003866	Yes, she is a talented actress. I bet she did a great job. Anyway, thanks for the chat.	It has a solid cast overall. Hope you get to catch it some time.	Have a good day! Talk to you soon, Im sure.	I do. I was a <unk> of the characters and the <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-003867	I'm sure if they do they will have tracking chips on their shoulder pads like they do now so they can record every move on the field.	That seems bit invasive but I guess all kinds of stats are taken out of those chips	Yes. They even have chips in the footballs to track velocity, etc. Getting a little too technical I think for a sport.	Yeah and the game is so boring and maybe they can pick up the game
DSTC10TOPICAL-003868	Hello, do you like Disney?	Yes, I do like Disney. They have done many great films and have some great theme parks.	Do you know the original Disney is in California and not Florida?	Yes, it's a cinematic <unk> A lot of the other ways to explore the Lion <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-003869	Hi. Do you watch football?	yes well I did watch the superbowl but I don't watch it regularly no, what about you	Sometimes, but not every week. I would get bored watching for 17 weeks straight during the regular season and then the playoffs and Super Bowl.	oh yeah that is a good point, I would have to watch my season again and I would have to watch it again
DSTC10TOPICAL-003870	Right. Did you know the guest house is larger than the white house	Yeah that is pretty cool, they must get a lot of people there so maybe that is why	Yeah. Have you heard the president of Indonesia is a pop star?	Yes that is pretty good at that time
DSTC10TOPICAL-003871	That was the culture then. People loved bowling. Oh, I was born at the wrong time.	Yeah it seems it was the case back then. DO you know what the highest score in college football is?	The highest score means little to me unless I could win money. What was it though?	Well it was a good idea to have a career in a football career
DSTC10TOPICAL-003872	I'm not sure. Who was it?	It was Georgia tech who scored 222 against Cumberland 0	Holy smokes! I bet that was a long game for Cumberland. In the 1960's bowlers made twice as much as the top football stars.	That is incredible! And the only one to do that is the only one to do so. Do you know why the University of Iowa painted the visitor's locker room pink?
DSTC10TOPICAL-003873	hi there, do you watch the NFL?	I sure do. Do you have a favorite team or player?	I sure do. I love the Patriot and Tom is amazing. Do you have one?	I don't really know a few. I do know that the Patriots have won a Superbowl since the last season was super bowls
DSTC10TOPICAL-003874	Yeah I think the highest paid people in most states are college coaches.	Not sure how I feel about that. I have to send two kids through college one day, with the high cost of college I'm not sure I want a portion going to the football coach.	Yeah its pretty crazy to me just how much it costs to attend college these days.	They are a big deal for the <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-003875	Absolutely. It's the next on my list.	Have you watched any of the other Marvel movies?	I'm not normally much of a comics or superhero person. Have you?	Is there a superhero or <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-003876	Interesting, have you ever seen house?	I have seen it, great drama tv series	Apparently Hugh Laurie was making $700k an episode! !	I heard he is a great actor
DSTC10TOPICAL-003877	I bet you they do it for both. They need to track lots of stats like velocity and rotation and such and they will likely need the averages of those	We live in amazing times. I can see where that would be useful. If a running back is getting tire during the game they know right away	Yeah we sure do. Did you know women can play too in the NFL?	That is so sexist that the average game is actually 11 minutes of actual gameplay
DSTC10TOPICAL-003878	There are a lot who play on high school teams, so if they meet the requirements, why not?	Yeah, but the average earning potential salary of an engineer is higher	lol Bowlers in the 60's made more than football players. THAT is hilarious.	I would like to see the game of the game. It was a fun game for a little bit.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003879	True, I guess we'll never know. It was great talking with you though, have a good one!	It was nice chatting with you too.	You as well, I hope you have a good rest of the evening, I'll try not to think about the depths of space that much !	I wonder how much the astronauts have to
DSTC10TOPICAL-003880	I watched the series, but didn't play the game. Do you know Nintendo is over 100 years old?	I didnt know its over 100 years old, I wonder how the games from that time look like.	Well, they started out as a playing card company.	That is so iconic and they are so iconic and they are so iconic with the company
DSTC10TOPICAL-003881	You would think! I heard even 1960's top bowlers made twice as much as football stars!	I believe that. Bowling was a big sport back in the day. Football players didnt have the players union back then so they didnt make nearly what they deserved. I would say now it is a little over the top	I agree. Especially if you are like the patriots benjarvus green-ellis who never even fumbled one game in his nfl career.	That is so crazy. I wonder if he is a pro player and then he is a great player
DSTC10TOPICAL-003882	That would be Jupiter's moon? I wonder if Jupiter is one of the five planets visible to the naked eye.	I would guess from it size it is	The planet Venus is the only planet that rotates clockwise and has no seasons. That seems boring.	I didn't know that, the planets are pretty good at the beginning of the planet
DSTC10TOPICAL-003883	I've been a bigger fan in the past. I was a Caps fan growing up.	I am a Caps fan too! Do you know how much a player loses weight per game?	Like 8 pounds. I assume that's mostly sweat.	That's pretty cool. I didn't know that the inventor of basketball was a <unk> <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-003884	Yes it is, so that much mean that he was thinking about this movie for 11 years?	That is impressive. That makes a great actor.	Yes it does, are you a fan of comic books, if you are, how many books do you have?	I love dramas. What about you?
DSTC10TOPICAL-003885	No I don't but curious	I never have either, do you / did you play any of the sports we talked about?	I have always been a soccer person	Yea, it was a <unk> <unk> and <unk> <unk> <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-003886	300 of them? that sounds impressive and too bad, maybe his manuscript is really good, he could have been a rich man,	Oh for sure! Do you like science at all?	I do like science, I think that scientists make big contributions to society, they make human kind better and smarter.	Yeah that is true. Well it was nice chatting with you.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003887	It amazes me that a hockey player was once traded for a dollar	He must have been worth less than that to the trading team. Maybe they were paying him too much already. Do you play hockey?	I do not, but many Canadians do, since both hockey and lacrosse are their national sport.	I would like to see that one at the top of the Olympic Olympic sport. The hockey player is actually the only losing coach in the history of the Olympic Olympic gold medals.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003888	Wow. I never knew that.	Yah, did you know the other word for telephone is a phone?	Yes. I knew that one.	Yeah it's a good thing. It's a lot of computing power than the entire US nuclear ICBM deterrent.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003889	Yeah I know he has won a few games there. Did you know he was picked 19th back in the 2000 NFL draft?	I did not! He's been around for a while, I'm surprised he hasn't retired yet. His history as a football player is impressive. Been to the super bowl 8 times with the patriots.	Yeah he sure has, I don't think he will retire for at least two more seasons.	Yeah, that is pretty impressive and the <unk> is the <unk> <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-003890	No I never been to Texas yet but that's pretty crazy	Yeah it is right? And it cost $60 million and on top of all , it is just a high school stadium	They do love football in Texas, too bad they don't care as much about education, an average engineer makes more in a lifetime than the average NFL player	Yeah they should make a lot of money for the average nfl player
DSTC10TOPICAL-003891	That is something. the lost 222-0. That is crazy !	What is wrong is how the cheerleaders cant eat with the players	Yeah the have to leave when they come in. I will research why	I think the <unk> <unk> the <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-003892	Yeah I guess the career of a football player does not last that long so they do not have much time to make money	True, I did not think about that, do you know how we are able to learn about interesting statistics like ball speed. ball rotation and players performance?	Yeah that is actually pretty cool, they are using tracking chips on the shoulder pads of the players now.	That is a really strange thing to do. I wonder how they track the track of the players that they do not know how they do that in the field.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003893	Hello! Do you like Football?	I do. Do you?	Of course! What's your favorite team. Mine is the New England Patriots, the Lannisters of the NFL!	I have not been to the <unk> I would have to say that they are not <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-003894	Maybe they can even see how long games are since they think only about 11 minutes are live gameplay!	No kidding, right? I mean, these engineers already make more than the average lifetime earnings of both MLB and NFL players, so they should step their game up... even though they are doing a phenomenal job now.	That stat actually surprises me with how much football players work! Did you know that in the 60s even top bowlers made more than football players? !	I know right! I like football a lot but I have a lot of attention and I like the Patriots and the Patriots have a great job and it was a great invention, I like the idea
DSTC10TOPICAL-003895	Yes thats really something	Any other movies, books, or shows that you are into?	I liked the lost series on tv	The first one of the <unk> was <unk> The <unk> will have to cancel the <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-003896	But even today, NFL players don't make as much on average as I would think. Engineers earn more over a lifetime.	Yes, and it's interesting to consider the lifetime career of a football player. Some use their background to transition to other fields such as coaching, or use the income to start a new career after they retire. Sadly, others suffer	It's amazing how much technology is used in the NFL these days	I'm going to look up how to see how they are going to be <unk> and <unk> and the players are just <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-003897	That is impressive. That makes a great actor.	Yes it does, are you a fan of comic books, if you are, how many books do you have?	I am not. But appears that their is a lot of money in the industry.	Yeah that's a good point. I also like the books and books and I also like the books and I also like the books
DSTC10TOPICAL-003898	I know that it is the best selling book of all time with total sales of over 5 billion copies!	Yeah that seems a lot. Jefferson apparently made his own version of the Bible	I didn't know that. Teddy Roosevelt and John Quincy Adams were the only 2 U.S. presidents who didn't use the bible when they were sworn in.	That is pretty cool. The Bible was also called the Bible in the old days
DSTC10TOPICAL-003899	Perhaps a combination of the winning team being just that good and the losing team being so bad	Ive seen some blow outs, but never by that much.	Did you every play fantasy football?	I like it but I like the basics. It seems like an interesting <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-003900	I noticed that. I've heard of some weird ideas for sports, but that's out there. On the subject of shoes, my old work boots have lasted me about 6 years but it's about time to get some new ones at	I think I have 2 pairs of shoes. It's crazy there is 5000 year old shoes that perform better than modern shoes	I'm not surprised, considering how much stuff today is deliberately designed to fall apart so you have to buy more. Sounds like you've got about as many shoes as I do.	I don't know how they can get that much money though. I also like how the shoes can absorb the unpleasant odor I can even get into that amount of shoes that can absorb the unpleasant odor.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003901	That's a good point that I never thought about. What is also interesting to me is that an NFL game only has about 10 or 11 minutes to it that seems super low.	Yeah, that makes sense, it is mostly standing around if you ask me. I still love the game, but the clock watching gets annoying.	Yep I agree with that. Do you watch any fantasy movies. Or do you do fantasy football at all	I have a few fantasy games but I have not been into a high school school school. How about you?
DSTC10TOPICAL-003902	Maybe so. I hope the data they are collecting in the field though can somehow be used to make the game a little bit safer	Amazing that a game which averages just over 10 minutes of actual gameplay can be so damaging to players.	Great point. Do you know what the highest score recorded in a game was?	<unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> and the <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-003903	no way! I would love to learn that. Were you into the beatles much?	I loved them as a kid. I was not born when they formed in 1960	I wasn't either, they were amazing and still are. They couldn't even read music which is so interesting!	I would love to see the tune of the <unk> and the <unk> of the <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-003904	I would guess that has something to do with breast cancer awareness. I know that many football players suffer from breast cancer in the later years.	I never thought of it that way, that's an interesting perspective. Tell me why you like soccer.	It is a good game for women. I think women fight harder on the pitch than men do.	Yeah, there is a lot of injuries that would be a problem.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003905	Crazy. Take care.	Thank you. You too.	:)	You as well. Hard to believe Myspace turned down an offer to buy facebook for $75 million in early 2005.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003906	I'm fine. Thanks for asking and you?	I am fine too	Do you like watching movies?	I do! I like a few movies.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003907	Yeah so sad. In Texas on the other hand they are voting to rename the garbage dump	Hahha so funny. In the UK not all men could vote until 1918	I wonder what prevented them from doing, maybe class and ranking in society	Yeah I guess they have to be sued for the <unk> Did you know that Reagan was once rejected for a movie role because he didn't have the presidential look?
DSTC10TOPICAL-003908	That's right. Did you know that presidents have different functions depending on the type of government?	Yes I remember learning that I think. Its been good talking to you.	It's been good talking to you as well.	Same to you.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003909	Yeah the same one, expensive but it must be alien proof	He must have the money despite the fact that Seinfeld has a higher net worth	He does? Well Tom Cruise will eventually come on top, he has a lot more movies planned in the future. I don't know about Seinfeld.	It is a great actor and he is all of the awards and he is not really paid
DSTC10TOPICAL-003910	Yeah I don't know how that would go, but they should be allowed if they are good enough, I'm an engineer and I guess I make more in my lifetime than an average NFL player makes, cool!	lol, really. Oh yeah, the average lifetime earning is higher than the average NFL player!	yup good to know haha, do you like the Saints? I don't like how they treat their cheer leaders	I think we are unable to retire and we are not so much longer than the <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-003911	Yeah I was wandering about that as well. How about radio dramas, do you like those?	I don't like dramas in general so probably not.	I see, because if you did there is a free radio to listen to them to	That is pretty cool. In the form of radio that is where the radio is located.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003912	The guy is a legend, he has ever fumbled the ball in his career	Exactly. Do you know what the highest score in college football is?	Yes I feel bad for Cumberland to lose 222-0 from Georgia Tech	Yeah. Do you know how the game score is for the game?
DSTC10TOPICAL-003913	hope so too. now they are using tracking chips on the players	That's pretty cool, they can find out how hard a player hits and moves with those chips	yes, very handy. do you know what the highest score is in football history?	I wonder how that is in the stadium
DSTC10TOPICAL-003914	Oh, your explanation is making so much sense. Thank you.	There is a lot of technical data, like the area code 212 was chosen because it was easier to dial on a rotary phone.	That fact to me is reasonable because New York was one of the earliest established cities in the U.S history.	Interesting. Did you know that the phone is the second largest search engine on the internet?
DSTC10TOPICAL-003915	Yes a lot. Do you know how much a single search takes in terms of power?	Yes more than in took to take Armstrong and 11 others to the moon	Yes. Do you know how they calculate traffic?	Yes they are the most efficient way to walk on the web
DSTC10TOPICAL-003916	Maybe, Bill Nye had to add more effect with more science experiments to create flubber.	Freeman has served narrator, commentator for numerous programs and television shows.	Well, he was nominated and won a lot of rewards.	If you say it will be a bit more than the <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-003917	I don't think they went in for those silly games back then, probably more respectful to the other team.	Probably... Did you know the NFL had no written rule that women can't play?	They probably think they don't need it. Some guys get worked up if they hear a woman is going to take part in something, but if they are good enough and want to do it let them.	I don't think I would think that would be a good thing for the kicker.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003918	Yeah exactly. Did you know ESPN won and Emmy once?	It was for the superimposed yellow line and I think they deserved it	Yup. DO you know much about the Bible?	Yes the president of the bible was not the miracles and the resurrection.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003919	Yes they are collecting information such as velocity and rotation and a bunch others, Wonder what for though.	I hope they can somehow use them to make the game safer and decrease the number of concussions	That would be amazing. On another topic, do you know anything about the Bible?	Yes I used to read that but I read that it is not using it to make them
DSTC10TOPICAL-003920	Are you a Star Wars fan?	Yes, star wars is great. i really like the original trilogy.	Me too, that was the best out of all the movies, and basically the only ones I watched. It made George Lucas a billionaire	Yes, the first one was the first one in the <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-003921	I sure do. Did you know Jon Hamm taught drama in a high school?	Cool. Did you ever watch the show House MD?	Yeah and he even taught Ellie Kemper, she is so funny. Yeah I watch House	Yeah. Ellie Kemper is also good as he taught Ellie Kemper from the office
DSTC10TOPICAL-003922	Are you a Star Wars fan?	yes, i really like the original trilogy. You?	Me too, it was so good! George Lucas became a billionaire because of it	I think that was the first one. i wonder how he would have been directing to succeed.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003923	Are you religious?	yes. fairly so	Did you know that Thomas Jefferson had created his own version of the bible so he could remove the supernatural parts. Thats wild.	<unk> <unk> I wonder if they had a <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-003924	WOw that is interesting for a radio. Do you listen to radio dramas?	I do not really, are they good? Maybe I should check them out	Well there is a free website of them if you would like to check it out	yeah. Do you know who the fender stratocaster was for entertainment?
DSTC10TOPICAL-003925	That is a lot of money! Did you know that 20th Century Fox agreed to forgo a $500k directing fee to let Lucas keep the licensing and merchandise rights?	I wonder how they feel about that now. Lucas pulled one over on them. The entire franchise is estimated to be $65 billion dollars!	I know! It has cost them billions and made Lucas himself a billionaire.	It is a shame that Lucas started doing a franchise for a <unk> and they are going to be a new deal with Lucas and Lucas are starting to be a billionaire
DSTC10TOPICAL-003926	Really? Haha, not sure if that worked! Marvel comic toys are expensive.	Not sure but it just increases the profit margin for the company haha.	True! I am going to have to watch this Infinity War movie now lol, curious about this Hawkeye character. Although he has been in other Marvel films.	Yes they have been a lot of money for sure. I have been to a lot of money for the <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-003927	Yes! I heard that many people were actually rooting against Brady's team, because they're kind of over them winning all the time. He sure works hard though, it seems.	I think so, too. But there are other good players as well. I guess RB Benjarvus Green-Ellis has never fumbled the football in his NFL career.	Pretty impressive. I know they get paid a lot for those skills, but did you realize that top bowlers in the 60's made twice as much as football stars then?	Yes, and there is a lot of players that are going to play if they are playing.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003928	Oh that makes so much sense. Do you know why Caine became an actor?	Hmm I am not sure of that. He went to college for it?	Nope he just attended drama class in high school because that is where the pretty girls went	Yeah he was a good show back in the day
DSTC10TOPICAL-003929	I heard it was really good, hes not my favorite superhero, but Id definitely see it also.	Do you read any other comic books?	No, never have read many of them. I miss out on a lot of back story that way.	I'm glad he has a good movie. He was a comic book star in the movie that he made up to the collateral damage in the movie
DSTC10TOPICAL-003930	I know! They sure do milk it for all its worth.	ESPN won an emmy for creating the superimposed yellow first down line on tv. That has been a good addition to watching games.	Yeah, that was a good addition. Can't believe that Benjarvus Green-Ellis never fumbled. Amazing!	I wonder how he got into that field. I think he was a quarterback who went to the University of Oklahoma and he was just a <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-003931	Not really. I find they have too much CGI. What about you?	I like some of them like Spider-man. DO you know why there is a hyphen in the name?	I have no idea why. Why not just one word? Other superheroes have names like that.	I agree with you there. Did you know that Michigan State is the most popular comic book collection in the world?
DSTC10TOPICAL-003932	Hard to believe. I saw some pretty good jazz in New orleans once. Wasn't a huge fan but it is definitely popular. Apparently the trumpet players grow a goatee for comfort when playing.	Interesting. I also see that clint eastwood is an enthusiast.	I had no idea it was popular in Pakistan given that their jazz orchestra is topping the charts.	Wow. Jazz is a jazz artist to grow up in a Renaissance <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-003933	Yes they did. All came down to a stupid kick ha ha. Anyway, did you know that in the 60's top bowlers made more than top football players?	No I didn't know that, I always hear that most sports make more than nfl, which I think it's unfair.	I'm positive it's not the case now. Do you know what the highest score in a football game ever was?	I don't know how that makes me feel like the game has never been the highest scoring game ever by 222 points and never score a game of it. I wonder how much it makes
DSTC10TOPICAL-003934	I know right, only 11 minutes, last Superbowl was more than 3 hours long, maybe 4 all of that for only 11 minutes	All those advertisements make a lot of money for the NFL and the tickets are outrageous. I wonder if a woman will ever try to be eligible to play?	Theres no written rule against woman playing so yeah I think they could, its a physical sport though,	Yeah, I don't know. It's a strange rule. The game has been really good though.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003935	bye	Bye.	see you	Yes, as well.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003936	Do you like concerts?	i do like concerts. I havent had much chance to do recently. You?	I like them, but only in outdoor arenas. Not so much the indoor stuff.	that is a long time. I think it is a great place for the world.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003937	They are the second largest search engine on the internet. I myself usually just google what I want to find and then it takes me to YouTube. The whole channels thing on YouTube confuses me.	Yeah, it can get quite confusing, do you also use Pandora Radio? I like that it also streams comedy and I use it on my way to the office.	I do have an account. Mostly I listen to NPR radio.	I do like to listen to the radio, I like the <unk> I also like that station that translates solar activity into sound
DSTC10TOPICAL-003938	wow, I didnt know an illness could cause that. Look how far he came in life! what is it due to?	Yes He did very well in his career. And they had the best selling album of the 2000's	WHAT? that is so awesome. I wonder when they released their last song, do you know?	Well I remember it was a little more than the first album to be a <unk> I think it was a <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-003939	I guess that's the idea. I can't imagine it really working or everyone would do it.	Yeah I think it must be more of a tradition now, I doubt a color would really affect another team's performance.	The highest score ever in a football game occurred in 1916 when Georgia tech defeated Cumberland 222-0. Would pink locker rooms have helped Cumberland, do you think?	I heard that it was the highest scoring game of all time, but it must be pretty bad at the end.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003940	yeah, i bet the simpsons liked that. the simpsons has had trouble maintaining its quality over the last few years. i think that comedy is quite difficult.	Yea I stopped watching years ago. Apparently one episode in the whole series did not have bart in it or mention him. I want to watch that episode	i wonder what the episode was about. that is odd. the simpsons has great voice talent.	He is also a <unk> and he also wanted to be a simpsons show
DSTC10TOPICAL-003941	Well perhaps you can find a short version that only shows the live gameplay. Each game is only a dozen or so minutes long of real gameplay	That's another reason why I don't watch football, three hours in front of the television for just 12 minutes of actual action. I could just grab my Bible instead.	Do you read from the bible often?	I do. I use to read about the <unk> and I use to read about it.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003942	That should be fun for real. Did you know women can play in the NFL?	Yes as long as they meet the requirements. I wonder if any of them have tried	Curious about that too. Maybe they are sticking to engineering careers	Yeah that is true. Do you know why the NFL is called <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-003943	that's sad considering how amazing his movies were	The Academy has a lot of politics. He made the wrong kinds of films. His wife got an award.	What did she get an award for?	I think he has been doing well for being a <unk> but not as much as he has to do with his <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-003944	Yeah for sure. and that weird rule about new orleans cheerleaders?	Yeah that seems like such a silly outdated rule. I think that will be gone in the next year or two.	I hope so. did you know U of Iowa's locker room for visitors is painted pink?	I did see that and I wonder if that is the same place
DSTC10TOPICAL-003945	Yeah it was actually Stan Lee's wife, Joan B. Lee	I guess he chose her for the job. I never really watched the show.	I see. The Spider-man musical is the most expensive production on Broadway	He was a <unk> I never saw that one. Did you know that he was the richest superhero?
DSTC10TOPICAL-003946	Yes that would be JFK, Washington and Jefferson	Right. Did you know the guest house is larger than the white house	Yeah that is pretty cool, they must get a lot of people there so maybe that is why	Yeah I know. Did you know they still have the panels on the white house?
DSTC10TOPICAL-003947	That is so cool. There is a piano that was found on the highest mountain in Britain	Wow wonder who put it up there. Do you like Michael Jackson?	I do actually he has some amazing music. He was once supposed to do a duet with Freddy Mercury but that did not go through	Yeah that is so cool. Do you like ballet?
DSTC10TOPICAL-003948	Yeah , what a talent. Oscar were nominated for 9 Emmys. Wonder how that works	Yeah I am confused too about that. Do you know how many Oscars are given out?	Yes there are 24 awards given over a range of categories	Yeah that is true. Did you know that Walt Disney owns the Walt Disney Company?
DSTC10TOPICAL-003949	Exactly. Did you know engineers make more than them over their lifetime?	I am not surprised as they have longer careers so more time to make money	Yeah true. Did you hear about that rule for New Orleans cheerleaders?	Yes that is sexist and sexist
DSTC10TOPICAL-003950	Yes, I would like to know. I've been reading about observational versus theoretical astronomy, but I don't know what research methods would have been used to detect the building blocks of life so far away.	Can you imagine how complex the orbit would be for that planet that orbits four stars?	I haven't heard of that planet! What is it called?	I think it is just the planet that has only been around since 2011.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003951	18 holes a games. Seems like a long day.	Yeah it does. I like football a bit more. I love the NFL because they have 32 teams so people are bound to find one they like.	Yes football is way better. That is true but you usually only hear about a select few.	They are probably the most valuable player ever. I can't believe that there is only one left handed quarterback in the NFL.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003952	yep, and pokemon cards that are worth some money. How about that 70s show, ever seen that?	no, i didnt but i think it was a very popular show. probably a lot of actors launched big careers there.	You're right, mostly all of them became something big after that. I wish the same was for that 70s show uk remake, they only lasted 10 episodes.	<unk> did you know that the simpsons crew sent flowers to the producers.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003953	Yes I did Snoop Dogg wrote a song for his son's football team once	Wow nice. Bowlers used to make more than football players in the 60s	I guess it was a more popular sport back in the day	It is so much easier to score a score on the highest scoring football game
DSTC10TOPICAL-003954	It's a shame what happened to Andy Dalton	Yes, his thumb injury put him out for the rest of the season.	He was having one of his best seasons so far	Well, if you ask me, you don't have to worry about the <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-003955	Yeah I do. Do you know what the most disliked video in YouTube history is?	I want to say its the music video baby by Justin Bieber	That's Correct. Do you have any pets?	I love animals, are you a fan of dogs?
DSTC10TOPICAL-003956	LOL! Did you know politicians in Kentucky must swear an oath that they've never participated in a duel before taking office?	No I didn't! Even in this day and age they still have to do that?	I guess so lol. Do you like Johnny Depp?	I did not know that. I know that he is a <unk> <unk> and the <unk> of the <unk> <unk> is a <unk> <unk> and the <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-003957	Hello, do you watch the NFL?	Yes I try to watch all the games I can, what about you?	Same here but cannot watch them all for 17 weeks	Yeah I think it is the highest scoring game of all time.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003958	I'm an engineer and I ain't seeing it... I can't see how soldiers in WW I could make a radio out of razor blades and pencils? Wow.	lol, that takes pure science around that. I can't even get my already made radio to work!	Ha. I would just end up cutting myself. I guess they may have tuned into Jupiter, there probably weren't a lot of station then.	I would love to listen to those radio dramas! Nice chatting with you!
DSTC10TOPICAL-003959	The times were different then. Many people bowled and I guess they watched it on TV.	NFL uses tracking chips embedded in players shoulder pads.	I believe it. Probably helps with strategy and maybe player safety. Anyway, I enjoyed chatting!	It was nice chatting with you too. Have a great day!
DSTC10TOPICAL-003960	Oh wow that's cool. How was the concert?	Great! He is very talented! Better than Kanye in my opinion. Kanye once did a snl skit mocking himself for interrupting award shows!	I'm not a huge fan of Kanye music.	Yeah, he was a <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-003961	Oh that is so nice and convenient and free	Yeah it is. DO you know why Michael Caine became an actor?	I have no idea, how? DId tou know Patrick Stewart teaches masters classes in drama in the UK?	I wonder how that is there. I wonder if he is a good teacher?
DSTC10TOPICAL-003962	yeah, but for engineering and science, it seems strange to me. Anyway, great chat!	Ditto. Nice chatting with you!	Have a great day!	Bye!
DSTC10TOPICAL-003963	Have you seen Black Panther?	No I haven't yet. Is it any good?	I thought it was pretty good. The character is the richest superhero with an estimated 500 billion dollars.	I did not know that. I am not a huge fan of the movies. It seems like it would be a lot of money to make it
DSTC10TOPICAL-003964	I live in North East Ohio, I think fans around here would gladly swap the Packers records for the Browns.	Yeah the Browns have had some tough times since I have been watching, much better season this one than last though.	I guess there is always someone worse than yourself, just heard about the team that lost 222-0. That must have hurt.	Yeah I am not sure of that, but I am a Bears fan
DSTC10TOPICAL-003965	Yeah I think so too. Gal Gadot who is the new wonder woman, actually served two years as a soldier.	Yeah I think I have read that before, that is impressive. I heard she was really good in that movie as well.	It's funny that she did not know she was auditioning for wonder woman. She thought she was trying out for cat woman	Yeah I know, she is so hard to keep track of her and she is so many people who are so many people and she is so hard to keep her
DSTC10TOPICAL-003966	Yea there is no rule against that as long as they qualify	Yes. The game average is only 11 minutes of play anyways	Yeah. Engineers make more than football players over their lifetime	Yeah. Do you know how much money they have?
DSTC10TOPICAL-003967	That kind of sucks, tickets tend to be really expensive and the game lasts for 3 hours, you would expect more than just 11 minutes of gameplay, really unfair.	Yeah I know. Bowlers used to make more in the 60s than football players	They did? I wonder what changed, bowling used to be really popular back in the day, it doesnt seem like a really popular sport now	Yes I know. Do you like soccer? It is a sport that has a lot of money to play in the world
DSTC10TOPICAL-003968	I know, honestly if it's a sport played with feet and a ball then i guess they have the right to call it that.	That is true. In Hungary "football" is soccer.	In parts of Africa too. in Australia Rugby is football.	Very true, there is a variation of soccer where 3 teams face each other at the same time.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003969	Yup, that is why I do not go to these events.	Well, obviously everyone else at the concert seemed to enjoy it so not to bad of a deal	Are there any concerts coming up that sound fun?	I like that too, I would like to see a concert with a concert that was so bad, did you hear about the concert that was released by a <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-003970	Yeah i'm sure your right. Can you believe top bowlers made more than top nfl players in the 60's?	Did they really? That's shocking, I wonder why, maybe people didn't care about football as much back then. Also I'm sure bowling games have more than 11 minutes of game play.	That's unbelievable. Almost as much as espn winning an Emmy. do you know what for?	I have no idea it was an Emmy for it. I wonder if it was a <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-003971	It was a nice way to spend an afternoon. i try to watch the playoffs and the superbowl. this year i didnt.	I watched the superbowl. I thought it was terrible, but that may just be me. So boring this year.	I think it was probably better the year before. there was a big comeback. this year it was a defensive battle. i wanted the underdog to win. too bad.	Yeah, I don't watch the game but I don't watch it. I tend to watch the game but I don't get the chance to watch it.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003972	Hi there, do you watch the NFL?	Yes I like to watch NFL games, I try to watch as many games as I can, what about you?	Nice, yes me too. Did you know women can play too?	I have heard that, I think they are pretty good as they play for the players
DSTC10TOPICAL-003973	That is pretty impressive, that is probably part of why the Patriots have been one of the most dominant teams recently.	Yes - the Patriots at least made a better decision than his high school - since they let tom Brady play!	I bet they are really regretting that decision now.	He's a good guy. He even gave his cheerleaders to the Saints who are allowed to play for their team.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003974	And their feet look all weird for some reason	Well putting dry tea bags in smelly shoes will absorb the odor.	That is something I have to try tonight	Well, it's been nice talking with you.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003975	Hi, do you like football?	Soccer or American football, i like them both.	I like them both too, I did not realize that the season lasts 17 weeks	Yes, it is a sport to be honest. I think it is a sport for the young people.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003976	Yes that is true and I am glad they came up with that line because it makes watching the game much easier	Definitely. Can you believe the former Patriots running back never fumbled the football his entire career?	That is so amazing. Do you know what the highest score in college football is?	Yeah, I heard that it makes the other team so it makes sense
DSTC10TOPICAL-003977	Hello, Do you enjoy football?	I do love football! How about you?	Yes, I love to go to the games? What do you think of the Patriots?	I like the NFL too. I like the <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-003978	I meant breast cancer, lol! Did you know woman could play in the NFL if they wanted to and could play.	They could possibly feel more comfortable in a pink locker room	I agree, lol! Did you know also the saints cheerleaders need to leave a restaurant if the players come in, kind of sexist!	I would have thought that would be in the opposite of the <unk> in the NFL
DSTC10TOPICAL-003979	Yes it was. Do you know anything about the FIFA World Cup?	I don't know much about it. When the US competed in the first FIFA world cup in 1930, they got 3rd place.	Yes they did. The city that is hosting the 2022 final does not exist yet.	I think the city is just going to be the city of the city and the city is just just <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-003980	Yes, although that duel thing seems like it should have been going on out in the cowboy west in the old days.	Right? They must have kept the laws from way back in time lol	Lots of curious things that are fun to learn about. It has been great chatting with you. Thanks!	Have a good day!
DSTC10TOPICAL-003981	Yeah that's for sure. I really thought that players earned alot more money though.	Maybe the MVP but an engineer will earn more money than the NFL player, I think soccer players are paid better	Crazy to think that one team scored 222 points in a game once too.	I agree, the players can play in the game and the players are in the highest paid in the league,
DSTC10TOPICAL-003982	that is crazy, I bet NFL makes more money now by a long shot, it was nice chatting with you!	Yeah that is true, things have really changed. Same here.	Good bye!	Same here
DSTC10TOPICAL-003983	Do you know if they have female players?	Well, not in the NFL they dont but i'm sure they might have a womans league	Did you know that the nfl has no rules against women? They could legally play if they met the requirements. What do you think?	I think they are the best player in the NFL and they are so <unk> and they are so <unk> and they are already able to play the game
DSTC10TOPICAL-003984	I would think so. Btw, nice chatting with you. Happy holiday	Merry Christmas to you, and I'll leave you with this fun fact: The university of Iowa's locker room provided for visiting football players is completely painted pink!	Thank you.	You too
DSTC10TOPICAL-003985	Hi friend, do you watch the NFL?	Hey, I am a big fan of the NFL. How about you?	I love watching the NFL, it may be my new religion. Did you know that Tom Brady has a book called the athletes bible?	Yes I did. He was a great QB and I think he was a great QB too. I love the game and I love it.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003986	I'm originally from England so soccer is my thing, yes, a little rugby too. I've tried watching football on TV but it seems to go on forever, and is mostly replays of what has happened already.	Yeah the average NFL game has 11 minutes of live gameplay, what do you think they could do to improve it ?	Less commercials. I think it is mainly a cultural thing. If I grew up here my opinion might be different.	I don't think so. I think it is a bit more than the players and the players are so good at the time and I think it is because the players have to play on the ball and then the
DSTC10TOPICAL-003987	The third was JFK.	I see. I wonder how rich president banana of Zimbabwe is haha. He may be the most loaded of all of them haha	President Banana is an interesting name. Were you aware that the guest house is bigger than the white house?	Wow that's a good question! I also like to know that the white house was smaller than the guest house
DSTC10TOPICAL-003988	Then he got Randy Moss and blew that out of the water!	Yup real talk! Tom Brady's wife makes double her husbands salary!	I would be really happy if my wife made double what I make. That would be great!	Yeah she was <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-003989	yeah, I'm one and I have a bunch of friends that do it. On average we make more than a football player!	Oh that's awesome. And yep that is what I have heard did you know that the NFL has no rule against female players. Do you think we'll see one in our lifetime?	I've heard that before, but I don't know if Americans can stomach seeing a woman getting injured on the field.	Haha that is a good point. I don't know what they do with their <unk> but I think it is really messed up
DSTC10TOPICAL-003990	Do you wear a costume for halloween ever?	my mom and dad used to dress me up in costumes for halloween sometimes. How about you?	lol me too, I remember seeing pictures of some ridiculous costumes. I want to be a panda researcher though	Oh nice. I like the costumes and the <unk> I love the costume and not a good thing to wear them in the house
DSTC10TOPICAL-003991	That's true. Do watch NFL football games?	I sometimes watch. Usually about the Superbowl. What about you?	I usually watch some games because my son really likes to watch football games.	Do you watch football too? I know that there are a few women in the NFL.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003992	I love Tom Hanks. I found it curious how the Lord of the Rings movies had huge losses despite being a success	Wow, that's pretty surprising. Never know what's going to bring in the money huh? You know you'd figure anything Disney would be a sure hit but heard that their animated "Treasure Planet" was one of the most expensive box office	Yes. And John Carter was a flop over here but broke box office records in Russia	The highest paid superhero was 1938 <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-003993	Hey there my friend do you ever wear shoes.	Yes I do but not like ballet dancers. They can go through 4 pairs of pointe shoes in a week.	That is shocking. I used to date a ballet dancer actually. And I can confirm that they always have feet problems	I guess they are really good with the shoes. I know that Michael Jackson is a big dancer and he is the only one to do with the <unk>
DSTC10TOPICAL-003994	True, I did not think about that, do you know how we are able to learn about interesting statistics like ball speed. ball rotation and players performance?	Yeah that is actually pretty cool, they are using tracking chips on the shoulder pads of the players now.	I find that pretty interesting!! Did you know when was the highest score in a football match ever?	That is so strange. I know that the coach was once once in college and he was not allowed to get out of the top of the
DSTC10TOPICAL-003995	Me too, I'm surprised that Jupiter has radio storms they can be heard on AM radio.	Yes. I wouldnt mind hearing those.	I wonder what they sound like? What if it is actually aliens trying to talk with us?	Yes I agree. I would love to listen to a radio station that has a weekly news program in classical latin.
DSTC10TOPICAL-003996	smart kid, took lots of ap tests in high school	wow amazing. Brad Johnson is the only QB that threw himself a touchdown pass	I did not even know such a thing is possible at all	I guess so. He has a lot of AP tests in high school
DSTC10TOPICAL-003997	Me too. But I'm not sure what frequency it is. Kind of has me worried now!	well maybe we will find out at some point. did you know we can grow a rib in 2-3 months	No, that is shocking. How do they know that?	Well it might be a good point to make it out of abstract art
DSTC10TOPICAL-003998	No but I bet it's wild to see. Ha! Wonder if players are allowed to touch the ball with their hands and arms while it's in play unlike regular soccer?	Yeah I don't know it sounds more interesting to me than regular soccer though LOL, have you heard of the German player Mesut Ozil?	I admire him because he donated his entire world cup bonus to pay for the surgeries of 23 different kids over in Brazil. I wish all athletes were like him!	I guess they should have to get into some sports and then they could be able to get into the sport because they are pretty good
DSTC10TOPICAL-003999	He was a very funny and interesting man. Something else that is funny is the University of Iowa painted the visiting locker room pink. I wonder what the visiting football teams thought about that.	Yeah it was probably before pink became popular for professional football players to support breast cancer	Do you watch a lot of football?	I watch a little bit.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004000	Hmm I am not sure of that. He went to college for it?	Nope he just attended drama class in high school because that is where the pretty girls went	Hahaha the guy really knew what he was after even that early	Exactly. Do you watch the NFL games at all?
DSTC10TOPICAL-004001	Yeah I think I have read that before, that is impressive. I heard she was really good in that movie as well.	It's funny that she did not know she was auditioning for wonder woman. She thought she was trying out for cat woman	That is pretty funny, do you know what year the original wonder women made an appearance?	It's been a long time! I believe it was 1941.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004002	Actually it was Georgia Tech against Cumberland, they beat them 222-0	Hm. I figured that Tom Brady gave a biblical whooping to the Browns. Oh well. 222-0? Did Cumberland play with their cheerleaders or what?	Hahah good point, I have no idea but what a defeat. Do you ever watch the ESPN?	Is that like the NFL? Is it football? Or Spanish soccer or something?
DSTC10TOPICAL-004003	I do but i don't get the chance as much anymore. The patriots are on a role.	Do you know how many teams are on the NFL?	Wow that's a good question, how many?	32. Did you know that the former running back, Benjarvis Green-Ellis has never fumbled the football in his whole NFL career?
DSTC10TOPICAL-004004	That is true. They produced a knock off lego once	Wow, they have tried their hand on everything it seems, smart business people	Very true. And they also own the Seattle Mariners. Good investment seems	Wow, good for them. They once released a console just for Pokemon
DSTC10TOPICAL-004005	I'm surprised a building of that size has lasted so long	I have no idea, but I am glad it survived. History should not be destroyed. Going back to football, the games apparently last only 11 minutes of active game	I guess the players have other things to attend to. They are pretty busy. Sunday is a work day for them. I hope they are editing the Bible like that Jefferson fellow.	Yeah that is true. It was nice chatting with you.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004006	Yeah it cost a whooping $60 million, that is very expensive	Yeah do you know who Benjarvus Green-Ellis is?	Oh yeah the man is a legend, never fumbled the ball	Yeah. did you know women can play in the NFL?
DSTC10TOPICAL-004007	That makes sense. The NFL is using tracking chips on the players now.	Yes they are and they are collecting many stats such as velocity and rotation and others	Yeah. Do you know who Benjarvus Green-Ellis is?	Of course I do, he played for the Patriots and never fumbled the ball in his career
DSTC10TOPICAL-004008	Yes I have, very funny movie. That was a classic right there. Thanks	I have never seen it before, I think Bill Murray said it was comedy gold or something like that.	I agree. Did you know that some of the very first silent movies out there were comedies?	I did, Charlie Chaplin was great. It was amazing that they didn't even have to talk to make people laugh
DSTC10TOPICAL-004009	Yeah, wasn't he the guy who didn't ever fumble the ball? Thats a pretty incredible feat.	That sure is, what a career. Did you know bowlers used to make more than football players in the 60s	That is surprising, I never saw bowling as that popular. But engineers make more over a lifetime than football players. So there is some incentive to work hard in school.	Yup sure it and they deserve it. I guess their careers are longer too so they have more time to make money
DSTC10TOPICAL-004010	Where did you usually commute from and to? Technology and innovations fly by year after year.	I simply drove to the big city for about an hour and a half. Did you ever use the car radio?	That sounds like my commute. I commute about that long one way for school and back home. Doesn't every car have a radio?	Yes but the real question is do you use it? I never have, but I have recently been reading up on radios which is why I ask
DSTC10TOPICAL-004011	I'm a huge football fan. How about yourself?	I love football both college and NFL, do you have a favorite NFL team of the 32?	I'm a New England Patriots fan and huge fan of Tom Brady how about you?	Nice I am a Vikings fan, not doing so hot as of late. I also like the University of Iowa Hawkeyes, did you know they paint their opponents locker room pink?
DSTC10TOPICAL-004012	Well apparently there is a president in Zimbabwe called president banana	They could do a musical number. I think that many fans would follow.	See I like that idea haha. Maybe they could make a lot of money so that Trump could be back into the top three richest presidents of all time	He should have all three slots realistically. He is popular enough for 1st 2nd and 3rd place, like in his beauty contests.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004013	I do too. The Saints should do better, if not for themselves, but for the good of the league.	Yeah I agree with you on that. Do you know what the average actual time of gameplay is for an average NFL game?	Something like 10 minutes, right? I think I heard that when they were talking about the chips in the shoulder pads of the players.	Yeah it's only 11 minutes of actual gameplay, the rest is spent calling plays and moving chains and stuff. Yeah I have heard about that too, very interesting.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004014	I hope so too. We need engineers more than we need athletes if we're going to have a good society.	True! Although it is pretty cool that there isn't a rule that keeps women from playing. All they need to do it meet eligibility	I guess in the future we might see a woman. Anyway, great chat! Have a great evening!	That would be an interesting game!
DSTC10TOPICAL-004015	I don't know honestly. We have some teams that have won state championships in the area but i don't ever go to the games.	I would think it would be more interesting if you went to the actual school.	I would think so too but there's a school in Allen, Texas that spent 60 million dollars to build a football stadium to seat 18,000 people.	Wholly molly! That is a ton of money, hopefully they have a lot of fans.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004016	Yep, that's how consistently good they have been. Did you know that New Orleans cheerleaders are forbidden from eating in the same restaurant as any NFL player. If they are eating somewhere and an NFL player comes in, they have	Thats rude. I wonder why?	They probably don't want any PR problems from that. It's kind of weird that there is no women in the NFL. There is no written rules against female players.	I heard about a woman trying to go pro last year.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004017	Really, Id be interested to read it. It does sound a little extreme at some times.	I agree lol, do you have a favorite team?	I do, unfortunately I root for the Dolphins, it was a family thing.	yikes, I am sorry to hear that, lol. I am a vikings fan and they blew it this year. Did you know the average NFL game is only 11 minutes of gameplay?
DSTC10TOPICAL-004018	I do not think I have heard of that, what is it? There is a radio station that turns solar energy into sounds	WOw cool one. Have you ever listened to canadian radios?	I have not actually, I just do not have the time I guess. Back to football, Kellan Moore is the only half handed QB in the NFL.	Wow, I wonder if he has any advantages because of that
DSTC10TOPICAL-004019	Good point. The ESPN once won an Emmy. Do you know what for?	Hmm I do not know that, did not know they could qualify for any of those awards	Yeah, well they got it for the superimposed yellow like	Oh I see , well in that case I am happy because it has made the game much easier to watch at home
DSTC10TOPICAL-004020	Yes, I did, interesting. I think they owned alot of land.	I believe so too. Up until 1805 the vice president was decided by who the runner up was in the presidential election. Interesting because there probably would have been 2 different opinions on issues of the time in the White	Yes, that is interesting. Its good times have changed.	Yes. There was once a president banana who was the 1st president of Zimbabwe! lol
DSTC10TOPICAL-004021	Yeah and after words maybe on a subconscious level. You know the highest scoring game of all time?	Yeah it was 222-0. What a blow out!	Yeah Georgia Tech was not playing around. I would have hated to be on the bus ride home to Cumberland.	Agreed, or have my name associated with that team. That must have been a rough game for the,.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004022	Im doing great. How bout you.	I'm good, thanks for asking. Do you like Tennis?	I have never really sat down to watch it to be honest.	I watch a little, mainly the Open when it's playing. Do you realize a black man has not won te US open tennis title since 1968?
DSTC10TOPICAL-004023	I love the NFL! I try to follow all 32 teams the best I can.	Nice. I did not know the game season is 17 weeks. That is a long time and lots of games	Yes. It seems to go fast. Each team plays a 16 game schedule.	Yeah it does seem that for sure. Interesting that bowlers used to make more than football players in the 60s
DSTC10TOPICAL-004024	It That is an interesting coincidence.	Did you know the NFL has no rules against women playing?	That's great! There should a team entirely of women!	That would be interesting to watch! With only 11 minutes of live game play on average, gives time to eat footall treats or standing in line at the stadium. lol
DSTC10TOPICAL-004025	Hello, do you like television?	I do. I love watching SNL - especially the weekend update.	I love SNL. Did you know when South Park aired the Family Guy episode, they received flowers from the Simpsons crew?	Yeah, I heard that. It was because of the parody, right.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004026	Yes but I guess that was because bowling was much more popular back then	I guess so. Do you know what the highest score in college football is?	Yes that is 222-0 when Georgia Tech beat Cumberland	Yes that was way vack in 1916 but quite something still
DSTC10TOPICAL-004027	I think soccer players make less money than a basketball player. But as a whole soccer is watched by a lot of people more in comparison to basketball. That is just my opinion	Yea basketball players are making upwards of 50 million a year thats crazy. I know overseas soccer is a huge sport. In There exists a variation of soccer where 3 teams face each other at the same time.	I never heard of such thing. How 3 teams can play on the field at the same time is a mind blowing. Hahaha	Im sure that would cause a lot of confusion on the field !
DSTC10TOPICAL-004028	Well the NFL tracks everything. They even have chips in shoulder pads and footballs for tracking so I am pretty sure they are accurate.	I think its great that tech is being integrated into the game, cool stats indeed they should make devices to control the brain damage injuries	You would think that an average NFL player who will make less than an average engineer over his lifetime would want to help their own health. The NFL is violent.	It is a violent sport, I love it still, there's no rule against a female playing.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004029	Are you a baseball fan? I'm not, so I am not surprised that the Women's World cup has higher ratings than the World Series.	Soccer is the international sport. Women around the world will be keen on seeing the games. Not so much for baseball, I guess. I am not a big baseball fan, though I follow the playoffs.	I'm not a sports person, I do like chess. Although, I didn't know it was invented in India.	Chess is a very old game. The term "checkmate" means something about the king dying.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004030	No! Wow, that's awesome! Very smart and kind of them. I love animals more than a lot of people lol!	It is a great thing they did! i wish the U.S. would do that!	I do too, we have so many animals going extinct it would probably help a lot. They deserve to thrive and be safe too.	They do indeed. I like that they have their own scientific kingdom called Animalia.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004031	Yeah I guess it was a more popular game back then. Their coaches are the highest paid people	Yeah no surprise there. Do you know what the highest score in college football is?	Hmmm no I do not, what is it. Did you hear about that giant stadium in Texas?	The highest score is 222-0, Georgia Tech versus Cumberland, and I do not know abut that stadium
DSTC10TOPICAL-004032	Hi, do you like football?	Hello, i love the NFL now thats a real sports league!	Do you know if they have female players?	Well, not in the NFL they dont but i'm sure they might have a womans league
DSTC10TOPICAL-004033	Hello, do you watch NFL?	Yes I tried to watch every nfl game. Do you like Tom Brady?	I like him. I guess he is a book author now as well.	Yes, he got a best selling athlete bible that he believe to help him to play top games at the age of 40.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004034	Hello there, do you watch the NFL?	Hi, no I don't watch it. Do you?	Yes me too from time to time. Curious fact, the U of Iowa visitor locker room is painted pink.	That's funny. Do you think that was done to humiliate their opponents?
DSTC10TOPICAL-004035	Are you a New England Patriots fan?	lol no I am not. Did you know there is no written rule against female players? women are allowed to play football.	And sorry, yes I watch football. I am not a fan of the Patriots either! lol I did know about the rule allowing female players. I'm surprised no females play tho	George rr martin calls the Patriots the lannisters of football lol
DSTC10TOPICAL-004036	That must be a nightmare for opposing teams! Wonder if that would have helped Cumberland when Georgia Tech set the highest score record when they beat them 222-0. Ha!	Haha that is true! It's so surprising that an average engineer will make more in his life than an NFL or MLB player	Agreed. I even wonder if engineers made more than the top bowlers of the 1960s since they actually made more than the top football players as well!	I bet they do. I don't think athletes do very well managing their money after all
DSTC10TOPICAL-004037	Yeah, no kidding. Although the average lifetime salary of engineers is higher than the average lifetime earning of an NFL player.	Plus fewer concussions too. I think it would be better for women to go into engineering.	Yeah, no kidding! I know the cheerleaders on the Saints have to leave a restaurant if a team player is there.	Sexism, plain and simple. Anyway, great chatting!
DSTC10TOPICAL-004038	Free with you, they should have had Snoop Dogg make a theme song for the game like he did for his son's high school football team LOL	Interesting, do you play golf?	I have tried to play golf but I'm not very good, it just takes so long to do all 18 holes I think	I suck at it, but we drink beer and smoke cigars on the course.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004039	For sure, did you know the NFL is the new religion	I guess it is, many people watch it for sure. Do you know how many teams are there?	I think there are 32 teams now, which is your favorite?	I like the Patriots. They had a player once that never fumbled the ball in his career
DSTC10TOPICAL-004040	Well there is a free website of them if you would like to check it out	Yeah that is nice. Did you know that there is a radio station that turns solar energy into tunes	That is so cool. In WWII soldier made foxhole radio using pencils and razorblades	That is so creative. Do you use the phone much?
DSTC10TOPICAL-004041	Now, that's smart	Haha, yep it is.	It was very nice chatting with you. Have a great day	You as well. Have a great day.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004042	They cannot socialize or date either.	Well that i agree with but forcing them to leaves a bit much to me.	Yeah probably something happened for them to make that rule. Well, cant wait till the draft lol. Gotta run, nice talking to you.	You too, don't forget to try out the Avocado ice cream.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004043	That was a beautiful show, both in the writing and visually. It's probably the best bit of TV Sci-Fi since 1997.	Yes I thought so too	It's been nice chatting with you, but I'd better get back to work.	you too
DSTC10TOPICAL-004044	Well I hope the players get their degrees before going to the NFL. The lifetime earnings of an engineer is higher than the average lifetime earnings of an nfl player	They could probably get tons of degrees after the NFL	lol. The bible is the best selling book ever selling over 5 billion copies. I know that because every one has one.	I never had time to check that everyone had one. I'm glad you did. A load off my mind. Some people might want spare copies though.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004045	I guess the football players chose the wrong sport then. They could have just gone bowling and make money. They could wear their helmet bowling too.	Well things have changed now so that definitely is not the case. But engineers still make more than football players	Engineers makes more than football players, but not for playing football. Engineers are good at engineering.	Yup for sure. Did you know women can play too if they qualify?
DSTC10TOPICAL-004046	I agree. Though the earnings of an engineer over their life time are higher that the earnings of a football player. That makes me feel a little better.	Until you think about retirement age. I'll take ten and out with millions over forty plus and out with millions. lol. What about you?	Same here. I would rather a few years to make my millions.	Iowa States visiting locker room is painted pink.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004047	Yes, I forget how football is usually soccer to most people	Soccer is a popular sport around the world. Football is gaining popularity too in other countries.	I think internationally soccer is the most popular. In the US, football generally is more popular	Yes, I would say so. Americans love the gladiatorial contest of football.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004048	Yeah did you know most presidents swear in on the bible.	Two US president did not use it in swearing-in ceremonies.	yeah they are John quincy adams and teddy roosevelt	Its correct.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004049	On a different topic what do you think about Birds by the way? I did eat a chicken for dinner and it was delicious	Birds are pretty awesome, they are technically dinosaurs so I find it fascinating to see living dinosaurs	Yes I agree, it's very crazy that they can range in size from 2 inches to over 9 feet	Yea, it's crazy birds were the only dinosaurs to survive the extinction event 66 million years ago but they are hardy species
DSTC10TOPICAL-004050	Yes, you are right, I have lots of comics books, I am not a reader, I like them for the drawing of the characters.	That is interesting. Dc comics paid $130 in 1938 for exclusive rights to superman.	Yes, Superman and Archie rich are two of the most valuable book I heard of according to my knowledge.	I think its funny that marvel comics spent 10 years convincing the US governement that x men are not humans.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004051	Hello there, do you play the piano?	Hello, I can play a little. What about you?	No, but I really wish that I could I think it is so cool.	DId you know an aluminum grand piano was built for the lounge of the airship Hindenburg.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004052	It would be cool if they even had stuff that predated Marvel, if that is even a thing.	I think there are comics way before that.	I think it is cool how they have different universes, even within the same franchise.	Yeah, but it is a smart business decision to do that.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004053	I agree! They are lucky to make it on ESPN 12 lol. Do you think there will ever be a woman that tries out for a team?	I don't know enough about women's bodies to say. There aren't many women who play in high school or college though.	I agree, but there is a small chance someday! Did you know ESPN won an emmy for their yellow first down line?	I heard that. i guess they were the first to create superimposed graphics. now they are everywhere.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004054	Oh I didn't know they were Canadian! If you are a radio drama fan there is a website where you can listen to thousands for free.	I have never listened to drama on the radio, but I do know it was very big, especially in the days before television	Yes it was basically the big form of entertainment! I bet some presidents even tuned in. The three wealthiest presidents were JFK, Washington, and Jefferson.	With inflation I can see how Washington or Jefferson might have more worth than President Trump. But JFK surprises me
DSTC10TOPICAL-004055	Football has got to be crazy too. Its a money maker for a lot of colleges	Yeah. The only good thing about this model is that it pays for the lesser sports, like swimming and volleyball.	Did you know Espn won an emmy for the creation of the yellow first down line	I did not. I was also shocked to find out the university of iowa's locker room for visiting football teams is completely painted pink
DSTC10TOPICAL-004056	I think he is a pretty decent player. So was the former QB for Patriots, Benjarvus	I think considering how many super bowl rings Brady had he is better than decent.	Yeah that is true. Benjarvus on the other hand is the only guy in NFL to have never fumbled a ball.	That is impressive do you know how many games he played in?
DSTC10TOPICAL-004057	Hello, do you listen to the radio?	Not really. Do you?	Yeah I do quite a bit I just have not managed to find that Jupiter station	Ha, kind of freaky that you can hear Jupiter's storms on the AM radio!
DSTC10TOPICAL-004058	It is funny - bowling is a less athletic sport but they used to make twice as much as football players	i think they now get paid more but not all of them	yes that is true. Espn probably got more from winning an emmy for the creation of the virtual yellow line	unbelievable really. did you know the U of Iowa locker room is painted pink?
DSTC10TOPICAL-004059	Yeah that is a wild fact, I guess the thing to do was to be a bowler in the 60's, that was the life!	Sure would be a lot easier physically than football. Did you see espn won an emmy for creating that superimposed yellow line representing the first down? I wonder what year that was	Yeah I am trying to think if I can remember watching games before it happened. I know I have but it's just so part of the game now I can't really remember.	I'm sure it was innovative and useful, but winning an emmy for that seems a bit much.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004060	Fun! We should be just about done with this hit!	yeah, this was a fun one!	I thought so too! Nice talking with you!	same here
DSTC10TOPICAL-004061	Yes it was basically the big form of entertainment! I bet some presidents even tuned in. The three wealthiest presidents were JFK, Washington, and Jefferson.	With inflation I can see how Washington or Jefferson might have more worth than President Trump. But JFK surprises me	Yes JFK is a bit surprising. I bet the president of Indonesia made a lot from his pop albums!	I wonder if he had time to actualy run the country. Recording 3 albums is a long process
DSTC10TOPICAL-004062	No. I usually watch comedy or romantic movies.	It was fantastic. The end left you guessing though. Some people say Infinity War owes part of it's success to Black Panther.	I will make a point of watching it soon.	Apparently, there is a correlation in the success of Marvel movies and how spaced out they are each release. That's interesting.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004063	I imagine it was at least hundreds apart?	222-0. I dont even see how that is possible. That one team must have been really bad.	Perhaps a combination of the winning team being just that good and the losing team being so bad	Ive seen some blow outs, but never by that much.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004064	Talk about a good career move that would pay off down the road! Marcia Lucas was the reason for some major changes to the original movie and won an academy award for editing the film.	Another fun fact that I learned is that there's a toy Hans Solo in every Firefly episode. I loved Firefly too!	I never knew that. I'm going to have to go watch and look for it.	Yes, it was on the bridge console with the pilot. Did you know that Bill Murray auditioned for the role of Hans Solo?
DSTC10TOPICAL-004065	Hi! I love rock music and it has been for a while now. I think since the 60s.	Yeah, it's definitely a classic and great genre. White snake has had over 50 members through it's history. That's crazy!	I know. The list has its own wikipedia page.	I wonder why so many people ended up leaving/joining the band. Do you know if they were just a specific position switching out, like a guitarist?
DSTC10TOPICAL-004066	Nice! Did you know engineers make more money over time than NFL players do?	I guess that makes sense since their careers are longer too and they have more time to make money	For sure, but I bet NFL players are paid more per hour. Did you know an NFL game has 11 actual minutes of gameplay?	That just seems so short but I can see how that is for sure, lots of downtime in there
DSTC10TOPICAL-004067	Yeah true. Do you know what is the highest score in college football game?	Yes that is 222-0 and do you know who was playing in that game?	Yes that was Georgia tech that beat Cumberland in 1916	Yeah and that still holds the record for the highest score
DSTC10TOPICAL-004068	Actually, I did. That thing was too long, though. I sat for 3 hours, makes me mad to think that the average NFL game has only 11 minutes of actual live gameplay.	Same here. There is so much waiting around. Id like to see a game with a running clock for all of it, stopping only when teams score. That would give more action.	You know they have tracking chips in the player's shoulder pads that records every move on the field. It would be interesting to see what that data shows!	It would. Id even like to see how hard those guys are actually getting hit. I know the NFL doesnt have rules against female players, but I dont know if a female would want to take some of that impact from those 300 pound lineman.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004069	Yeah that makes sense. Because I haven't heard of that rule with any other team. What about the rule for female players? Apparently there is no rule against it, which is interesting	I guess they never imagined that women would want or be able to play. Other sports might not have such a rule either.	Yeah that makes sense. I don't think that women can play basketball or anything like that, at least in the NBA, but maybe I'm wrong? Do you have a favorite quarterback by the way?	There is a WNBA, but the money is not as good. I don't have a favorite QB, but I did like Joe Montana and Steve Young.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004070	True. 11 minutes of combat.	I'm all for women breaking barriers and the belief that they can accomplish anything a man can, but not when there is a chance for major injury just based on a size advantage.	True. Anyway, I enjoyed chatting with you!	So did I, have a great day!
DSTC10TOPICAL-004071	Yeah thats true. Looks like a lot of them just inherited the money	And now the actors that play the characters are getting rich. Marvel movies make serious box office cash	I know right. Have you seen infinity war?	I have. It was also great. Josh Brolin did a great job as Thanos.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004072	Yes, the talent is there, on the coaching staff too. Though I have heard accusations for cheating.	Yes and while I am not familiar enough to know the details, which team hasn't been accused as such	I really don't know. I figure that the cost of getting caught cheating would be pretty high. Didn't they have to pay a fine or something?	That I'm not sure if the cheating accusations were validated.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004073	Hi! I do occasionally, usually during big games like Super Bowl.	Me too, I really don't watch much but I do like football. I think Tom Brady is an excellent quarterback.	I agree, though he is now in his 40s born in August 1977. Wonder if he might retire soon?	Hmmm, good question. He has done so much and considered the best quarterback of all time, so maybe. I think he is due some time to have some fun the rest of his life! The NFL probably won't want him to retire any time soon ,lol......
DSTC10TOPICAL-004074	Nice I liked it too. did you know it was founded in 1889 as a playing card company	Yeah, I did not know it was that old. Did you	Yeah I did not know but apparently it has been that long	Cool, I found out Nintendo produced a knockoff lego when they were a toy company.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004075	Hi, how are you? do you like Marvel	Hello, I am doing good this morning. Yeah I like Marvel. Me and my son are always watching superhero movies.	Nice, me too although I am not a huge Fantastic Four fan. I think the movie killed it for me...	Yeah, we havnt seen that one yet, and he isnt at the age to get into comic books yet.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004076	I've watched Australian rules football and Rugby before although they aren't on tv much	They call it football codes. There is also a Gaelic football	Interesting. I mainly watch the NFL even though the games only have an average of 11 minutes of gameplay for each game	That is crazy, but I am sure you enjoy the whole thing. The game stops all the time. But personally , I like it like that
DSTC10TOPICAL-004077	The nfl has no written rule against female players; women would in fact be allowed if they met the league's eligibility requirements. I had no idea! I would have thought they did but I guess not.	That is interesting but I wonder what the league's eligibility requirements are. What if they had to have played football in college?	I am not sure. Based on the article, they could play. I think that they are not sexist, just biased against age.	It is interesting that I watch an NFL game that takes usually over three hours and there is only 11 minutes of actual action on average.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004078	I do! I just watched avengers the other day! Have you seen Wonder Woman?	I haven't, but I should! It was the highest grossing superhero movie!	I know! I've seen the Dark Knight too, have you? It was the highest before Wonder Woman.	I did. I didn't realize Batman's character was created in 1939!
DSTC10TOPICAL-004079	Yeah only 13 TD passes which is low for a QB, he did have a better season the previous year	Saquon Barkley should be a good pick for the fantasy draft next season.	Im not aware of that player in what position does he play?	He is a running back for the New York Giants.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004080	That would be different. Maybe they could get a pink locker room like the Univ of Iowa has for its visiting football teams. :) So bad! !	Haha, right! That is crazy. It's not any different than the crazy high score game that ended with 222-0 that's unbelievable!	Yeah that was awful for the losing team I bet. They probably could have benefited from the tracking chips they use today in the players' shoulder pads to record their moves. Maybe could have figured out what they were doing	Exactly! Good point. Did you know Tom Brady's wife makes more than twice the amount of money that Tom does?? He could definitely retire hahaa, that's a lot of money!
DSTC10TOPICAL-004081	Would be awesome to watch!	Yea, it's quite ironic that Jackson popularized the robot dance and wanted to build a robot lol	Could he make it sing too?	I don't know, I'm kinda glad his brothers Jackie, Tito, Jermaine, and Marlon didn't share his vision of making a 50ft robot
DSTC10TOPICAL-004082	I can't believe google is only 10 years old!	They have certainly grown pretty fast. I love YouTube!	i do too! i also like google maps. Do you use that a lot?	For almost each trip I make when I don't know where it is, especially on out of town trips
DSTC10TOPICAL-004083	Me too, but I guess in my childhood and college years I was watching much often. I didn't know that 14 of the world's 25 largest stadiums belong to American college football teams. Did you know that?	I did not know that. The University of Iowa's lock room for visiting teams is painted in all pink.	lol why? Do they believe it may bring any benefits to Iowa?	Haha I guess. The highest score ever in a football game was 222-0!
DSTC10TOPICAL-004084	I wonder too, there is an AM radio frequency that catches Jupiter's radio storms	Very cool, wonder if it just sounds like static or what? Bill Murray voiced the Human Torch in the 1970's fantastic four radio show!	no way! Now i need to look that up. It probably was amazing	Yeah I bet. Surprisingly, one of the top radio acts in 1930's was a ventriloquist...people must have been hard up for entertainment.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004085	Good point. Did you know that bowlers made twice as much as top football stars ?	Thats crazy. It like how engineers make more in a lifetime	And what up with that crazy cumberland game. I would have walked off the field	I would have walked off after the first 100 points.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004086	That's such a nice gesture. For the longest time he was the voice of college football. Did you go to Michigan?	I did not just a big fan. My favorite player of all time attended there so It was how I became a fan	Who is your favorite player of all time?	Charles Woodson. Keith Jackson was also announcing that game when he cemented his Heisman against Ohio St
DSTC10TOPICAL-004087	I do love football! How about you?	Yes, I love to go to the games? What do you think of the Patriots?	I like the Patriots! I'm glad that they won the super bowl. Tom Brady puts a lot of work into his game and deserves to be a winner for his dedication to being the best he can be.	I agree with you! I love the team too!! Tom's plan for a good life is Joy, peak performance and avocado ice-cream!
DSTC10TOPICAL-004088	I did, it was pretty boring this year though.	Free with you, they should have had Snoop Dogg make a theme song for the game like he did for his son's high school football team LOL	Interesting, do you play golf?	I have tried to play golf but I'm not very good, it just takes so long to do all 18 holes I think
DSTC10TOPICAL-004089	Oh yeah you're right when they the aired the final family Guy episode.	Tv is a mass medium for advertisement, entertainment, and news. Is there anything else you enjoy?	Yes it is indeed. I enjoy the Internet. It's addicting and can cause measurable changes in the brain.	It is hard to get away from the internet. Even Mt Everest has service!
DSTC10TOPICAL-004090	I wonder if that is supposed to have some effect on the players	I am not sure. In the 60s bowlers used to make more than NFL players	Yeah I guess it was a more popular game back then. Their coaches are the highest paid people	Yeah no surprise there. Do you know what the highest score in college football is?
DSTC10TOPICAL-004091	Wasn't he a running back for the NE Patriots?	Yeah he was and he never fumbled the ball in his career	That's impressive. I wonder how many years he played for the Patriots to have that kind of stat	Yeah I do not know that but pretty impressive. Apparently there is no written rule agains women playing in the NFL
DSTC10TOPICAL-004092	Now that's suprising. I wonder how much would that be	I'm not sure. I think it's because NFL players do not play past their 30s normally	True. How about golf? are you familiar with it?	Not really. I've played but I'm terrible at it. The average american golf course consumes around 312,000 gallons of water per day.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004093	Yes. The Saints cheerleaders cannot even eat in the same restaurant as the players.	I guess it is to keep the players from getting distracted or from bad press about teams.	I'm sure. Even if the cheerleader is already there, if a player walks into the restaurant the cheerleader has to leave.	That's pretty strict.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004094	I guess that is not a lot considering how long they have been around	That is true actually. Do you know the programming language Python?	I have heard of it, is that somehow related to comedy	yes, the name comes from a British comedy group, monty python
DSTC10TOPICAL-004095	I sometimes watch football. You?	I like watching it when it's on! Can you believe there is only 11 minutes of actual gameplay?	I can. they do so much standing around and waiting. it feels like they try to run down the clock. i wouldnt buy a ticket. too expensive.	It really is! Maybe that's why they get paid the big bucks these days, unlike in the 60s.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004096	True. It was my pleasure to talk with you.	Have a good day my friend watch a disney film for me today	Sure.	Bye :D
DSTC10TOPICAL-004097	Ha! Maybe so! I mean, there's only 11 minutes of live NFL gameplay on average so it wouldn't hurt to have a few female players, I wouldn't think!	Maybe there is to many advertisements, what do yo think ? Or if the players played more than 11 minutes, they would get more injuries ?	I think it's primarily the commercials. Crazy to think it's only 11 minutes though! I wonder if the chips they use to track the movement of players only tracks 11 minutes worth?	Maybe it is to track the concussions too, or maybe it is just for TV special effect, like the yellow line for the first down, so good it won an Emmy.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004098	Yes and they also have to leave mid meal if they walk in	Yes it is absurd and sexist and it needs to go	I agree. THey are using tracking chips on the players now	Yes they are collecting stuff like velocity and rotation and such
DSTC10TOPICAL-004099	Yes they are and they are collecting many stats such as velocity and rotation and others	Yeah. Do you know who Benjarvus Green-Ellis is?	Of course I do, he played for the Patriots and never fumbled the ball in his career	Yup pretty much. DO you know the highest score recorded in a college football game?
DSTC10TOPICAL-004100	That stat actually surprises me with how much football players work! Did you know that in the 60s even top bowlers made more than football players? !	I wasn't aware of that, actually. That's sad and unfair - almost as bad as the Saints cheerleaders not being allowed to dine in the same restaurant as the football players.	That's terrible, especially since the cheerleaders need to leave even if they were there first. Talk about no womens rights?	I know. I'm so surprised no lawsuits have been filed yet over that nonsense. I'm also surprised we haven't had a female player drafted yet considering there's no rules forbidding females from playing as long as they meet the eligibility requirements!
DSTC10TOPICAL-004101	How great is that! So important. The library of Alexandria had a unique way of gathering books by making all ships visiting surrender their books for copy .	They must have had a impressive collection	How unfair, they would copy their books give them back the copy and keep the originals.	I guess that is true. Do you think we will ever have a centralized digital library of all our works and knowledge?
DSTC10TOPICAL-004102	Wow. Didn't know that. Antarctica has a disc golf course	Oh that would be a cold course! A golf course in Dubai requires 4 million gallons of water!	That is a lot of water. The US have more golf courses than the world combined	I bet. Did you know Samuel L. Jackson loves golf? He plays twice a week.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004103	How things have changed now. Did you hear they are using tracking chips on the players now?	Yes they are collecting information such as velocity and rotation and a bunch others, Wonder what for though.	I hope they can somehow use them to make the game safer and decrease the number of concussions	That would be amazing. On another topic, do you know anything about the Bible?
DSTC10TOPICAL-004104	Yes. They are definitely a power couple. Do you watch Game of Thrones? The author called the Pats the Lannisters of the NFL!	Yeah I've heard that one ;) really funny but what does it mean - they always pay their debt ? ;) lol	Did you know that in the 1960's bowlers made twice as much as top football stars?	What ? was bowling that popular then in US?
DSTC10TOPICAL-004105	I am not sure. But I'd definitely see the recent Spider Man film. I heard it was really good. And it won some Oscars	I heard it was really good, hes not my favorite superhero, but Id definitely see it also.	Do you read any other comic books?	No, never have read many of them. I miss out on a lot of back story that way.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004106	Wow. Drogba once stopped a civil war in his country	WOw amazing. Even Jon Steward used to be a soccer player	Nice a tv host and a soccer player, lots of talent there	Yes he represented the US in the panamerican games in Brazil
DSTC10TOPICAL-004107	They give 24 awards to talented people in the film industry annually.	Yes, Did you know that Daniel Day-Lewis is the only actor to win Best Actor at the Oscars 3 times.	No, I did not know that. Thanks for the info. I always like to know the facts related to the entertainment industry.	Yes, and Walt Disney to this day holds the record for most Oscars won by a man with 22 Oscars under his name.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004108	Friends was a great show, they had so much talent there. I was and am more of a Seinfeld fan, 3rd rock was ok.	I just love that comedies generally have a happy ending. I love to smile and laugh.	Yeah same here, and comedy is pretty hard to do right!	It is a natural talent. Demetri martin took the gamble on comedy when he left Harvard law school.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004109	I watch it most weekends. I prefer the NFL to college football or any other league.	I was shocked to find out that an average NFL game, only has 11 minutes of live gameplay.	They do keep the time running while the teams are setting up & calling a new play a lot so I guess it's not too surprising. They still earn a lot of money for the little work they do.	How true. I read somewhere that the top bowlers in the 1960s made twice as much as the top football stars.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004110	do you know much about the universe?	Some stuff. There is a theory that it was formed through evolution	Yeah and another one that there is only one electron in it	Yet another one that it is just a giant hologram
DSTC10TOPICAL-004111	Originally the runner-up would become vice president. So in our last election we would had vice president Hillary Clinton and president Trump. Talk about a lot of drama haha	Wow! That would have been crazy. We are much too partisan for that now. Maybe it would force us to work together more. Off topic but do you watch a lot of TV?	I watch a little bit of TV. since I don't have cable I only watch Netflix mostly. I like the show stranger things, what about you?	I love Stranger Things. I watch a lot of TV. Did you know that when South Park aired their Family Guy episode The Simpsons crew sent them flowers?
DSTC10TOPICAL-004112	Jefferson created a bible? How much money did he make on it? I know he was rich.	Yeah he created a version of it and took out all the supernatural stuff because he did not believe in it	There must not have been much left! I guess it was short book. Why did Jefferson do this? Was he angry at God or something?	No he just did not believe in resurrection and the miracles that are in the Bible
DSTC10TOPICAL-004113	I am not sure but it is shot in California in an Ikea store and people there do not even know	WOw. Do you like radio dramas?	I like them sometimes. Do you listen to them?	Yeah I do and there is a free website where you can listen for free
DSTC10TOPICAL-004114	Probably. I guess it's written into their contract.	football players are having too much troubles already	That's true. But it seems everyone else has to change their ways for them.	I believe so because money talks
DSTC10TOPICAL-004115	Yes, have you seen Iron Man, if yes did you like it?	Yes. Even after ten years it holds up quite well!	That's true, I even like the actor in Iron Man as much as the movie itself. He is one of my favorite actor.	Do you know the name of the company that published Iron Man comics?
DSTC10TOPICAL-004116	I understand their thinking. They felt that they should be loyal to the law of the land and the people of the US.	Do you like football?	Football is a fun sport. I don't get a chance to watch it much. You?	Yes, I love watching football. Did you know the University of Iowa's locker room for visiting teams is completely painted pink?
DSTC10TOPICAL-004117	Yes that is amazing, was also shocked when I read that	I guess I find all of it fascinating. How did someone figure out that these waves could be converted into sound?	I know its crazy, I wonder if it was one of those I have an idea moments	Have a great day and good luck to the Eagles.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004118	OK. Did you know that females could play in the NFL ?	No but i dont like how cheerleaders are forbidden from eating in the same restaurant as any nfl player	That is crazy that they would have to leave if a player comes in.	Its cool that ESPN made the yellow line
DSTC10TOPICAL-004119	Absolutely - there is a reason the lifetime earnings of an engineer is higher than that of a nfl player - their career is a lot longer.	It's funny to think that back in the 1960s, bowlers were paid more. I can't imagine sitting around and watching bowling being more exciting, but bowling alleys were popular.	Yeah I do love bowling though its been a while since I did it. There are more female bowlers though - even though it is allowed for women to play in the NFL, there aren't any.	I wonder if women will meet the 'standard', if they did apply. I mean, New Orleans even makes cheerleaders leave a restaurant if football players are there, sexism at its finest.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004120	I guess. Do you know how the polos were invented?	Yes they were invented by a tennis player Rene Lacoste	Yes and then was adopted by others and the rest is history	Yeah. DO you know what button down refers to?
DSTC10TOPICAL-004121	What a guy really. Did you know about that weird rule that New Orleans cheerleader shave to abide to?	Yeah about not being able to eat in the same restaurant as the players. What is up with that?	Yeah and they have to leave mid meal. That rule is sexist and has to go	Agreed on that. Do you know much about the Bible?
DSTC10TOPICAL-004122	i do like to watch football. only get the chance from time to time. You?	I do. Did you know that the NFL has no written rules against female players?	i heard something about that, but then again i dont think they ever imagined a woman showing up to try out.	Possibly. An engineer makes more in a lifetime than a football player. Knowing that, which career would you choose?
DSTC10TOPICAL-004123	I do from time to time.	me too, I am a university of iowa football fan, they paint their visitors locker room pink!	That's cool. Do you watch the NFL at all?	I love watching the NFL, out of the 32 teams, my favorite is the vikings, do you have a favorite?
DSTC10TOPICAL-004124	hahaha, it is just so much fun, the game itself and all the cheering and the fans. How about the animal world, do you take much interest there?	Yeah I am a big fan of animals and nature, how about you?	Most definitely, I love science in general. Crazy to think we share the planet with 20 quintillion other species of animals	Yeah it is crazy to think of that. Well it was nice talking with you today, I hope you enjoy the rest of the day.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004125	Yes I guess football was not that popular back then as it is now	True. Do you know the highest score in college football?	Yes that is 222-0 when Georgia Tech beat Cumberland	Yeah what a game and that was way back in 1916
DSTC10TOPICAL-004126	yes, I'd like to learn how do that myself. Apparently, you just use a razor blade and a pencil as a diode. I believe that they were called Foxhole radios.	Did you know that you can hear Jupiter radio songs on AM radio?	Well, I think it is radio storms that are so strong that they can be picked up and heard on the AM radio.	Interesting, have you heard them?
DSTC10TOPICAL-004127	I would if I had that kind of crazy money but it's so many shelter animals it would not be smart.	Have you ever used Pandora Radio?	Yes! I enjoy the service, How about you?	I used to use it but it seems like a ripoff for artists. Aloe Blacc had 168 million streams of his music & only make $12K.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004128	Hi do you like movies?	Good Afternoon! Yes, I do enjoy movies and I try to watch a new release at least once a month. You?	That is cool, do not do it as often. One of the ones that I admire the most is star wars series which started in 1977	For sure - Star Wars has been an epic anthology, save for the middle 3 (first 3), but I did enjoy all of them and can't wait for the new ones!
DSTC10TOPICAL-004129	I didn't know that, do you know if they still do that?	They still make rubber boots yes	Boots have a lot of interesting history in general. I believe the first people to ever be photographed were a man and the cleaner cleaning his boots.	Yes , I think that is correct. Do you like literature?
DSTC10TOPICAL-004130	Yes it is indeed. I enjoy the Internet. It's addicting and can cause measurable changes in the brain.	It is hard to get away from the internet. Even Mt Everest has service!	Yes that is so hard to believe! When buying a product or service online, only 7% of people read the full terms.	Did you hear about the lady who read the terms this past week and won 10,000. It might be worth doing
DSTC10TOPICAL-004131	Did you know that Hugh Jackman once walked around comic con in his full wolverine costume and no one even noticed him?	haha I didn't know that. That's pretty cool! Sean Bean is so scared of flying that he hiked into location in full costume when filming the Lord of the Rings.	wow that is crazy.. There is a great pianist on tv right now - do you play?	I don't play but wish I could. It was invented in Italy by Bartolomeo Cristofori around the year 1700. Had no idea they were around that long.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004132	I didnt know that, I wonder if players are ok with that, chips can gather all kinds of info and it can be a bit invasive	Well I think it is only during games so they can get velocity and rotation and such. They must be okay with it since they are keeping them in their pads	Oh I see, so this only applies to games, a thing I dont like about the game is that a lot of the times is wasted on ads, theres only a total of 11 minutes of live play	Yeah that is true, so much downtime there. On another topic, do you know much about the Bible?
DSTC10TOPICAL-004133	That is pretty cool that there is no written rule against them and hope to see them in the field soon	Yeah I hope so too. Did you know engineers make more int heir lifetime?	Yeah and I wonder if that fact that they have longer careers has anything to do with that	That makes sense. The NFL is using tracking chips on the players now.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004134	Ok, yes. It could. I'm not advocating that women. play. In fact, they'd be better off as engineers probably. The average lifetime earnings of an engineer is higher than the average lifetime earnings of an NFL player.	Probably due to injury related early retirement	True. Engineers have fewer concussions.	Much less indeed.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004135	There's a lot of money in European soccer. I guess it helps to diversity across sports and locations.	Yes, I imagine.	Soccer seems to be a game that's more fun to play than watch. I understand the appeal in countries where people grow up playing it. Recently some American got signed to a European team for a ton of cash. Maybe	Yes, possibly. Did you know that the president of the world chess federation believes that chess was invented by aliens? I mean, we're talking about international sports, but that would make chess inter-galactic.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004136	Oh I see, interesting, and yeah, I see your point that definitely sells movies or at least creates interest in them.	The fact that he was so well-known and considered a comic legend just shows how effective he was at those spots. Before Iron Man was released in 2008, many people didn't even realize comics were still being published.	I can imagine after all the whole Marvel franchise is live because of him and will keep on living long after his death.	He really gave them the right boost to start!
DSTC10TOPICAL-004137	That's interesting, the evolutionary things are so cool, I get the hiccups a lot too.	Haha I think I have the right now. I'm just glad though that Scotland passed a lot to protect the Loch Ness monster back in 1912 just in case it exists lol	That's funny, I'd definitely be a lawyer in Switzerland to represent the animals, love them!	Yep animals are awesome! It's so funny to that they can be millions of a meter to multiple meters long lol I love animals of all shapes and sizes
DSTC10TOPICAL-004138	You are kind of right, but definitely something underneath is going on with him.	I guess, maybe I don't think it's the big of deal to be upset as long as you acknowledge that it was wrong. A bit of anger can be healthy.	And I have to admit that the reporter was pushing him a little bit.	Yeah exactly.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004139	I think it is a good platform for that by the way.	Not everyone does though. Burger King had a promotions that you got a free whopper if you unfriend 10 people. I wonder what inspired that.	I think that Burger King was just looking for media attention which they got.	I imagine that Myspace regrets turning down and offer to buy Facebook for $75 million.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004140	Yes I actually have a DIY project in my home right now. Im watching YouTube to complete it.	It is such a great thing. There is actually NOTHING I have tried to look up that I didn't find!	I know, there is a ton of info available, even material from corporations like CBS and BBC, I think YouTube is a great invention.	They are the second largest search engine on the internet. I myself usually just google what I want to find and then it takes me to YouTube. The whole channels thing on YouTube confuses me.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004141	I have a passing knowledge	Same here. The highest scoring game ever was 222-0! That must have been something to watch!	Either the winning team was just that good or the losing team was just that bad	Or both! Did you know in the NFL they only play for around 11 minutes per game?
DSTC10TOPICAL-004142	It is true, I do enjoy watching the Super Bowl.	Me too although it was pretty boring this year.	Yeah, it was very boring.	Have a great night.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004143	What tv drama does he act in?	I don't like his movies to be honest. One more celebrity news is that actor Michael caine became an actor because all the prettiest girls at his school were in drama class.	Michael is one of my all-time favorite actors!	Really? Which drama movies of him do you like>
DSTC10TOPICAL-004144	I may have seen one a very long time ago. Fox did not think it would succeed so they told George lucas if he directed it he would get all merchandising rights to himself. He must have made a fortune.	Oh I actually knew that about the films! He definitely made a fortune. They thought that the entire franchise would never make any money - especially when it came to toys and such. I bet they regret every bit of	Yes, and his wife Marcia was the reason they made all the good changes. She even won an award for it.	Good changes in regards to what?
DSTC10TOPICAL-004145	Engineers came up with that! Probably a better profession for women to choose. The average lifetime earnings of an engineer are higher than the average lifetime earnings of an NFL player.	I wonder why that is! Maybe because engineers have to work longer? After all football games only have about 11 minutes of live game play.	True, but there is little risk of concussion as an engineer.	That's true. Maybe another reason could be the country hasn't always needed or loved football. I think in the 60s the top bowlers made more than top football players.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004146	I would certainly take the engineer career path in that case. It would certainly be much easier on your body.	Yes, can you believe that in the 60s top pro bowlers made twice as much as footballs players? Talk about a job that's easy on you body!	That would be much easier on your body. I can't imagine that paying more. Times have changed. Were you also aware that 14 of the world's 25 largest stadiums are American college football team stadiums?	That's crazy! Although I went to college at Florida, so I'm actually pretty familiar with huge stadiums. Did you know that the highest scoring football game was a college matchup when Georgia Tech beat Cumberland 222-0 in 1916?
DSTC10TOPICAL-004147	Wow cool. Did you know that superbowl is very small compared to soccer events?	Wow, I guess since so many people around the works like the sport	Yeah true. Did you know Greenland cannot join FIFA?	Really, why is that?
DSTC10TOPICAL-004148	Yeah. Did you know women can play in the NFL?	Yea there is no rule against that as long as they qualify	Yes. The game average is only 11 minutes of play anyways	Yeah. Engineers make more than football players over their lifetime
DSTC10TOPICAL-004149	Isn't that crazy? Almost as crazy as the thought that it is impossible to separate two phonebooks whose pages have overlapped.	Yeah or that the cables carrying phone and internet data are under water lying on the oceans floor.	Are you a Simpsons fan? There is only one episode where Bart is not present, or even mentioned.	That's strange and i did watch the simpsons for a long time. I think woman should have there own league like the wnba.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004150	Yeah, I think I saw him play the piano in several films some of them had Jazz songs.	Clint is great! He is not much of a singer though. On a related note, Im astonished that Pakistan has a jazz orchestra. I did not imagine jazz as popular in that part of the world.	Pakistan has an orchestra? that is an interesting fact indeed, do you know why trumpeters grew goatees?	Jazz trumpeters grew goatees because they provide comfort when playing. I guess clarinet players don't need it. Then again Steven Spielberg played the clarinet in the jaws soundtrack and he has facial hair.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004151	No, I've never heard anything like that. I did hear, though, that there's a website where you can listen to thousands of episodes of classic radio dramas for free although I never had the pleasure of doing so.	Interesting, I'm not a huge fan of classic radio dramas.	Me neither but I like to investigate old school. Old school is interesting. As a matter of old school, did you know that the circular huddle in football was created by Paul D. Hubbard, a deaf QB, so the other	Interesting, well, nice chatting with you!
DSTC10TOPICAL-004152	For almost each trip I make when I don't know where it is, especially on out of town trips	same, i use it a lot when i'm going to familiar places too in order to see if there is traffic on the road or an accident	Whenever Google goes down even for one second, there is usually a big uproar by users	i can't say i've ever witness it going down, have you?
DSTC10TOPICAL-004153	yeah! it was founded back in 1923 and it is definitely approaching 100 years. That seems really insane to me	It definitely has established itself as a leader in the animation industry. Everyone knows who they are and has seen a Disney movie!	Yes I agree! What is your favorite Disney movie by the way? I really like The Little Mermaid and Beauty and the Beast	Those are probably my favorites too! I have not watched much of the Disney Channel, so I cannot weigh in on that, but the movies are usually a good bet when selecting something to watch. Imagine that all pf this would not have happened if it were not for the firing of Walt Disney from the local newspaper for not being creative enough... He showed them!
DSTC10TOPICAL-004154	No! What teams did that?	Georgia Tech versus Cumberland.	That sounds like two college teams. That couldn't have been any time recently right?	No way, that was way back in 1916. I don't think they wore helmets then either. LOL
DSTC10TOPICAL-004155	No I didn't know that! Doesn't seem like that makes any sense to me haha. Did you know that our rules for elections changed in 1805?	I agree. No I did not. How did they change?	Originally the runner-up would become vice president. So in our last election we would had vice president Hillary Clinton and president Trump. Talk about a lot of drama haha	Wow! That would have been crazy. We are much too partisan for that now. Maybe it would force us to work together more. Off topic but do you watch a lot of TV?
DSTC10TOPICAL-004156	That is crazy! You could buy an xbox for a whole lot less! Did you know that South Korea has laws on how late at night kids can play video games?	no! How late? do you know?	I do. They can't play past midnight.	Wow! Do you know what happens if they play after midnight? Are they like Gremlins?
DSTC10TOPICAL-004157	It is very helpful to view football though.	Yes. A simple thing can make a huge difference.	Yes, most of the best inventions are very simple. Do you like the Patriots?	Yes! Go Pats! I've never been to Gillette Stadium, but I've seen many games on TV.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004158	Power to the animals! Germany also protects them as they were the first country to universally give animals constitutional rights!	That's hilarious! There's a jellyfish that can live forever.	Wow. blessing and a curse I suppose. I hate getting the hiccups but apparently its from early evolution of having both gills and lungs.	I agree. That's funny, I didn't know that about hiccups.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004159	I have read some. Mostly online. I was never a Marvel fan until the movies came out though. Unless it was someone big like Spiderman. It amazing how release times of movies can affect each other.	Spiderman is very popular. The rights cost Sony $10 mill	They seem like a company who should make that much. They created a superhero for a 4 year old boy, just so he would be more comfortable about his hearing aids.	Isn't that a great thing to do. I love that.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004160	Hi, how are you? Are you ready for a fine chat today?	For sure. Do you watch the NFL at all?	The NFL? The National Football League? Yes, I've heard of it. Is it any good?	Well it is good and a very big deal in the US now. Even women can play if they qualfy
DSTC10TOPICAL-004161	Yeah I agree with you on that. Do you know what the average actual time of gameplay is for an average NFL game?	Something like 10 minutes, right? I think I heard that when they were talking about the chips in the shoulder pads of the players.	Yeah it's only 11 minutes of actual gameplay, the rest is spent calling plays and moving chains and stuff. Yeah I have heard about that too, very interesting.	That is so bizarre, and the time doesn't add up, not if there is 15 minutes per quarter. Or is that only highschool?
DSTC10TOPICAL-004162	I don't know. I think their hands are a bit tied because there are not many options for Quarterback on the team.	I was hoping that the Giants would put him to play instead of Eli	I think they will. Eli is already 37 years old.	The Giants have done so poorly this year. It is such a surprise!
DSTC10TOPICAL-004163	It was really good. A different type of marvel movie which was great	I like the comedy ones. i am not really into explosions and fight scenes. they get old.	That is a good point, seeing it once was good enough to like. It was so nice chatting with you!	Yeah, i enjoyed chatting! Have a good day!
DSTC10TOPICAL-004164	That is a lot. Did you know there is a town , where the Mayor is a cat?	I think that is in Alaska, right?	Yes, the town is Talkeetna, and the cat has been major since 1997	Wow, I wonder if he has to make a lot of executive decisions?
DSTC10TOPICAL-004165	What kind of book is it?	I suppose it depends on who you ask. I believe that he believes it's spiritual but a critic called it cult like and creepy.	What do you think though?	I have not read it so I truly can't make that judgement. Off topic, did you know that ESPN won an Emmy for creating the yellow line that represents the first down?
DSTC10TOPICAL-004166	That was a good game. They started out as a playing card company. I didn't know they owned the Mariners.	No I didn't know that either. I also didn't know that they made a handheld system just for the game Pokemon back in 2001, I wonder what system that was	I never heard of that either. I wonder if it was only for the Japanese market? At the Mariners games, you can install an app for the 3DS to order food.	That's really good at makes me hungry! and yes like you said, Nintendo is over 100 years old but they started making playing cards originally, they did not start with making video games
DSTC10TOPICAL-004167	Hahaha I wonder. Do you know what the highest score in football is?	Yeah, that would be the Georgia Tech crushing of Cumberland, 222-0. Ouch!	I know I wonder how they felt after that	Probably like the 1960s era to paid football palayers felt when they learned that they made half what the bowlers made. Ouch!
DSTC10TOPICAL-004168	Yes, I do! I just hope it is not hosted by Jimmy Kimmel again. Do you plan on watching?	yes if i can remember the day. will you have a viewing party?	Usually just watch it by myself. What does a viewing party consist of exactly?	having people to watch and having lots of food usuallly a theme to the movies.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004169	It's amazing how much technology is used in the NFL these days	Yes, I was reading about the chips that they're using in shoulder pads. I hope the data they gather that way will be used to prevent injuries.	And it's interesting how ESPN won an Emmy for that yellow line they created.	Yes, just a yellow line! I wonder if an Emmy has ever been awarded for something so simple.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004170	Do you watch the rest of the NFL? I do even though there is 11 minutes of actual action in a 3 hour broadcast.	I do, games tend to be really long and Im not convinced by that fact, games seem to last a lot longer, gameplay and all, I wonder if its actually true	Well the NFL tracks everything. They even have chips in shoulder pads and footballs for tracking so I am pretty sure they are accurate.	I think its great that tech is being integrated into the game, cool stats indeed they should make devices to control the brain damage injuries
DSTC10TOPICAL-004171	Yeah he is definitely very smart. I guess there is also a theory where there is just one electron in the whole universe as well.	hmm that is strange I haven't heard that, kim jong un has a degree in physics so maybe he knows haha	Holy cow, I didn't know that about him, very interesting.	I wonder what university he got it, and he's the supreme leader so did they just let him pass? haha
DSTC10TOPICAL-004172	Are you a fan of Tom Cruise?	I do like some of his movies.	Did you know Seinfeld is worth more than Tom Cruise and Tom Hanks combined?	I can believe that. I first remember Cruise when I saw his movie Risky Business back in 1983.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004173	Yeah I hope we get to see them in the field at some point	Yeah me too. THe gameplay is only 11 minutes anyways	Yes and yet we are glued to the tv for hours on end	I know, so ironic Engineers apparently make more than football players over the lifetime
DSTC10TOPICAL-004174	That's interesting! Will you be watching the Superbowl? I heard it's coming up	I hope the Eagles make it again. Hopefully they don't have to set up a court though	Ha. I don't usually watch football but will probably watch the Superbowl. The suspense is exciting.	The commercials are usually fun, and who doesn't like good food and friends? If you visit Iowa check out the pink visiting teams locker room at University of Iowa haha
DSTC10TOPICAL-004175	I do not really, are they good? Maybe I should check them out	Well there is a free website of them if you would like to check it out	Yeah that is nice. Did you know that there is a radio station that turns solar energy into tunes	That is so cool. In WWII soldier made foxhole radio using pencils and razorblades
DSTC10TOPICAL-004176	That seems unfair. A lot about football seems unfair. For example, New Orleans Saints cheerleaders can't eat in the same restaurant as any NFL player. If they are already dining at a restaurant and an NFL player comes in after,	That is so wrong and sexist, I cannot believe they still have that rule. Did you know ESPN won an Emmy once?	I believe it. ESPN has been around for a long time. They should have won at least once.	Yeah they have and they won it for the superimposed yellow line
DSTC10TOPICAL-004177	I bet they are regretting this choice and someone definetely got fired lol, It sure cost them billions.	The franchise itself is worth $65 billion.	I like that Star Wars explored the universe, although many things of the movie are fiction it made me wonder as a kid, you know that there are stars that are cold enough that can be touched with bare hands	Thats crazy to think considering all the energy our own sun puts out
DSTC10TOPICAL-004178	That is interesting, it goes to show just how big the NFL has gotten since then.	I think engineers make more, as well.	Over the average career they do, I think it takes in account how long their careers are compared to pro sports players.	You do have a point. I have to get my kids, thanks for chatting with me. Have a great day.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004179	Good morning! Yes, I am. What about you?	I watch mostly college, but I tend to watch most during playoff time.	That's cool, I like NFL football.	Did you catch the superbowl this year? Pretty soon Brady is going to run out of fingers to put those rings on!
DSTC10TOPICAL-004180	Yeah I recently just found that out. Would you say you're pretty religious?	You would think since there's only 11 minutes of live NFL gameplay, we'd at least have a female kicker by now, right? But I do like to read the Bible from time to time. What about you?	Right, I can't believe it's so short considering a game is like 3 hours long when watching it. I am not too religious but I do read the Bible from time to time	It's crazy to think over 5 billion copies of the Bible have been sold! No wonder it's considered the best selling and most influential book of all time!
DSTC10TOPICAL-004181	I didn't know that. What did they win it for?	It was pretty strange but they got it for inventing the superimposed yellow line	Interesting! RB Former RB Benjarvus Green-Ellis never fumbled during his NFL career. That's pretty incredible.	That sure is. What a talent. Did you know women can play too?
DSTC10TOPICAL-004182	Right!! Are you interested in football history? I'm looking forward to the Super Bowl coming up. The original first NFL playoff game was way back in 1932.	That is wild, to be honest I kind of thought that playoff games happened earlier than that, I do know that the highest scoring football game was 222-0 although I don't remember what teams were playing	Wow. That must have been some boring game! The game today is so technologically involved. They even use tracking chips to monitor the ball speed, etc. and the players moves.	That is crazy, also wild to me is the circular huddle was developed by a deaf quarterback so that other teams couldn't read his hands signing
DSTC10TOPICAL-004183	Matt Patricia is a male lol, he is a rocket scientist and also a coach in the NFL	Wow, I feel a little embarrassed for not knowing that, first chance I get I will read upon him.	Patricia its a girls name so don't worry its an honest mistake, he must be a really smart guy though being a rocket scientist and all	I thought it was a woman at first, did you know that only 11 minutes of live playtime in a nfl game?
DSTC10TOPICAL-004184	New orleans saints cheerleaders are forbidden from eating in the same restaurant as any nfl player and if they are already dining at a restaurant and an nfl player comes in after, the cheerleaders are required to leave. Isn't this	Yeah, that's pretty crazy. The average lifetime earnings of an engineer is higher than the average lifetime earnings of an nfl player and an average mlb player.	Now that's suprising. I wonder how much would that be	I'm not sure. I think it's because NFL players do not play past their 30s normally
DSTC10TOPICAL-004185	Hi there, do you watch the NFL games?	The NFL? The National Football League? I've heard of it. Is that still around?	Yeah of course it is a big deal nowadays. Much bigger than in the 60 when Bowling was a bigger sport	Bowling was a big sport because people did it so much. On the weekends they would bowl for social purposes. Many people found spouses and lost children that way.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004186	Same here. The highest scoring game ever was 222-0! That must have been something to watch!	Either the winning team was just that good or the losing team was just that bad	Or both! Did you know in the NFL they only play for around 11 minutes per game?	Ya. That sure is a lot of action in so little time
DSTC10TOPICAL-004187	Well he is doing what it takes to stay at the top of his game at age 40	coupled with avocado ice cream as well.	Did you know that the visiting football teams is completely painted pink ?	wow. I wonder why ? I did not know that ESPN created the superimposed yellow line representing the first down line
DSTC10TOPICAL-004188	A Mars colonization project planned for 2023 will be funded by creating a reality TV show.	What the heck, I wonder who will sign up for that show?	HAHA no idea!	Did you know a satellite was lost on mars because a company used the imperial system while nasa used the metric?
DSTC10TOPICAL-004189	Me too. Hopefully nothing wrong with Lebron	im not a lebron fan !!! im hoping something is a little wrong with him haha	whatever. Btw, do you watch football games this season	no havent watched any, did you know Soccer makes more money than football, basketball, baseball, golf, tennis and hockey combined. ?
DSTC10TOPICAL-004190	Google employees that need help could improve their knowledge by reading it.	Did you know robots can be controlled by using rat brains?	I heard that it's personality is changed depending on the brain they used.	Yes,  very interesting!
DSTC10TOPICAL-004191	Yes they do. I wonder how big they are.	Me too! Interesting that they live underwater too	seems like you can't escape bugs anywhere from the ocean to the sky	Definitely! Makes sense if over 90% of animals on Earth are insects.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004192	He really does, he was drafted as a number one pick in 2005 too.	Do you go to football games? I've been to one once in my life at Indiana University.	Ive been to quite a few at Florida State, but no pro games. There is only 11 minutes of live action anyway	I think that is what puts me off, I really don't have time to sit in front of the TV for three hours, and then for only 11 minutes of play.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004193	That's great. Did you know that espn won an award.	Yes! It is so interesting to learn the history behind things such as the symbols representing first down lines in American football games.	I haven't heard about those. I do know they are going to add tracking chips in the padding of the players.	Yeah, that is a good idea to make oversight of the game and making calls more accurate.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004194	I honestly can say I do not remember a science fiction film winning an Oscar for best picture. It usually ends up be some dramatic movie or something. Its possible they may have won before my time, but I don't	Yeah, what's you're favorite sci-fi film?	Off the top of my head I can't think of one. I love movies dealing with aliens and such though. I also enjoy when the sci fi has a little bit of a fear element to it. What is your	I like the fear element too. Normally, I'm not too much into the alien/outer space movies, but I've been huge into the Marvel movies lately. I can't get enough of them.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004195	I am not positive, but I think the original 1977.	Yea that one is my favorite. It's crazy the entire Star Wars franchise is worth 65 billion	Wow yes, I remember it was one of the most popular and high rated movie that brought in millions.	Marcia Lucas did a great job making changes to George's original scripts and made the movies better
DSTC10TOPICAL-004196	I hope so too. On another topic, do you know anything about the Bible?	I do actually. I know that is has sold over 5 billion copies now	That is a lot of books. I guess that is why is one of the most influential books in history	Right? It is pretty amazing. Jefferson created his own version of it
DSTC10TOPICAL-004197	Hello, How are you? Do you like football?	Football? Yes, it is a great game! The world loves the football!	Yes, especially the US, the NFL. were you meaning the soccer game?	The soccer? Yes, I was meaning the soccer. But there is the American one, the football, I mean. It has very little gameplay. An average NFL game only has 11 minutes of live gameplay.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004198	Do you watch the NFL?	A little, you? I can't watch like i use to years ago so im not current.	Which of the 32 teams is your favorite?	Well back in the day it was the Green Bay Packers. Not sure how they rank these days though. So it's the National Football league which consist of the afc and the nfc right?
DSTC10TOPICAL-004199	I guess? They say Shakespeare's works take on a different meaning when performed with an era appropriate accent instead of a modern one. I think I'd like to watch and listen to one.	I would too. I wonder if he could play piano?	He may have, he seemed very talented. Can you play piano?	Not at all, I liked to think I could as a child though. Can you?
DSTC10TOPICAL-004200	I can't even imagine what it must have felt like to lose that badly. I think the game should have been stopped.	Yea that is a pretty appalling performance by Cumberland, there hasn't been a worse performance in over a 100 years	That's an interesting fact. What do you think about the team that painted the opposing teams locker room pink?	I find it pretty funny the University of Iowa would go as far as painting the visiting locker room pink
DSTC10TOPICAL-004201	It is 222-0 and it dates back to 1916 when Georgia Tech beat Cumberland	Yeah what a game really. Did you know ESPN won an Emmy once?	Yeah they won it for the superimposed yellow line and I am happy about that .	Yes it has made game watching at home much easier for us for sure
DSTC10TOPICAL-004202	222-0. I dont even see how that is possible. That one team must have been really bad.	Perhaps a combination of the winning team being just that good and the losing team being so bad	Ive seen some blow outs, but never by that much.	Did you every play fantasy football?
DSTC10TOPICAL-004203	I would think for sure Trump would be the wealthiest! Maybe Trump could make some pop albums while in office like the president in Indonesia did! haha, that would bring in more money! Then he could have concerts too! haha,	Maybe he can make it to the top 3 if he sold a decent amount of albums lol, it would be crazy and it is sure fun to imagine.	Wouldn't it! I wonder if the president ever goes to any Football games or goes to concerts, or rather have them come to him lol....I love concerts and have been to many but not any lately.	I know the feeling, last time I went to a concert it was 2002, the band was Creed and I was totally disappointed.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004204	Yeah and won an award for it.	Do you like baseball? A married couple scheduled all the games up until 2005. In fact they scheduled 2430 games.	That is a lot of time dedicated to baseball lol I hope they got paid! It is nice when couples have a hobby that they are so passionate about though.	Sure is! If you like to watch football as a couple, then you really only need 11 minutes to watch live gameplay. But, you probably spend a few hours.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004205	They did not use a Bible at their swearing-in ceremonies. I think they swore on the Constitution.	It interesting how the work apple came about	That is an interesting coincidence. The word "malus" means both apple and evil. So Eve actually ate evil.	good point. Tom Brady is a true believer and a very spiritual person
DSTC10TOPICAL-004206	Wow. Do you like the nfl?	I sure do. Did you know Snoop Dog wrote a song for his son's team?	Cool. Did you know U of Iowa painted the visitor locker room pink?	I wonder if it is supposed to have some impact on the other team
DSTC10TOPICAL-004207	That is crazy, then why does it take 3 hours? Seems like it should move along faster.	They must be going from snap to whistle but that still seems way low.	I agree with that, it must be all the commercials	I played in HS and there is a lot of standing around waiting be people to do stuff like move the markers. Oh well, did you hear that the Tower of Babel may be real and located in Iraq?
DSTC10TOPICAL-004208	Ya, I would say that from my experience that means that 40% of the music on a canadian radio is probably not very good haha	Right!! Are you interested in football history? I'm looking forward to the Super Bowl coming up. The original first NFL playoff game was way back in 1932.	That is wild, to be honest I kind of thought that playoff games happened earlier than that, I do know that the highest scoring football game was 222-0 although I don't remember what teams were playing	Wow. That must have been some boring game! The game today is so technologically involved. They even use tracking chips to monitor the ball speed, etc. and the players moves.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004209	Oh for sure! Do you like science at all?	I do like science, I think that scientists make big contributions to society, they make human kind better and smarter.	Well said! Did you know the NFL has a coach who was a rocket scientist?	I didnt know that, do you happen to know his name?
DSTC10TOPICAL-004210	Yes I guess they also have longer careers to it adds up	True. Did you hear of that rule for Saints cheerleaders?	Yes they are not allowed to eat in the same place as the players	Yeah and worse, they have to leave mid meal if they walk in
DSTC10TOPICAL-004211	You never know I guess, time will tell. Did you hear about them using tracking chips on the players while in the field?	I knew they track he balls, but they track players too?	Yes it is in their shoulder pads and they are tracking stuff like velocity and rotation and such	Seems like a lot of expense for a game where the average playtime is only 11 minutes per game.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004212	Yes that was for the indian releases because they were afraid to insult them	Yeah. Do you like fiction work?	I do. Do you know who wrote the oldest example of a cyborg?	Yeah that was Edgar Allen Poe, what a guy
DSTC10TOPICAL-004213	Um, no, I don't. I don't know much about football. There are many teams in many places and many players with many faces.	Yeah that is true. Do you know how many teams are there?	There are probably 2 or 3 dozen that are good at football. Good enough to be professional.	Yeah there are about 32 teams right now
DSTC10TOPICAL-004214	Yeah I think I have read about that rule, seems a bit outdated to me.	Yea, there is no way anyone would support that or they would be fighting for their rights	Agreed, did you know that there is NO rule on female players?	say whatttttt? I wonder if women know that, there has to be one or two that are capable.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004215	I would imagine that the graphics were very different between the 3 different versions.	Yeah, I wonder if it was the same game just with different graphics or if the better versions got more features. That would've confused the heck outta me, having 3 versions of the same game.	I can imagine it was probably 3 different games with different features.	Yeah, the PS3 and PS4 versions were probably 'better'. It would be annoying to buy the game for a feature you wanted, only to find out you bought the wrong one.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004216	yes, i dont really know golf and swimming well but they look like interesting activities.	Same here. I've heard that students at Cornell have to pass a basic swimming test before they can graduate.	i wonder where that came from. maybe other colleges require the same sort of things, i dunno.	I am not sure but it does seem like a good idea. Interestingly enough, golf requires water as well as swimming. The average golf course in america uses around 312,000 gallons of water each day.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004217	yea that rule forbidding cheerleader from the same place as football players is outdated and sexist	I agree. Pretty funny that U of Iowa painted their visitor's locker room pink though	Yea, Iowa must be trying to psych out the visiting team with those pink locker rooms lol	So I dont know much about football, but the highest game score ever being 222 to zero seems ridiculous
DSTC10TOPICAL-004218	No I haven't. How much can stars make?	Some make more than 100,000 per weekend!	Wow, pretty cool. Seems like it would be good to break up the routine as well.	Yep. Though the movies can be time-consuming - the thief and the cobbler that took 31 years to make!
DSTC10TOPICAL-004219	That would be scary. When you turn 100 in Japan, the PM sends you a silver cup to celebrate.	Do a lot of people turn a 100 in Japan?	Apparently they do. They will need to start making cheaper silver cups lol.	Hahaha! Hey, check this out. In Bulgaria their monarch died at age 49 during ww2 so his 6 year old son became leader. For obvious reasons the people voted to end the monarchy soon after this and start a democracy. Flash forward 58 years and the now 64 year old previous ruler ran for prime minister and them people voted him in!
DSTC10TOPICAL-004220	I like to watch football, yeah, not my favorite sport but its nice	Yeah I watch it from time to time too. DO you like Tom Brady?	He is the QB for the Patriots right? I guess he is a great player, I watched the last Super bowl and he threw an amazing pass	Yeah he is. And now he is author too. he published a book called The TB12 Method
DSTC10TOPICAL-004221	it does i only know that the super bowl is in the first week of February.	They only rest one of the 17 weeks of the season.	Yes it's called a bye week. apparently the patriots fans have their own creed called in bill we trust.	That is impressive, also you had asked about Aaron Rodgers, he became the highest paid player
DSTC10TOPICAL-004222	I do sometimes. Did you know you can catch Jupiter's storms on am radio	Wow cool. Among the most popular radio acts in the 30s was a ventriloquist	Hmm interesting. Have you ever heard of foxhole radio and what they are?	I do not think I have heard of that, what is it? There is a radio station that turns solar energy into sounds
DSTC10TOPICAL-004223	Oh I think I would have too haha. Maybe back when it was painted people cared less about football, like in the 1960s when even bowlers made more money.	Yeah I think that Bowlers made like twice as much as football stars actually, what do you think about ESPN winning an Emmy though? They want it back or creating the yellow line that you see in football for first	Oh I didn't know that! I think that's nice though, they certainly deserve recognition for it. I know Benjarvus Green-Ellis never fumbled the ball, I wonder if he got an award for it too.	Yeah he should definitely get an award. I like the Patriots a lot though, so I'm glad that he plays for them LOL what's your favorite football team?
DSTC10TOPICAL-004224	That is probably because they want to raise awareness of breast cancer. A lot of football players get breast cancer.	Maybe, I do not know the reason behind it. Bowlers seems made more money in the 60s than the football players	Bowlers probably were the ideal athletes back in the day and got respect for it. They never painted the lanes or the ball pink. Little breast cancer awareness.	Yeah I guess, but even nowadays engineers over their lifetime make more money than football players
DSTC10TOPICAL-004225	i loved the movie. did you watch it?	No, but I guess I better watch the DVD. Is it time for woman's equality among the superheroes?	yeah. it was the highest grossing superhero origin movie?	Wow. Isn't it interesting that none of the superhero movies were every nominated for the best picture at the Oscars.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004226	Hello. Do you use Google much? A single Google search is so powerful!	I love Google, it is the #1 search engine, how about you	Yes I love it too. I mention that it was a powerful search engine. A single search requires more computing power than it took to send Neil Armstrong to the moon.	That is so crazy to think how far technology has come. I click enter in Google and I have more power than that!
DSTC10TOPICAL-004227	Oh my gosh, you are a wealth of knowledge. I love it	Bugs sure are interesting, to think they can be found in almost every environment!	I imagine that there is a vast amount of species of insects and bugs. I never would've realized that there are even bugs in the ocean.	Apparently there are, did you know that 90% of all animals on earth are actually insects, no wonder why my place is full with mosquitos.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004228	I did not know that! I wonder how many have tried out for the NFL.	I don't think any have tried. It would have been big news.	Yeah. I wonder if it will ever happen.	My son's modified grade 8 has a girl playing the offensive line. She was actually the smallest lineman, but played with great technique and was fearless, she was well respected.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004229	wow that is interesting. did you watch wonder woman?	I did, and it was a great movie! It's no wonder that it's the highest-grossing superhero movie	yeah and also the highest grossing WWI movie too	Gal Gadot, who plays Wonder Woman, didn't even know which role she was auditioning for. She thought it was for the role of Catwoman
DSTC10TOPICAL-004230	Yeah, kissing is kind of a weird concept though when you think about it. There is a contest where writers try to come up with the worst possible opening sentence to a novel. I wonder what it is.	Hmm, coming up with the worse opening line in a novel actually sounds quite challenging	Yeah, I'm betting some of them are pretty funny.	Well I have to go, nice chatting with you
DSTC10TOPICAL-004231	Hi there, do you watch the NFL?	Yes, I like to watch nfl games, do you like the games also?	Yes me too. Did you know the U of Iowa visitor locker room is pink?	Yes I read about it, I guess they are trying to make a statement to the visiting teams.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004232	ahhh, sorry ;) I thought we're talking about a game where players use their feet to kick the ball :)	That'	That's football :)	Both games are similar in that players use their feet to kick a ball. After the sack the Redskins punted the ball away.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004233	They really did here we are almost 50 years later and it is still going strong!	That's my childhood! It shocks me to see that the value of the Star Wars franchise is $65 billion!	And that makes it only the 5th highest grossing media franchise. I wonder what beat it?	Yeah, it makes you wonder? Well, it's been nice chatting with you this morning. I've got to head into work. Hope you enjoy the rest of your day.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004234	They have certainly grown pretty fast. I love YouTube!	i do too! i also like google maps. Do you use that a lot?	For almost each trip I make when I don't know where it is, especially on out of town trips	same, i use it a lot when i'm going to familiar places too in order to see if there is traffic on the road or an accident
DSTC10TOPICAL-004235	well they stuck to it it seems. Did you know U of Iowa painted the visitor locker room pink?	I think that has something to do with the breast cancer awareness movement or something.	I am not sure actually. I hope that is the reason. Did you know bowlers made more money than football players in the 60s?	Bowling is a sport of kings. Bowlers deserve more money for their elegance and charm.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004236	Did you know that New Orleans Saints cheerleaders cannot eat in the same restaurant as a Saints player? They have to leave the place if the player comes in.	I recently seen this somewhere, and thought was outrageous.	I think it is outrageous too because what if the cheerleader is with her family? Does that mean the cheerleader has to immediately stop eating and leave?	Yeah I believe so.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004237	I didn't, but that makes sense. I think they got an Emmy for it! Aren't the Emmy's for TV shows? That's so weird.	To them it is still a show I guess. In 1916 georgia tech won 222 to zero	What?! That's crazy. And since an average game is only 11 minutes in actual live gameplay, that's especially insane!	If I were cumberland, the losing team, I would have given up by the first quarter!
DSTC10TOPICAL-004238	No, especially high school football. I find really boring. You?	Yeah I follow the NFL just a bit, but only my local team I would say.	I have to agree with the parents who don't want their children to play because of health concerns	Yeah I wouldn't want my kids to play football. Did you see the movie Concussion?
DSTC10TOPICAL-004239	Women can play football? What does ESPN think of this? I suppose it doesn't effect their yellow line.	The game is really not that long, the average game is only 11 minutes of live gameplay	11 minutes is not that long a game, even for anyone to play!	over a lifetime engineers can make more money then an NFL player
DSTC10TOPICAL-004240	I agree. Do you know where the button down is?	Yes that is the collar tips fasten to the body of the shirt. ANd button down?	Button down is when they do not fasten to the shirt	Yes Do you know what the pallbeares wore at Billy May;s funeral?
DSTC10TOPICAL-004241	Yeah. DO you like the NFL?	I love it. Did you know women can play in the NFL too?	Yes as there is no rule that prevents them from playing	Yes as long as they meet the requirements
DSTC10TOPICAL-004242	Hi, I watch occasionally. Most big games like Super Bowl.	I didn't watch the Super Bowl this year. The Patriots won again, right?	Yes they did. The coach Belichick is the winningest coach in NFL postseason football with 21 wins. 20 of those with the Pats.	Yeah, and the only time the Browns have won since 95 was when he was their coach!
DSTC10TOPICAL-004243	Brady has to come crashing down eventually, with Belichick.	Yeah I would say that run is about over. It was a good one though. They dominated for a long time.	They were fun to watch before they were always expected to win	It just gets old hearing at the beginning of the season because they lost a couple game that they are done, and then they end up in the super bowl. Im just sick of it.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004244	That shows how quickly things can change. Most pro football players don't have long careers. I wonder how much they make compared to other professions over their lifetime.	Well, I also read that average lifetime earnings of an engineer is higher than the average lifetime earnings of an average NFL player.	That's pretty interesting. Do you read the bible much or are you not religious?	I try to read a little every night before bed. A habit my grandma taught me when I was a kid. Do you?
DSTC10TOPICAL-004245	Yea I am more of a dog person. Haha yeah I would agree with you. All they do is sleep. At the age of 15 , a cat will have spent 10 of those years sleeping. So boring! !	How do cats always have good things happen to them though? I mean the stray cat found on set that was then in the Godfather is probably living the good life.	Yes I bet he is. Must be that whole 9 lives business. They can just relive until they get good fortune. Also quite surprising there are 70 cat breeds, seems like a lot to me.	Yes and how does a cat become mayor and actually do anything for the town of Talkeetna?
DSTC10TOPICAL-004246	From personal experience, I can confirm that football is religion in the south.	You having southern experience, did you know the New Orleans cheerleaders are forbidden from eating at a restaurant that a player is in? That's crazy, almost as crazy as the Rams robbing the Saints from being in the Super Bowl.	Yes, and if the cheerleaders are eating and the players come in the restaurant, the cheerleaders have to leave.	They are saying that an engineer has higher earnings over a lifetime of an NFL player, but I find that really hard to believe . The league minimum in 2019 is 495k.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004247	Well, that is awesome, I guess he did get what he wanted.	I guess? They say Shakespeare's works take on a different meaning when performed with an era appropriate accent instead of a modern one. I think I'd like to watch and listen to one.	I would too. I wonder if he could play piano?	He may have, he seemed very talented. Can you play piano?
DSTC10TOPICAL-004248	Yeah I know but they got it after all. Do you know who Benjarvus Green-Ellis is?	Never heard of him. Is he famous? What does he do?	yeah he is a former QB who never fumbled the ball in his career	Wow. Impressive. Never? I guess every defense must have been coming after him. I hope he got a raise or a bonus or something.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004249	Oh wow, I guess they had a lot of money back then. did you know the guest house is larger than the white house?	haha I didn't know that seems odd, also odd is the president of Zimbabwe's name is President Banana haha	yeah I wonder if that means something else in their language though	ya I don't know haha, I think President Banana shoudl release a pop album though like the pres. of indonesia did haha
DSTC10TOPICAL-004250	Oh interesting. House is awesome because of Hugh Laurie. Makes sense he makes 700,000 per episode.	that was so much money per episode. He made the show awesome for sure!	Yes no doubt about that. He is the highest paid actor for any tv drama!	That is awesome, definitely worth the money! Do you have a favorite quarterback?
DSTC10TOPICAL-004251	I might look it up and tune in after this chat haha. How do you feel the president of the united states is doing?	I am surprised that he is not in the top 3 wealthiest presidents.	After inflation, I am surprised as well. He comes from a business background, so I was expecting him to be able to make much better decisions. It just goes to show you that politics are a much different beast than	I live in the US. Have you heard about the name of the first president of zimbabwe?
DSTC10TOPICAL-004252	Yeah pretty neat. THe game only has 11 minutes of active play after all	Yeah that is short and we are glued to the tv for so long watching the game	Exactly. Did you know engineers make more than them over their lifetime?	I am not surprised as they have longer careers so more time to make money
DSTC10TOPICAL-004253	I have not. cold stars? i thought stars were hot.	I did too. But apparently there are stars in the known universe that are cold enough to be touched by the human hand.	i guess that could be interesting. i would rather mars. or the moon.	I would love to touch a star!
DSTC10TOPICAL-004254	I don't think I've seen any of those.	ok cool.	Have you watched any of them?	Yeah almost all of them.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004255	I don't know what year it was, just that they were the first team to win back to back World Series and they haven't won since.	The World Series is popular in the US, but not around the world. In fact, the women's world cup gets a bigger TV audience. Maybe if they allowed women in the MLB, things would change.	Yes, who knows!	I think it's funny that the Red Sox have lost every game on Ben Affleck's birthday since 1997.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004256	I liked to play with my dad when I was younger, but don't keep much up with it now. I like football and other sports more. How about you?	I played more when I was younger and had more free time. I'm a bigger football fan. Did you know that the University of Iowa had their visitors locker room painted pink? Must have been to mess with opponents minds.	Yeah, but seems a little sexist, frankly. It's a pretty sexist industry of a whole, despite technically allowing women to play.	True. I agree. Did you know that in the 1960's top bowlers made twice as much as the top football stars of the day? I bet that number is reversed now.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004257	Hi, how are you?	I'm doing good, how about yourself?	I am well, thanks! Do you watch the olympics?	I do! Did you hear that Julia Mancuso retired? She was such a great skier!
DSTC10TOPICAL-004258	At my age, I prefer to play baseball, but prefer to watch football. You?	I don't play either anymore haha although I'm not that old. I like to watch football a little bit more but they run during different seasons so I can watch both.	You know, back in the 1960s, bowlers would make more money than football players. Now that is a sport I cannot understand why people would watch rather than play.	Haha it's randomly on ESPN every now and then. I wouldn't be surprised if the top bowlers still make more than some NFL players.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004259	Hello, do you like the movie Batman?	I sure do. Do you know what is was originally based on?	I do not know what , what? There were also plans to build a gotham city theme park	Cool, the idea was based on Da Vinci's flying machine
DSTC10TOPICAL-004260	Hello, do you like Walt Disney?	I like Disney! How about you!	I do as well. Did you know Minnie Mouse's name is short for Minerva Mouse?	I never knew that! The Disney channel only runs commericals that are for it's own shows and Disney products!
DSTC10TOPICAL-004261	I sure do. How about yourself?	Me too. Did you know women can play in the NFL too?	Did not know there, are there limitations though?	Nope as long as you qualify, you are allowed to play
DSTC10TOPICAL-004262	I have never heard of that and I don't think I'll want to visit any time soon. I do want to watch a live football game some time though, have you ever been to one?	ya it was a long time ago, I personally only like games on tv, much cheaper and easier to see, I'm glad espn invented the yellow first down line on tv haha	Yeah and they even won an emmy or some type of award for it, I wonder what category that invention for that award falls under.	ya I wonder too, I know there are different types of emmy's, would you ever want to be a cheerleader for football games? My friend was one in college
DSTC10TOPICAL-004263	Yeah I guess. Good for them for playing till the end. ESPN won an award once, an Emmy, do you know what for? It is related to football?	I heard about this, they won the emmy for creating the virtual yellow line on the field, right? !	Yeah that was it. Apparently bowlers made more money than football players back in the 60s	that is crazy, I bet NFL makes more money now by a long shot, it was nice chatting with you!
DSTC10TOPICAL-004264	I am really not that into football but I do follow it some. I heard something funny one time. That the university of iowa's visiting locker room is painted completely pink	Yeah I wonder what the reasoning behind that was. Did you know women can play too?	Wow I didn't know that. I saw that an average nfl game has only 11 minutes of actual play time	Yeah that is pretty short, crazy. Do you know what the highest score in a game was?
DSTC10TOPICAL-004265	We always watch the Superbowl, will have a couple people over but nothing big. I am rooting for the Patriots though!	haha me too, do you like Michael Caine? I guess he only got into acting to chase cute girls haha	Haha, that's funny! He made the right choice to get into drama! I like Jim Carrey in Drama films but he won't do drama anymore. Love his comedy too though.	ya he did, I should have followed in his footsteps, and I guess Jon Hamm taught the girl from the office, Erin, when he was a teacher, definitely didn't know that
DSTC10TOPICAL-004266	Cool. Brady was a backup QB in high school and was never started	wow they wasted a good chance to win some games there	Yeah. Do you know Alex Smith completed college in two years?	Wow that is super fast, how did he manage that?
DSTC10TOPICAL-004267	Maybe he can sell it for a profit later on, and use his celebrity status to up the price. Are you a fan of the Star Wars films?	yeah that is possible. that will still not be enough to lift the ban that the city of paris put on him	Paris banned Tom Cruise? Why?	not sure, he must have done something. well they put a ban on declaring him a honorary citizen
DSTC10TOPICAL-004268	Somewhat, I know he's a rapper and was in Degrassi	Nice. He graduated high school at the age of 25 in 2012. He must have quit and went back?	I guess so, most people graduate college before 25, not high school like Drake	hahahaha  His debut studio album Thank Me Later was released in 2010 and debuted at number 1.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004269	Yeah, all the miracles and resurrection. Up until 1963 the Bible was a required read in elementary education	Not surprising. I'm glad they took that out though. I don't think religion should be forced on kids.	Me too, it is a choice. The Biblical tower of Babel seem to be based on a real building that exists today	Huh. I didn't know that. So you mean there is an actual tower of babel or is it some other building?
DSTC10TOPICAL-004270	I see. do you know that the highest score ever in a football game occurred in 1916, and the score was 222-0	Yes, I had heard that before! I wonder how much money football players made in that time. I heard that in the 1960s it was only half as much as popular bowlers of the time.	Yeah, that fact surprised me a lot.	I was also surprised to learn that ESPN won an Emmy for creating that yellow first down line graphic on television. I never realize that sports media could also win those Hollywood awards!
DSTC10TOPICAL-004271	What do you think about the dodo bird? I'm kind of sad that it is extinct but at least it is related to pigeons	I would love to of seen a real dodo, they look much cooler than pigeons	Yep I agree. It's crazy to me that bird bones are actually Hollow and weigh less than their feathers	Yea that is pretty amazing, so are the birds who migrate straight to mexico from Alaska without sleeping
DSTC10TOPICAL-004272	Yes, and that James Cameron decided to quit his truck driving job to enter the film industry after watching Star Wars?	Talk about a good career move that would pay off down the road! Marcia Lucas was the reason for some major changes to the original movie and won an academy award for editing the film.	Another fun fact that I learned is that there's a toy Hans Solo in every Firefly episode. I loved Firefly too!	I never knew that. I'm going to have to go watch and look for it.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004273	Yeah, that is pretty crazy. Did you know an iphone has more computing power than the entire US Nuclear ICBM deterrent.	Isn't that crazy? I didn't know that. Unicef will donate a day of clean water to a child in need for every minute you don't use your cell phone. Sign me up. lol	Interesting. Did you know that Jupiter has radio storms that can be heard on AM radio here?	I think that's really cool.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004274	That's a ton of animals! There is a lawyer in Switzerland who represents animals in court.	Power to the animals! Germany also protects them as they were the first country to universally give animals constitutional rights!	That's hilarious! There's a jellyfish that can live forever.	Wow. blessing and a curse I suppose. I hate getting the hiccups but apparently its from early evolution of having both gills and lungs.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004275	Wow he must have really liked comedy then and I guess he did pretty well so no regrets there	Exactly. Have you heard of bromantic comedies?	Hmm I am not sure what those are, are they a special kind of comedy?	Yes they are comedies where there are romances between friends like the Hangover
DSTC10TOPICAL-004276	Wow that is amazing. Do you know who Brian May is?	Yes the lead guitarist of the Queen who is also a genius scientist	He sure is, with a degree in astrophysics and a PhD at that, that is impressive	It sure is. Do you know who Matthew Bellamy from Muse is?
DSTC10TOPICAL-004277	Hello. Are you a fan of jazz?	I like to listen to it live	Neat! Jazz originated in New Orleans.	How about you? Do you listen to jazz?
DSTC10TOPICAL-004278	Yeah seems like a really long time, 17 weeks, do you have a favorite team? mine is in the AFC division or American Football Conference	Nice I do not have a favorite team I just watch the games. DO you know who Benjarvus Green-Ellis is?	He used to play for the Patriots right? yeah I know who he is, why do you ask?	Yeah that guy. He is the only guy in the nfl to have never fumbled the ball
DSTC10TOPICAL-004279	I find it unlikely. What is his new book about?	its basically his strategy for how he became successful, I think its worth a read, can't believe hes 40 and is tied for the superbowl record	That is pretty amazing. Are you a fan of football?	ya I think football is ok, I like the big games but don't follow a team or anything, you?
DSTC10TOPICAL-004280	Im not sure, but in 2005 they could have bought Facebook. I think they would be more relevant if they had taken them up on the offer.	Oh, for sure.	Now almost everyone I know who is 13 years older (and a few who lie about it) are on Facebook.	Really. I know a few people who are on it for sharing family and personal stuff and then more who like me use it as platform for an interest, but that's it in my life. Nice chatting with you.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004281	I am, I like college and NFL. What about you?	I am. Did you know the highest score was 222-0?	Yeah, didn't Georgia Tech beat Cumberland that bad?	Yeah, that was the game. Crazy, right?
DSTC10TOPICAL-004282	Cheerleaders seem to distract players. It's best to avoid it	Don't you see this as a little sexist a rule that only the cheerleaders have to abide for ?	I think it's best not to have players distracted.	I have difficulties understand your point. But football was not as popular as today in the 60s, then bowlers made 2x as much as footballers.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004283	Well, I think it is radio storms that are so strong that they can be picked up and heard on the AM radio.	Interesting, have you heard them?	No, I've never heard anything like that. I did hear, though, that there's a website where you can listen to thousands of episodes of classic radio dramas for free although I never had the pleasure of doing so.	Interesting, I'm not a huge fan of classic radio dramas.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004284	I don't know, I probably would check it out, for the sake of the game. Not sure I would enjoy as much. I think its too rough for women. But should be allowed to play.	Yeah I don't know how that would go, but they should be allowed if they are good enough, I'm an engineer and I guess I make more in my lifetime than an average NFL player makes, cool!	lol, really. Oh yeah, the average lifetime earning is higher than the average NFL player!	yup good to know haha, do you like the Saints? I don't like how they treat their cheer leaders
DSTC10TOPICAL-004285	Yeah he was pretty amazing. Apparently bowlers made more than football players back in the 60s	They did? well football want a popular sport back then, at least not as popular as it is now so it does make sense, I dont see a bowler making more money than a pro football player now	Yeah things have really changed now. On another topic, do you know much about the Bible?	No not really, my grandmother used to be really religious but Im not, I have read some verses of the sacred book though
DSTC10TOPICAL-004286	I love watching football too. Did you know the NFL has no written rule against females playing?	I always wondered that! why arent there any players you think?	I'm not too sure on that one. The average NFL game only has 11 minutes of live gameplay.	did you know an average engineer will make more over his lifetime than an NFL player?
DSTC10TOPICAL-004287	Oh I definitely didn't watch that! Everyone knows Babe Ruth though and he was once America's most popular golfer!	Wow. Didn't know that. Antarctica has a disc golf course	Oh that would be a cold course! A golf course in Dubai requires 4 million gallons of water!	That is a lot of water. The US have more golf courses than the world combined
DSTC10TOPICAL-004288	I listen to FM usually and yes, mystery can do some amazing things	I know. IN the AM radio you can get Jupiter's storms	WOw nice. The most popular act on the radio in the 30s was the ventriloquist	WOw that is interesting for a radio. Do you listen to radio dramas?
DSTC10TOPICAL-004289	He has a nobel prize in literature.	Oh that is interesting since those are usually considered to be associated with peace.	yeah. I hear if you publish a book in Norway the government buys 1000 to donate to libraries.	That sounds pretty generous!
DSTC10TOPICAL-004290	Yeah for the superimposed yellow line, pretty cool	It is for sure. Do you know much about the Bible?	Not a ton but I know that it has sold over 5 billion copies Wow	Yeah it is one of the most influential books in history
DSTC10TOPICAL-004291	Do you like watching football?	I love watching it! How about you?	I love it also! Do you have a favorite college and NFL team?	I would have to say out of the 42 teams in the NFL the Steelers are my favorite.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004292	I am sure it would be, would likely throw everyone off. I wonder how many there have been in history.	I am not sure. I know there was one famous deaf quarterback - the huddle was invented for him so the other teams could not read his signs	It is truly amazing what people come up with that they intend to just help them that turn out to be iconic.	Yes. Other teams just do things to be goofy - like iowa painting the visiting team's locker room pink!
DSTC10TOPICAL-004293	I do. I am getting ready to watch the playoff games	for sure, who you rooting for? Saints?	Absolutely and the Patriots.	for sure, did you know the saints cheerleaders are forbidden from eating at restaurants containing nfl players? I am rooting for the patriots also
DSTC10TOPICAL-004294	Yes! Why on earth would that be a rule? Do you think its a superstition thing? Makes no sense.	It certainly does not. The worst part about it is that they have to leave mid meal if a player walks in. Weird	Yeah, that is odd to say the least. So, the NFL uses tracking chips on the players during the game?	Yeah they are using them to track velocity, rotation and such. I hope they can use that data to make the game less dangerous
DSTC10TOPICAL-004295	Him among some others like green ellis	Benjarvus is a legend, the guy never fumbled the ball in his career	Indeed	Do you know what the highest score in a game has been so far?
DSTC10TOPICAL-004296	I wonder if he likes jazz?	He might, jazz is a genre that has influence a lot of people so who knows, theres even a programming language that is influenced by jazz	It is seen as america's classical music. I love jazz.	I love it too, you know that jazz trumpeters actually grow goatees because of the comfort they bring!
DSTC10TOPICAL-004297	I do not know about the rules but it would be fair that they play too I guess. Did you hear about tracking chips on the players now?	I have heard. They are made probably by engineers that will make more money than the players who wear them will	Yeah, I would not be surprised. They track everything though from velocity to location and everything in between	I bet they do, do you ever watch ESPN?
DSTC10TOPICAL-004298	He was in the league a long time. At least he gave the game everything he had	I didnt' think he was all that of a QB but his teammates really took to him right away	He was a true professional.	I don't think Smith will be the same even if he does make it back to the field after his gruesome injury. Much like Griffin he might be a back up but thats all
DSTC10TOPICAL-004299	I'm not surprised. A lot of commercial. Just a lot. It's really annoying.	You are right about that. But I suppose women would be better off financially by entering the engineering field since engineers make more than the average lifetime earnings of both MLB and NFL players. Which is surprising to me!	I'm sure a lot of money go to TV, owners of teams, etc. Just not fair for players! Did you know that the highest score in a football game was 222-0. Can you believe?	That is insane and humiliating. Do you think Georgia Tech was mad because their lockerroom was pink like the visiting football team's locker room at the University of Iowa's are? Ha!
DSTC10TOPICAL-004300	Nice. The guy who played Jarvis in Iron Man has never seen the films	Cool. DO you know who is the waitress that Captain America saves in the Avengers movie?	I have no idea, is it someone we have seen elsewhere too?	Yes that was also gretchen in Recess
DSTC10TOPICAL-004301	So Thomas jefferson did not believe in miracles and the resurrection.	A lot of people don't. Maybe Brady should be given a copy of his bible.	Yes because the bible is the best selling book ever.	 Tom Brady's bible?
DSTC10TOPICAL-004302	Well in 1972 Deep Purple broke the world record for loudest concert ever. Apparently some of the audience was rendered unconscious.	I can't even imagine how scary that must have been!	I wonder if it is due to the fact that they blew their ears out?	Concerts are live so you never know what to expect!
DSTC10TOPICAL-004303	I'm doing well! Are you a fan of football?	Yes I love football. Do you have sirius radio?	I did for a little bit but not anymore? Do you?	Yes I did for a years but not anymore. Did you know there is no written rule about women being in the NFL.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004304	I love it. DO you know what color is the U of Iowa visitor locker room?	Yes it is pink but I wonder why that is	Me too. Bowlers made more than football players in the 60s	Yes but to be fair, it was a more popular sport back in the day
DSTC10TOPICAL-004305	Cool. They definitely have done so many things that I hadn't realized either. I didn't realize they had tried several small niche businesses as well.	It is only the third most profitable company in Japan too. I wonder what the first two are.	Wow! I'd like to know as well considering Nintendo has such a large cash reserve that it could lose so much money and not bankrupt for a long while.	Yeah, they are valued at over $85 Billion.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004306	The guy is the man. Can you guess his favorite ice cream kind?	I think it is avocado is it not? I mean it makes sense	It sure does , the guy is very health conscious and watches what he eats	True story. Did you hear about his book?
DSTC10TOPICAL-004307	that is a good point, lol. Did you hear about the tracking chips they use in shoulder pads?	Something along those lines, it tracks there speed or something?	Yea it tracks all their movement and other data. pretty interesting! They must have been created by engineers making the big bucks	Funny you say that the average engineer has higher lifetimes earnings than an NFL player!
DSTC10TOPICAL-004308	Do you like football?	I like the NFL, but I think 16 games is not enough to build rivalries.	Yes, i completely agree! What do you think would be a good number of games for an NFL team to play in a season?	I don't know, there are 32 teams, so a least 32 games so they have played against each other at least once before the playoffs.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004309	I see, well I don't know much about soccer but I am interested in odd facts about sports. Did you know there is a college football team that has painted their visiting teams locker pink?	I would guess that has something to do with breast cancer awareness. I know that many football players suffer from breast cancer in the later years.	I never thought of it that way, that's an interesting perspective. Tell me why you like soccer.	It is a good game for women. I think women fight harder on the pitch than men do.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004310	I mean a man used the library to prove his innocence and become a lawyer while falsely imprisoned	How great is that! So important. The library of Alexandria had a unique way of gathering books by making all ships visiting surrender their books for copy .	They must have had a impressive collection	How unfair, they would copy their books give them back the copy and keep the originals.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004311	I know that the russians built a computer powered by water back in 1930s.	I wonder how that worked? They must have used the water to generate a power source. I didn't even know they had computers back then. lol	There were mechanical computers before that. computers are an old idea. someone built one in minecraft even!	I wonder how that worked? lol  The space shuttles general purpose computer ran on 1mb of ram. Crazy. It's been fun chatting!
DSTC10TOPICAL-004312	Hello! Did you know professional ballet dancers can go through 4 pairs of shoes in a week?	That is a lot of shoes and money too. There are 17 ways to tie your shoes too	And I only know one way! 5000 year old shoes perform better than modern shoes. Go figure.	Yeah exactly. Bill Nye is the guy that holds the patent to the pointe ballet shoes
DSTC10TOPICAL-004313	I love superhero movies. I loved the batman trilogy. How about you?	I do! I watch them with my kids, they are in love with Batman haha	That is great! I like superman too, especially in films, did you like the new justice league movie?	I loved The Justice League! Stan Lee was so amazing! Still is.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004314	I know that it has sold over 5 billion copies. Amazing record there	Yes and that is exactly why it is known as one of the most influential books in the world	Yup. Did you know Jefferson created his own version of the Bible?	Yes, he went as far as to use a razor to cut out the supernatural parts off of it
DSTC10TOPICAL-004315	I agree. Bowlers probably don't make a whole lot these days.	No not these days, but I still think it would be pretty sweet to make a living throwing those balls around, lots of women too lol.	That would be pretty awesome. Gotta love the attention too. lol	Oh yeah, greasy hands, thin crust frozen pizza, and lots of high life beer.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004316	Yeah exactly. Have you ever been to that football stadium in Texas that can seat 18 000 people?	No I never been to Texas yet but that's pretty crazy	Yeah it is right? And it cost $60 million and on top of all , it is just a high school stadium	They do love football in Texas, too bad they don't care as much about education, an average engineer makes more in a lifetime than the average NFL player
DSTC10TOPICAL-004317	I read an article about it. I cannot imagine a football game without the yellow line.	yeah that definitely helps. I saw that former patriots RB Benjarvus Green-Ellis has never fumbled the football in his nfl career	Yes, isn't that amazing? I do not know any other football players who have never fumbled the football.	I didn't realize this but the NFL has no written rule against women playing as long as they meet the eligibility requirements
DSTC10TOPICAL-004318	Wow that's impressive! Also impressive is the one Patriots player who has never dropped the ball, I think his name is BenJarvus Green-Ellis	That's amazing. Also amazing is QB Brad Johnson who threw a TD to himself in a Superbowl.	Yes I want to watch that score! It sounds incredible what do you think about a deaf quarterback creating the circular huddle?	That is interesting. I wonder how he was able to play QB? Admirable... Do you enjoy watching dramas when you aren't watching football?
DSTC10TOPICAL-004319	Not everyone does though. Burger King had a promotions that you got a free whopper if you unfriend 10 people. I wonder what inspired that.	I think that Burger King was just looking for media attention which they got.	I imagine that Myspace regrets turning down and offer to buy Facebook for $75 million.	I don't even think Myspace exists anymore does it?
DSTC10TOPICAL-004320	Yes I do. I watched college and NFL football games.	Who is your favorite NFL team?	49ers since I used to live in the Bay area. I lived there for 30 years.	Oh nice! Can you believe there is only 11 minutes of live gameplay during the game?
DSTC10TOPICAL-004321	I guess not everyone makes it big. I hope a lady makes it big someday. It can be difficult with gender roles especially when on the NFL Saints team cheerleaders must leave a restaurant if another NFL player walks into	That's ridiculous! I see a lot of sports posts on facebook. I can't believe the site is 15 years old already!	If Myspace had been smart they would have bought facebook for $75 million that they were offered in 2005!	Seriously! It was worth $104 billion by 2012!
DSTC10TOPICAL-004322	Did you know that Disney owns ABC as well as ESPN?	I did. Do you watch football?	Yes I do, I am a contributor to the number one ranking for viewership of Sunday Night Football. Do you?	I watch it sometimes. I don't usually watch Thursday night football though.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004323	17 weeks if im not mistaken. then the playoffs	Yes you are right. Do you know the highest score ever in a football game?	Wow not sure i would imagine it's pretty high. Was it a college or professional game?	222-0. It happened in 1916 when Georgia tech defeated Cumberland.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004324	Hello, do you watch the NFL?	Hi! I do! I'm shocked that out of the whole 3 hours of game on tv only 11 minutes is actually live gameplay!	Yeah that is pretty crazy. DO you have a favorite player or team?	My favorite team is the Green Bay Packers! Do you have a favorite?
DSTC10TOPICAL-004325	I guess not. I do find it interesting that malus in latin means both apple and evil. That would makes things a little confusing in the bible.	Yeah I think so too. Did you know that people think that the Tower of Babel might actually still exist?	Yea, I guess it is the etemenanki in modern day Iraq.	Yeah, if that is the case I would like to visit such a historic place.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004326	My son is not into sport, were he I'd have serious reservations about him playing football for that reason. I know there the fame that can go with it but an engineer is going to make more money than most	Yeah, and they have better working conditions, less injuries, it is a quite violent sport.	I understand that there are no rules against women playing in the NFL, difficult to see it happening.	I think it is because they don't see the need for a rule, it is not for gender equality , yet there could be a female kicker eventually.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004327	Yeah that is pretty short, crazy. Do you know what the highest score in a game was?	no I am not sure. I read that the average lifetime earnings of an engineer is more than nfl player	Yeah I guess that makes sense since engineers work longer. The game score was 222-0	wow that is crazy. Did you know tht the nfl uses tracking devices in players shoulder pads to track their movements
DSTC10TOPICAL-004328	Hi. Do you like sports?	Hi, I do like football as in NFL football, although I am a fan of association football as well.	Me too. I like the NFL but I do also watch other leagues of football as well on occasion. Did you hear that Winston Churchill High is doing very well?	Is that high school football? Can't say I have watched that, at least not since I was in high school. Sometimes I watch Canadian football which is a little different then NFL.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004329	Hi, do you like literature?	Somewhat. I know that the FDA burned 6 tons of it in an act of censorship.	That's pretty crazy. I saw there is an annual literature contest that challenges writers to come up with the worst possible opening sentence to a novel.	I don't know if that would be tough or easy to do? lol
DSTC10TOPICAL-004330	I have read parts of it. I dont read it very often and I have never read it word for word.	I think that it is a very popular book. Many people have read it and tried to understand its secrets.	I dont know. I dont always take it really literally. I mainly use it as a good set of rules to live by to be a good person.	That is a good guide. There are many lessons buried deep within the scriptures that are hard to fathom. It is a good guide to look to one's conscience.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004331	Marcia Lucas did a great job making changes to George's original scripts and made the movies better	Yes you are right, I wasn't familiar with Marcia Lucas as I was with George Lucas.	I wonder how much money she made since George got to keep the licensing and merchandising rights of Star Wars	I can't imagine, I wonder why disney recycled a lot of their animation frames?
DSTC10TOPICAL-004332	it doesn't list his average, it just says he hasn't been in a single movie with a fresh rating	oh man, thats sad for him. I like his movies usually	i don't recall too many of his movies, i've seen a couple and they are alright. i did like him in that 70s show!	that show wasn't my cup of tea, but I enjoy him when hes on Shark Tank
DSTC10TOPICAL-004333	He's the guy that fumbled every ball he ever touched.	Yeah what a career for him. Did you know NFL is sing tracking chips on the players now?	The NFL is singing tracking chips? I did not know that.	Opp typo, they are using tracking chips to track velocity and rotation and such. I hope they can use those to make the game safer too.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004334	Yeah the really sexist rule? it sounds really unfair, that rule should be banned and the cheerleaders should sue the team for that	I think so too. The worst part in my opinion is the fact that they have to leave mid meal if players walk in	Thats a terrible rule, I hope they change it in the near future, its humiliating actually,	I hope so too. On another topic, do you know much about the Bible?
DSTC10TOPICAL-004335	Yeah, same here. Roosevelt and Quincy did not believe in it much either so they did not use it when they swore in	I don't think it should ever be used. How about you?	Yeah I agree, religion is a preference. Going back to football, did you know there are only 1 minutes of active game play in it?	No. I didn't realize that. It seems like it takes ages.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004336	No but I did see a video of Kayne giving his mic to a fan in a wheel chair before	That was pretty cool of him to do that. Sometimes he has some different views on things. Like for example he believes that aids is a man-made disease.	Maybe Big Sean can explain that to him since he had a 3.7 gpa before signing with Kayne	Nice GPA! Are you familiar with Drake?
DSTC10TOPICAL-004337	Yes, I do. And, I believe that the Bible is an intricate inspiration from God to us humans here on earth. How about you, do you believe it's really from God?	I do not know. I have not read the Bible. I know that the person that wrote it probably made money on it.	I'm not sure about that but everyone has the choice to believe whatever they want to believe. All I know is that it's estimated that it has sold over 5 billion copies and is the best-selling book every written.	That is many copies. I hope that the person who wrote it got some money. Often authors do not get paid well.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004338	I would love to hear that and the style they use! Do you think Abe Lincoln liked jazz?	I don't know, he did have a high pitch voice	So he would have liked other music, I never knew that. I know he was in the wrestling hall of fame, that is a good honor	Nice. Apparently Lincoln created the secret service the morning he was shot, I guess he should of created the day before
DSTC10TOPICAL-004339	Actually if you turn it to am you can catch Jupiter's storms	Those are some strong storms! Considering how many artists are from Canada, I wouldn't mind tuning into stations that have to play at least 40% Canadian music by law	Yes very true. do you know how soldiers used to make radios during WWII?	From what I remember, all it would take is a pencil and razorblade, though I'm not sure how it would make sound
DSTC10TOPICAL-004340	Do you like football?	I do. I played in HS and I'm a Chiefs fan... I actually like college better than the NFL.	Nice. I'm not too into football, I guess because each game has only on average 11 minutes of live gameplay.	I'm wondering about that... Seems short. I think it is true that the NFL has no rules against women playing.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004341	I know that has certainly changed. And even now though engineers make more money over their lifetime.	Georgia tech beat Cumberland 222-0 back in 1916. What color do you think their visiting locker was?	Well, maybe it was something worse than pink. That is a huge defeat, wow. Did you hear about that strange rule for the New Orleans cheerleaders?	Yes! Why on earth would that be a rule? Do you think its a superstition thing? Makes no sense.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004342	Yeah and they have to leave mid meal. That rule is sexist and has to go	Agreed on that. Do you know much about the Bible?	I know that is it one of the most influential books and has sold over 5 billion copies	Yeah exactly and it was part of the education system until late, like 1963
DSTC10TOPICAL-004343	Hi, how are you?	Good, and you? I haven't seen any superhero movies in a long time, but I think I saw a brief portion of Iron Man once on a TV that was going at my job.	Really! I feel like all the movies coming out now, like 25% are super hero movies. Do you not enjoy them?	I probably would, I just never think to watch them. I watched the first two or three installments of the Frank Miller Batman franchise.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004344	If you want a job that makes more in a lifetime than an average nfl player or mlb player you can become an engineer	I saw that, it is probably because there a bunch of players that last only a year or so. I'm not surprised, engineers make a lot of money.	If you were a bowler in the 1960's you could have made twice as much as top football stars too.	I know, it quite popular in the 1960s.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004345	That is pretty neat. I bet it is pretty diverse.	Yeah. They must have comics from all over the world	Probably a lot of older comics too. That would be neat to see the development of comics.	Yeah. I think Marvel started in the 1930s or so.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004346	Yes I agree. I would like to know more about that. Up until 1805 the runner up automatically became the vice president. Kind of makes sense but it would never work now!	NO it would not. The parties hate each other too much for that to ever work	I wish they didn't. Just so much more productive to work together. I wonder who has stayed in the presidents guest house? It is actually bigger than the White House.	I bet there are some wild parties there. Diplomats, celebrities, Presidental mistresses, athletes.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004347	He could have had some unusual moves. LOL	The ability to moon walk!	Or to lean way back or forward. LOL	Crazy. Good thing they avoided him though, because they went on to make movies like Thor, Avengers, and Black Panther.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004348	Oh that is interesting since those are usually considered to be associated with peace.	yeah. I hear if you publish a book in Norway the government buys 1000 to donate to libraries.	That sounds pretty generous!	i know right! This is funny, Dr. seuss's editor bet him $50 he couldnt write a book in 50 words or less... the editor lost the bet lol
DSTC10TOPICAL-004349	If you fly to mars under constant 1g acceleration it will only take 2 or 3 days. I thought it took a lot longer.	Me too! Movies make them seem longer, but they might be going much much slower for airtime lol.	That is true. Have you heard about the lost satellite on mars?	Didn't Lockheed Martin lose on somehow?
DSTC10TOPICAL-004350	Bye!	The president is the title given to the head of the government.	That's true I think it's called different things in different places though right?	Everyone in Finland has the right to an internet connection.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004351	I'm doing good too. Glad it's Friday. I watch both baseball and football. What about you?	Me too, but I guess in my childhood and college years I was watching much often. I didn't know that 14 of the world's 25 largest stadiums belong to American college football teams. Did you know that?	I did not know that. The University of Iowa's lock room for visiting teams is painted in all pink.	lol why? Do they believe it may bring any benefits to Iowa?
DSTC10TOPICAL-004352	Yes as long as they meet the league's eligibility requirements they can play! I would like to see a girl play.	They cannot eat in the same place as the players, at least the Saints cheerleaders.	That is a weird rule. How did they enforce the rules of the cheerleaders being required to leave?	Asked politely? I would be upset if I were a cheerleader! Like I would lose all of my inhibitions and just hook up with a player at the restaurant. That's a little demeaning...
DSTC10TOPICAL-004353	Who isn't?	I think some of the newer movies are redundant to be honest.	Really? Like which ones?	Some of the Marvel ones, like Ironman 2 or 3, they have started to get repetitive to me.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004354	Yeah and they have cancelled 100 shows since they came to be in 1989	I guess that is not a lot considering how long they have been around	That is true actually. Do you know the programming language Python?	I have heard of it, is that somehow related to comedy
DSTC10TOPICAL-004355	I mean I don't think kids should play past midnight but to make it a law is ridiculous	Yeah, that is pretty absurd. Did you know nintendo produced a lego knock off?	No, I did know they made playing cards though	Oh yeah, I remember that. It was founded as a card company in 1889.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004356	Nice, that's what I do. Did you know there is only 11 minutes of gameplay per game?	Wow, it seems like a lot more but it is a pretty slow game. That sounds like an awfully small amount of time. Kinda like it's hard to believe that an engineer makes more money in their lifetime than an	Yeah, for sure, they stand around a real lot.	Right? Did you know they use tracking chips in the players pads?
DSTC10TOPICAL-004357	Fans also felt though that in previous movies Hawkeye has not been given justice.	True, I heard that too. I can't say because I havent seen the movie. But I do enjoy the Marvel Comic films.	Yeah, I like the Marvel Comics series that they have on Netflix.	Yes! And I found it interesting that the marvel films are distributed by Walt Disney Pictures, but it makes sense!
DSTC10TOPICAL-004358	Hi. How are you?	I'm doing well how are you! ?	I am good too.	Are you a fan of superheroes?
DSTC10TOPICAL-004359	What? That is a strange fact. I guess she had a chance to do the voice work. She is a celebrity, after all.	Did you ever play tennis? serena has been playing since she was 13, which is about when I started playing, but she's obviously way better LOL	I assumed that she started sooner. She must have picked it up quick. I didn't real play. Anyway, great chat! Thanks!	Yep thank you too, keep in mind Serena Williams is the first player ever, male or female, to achieve the career golden slam which is incredible
DSTC10TOPICAL-004360	I have a passing knowledge of football and watch it occasionally as well	What teams do you like	I like the new England patriots. They are like the Lannisters of football	Lol yeah they are Tom Brady is one hell of a quarterback
DSTC10TOPICAL-004361	Hi! Yes, I really enjoy watching football, both collegiate and professional. Do you?	Yes, me too. I didn't know that the highest score in a football was 222-0 and it happened in 1916. Did you know that?	That's insane! Either the team was really good or the other team was really good. Or maybe they were on strike about their pay since it seems like they don't make a lot.	It could be. Georgia Tech defeated Cumberland.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004362	If I were on the losing side I think I would have given up playing. Maybe they could have turned to the bible.	Maybe. At least Cumberland probably didn't have a pink locker room like that of U. of Iowa. In 1916, they probably didn't have a locker room at all.	I don't think they went in for those silly games back then, probably more respectful to the other team.	Probably... Did you know the NFL had no written rule that women can't play?
DSTC10TOPICAL-004363	Hi there, do you watch the NFL?	Hi! Yes I do sometimes. What's your favorite team?	I think the Patriots, I like them best. One of their former QB never fumbled a ball in his career. How about you?	My husband is from the bay area so we root for the Oakland Raiders.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004364	Hello, are you by any chance a fan of the New England Patriots football team?	I know some about them. Mostly stuff about Tom Brady	Great. What do you think of his record as a QB?	He is obviously one of the best. I heard he is having a documentary made about him called "Tom vs. Time"
DSTC10TOPICAL-004365	That's interesting, and kind of interesting thing NOT to do regularly.	I don't know how many Navajo fans there are. George never won an Oscar though.	that's sad considering how amazing his movies were	The Academy has a lot of politics. He made the wrong kinds of films. His wife got an award.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004366	Yes, she is a talented actress. I bet she did a great job. Anyway, thanks for the chat.	It has a solid cast overall. Hope you get to catch it some time.	Have a good day! Talk to you soon, Im sure.	Thanks! See you around.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004367	I'm sure if they do they will have tracking chips on their shoulder pads like they do now so they can record every move on the field.	That seems bit invasive but I guess all kinds of stats are taken out of those chips	Yes. They even have chips in the footballs to track velocity, etc. Getting a little too technical I think for a sport.	Do you have a favorite team?
DSTC10TOPICAL-004368	Hello, do you like Disney?	Yes, I do like Disney. They have done many great films and have some great theme parks.	Do you know the original Disney is in California and not Florida?	I've been to both. Disneyworld is more fun, but a lot bigger. A bit overwhelming in that way.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004369	Hi. Do you watch football?	yes well I did watch the superbowl but I don't watch it regularly no, what about you	Sometimes, but not every week. I would get bored watching for 17 weeks straight during the regular season and then the playoffs and Super Bowl.	it is boring, there is only about 11 minutes of actual gameply in any football game, that explains why I don't like them!
DSTC10TOPICAL-004370	Right. Did you know the guest house is larger than the white house	Yeah that is pretty cool, they must get a lot of people there so maybe that is why	Yeah. Have you heard the president of Indonesia is a pop star?	Yeah the guy has already released 3 albums, wow
DSTC10TOPICAL-004371	That was the culture then. People loved bowling. Oh, I was born at the wrong time.	Yeah it seems it was the case back then. DO you know what the highest score in college football is?	The highest score means little to me unless I could win money. What was it though?	It was 222-0, that is why it went down in history
DSTC10TOPICAL-004372	I'm not sure. Who was it?	It was Georgia tech who scored 222 against Cumberland 0	Holy smokes! I bet that was a long game for Cumberland. In the 1960's bowlers made twice as much as the top football stars.	How times have changed. But even now, engineers still make more over their lifetime
DSTC10TOPICAL-004373	hi there, do you watch the NFL?	I sure do. Do you have a favorite team or player?	I sure do. I love the Patriot and Tom is amazing. Do you have one?	The guys is awesome and now also a book author. Did you hear about that?
DSTC10TOPICAL-004374	Yeah I think the highest paid people in most states are college coaches.	Not sure how I feel about that. I have to send two kids through college one day, with the high cost of college I'm not sure I want a portion going to the football coach.	Yeah its pretty crazy to me just how much it costs to attend college these days.	Still  you kind of have to go. If you want to be an engineer, at least one that has career earnings more then most football players.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004375	Absolutely. It's the next on my list.	Have you watched any of the other Marvel movies?	I'm not normally much of a comics or superhero person. Have you?	Yeah I think I have watched all of them lol Did you know there is one character that both marvel and dc own?
DSTC10TOPICAL-004376	Interesting, have you ever seen house?	I have seen it, great drama tv series	Apparently Hugh Laurie was making $700k an episode! !	What? That is insane! Lucky guy lol. So do you follow the NFL at all?
DSTC10TOPICAL-004377	I bet you they do it for both. They need to track lots of stats like velocity and rotation and such and they will likely need the averages of those	We live in amazing times. I can see where that would be useful. If a running back is getting tire during the game they know right away	Yeah we sure do. Did you know women can play too in the NFL?	I have read about a couple but overall I just don't think it's a good idea.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004378	There are a lot who play on high school teams, so if they meet the requirements, why not?	Yeah, but the average earning potential salary of an engineer is higher	lol Bowlers in the 60's made more than football players. THAT is hilarious.	And the NFL puts tracking chips in the players' equipment to track their every move. What woman would want a room full of men telling them that they watched their every mis-step, and they have proof that they were out of place? No thank you. Tracking the location of a ball, ok. Tracking the women on the field seems like stalking...
DSTC10TOPICAL-004379	True, I guess we'll never know. It was great talking with you though, have a good one!	It was nice chatting with you too.	You as well, I hope you have a good rest of the evening, I'll try not to think about the depths of space that much !	I will read more about the space. Have a nice evening. Bye.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004380	I watched the series, but didn't play the game. Do you know Nintendo is over 100 years old?	I didnt know its over 100 years old, I wonder how the games from that time look like.	Well, they started out as a playing card company.	Oh, I see, I didnt know it was a Japanese multinational company, I thought it was American.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004381	You would think! I heard even 1960's top bowlers made twice as much as football stars!	I believe that. Bowling was a big sport back in the day. Football players didnt have the players union back then so they didnt make nearly what they deserved. I would say now it is a little over the top	I agree. Especially if you are like the patriots benjarvus green-ellis who never even fumbled one game in his nfl career.	He must have done a lot of upper body strength training to be strong enough to never fumble. Either that or he prayed hard every night.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004382	That would be Jupiter's moon? I wonder if Jupiter is one of the five planets visible to the naked eye.	I would guess from it size it is	The planet Venus is the only planet that rotates clockwise and has no seasons. That seems boring.	uranus also has a strange rotation, it rolls around rather than spinning
DSTC10TOPICAL-004383	I've been a bigger fan in the past. I was a Caps fan growing up.	I am a Caps fan too! Do you know how much a player loses weight per game?	Like 8 pounds. I assume that's mostly sweat.	Yes! I cannot believe they drop that much weight!
DSTC10TOPICAL-004384	Yes it is, so that much mean that he was thinking about this movie for 11 years?	That is impressive. That makes a great actor.	Yes it does, are you a fan of comic books, if you are, how many books do you have?	I am not. But appears that their is a lot of money in the industry.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004385	No I don't but curious	I never have either, do you / did you play any of the sports we talked about?	I have always been a soccer person	really? I played soccer as a kid. guess what position?
DSTC10TOPICAL-004386	300 of them? that sounds impressive and too bad, maybe his manuscript is really good, he could have been a rich man,	Oh for sure! Do you like science at all?	I do like science, I think that scientists make big contributions to society, they make human kind better and smarter.	Well said! Did you know the NFL has a coach who was a rocket scientist?
DSTC10TOPICAL-004387	It amazes me that a hockey player was once traded for a dollar	He must have been worth less than that to the trading team. Maybe they were paying him too much already. Do you play hockey?	I do not, but many Canadians do, since both hockey and lacrosse are their national sport.	What sports do you play? I don't play hockey or lacrosse, but I love soccer. I would like a cheer section like they have for club soccer.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004388	Wow. I never knew that.	Yah, did you know the other word for telephone is a phone?	Yes. I knew that one.	Do you see UNICEF donating a day of clean water to a child in need, all you need to do is not use your phone.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004389	Yeah I know he has won a few games there. Did you know he was picked 19th back in the 2000 NFL draft?	I did not! He's been around for a while, I'm surprised he hasn't retired yet. His history as a football player is impressive. Been to the super bowl 8 times with the patriots.	Yeah he sure has, I don't think he will retire for at least two more seasons.	Wow, he's trying to hang around for a while. I don't blame him though, I kind of wish Peyton Manning stayed around for a while longer, I liked him.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004390	No I never been to Texas yet but that's pretty crazy	Yeah it is right? And it cost $60 million and on top of all , it is just a high school stadium	They do love football in Texas, too bad they don't care as much about education, an average engineer makes more in a lifetime than the average NFL player	Yeah that is a good point. Did you hear they are using tracking chips on the players?
DSTC10TOPICAL-004391	That is something. the lost 222-0. That is crazy !	What is wrong is how the cheerleaders cant eat with the players	Yeah the have to leave when they come in. I will research why	Well I would have rather had been a bowler instead of a football player in the 60's
DSTC10TOPICAL-004392	Yeah I guess the career of a football player does not last that long so they do not have much time to make money	True, I did not think about that, do you know how we are able to learn about interesting statistics like ball speed. ball rotation and players performance?	Yeah that is actually pretty cool, they are using tracking chips on the shoulder pads of the players now.	I find that pretty interesting!! Did you know when was the highest score in a football match ever?
DSTC10TOPICAL-004393	Hello! Do you like Football?	I do. Do you?	Of course! What's your favorite team. Mine is the New England Patriots, the Lannisters of the NFL!	I like the Broncos. Have you read the Indentured by Ben Strauss and Joe Nocera?
DSTC10TOPICAL-004394	Maybe they can even see how long games are since they think only about 11 minutes are live gameplay!	No kidding, right? I mean, these engineers already make more than the average lifetime earnings of both MLB and NFL players, so they should step their game up... even though they are doing a phenomenal job now.	That stat actually surprises me with how much football players work! Did you know that in the 60s even top bowlers made more than football players? !	I wasn't aware of that, actually. That's sad and unfair - almost as bad as the Saints cheerleaders not being allowed to dine in the same restaurant as the football players.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004395	Yes thats really something	Any other movies, books, or shows that you are into?	I liked the lost series on tv	That was a beautiful show, both in the writing and visually. It's probably the best bit of TV Sci-Fi since 1997.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004396	But even today, NFL players don't make as much on average as I would think. Engineers earn more over a lifetime.	Yes, and it's interesting to consider the lifetime career of a football player. Some use their background to transition to other fields such as coaching, or use the income to start a new career after they retire. Sadly, others suffer	It's amazing how much technology is used in the NFL these days	Yes, I was reading about the chips that they're using in shoulder pads. I hope the data they gather that way will be used to prevent injuries.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004397	That is impressive. That makes a great actor.	Yes it does, are you a fan of comic books, if you are, how many books do you have?	I am not. But appears that their is a lot of money in the industry.	Yes, you are right, I have lots of comics books, I am not a reader, I like them for the drawing of the characters.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004398	I know that it is the best selling book of all time with total sales of over 5 billion copies!	Yeah that seems a lot. Jefferson apparently made his own version of the Bible	I didn't know that. Teddy Roosevelt and John Quincy Adams were the only 2 U.S. presidents who didn't use the bible when they were sworn in.	Yeah they must not have liked that. Jefferson took out the supernatural from the Bible.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004399	Perhaps a combination of the winning team being just that good and the losing team being so bad	Ive seen some blow outs, but never by that much.	Did you every play fantasy football?	I never have, but my brother gets seriously into it.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004400	I noticed that. I've heard of some weird ideas for sports, but that's out there. On the subject of shoes, my old work boots have lasted me about 6 years but it's about time to get some new ones at	I think I have 2 pairs of shoes. It's crazy there is 5000 year old shoes that perform better than modern shoes	I'm not surprised, considering how much stuff today is deliberately designed to fall apart so you have to buy more. Sounds like you've got about as many shoes as I do.	I wonder how reliable the $15 shoes Stephon Marbury promotes are
DSTC10TOPICAL-004401	That's a good point that I never thought about. What is also interesting to me is that an NFL game only has about 10 or 11 minutes to it that seems super low.	Yeah, that makes sense, it is mostly standing around if you ask me. I still love the game, but the clock watching gets annoying.	Yep I agree with that. Do you watch any fantasy movies. Or do you do fantasy football at all	I used to play fantasy football, but I no longer have the time for it to be honest. What about you?
DSTC10TOPICAL-004402	Maybe so. I hope the data they are collecting in the field though can somehow be used to make the game a little bit safer	Amazing that a game which averages just over 10 minutes of actual gameplay can be so damaging to players.	Great point. Do you know what the highest score recorded in a game was?	I'd be really curious to know, what was it?
DSTC10TOPICAL-004403	no way! I would love to learn that. Were you into the beatles much?	I loved them as a kid. I was not born when they formed in 1960	I wasn't either, they were amazing and still are. They couldn't even read music which is so interesting!	That is something. ringo starr was illiterate due to a childhood illness.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004404	I would guess that has something to do with breast cancer awareness. I know that many football players suffer from breast cancer in the later years.	I never thought of it that way, that's an interesting perspective. Tell me why you like soccer.	It is a good game for women. I think women fight harder on the pitch than men do.	I have the feeling you are a woman. So you like soccer because they fight?
DSTC10TOPICAL-004405	Crazy. Take care.	Thank you. You too.	:)	Enjoy your day.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004406	I'm fine. Thanks for asking and you?	I am fine too	Do you like watching movies?	Sure. Mystery,Comedy. Sci Fy, Action
DSTC10TOPICAL-004407	Yeah so sad. In Texas on the other hand they are voting to rename the garbage dump	Hahha so funny. In the UK not all men could vote until 1918	I wonder what prevented them from doing, maybe class and ranking in society	I wonder , maybe. Do you know how officials were selected to office in the middle ages in Venice?
DSTC10TOPICAL-004408	That's right. Did you know that presidents have different functions depending on the type of government?	Yes I remember learning that I think. Its been good talking to you.	It's been good talking to you as well.	Have a good day
DSTC10TOPICAL-004409	Yeah the same one, expensive but it must be alien proof	He must have the money despite the fact that Seinfeld has a higher net worth	He does? Well Tom Cruise will eventually come on top, he has a lot more movies planned in the future. I don't know about Seinfeld.	What's interesting is that Tom Cruise is actually the fourth generation in his family with that name
DSTC10TOPICAL-004410	Yeah I don't know how that would go, but they should be allowed if they are good enough, I'm an engineer and I guess I make more in my lifetime than an average NFL player makes, cool!	lol, really. Oh yeah, the average lifetime earning is higher than the average NFL player!	yup good to know haha, do you like the Saints? I don't like how they treat their cheer leaders	I know, that is crazy. At least have some kind of plan before hand so they aren't in the same restaurant. Guess they think its too much togetherness. lol
DSTC10TOPICAL-004411	Yeah I was wandering about that as well. How about radio dramas, do you like those?	I don't like dramas in general so probably not.	I see, because if you did there is a free radio to listen to them to	Interesting. I prefer to watch tv. How about you?
DSTC10TOPICAL-004412	The guy is a legend, he has ever fumbled the ball in his career	Exactly. Do you know what the highest score in college football is?	Yes I feel bad for Cumberland to lose 222-0 from Georgia Tech	Yeah what a game. Did you know ESPN won an Emmy?
DSTC10TOPICAL-004413	hope so too. now they are using tracking chips on the players	That's pretty cool, they can find out how hard a player hits and moves with those chips	yes, very handy. do you know what the highest score is in football history?	I think it was a game georgia tech scored 222 points
DSTC10TOPICAL-004414	Oh, your explanation is making so much sense. Thank you.	There is a lot of technical data, like the area code 212 was chosen because it was easier to dial on a rotary phone.	That fact to me is reasonable because New York was one of the earliest established cities in the U.S history.	I don't know about that, since the phone was invented in the late 1800s, there were a few big cities at that time.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004415	Yes a lot. Do you know how much a single search takes in terms of power?	Yes more than in took to take Armstrong and 11 others to the moon	Yes. Do you know how they calculate traffic?	Yes they take the average of devices as they more around
DSTC10TOPICAL-004416	Maybe, Bill Nye had to add more effect with more science experiments to create flubber.	Freeman has served narrator, commentator for numerous programs and television shows.	Well, he was nominated and won a lot of rewards.	Yes. He played all his role very well and multi talented person he is.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004417	I don't think they went in for those silly games back then, probably more respectful to the other team.	Probably... Did you know the NFL had no written rule that women can't play?	They probably think they don't need it. Some guys get worked up if they hear a woman is going to take part in something, but if they are good enough and want to do it let them.	I agree. It's not that big of a deal. Here's another interesting football fact, there are only 11 actual minutes of gameplay in an average NFL game.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004418	Yeah exactly. Did you know ESPN won and Emmy once?	It was for the superimposed yellow line and I think they deserved it	Yup. DO you know much about the Bible?	I know what Jefferson created his own version of it without the supernatural parts
DSTC10TOPICAL-004419	Yes they are collecting information such as velocity and rotation and a bunch others, Wonder what for though.	I hope they can somehow use them to make the game safer and decrease the number of concussions	That would be amazing. On another topic, do you know anything about the Bible?	I know that it has sold over 5 billion copies. Amazing record there
DSTC10TOPICAL-004420	Are you a Star Wars fan?	Yes, star wars is great. i really like the original trilogy.	Me too, that was the best out of all the movies, and basically the only ones I watched. It made George Lucas a billionaire	George was smart about merchandising. he got the rights for a song.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004421	I sure do. Did you know Jon Hamm taught drama in a high school?	Cool. Did you ever watch the show House MD?	Yeah and he even taught Ellie Kemper, she is so funny. Yeah I watch House	Laurie made lots of money there, $700 000 per episode
DSTC10TOPICAL-004422	Are you a Star Wars fan?	yes, i really like the original trilogy. You?	Me too, it was so good! George Lucas became a billionaire because of it	Yeah, he was clever. he knew the value of merchandising right. he traded away some cash for a huge bonanza.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004423	Are you religious?	yes. fairly so	Did you know that Thomas Jefferson had created his own version of the bible so he could remove the supernatural parts. Thats wild.	no. i didnt. that is wild
DSTC10TOPICAL-004424	WOw that is interesting for a radio. Do you listen to radio dramas?	I do not really, are they good? Maybe I should check them out	Well there is a free website of them if you would like to check it out	Yeah that is nice. Did you know that there is a radio station that turns solar energy into tunes
DSTC10TOPICAL-004425	That is a lot of money! Did you know that 20th Century Fox agreed to forgo a $500k directing fee to let Lucas keep the licensing and merchandise rights?	I wonder how they feel about that now. Lucas pulled one over on them. The entire franchise is estimated to be $65 billion dollars!	I know! It has cost them billions and made Lucas himself a billionaire.	Cha-ching! His wife Marcia, won an academy award for editing the first movie!
DSTC10TOPICAL-004426	Really? Haha, not sure if that worked! Marvel comic toys are expensive.	Not sure but it just increases the profit margin for the company haha.	True! I am going to have to watch this Infinity War movie now lol, curious about this Hawkeye character. Although he has been in other Marvel films.	Yeah, I heard it was good. I will have to check it out.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004427	Yes! I heard that many people were actually rooting against Brady's team, because they're kind of over them winning all the time. He sure works hard though, it seems.	I think so, too. But there are other good players as well. I guess RB Benjarvus Green-Ellis has never fumbled the football in his NFL career.	Pretty impressive. I know they get paid a lot for those skills, but did you realize that top bowlers in the 60's made twice as much as football stars then?	I had no idea! That's quite interesting. I wonder why...any ideas?
DSTC10TOPICAL-004428	Oh that makes so much sense. Do you know why Caine became an actor?	Hmm I am not sure of that. He went to college for it?	Nope he just attended drama class in high school because that is where the pretty girls went	Hahaha the guy really knew what he was after even that early
DSTC10TOPICAL-004429	I heard it was really good, hes not my favorite superhero, but Id definitely see it also.	Do you read any other comic books?	No, never have read many of them. I miss out on a lot of back story that way.	Yeah, I never got into comic books or manga. But I do like graphic novels.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004430	I know! They sure do milk it for all its worth.	ESPN won an emmy for creating the superimposed yellow first down line on tv. That has been a good addition to watching games.	Yeah, that was a good addition. Can't believe that Benjarvus Green-Ellis never fumbled. Amazing!	That's an incredible stat to have! The average lifetime earnings of an engineer is higher than the average lifetime earnings of an NFL or MLB player. Probably due to having longer careers.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004431	Not really. I find they have too much CGI. What about you?	I like some of them like Spider-man. DO you know why there is a hyphen in the name?	I have no idea why. Why not just one word? Other superheroes have names like that.	Because Stan Lee did not want it confused with superman
DSTC10TOPICAL-004432	Hard to believe. I saw some pretty good jazz in New orleans once. Wasn't a huge fan but it is definitely popular. Apparently the trumpet players grow a goatee for comfort when playing.	Interesting. I also see that clint eastwood is an enthusiast.	I had no idea it was popular in Pakistan given that their jazz orchestra is topping the charts.	apparnetly jack black made a video of himself with fans begging him to sing the immigrant song
DSTC10TOPICAL-004433	Yes they did. All came down to a stupid kick ha ha. Anyway, did you know that in the 60's top bowlers made more than top football players?	No I didn't know that, I always hear that most sports make more than nfl, which I think it's unfair.	I'm positive it's not the case now. Do you know what the highest score in a football game ever was?	Yes it was 222-0, I wonder what college they played or sounds more like a high school football team.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004434	I know right, only 11 minutes, last Superbowl was more than 3 hours long, maybe 4 all of that for only 11 minutes	All those advertisements make a lot of money for the NFL and the tickets are outrageous. I wonder if a woman will ever try to be eligible to play?	Theres no written rule against woman playing so yeah I think they could, its a physical sport though,	I don't think women have the stamina, but you never know. For that kind of money someone should try.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004435	bye	Bye.	see you	Not anymore!
DSTC10TOPICAL-004436	Do you like concerts?	i do like concerts. I havent had much chance to do recently. You?	I like them, but only in outdoor arenas. Not so much the indoor stuff.	oh the sheds? The amphitheaters? Yeah, they are great in the warm months.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004437	They are the second largest search engine on the internet. I myself usually just google what I want to find and then it takes me to YouTube. The whole channels thing on YouTube confuses me.	Yeah, it can get quite confusing, do you also use Pandora Radio? I like that it also streams comedy and I use it on my way to the office.	I do have an account. Mostly I listen to NPR radio.	NPR radio is pretty good, have you heard about the music genome project in pandora?
DSTC10TOPICAL-004438	wow, I didnt know an illness could cause that. Look how far he came in life! what is it due to?	Yes He did very well in his career. And they had the best selling album of the 2000's	WHAT? that is so awesome. I wonder when they released their last song, do you know?	Good question. I love the way they experimented with musical styles
DSTC10TOPICAL-004439	I guess that's the idea. I can't imagine it really working or everyone would do it.	Yeah I think it must be more of a tradition now, I doubt a color would really affect another team's performance.	The highest score ever in a football game occurred in 1916 when Georgia tech defeated Cumberland 222-0. Would pink locker rooms have helped Cumberland, do you think?	I don't think anything would have helped Cumberland that day. Probably only a freak hurricane.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004440	yeah, i bet the simpsons liked that. the simpsons has had trouble maintaining its quality over the last few years. i think that comedy is quite difficult.	Yea I stopped watching years ago. Apparently one episode in the whole series did not have bart in it or mention him. I want to watch that episode	i wonder what the episode was about. that is odd. the simpsons has great voice talent.	yea they do. I wonder why also. Did you ever watch pokemon?
DSTC10TOPICAL-004441	Well perhaps you can find a short version that only shows the live gameplay. Each game is only a dozen or so minutes long of real gameplay	That's another reason why I don't watch football, three hours in front of the television for just 12 minutes of actual action. I could just grab my Bible instead.	Do you read from the bible often?	Not really. I'm some times curious when I hear people quote from it. I used to have to do it in school when I was a kid.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004442	That should be fun for real. Did you know women can play in the NFL?	Yes as long as they meet the requirements. I wonder if any of them have tried	Curious about that too. Maybe they are sticking to engineering careers	Cannot blame them, engineers make more over their lifetime
DSTC10TOPICAL-004443	that's sad considering how amazing his movies were	The Academy has a lot of politics. He made the wrong kinds of films. His wife got an award.	What did she get an award for?	Oscar for editing. She helped shape the film too. A lot of plot points were her ideas.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004444	Yeah for sure. and that weird rule about new orleans cheerleaders?	Yeah that seems like such a silly outdated rule. I think that will be gone in the next year or two.	I hope so. did you know U of Iowa's locker room for visitors is painted pink?	I think that is hilarious, I wonder who was in charge over there and said it was ok to do, I think it's cool.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004445	Yeah it was actually Stan Lee's wife, Joan B. Lee	I guess he chose her for the job. I never really watched the show.	I see. The Spider-man musical is the most expensive production on Broadway	A Broadway production of Spider-man? That's an odd choice. Not very typical.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004446	Yes that would be JFK, Washington and Jefferson	Right. Did you know the guest house is larger than the white house	Yeah that is pretty cool, they must get a lot of people there so maybe that is why	Yeah. Have you heard the president of Indonesia is a pop star?
DSTC10TOPICAL-004447	That is so cool. There is a piano that was found on the highest mountain in Britain	Wow wonder who put it up there. Do you like Michael Jackson?	I do actually he has some amazing music. He was once supposed to do a duet with Freddy Mercury but that did not go through	Yeah if only Michael had not insisted on bringing his llama to the studio
DSTC10TOPICAL-004448	Yeah , what a talent. Oscar were nominated for 9 Emmys. Wonder how that works	Yeah I am confused too about that. Do you know how many Oscars are given out?	Yes there are 24 awards given over a range of categories	That is quite a few of them. Nice chat
DSTC10TOPICAL-004449	Exactly. Did you know engineers make more than them over their lifetime?	I am not surprised as they have longer careers so more time to make money	Yeah true. Did you hear about that rule for New Orleans cheerleaders?	Yeah about them not being able to eat in the same place as the players?
DSTC10TOPICAL-004450	Yes, I would like to know. I've been reading about observational versus theoretical astronomy, but I don't know what research methods would have been used to detect the building blocks of life so far away.	Can you imagine how complex the orbit would be for that planet that orbits four stars?	I haven't heard of that planet! What is it called?	That was all I read about it. However, the math that describes orbiting one star is complex enough. That math would be crazy.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004451	18 holes a games. Seems like a long day.	Yeah it does. I like football a bit more. I love the NFL because they have 32 teams so people are bound to find one they like.	Yes football is way better. That is true but you usually only hear about a select few.	Yes the top ones. Wonder if there will ever be a woman player because there is no rule against it!
DSTC10TOPICAL-004452	yep, and pokemon cards that are worth some money. How about that 70s show, ever seen that?	no, i didnt but i think it was a very popular show. probably a lot of actors launched big careers there.	You're right, mostly all of them became something big after that. I wish the same was for that 70s show uk remake, they only lasted 10 episodes.	shows dont always travel well to other cultures, and i guess a verbatim remake is flat. the casting wouldnt work either.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004453	Yes I did Snoop Dogg wrote a song for his son's football team once	Wow nice. Bowlers used to make more than football players in the 60s	I guess it was a more popular sport back in the day	Make sense right? Do you know what the highest score in college football is?
DSTC10TOPICAL-004454	It's a shame what happened to Andy Dalton	Yes, his thumb injury put him out for the rest of the season.	He was having one of his best seasons so far	Maybe Jeff Driskel will be able to do a good job.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004455	Yeah I do. Do you know what the most disliked video in YouTube history is?	I want to say its the music video baby by Justin Bieber	That's Correct. Do you have any pets?	No, I wish I did, I have friends that own pets. I used to own a fish.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004456	LOL! Did you know politicians in Kentucky must swear an oath that they've never participated in a duel before taking office?	No I didn't! Even in this day and age they still have to do that?	I guess so lol. Do you like Johnny Depp?	I do like him. I think he sometimes comes across as strange but on the flip side he is actually nice. He takes his jack sparrow costume with him wherever he goes so he can visit kids in children's hospitals dressed in character.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004457	Hello, do you watch the NFL?	Yes I try to watch all the games I can, what about you?	Same here but cannot watch them all for 17 weeks	That's true, do you have a favorite team? if yes, what is your favorite team?
DSTC10TOPICAL-004458	I'm an engineer and I ain't seeing it... I can't see how soldiers in WW I could make a radio out of razor blades and pencils? Wow.	lol, that takes pure science around that. I can't even get my already made radio to work!	Ha. I would just end up cutting myself. I guess they may have tuned into Jupiter, there probably weren't a lot of station then.	Ha for sure me too! I heard am radios can pick up their radio waves, that would be spooky!
DSTC10TOPICAL-004459	The times were different then. Many people bowled and I guess they watched it on TV.	NFL uses tracking chips embedded in players shoulder pads.	I believe it. Probably helps with strategy and maybe player safety. Anyway, I enjoyed chatting!	It was good talking to you!
DSTC10TOPICAL-004460	Oh wow that's cool. How was the concert?	Great! He is very talented! Better than Kanye in my opinion. Kanye once did a snl skit mocking himself for interrupting award shows!	I'm not a huge fan of Kanye music.	Me neither, his only song gold digger was in the top ten songs of all time.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004461	Oh that is so nice and convenient and free	Yeah it is. DO you know why Michael Caine became an actor?	I have no idea, how? DId tou know Patrick Stewart teaches masters classes in drama in the UK?	Nice. Caine became an actor because all the pretty girls were in drama class
DSTC10TOPICAL-004462	yeah, but for engineering and science, it seems strange to me. Anyway, great chat!	Ditto. Nice chatting with you!	Have a great day!	You too. Take care.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004463	Have you seen Black Panther?	No I haven't yet. Is it any good?	I thought it was pretty good. The character is the richest superhero with an estimated 500 billion dollars.	That's impressive. I always thought the richest was Tony Stark.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004464	I live in North East Ohio, I think fans around here would gladly swap the Packers records for the Browns.	Yeah the Browns have had some tough times since I have been watching, much better season this one than last though.	I guess there is always someone worse than yourself, just heard about the team that lost 222-0. That must have hurt.	That sounds awful, I wonder how many Cumberland fans were still in the stands when that game ended?
DSTC10TOPICAL-004465	Yeah I think so too. Gal Gadot who is the new wonder woman, actually served two years as a soldier.	Yeah I think I have read that before, that is impressive. I heard she was really good in that movie as well.	It's funny that she did not know she was auditioning for wonder woman. She thought she was trying out for cat woman	That is pretty funny, do you know what year the original wonder women made an appearance?
DSTC10TOPICAL-004466	Yea there is no rule against that as long as they qualify	Yes. The game average is only 11 minutes of play anyways	Yeah. Engineers make more than football players over their lifetime	Yes they have longer careers too though so more time to make money
DSTC10TOPICAL-004467	That kind of sucks, tickets tend to be really expensive and the game lasts for 3 hours, you would expect more than just 11 minutes of gameplay, really unfair.	Yeah I know. Bowlers used to make more in the 60s than football players	They did? I wonder what changed, bowling used to be really popular back in the day, it doesnt seem like a really popular sport now	Yeah football has really surpassed it now. But engineers still make more money over their lifetime.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004468	I know, honestly if it's a sport played with feet and a ball then i guess they have the right to call it that.	That is true. In Hungary "football" is soccer.	In parts of Africa too. in Australia Rugby is football.	How many weeks are in the NFL's regular season?
DSTC10TOPICAL-004469	Yup, that is why I do not go to these events.	Well, obviously everyone else at the concert seemed to enjoy it so not to bad of a deal	Are there any concerts coming up that sound fun?	I haven't checked recently. Hey, i gotta go for now it was nice chatting with you. I hope you have  a great night.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004470	Yeah i'm sure your right. Can you believe top bowlers made more than top nfl players in the 60's?	Did they really? That's shocking, I wonder why, maybe people didn't care about football as much back then. Also I'm sure bowling games have more than 11 minutes of game play.	That's unbelievable. Almost as much as espn winning an Emmy. do you know what for?	I think it was for creating the first down line! I guess it shows more people care about football now. Anyways it was nice talking to you, have a good day!
DSTC10TOPICAL-004471	It was a nice way to spend an afternoon. i try to watch the playoffs and the superbowl. this year i didnt.	I watched the superbowl. I thought it was terrible, but that may just be me. So boring this year.	I think it was probably better the year before. there was a big comeback. this year it was a defensive battle. i wanted the underdog to win. too bad.	Yeah, I tend to think low scoring games are boring. Well, nice chatting with you!
DSTC10TOPICAL-004472	Hi there, do you watch the NFL?	Yes I like to watch NFL games, I try to watch as many games as I can, what about you?	Nice, yes me too. Did you know women can play too?	Yes, but I don't know if it's safe for them to play against 250-300 lb men.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004473	That is pretty impressive, that is probably part of why the Patriots have been one of the most dominant teams recently.	Yes - the Patriots at least made a better decision than his high school - since they let tom Brady play!	I bet they are really regretting that decision now.	No kidding! Tom has won 4 Super Bowls
DSTC10TOPICAL-004474	And their feet look all weird for some reason	Well putting dry tea bags in smelly shoes will absorb the odor.	That is something I have to try tonight	LOL, me too. I didn't know Nokia used to make rubber boots.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004475	Hi, do you like football?	Soccer or American football, i like them both.	I like them both too, I did not realize that the season lasts 17 weeks	it does i only know that the super bowl is in the first week of February.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004476	Yes that is true and I am glad they came up with that line because it makes watching the game much easier	Definitely. Can you believe the former Patriots running back never fumbled the football his entire career?	That is so amazing. Do you know what the highest score in college football is?	Yeah, it was 222 during a college game in 1916.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004477	Hello, Do you enjoy football?	I do love football! How about you?	Yes, I love to go to the games? What do you think of the Patriots?	I like the Patriots! I'm glad that they won the super bowl. Tom Brady puts a lot of work into his game and deserves to be a winner for his dedication to being the best he can be.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004478	I meant breast cancer, lol! Did you know woman could play in the NFL if they wanted to and could play.	They could possibly feel more comfortable in a pink locker room	I agree, lol! Did you know also the saints cheerleaders need to leave a restaurant if the players come in, kind of sexist!	That's a blown opportunity to raise cancer awareness among the players and cheerleaders.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004479	Yes it was. Do you know anything about the FIFA World Cup?	I don't know much about it. When the US competed in the first FIFA world cup in 1930, they got 3rd place.	Yes they did. The city that is hosting the 2022 final does not exist yet.	And cities that host the World Cup don't even get an economic gain from it.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004480	Yes, although that duel thing seems like it should have been going on out in the cowboy west in the old days.	Right? They must have kept the laws from way back in time lol	Lots of curious things that are fun to learn about. It has been great chatting with you. Thanks!	it has been great! Thank you and have a great night!
DSTC10TOPICAL-004481	Yeah that's for sure. I really thought that players earned alot more money though.	Maybe the MVP but an engineer will earn more money than the NFL player, I think soccer players are paid better	Crazy to think that one team scored 222 points in a game once too.	Really? what team was that, the other team must have been less skilled
DSTC10TOPICAL-004482	that is crazy, I bet NFL makes more money now by a long shot, it was nice chatting with you!	Yeah that is true, things have really changed. Same here.	Good bye!	Bye.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004483	Do you know if they have female players?	Well, not in the NFL they dont but i'm sure they might have a womans league	Did you know that the nfl has no rules against women? They could legally play if they met the requirements. What do you think?	That would be great but no woman has tried yet
DSTC10TOPICAL-004484	I would think so. Btw, nice chatting with you. Happy holiday	Merry Christmas to you, and I'll leave you with this fun fact: The university of Iowa's locker room provided for visiting football players is completely painted pink!	Thank you.	I thought that was funny, hopefully the teams are good sports.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004485	Hi friend, do you watch the NFL?	Hey, I am a big fan of the NFL. How about you?	I love watching the NFL, it may be my new religion. Did you know that Tom Brady has a book called the athletes bible?	I actually did not know that. Tom Brady is my favorite player and we both graduated from the same school.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004486	I'm originally from England so soccer is my thing, yes, a little rugby too. I've tried watching football on TV but it seems to go on forever, and is mostly replays of what has happened already.	Yeah the average NFL game has 11 minutes of live gameplay, what do you think they could do to improve it ?	Less commercials. I think it is mainly a cultural thing. If I grew up here my opinion might be different.	They are a little old fashioned in the NFL, cheerleaders are not even allowed to be in the same restaurant with a football player.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004487	The third was JFK.	I see. I wonder how rich president banana of Zimbabwe is haha. He may be the most loaded of all of them haha	President Banana is an interesting name. Were you aware that the guest house is bigger than the white house?	No I didn't know that! Doesn't seem like that makes any sense to me haha. Did you know that our rules for elections changed in 1805?
DSTC10TOPICAL-004488	Then he got Randy Moss and blew that out of the water!	Yup real talk! Tom Brady's wife makes double her husbands salary!	I would be really happy if my wife made double what I make. That would be great!	Yes me too. Maybe some day...I also find it funny Brady was drafted in the 6th round in 2000.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004489	yeah, I'm one and I have a bunch of friends that do it. On average we make more than a football player!	Oh that's awesome. And yep that is what I have heard did you know that the NFL has no rule against female players. Do you think we'll see one in our lifetime?	I've heard that before, but I don't know if Americans can stomach seeing a woman getting injured on the field.	That's a good point that I never thought about. What is also interesting to me is that an NFL game only has about 10 or 11 minutes to it that seems super low.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004490	Do you wear a costume for halloween ever?	my mom and dad used to dress me up in costumes for halloween sometimes. How about you?	lol me too, I remember seeing pictures of some ridiculous costumes. I want to be a panda researcher though	why a panda researcher? what are the attractions and benefits of such a career?
DSTC10TOPICAL-004491	That's true. Do watch NFL football games?	I sometimes watch. Usually about the Superbowl. What about you?	I usually watch some games because my son really likes to watch football games.	It's an interesting sport and a good shared interest for a parent and child. Thanks for the chat!
DSTC10TOPICAL-004492	I love Tom Hanks. I found it curious how the Lord of the Rings movies had huge losses despite being a success	Wow, that's pretty surprising. Never know what's going to bring in the money huh? You know you'd figure anything Disney would be a sure hit but heard that their animated "Treasure Planet" was one of the most expensive box office	Yes. And John Carter was a flop over here but broke box office records in Russia	And I loved John Carter. Never know, never know. I don't like Michael Bay movies. His rotten tomatoes average film rating is something like 38% but his movies are always blockbusters.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004493	Hey there my friend do you ever wear shoes.	Yes I do but not like ballet dancers. They can go through 4 pairs of pointe shoes in a week.	That is shocking. I used to date a ballet dancer actually. And I can confirm that they always have feet problems	I imagine... Did she put dry tea bags in her shoes to absorb any odors? I've heard that works.
DSTC10TOPICAL-004494	True, I did not think about that, do you know how we are able to learn about interesting statistics like ball speed. ball rotation and players performance?	Yeah that is actually pretty cool, they are using tracking chips on the shoulder pads of the players now.	I find that pretty interesting!! Did you know when was the highest score in a football match ever?	Yeah it was when Georgia Tech beat Cumberland 222-0. WHat a game
DSTC10TOPICAL-004495	Me too, I'm surprised that Jupiter has radio storms they can be heard on AM radio.	Yes. I wouldnt mind hearing those.	I wonder what they sound like? What if it is actually aliens trying to talk with us?	I dont think those sounds are from Aliens. But they have picked up sounds from space that make me wonder
DSTC10TOPICAL-004496	smart kid, took lots of ap tests in high school	wow amazing. Brad Johnson is the only QB that threw himself a touchdown pass	I did not even know such a thing is possible at all	I know right? Do you listen to the radio much?
DSTC10TOPICAL-004497	Me too. But I'm not sure what frequency it is. Kind of has me worried now!	well maybe we will find out at some point. did you know we can grow a rib in 2-3 months	No, that is shocking. How do they know that?	They must have done some study, good for us though. nice chat
DSTC10TOPICAL-004498	No but I bet it's wild to see. Ha! Wonder if players are allowed to touch the ball with their hands and arms while it's in play unlike regular soccer?	Yeah I don't know it sounds more interesting to me than regular soccer though LOL, have you heard of the German player Mesut Ozil?	I admire him because he donated his entire world cup bonus to pay for the surgeries of 23 different kids over in Brazil. I wish all athletes were like him!	Yes that sounds awesome, he donated over 300,000 Euros to do that too and he didn't even have to, what a nice guy
DSTC10TOPICAL-004499	He was a very funny and interesting man. Something else that is funny is the University of Iowa painted the visiting locker room pink. I wonder what the visiting football teams thought about that.	Yeah it was probably before pink became popular for professional football players to support breast cancer	Do you watch a lot of football?	Not really. How about you? I know that football has really grown in popularity. In the 60s, top bowlers made twice as much as football stars.
