PERSONAZHAO-000000	hi how is it going over there ?	hi i'm doing good . was just reading a book trying to relax .
PERSONAZHAO-000001	hi how is it going over there ?	i'm doing well . how about you ?
PERSONAZHAO-000002	hi how is it going over there ?	good . how was your weekend ?
PERSONAZHAO-000003	hi how is it going over there ?	hi ! i am good . how are you ?
PERSONAZHAO-000004	hi how is it going over there ?	its going good . just got done with my yoga class .
PERSONAZHAO-000005	hi how is it going over there ?	nice , i'm from colorado
PERSONAZHAO-000006	what kind of foods do you like	i like all kinds of foods ; american traditional and ethnic .	i love tacos they're my favorite thing to make	after working in a gas station , i even like its food .	yeah it can be good sometimes are there any good taco spots near you	yes , there are several taco spots near me .
PERSONAZHAO-000007	what kind of foods do you like	i like all kinds of foods ; american traditional and ethnic .	i love tacos they're my favorite thing to make	after working in a gas station , i even like its food .	yeah it can be good sometimes are there any good taco spots near you	i think there are , but i always get the chips with mac and cheese .
PERSONAZHAO-000008	what kind of foods do you like	i like all kinds of foods ; american traditional and ethnic .	i love tacos they're my favorite thing to make	after working in a gas station , i even like its food .	yeah it can be good sometimes are there any good taco spots near you	i think there are , but i get mad when i get a taco and have to go .
PERSONAZHAO-000009	what kind of foods do you like	i like all kinds of foods ; american traditional and ethnic .	i love tacos they're my favorite thing to make	after working in a gas station , i even like its food .	yeah it can be good sometimes are there any good taco spots near you	yes , but i think i am in the south and have a family .
PERSONAZHAO-000010	what kind of foods do you like	i like all kinds of foods ; american traditional and ethnic .	i love tacos they're my favorite thing to make	after working in a gas station , i even like its food .	yeah it can be good sometimes are there any good taco spots near you	i think so . i have been there for many years .
PERSONAZHAO-000011	what kind of foods do you like	i like all kinds of foods ; american traditional and ethnic .	i love tacos they're my favorite thing to make	after working in a gas station , i even like its food .	yeah it can be good sometimes are there any good taco spots near you	tell her i say thanks ! are you a fan of any professional sports ?
PERSONAZHAO-000012	hmm . perhaps i'll buy a farm when i retire . . just a few years . no alcohol !	retiring as a teen ? that is pretty impressive . what do you do ?	i'm sixty ! make a living as a librarian for boston college . you ?	oh , okay . i thought you said 16 . sorry , i see things at times .	ha ha yes . how many meds do you take ?	i take a lot . some days eight , some days twelve .
PERSONAZHAO-000013	hmm . perhaps i'll buy a farm when i retire . . just a few years . no alcohol !	retiring as a teen ? that is pretty impressive . what do you do ?	i'm sixty ! make a living as a librarian for boston college . you ?	oh , okay . i thought you said 16 . sorry , i see things at times .	ha ha yes . how many meds do you take ?	major but mostly just general stuff with some bit of poetry .
PERSONAZHAO-000014	hmm . perhaps i'll buy a farm when i retire . . just a few years . no alcohol !	retiring as a teen ? that is pretty impressive . what do you do ?	i'm sixty ! make a living as a librarian for boston college . you ?	oh , okay . i thought you said 16 . sorry , i see things at times .	ha ha yes . how many meds do you take ?	just 2 . 15mg . do you like to read ?
PERSONAZHAO-000015	hmm . perhaps i'll buy a farm when i retire . . just a few years . no alcohol !	retiring as a teen ? that is pretty impressive . what do you do ?	i'm sixty ! make a living as a librarian for boston college . you ?	oh , okay . i thought you said 16 . sorry , i see things at times .	ha ha yes . how many meds do you take ?	i have a <unk> . i have to keep my <unk> in the face .
PERSONAZHAO-000016	hmm . perhaps i'll buy a farm when i retire . . just a few years . no alcohol !	retiring as a teen ? that is pretty impressive . what do you do ?	i'm sixty ! make a living as a librarian for boston college . you ?	oh , okay . i thought you said 16 . sorry , i see things at times .	ha ha yes . how many meds do you take ?	a few . are you a bad child ?
PERSONAZHAO-000017	hmm . perhaps i'll buy a farm when i retire . . just a few years . no alcohol !	retiring as a teen ? that is pretty impressive . what do you do ?	i'm sixty ! make a living as a librarian for boston college . you ?	oh , okay . i thought you said 16 . sorry , i see things at times .	ha ha yes . how many meds do you take ?	sure ! the last time i ran was when i was 13 which was like 10 years ago !
PERSONAZHAO-000018	that's a good idea ! then i can hang out with my friends more	it is a rewarding job , i teach at an elementary school and that's even more rewarding	yeah seems like it . i just want to have fun though now	i understand that , i spend a lot of my free time practicing photography	i love taking pictures . i do that a lot but i am nowhere near a professional	i am not either but i'll have my own studio in my new apartment
PERSONAZHAO-000019	that's a good idea ! then i can hang out with my friends more	it is a rewarding job , i teach at an elementary school and that's even more rewarding	yeah seems like it . i just want to have fun though now	i understand that , i spend a lot of my free time practicing photography	i love taking pictures . i do that a lot but i am nowhere near a professional	you should try taking some class , it is very rewarding
PERSONAZHAO-000020	that's a good idea ! then i can hang out with my friends more	it is a rewarding job , i teach at an elementary school and that's even more rewarding	yeah seems like it . i just want to have fun though now	i understand that , i spend a lot of my free time practicing photography	i love taking pictures . i do that a lot but i am nowhere near a professional	i am sorry to hear that , i am sure you'll one day
PERSONAZHAO-000021	that's a good idea ! then i can hang out with my friends more	it is a rewarding job , i teach at an elementary school and that's even more rewarding	yeah seems like it . i just want to have fun though now	i understand that , i spend a lot of my free time practicing photography	i love taking pictures . i do that a lot but i am nowhere near a professional	i am sure you are a good person . i am a student
PERSONAZHAO-000022	that's a good idea ! then i can hang out with my friends more	it is a rewarding job , i teach at an elementary school and that's even more rewarding	yeah seems like it . i just want to have fun though now	i understand that , i spend a lot of my free time practicing photography	i love taking pictures . i do that a lot but i am nowhere near a professional	i am a painter , i paint landscapes .
PERSONAZHAO-000023	that's a good idea ! then i can hang out with my friends more	it is a rewarding job , i teach at an elementary school and that's even more rewarding	yeah seems like it . i just want to have fun though now	i understand that , i spend a lot of my free time practicing photography	i love taking pictures . i do that a lot but i am nowhere near a professional	replaying videos of me when i played division a football in college
PERSONAZHAO-000024	hold onto that ! i will take my bees , wife and papaya . all of my favorites !	it is good to have hobbies . i would probably drink alcohol if not .	i'm not close with any other family and they are all that i've .	well it sounds like you are doing well . especially with supermodel wife .	i'm not complaining . italy is awesome !	my dogs are actually named after italian cities . venice and milan .
PERSONAZHAO-000025	hold onto that ! i will take my bees , wife and papaya . all of my favorites !	it is good to have hobbies . i would probably drink alcohol if not .	i'm not close with any other family and they are all that i've .	well it sounds like you are doing well . especially with supermodel wife .	i'm not complaining . italy is awesome !	italy is awesome . i like to go there on vacation .
PERSONAZHAO-000026	hold onto that ! i will take my bees , wife and papaya . all of my favorites !	it is good to have hobbies . i would probably drink alcohol if not .	i'm not close with any other family and they are all that i've .	well it sounds like you are doing well . especially with supermodel wife .	i'm not complaining . italy is awesome !	i would love to visit someday .
PERSONAZHAO-000027	hold onto that ! i will take my bees , wife and papaya . all of my favorites !	it is good to have hobbies . i would probably drink alcohol if not .	i'm not close with any other family and they are all that i've .	well it sounds like you are doing well . especially with supermodel wife .	i'm not complaining . italy is awesome !	yes i did a very beautiful life . have you ever traveled ?
PERSONAZHAO-000028	hold onto that ! i will take my bees , wife and papaya . all of my favorites !	it is good to have hobbies . i would probably drink alcohol if not .	i'm not close with any other family and they are all that i've .	well it sounds like you are doing well . especially with supermodel wife .	i'm not complaining . italy is awesome !	i love it ! i love it !
PERSONAZHAO-000029	hold onto that ! i will take my bees , wife and papaya . all of my favorites !	it is good to have hobbies . i would probably drink alcohol if not .	i'm not close with any other family and they are all that i've .	well it sounds like you are doing well . especially with supermodel wife .	i'm not complaining . italy is awesome !	from my view , there are not a lot of people out tonight .
PERSONAZHAO-000030	i can study french while you work on the roof . just stop yelling .	roof is way to high for me . nice that you study french .	are you afraid of heights ? i study many languages . spanish and french currently .	yes am afraid of heights and great to hear you love languages	you should get to trabajo on tackling your fear of heights .	you feel that would help me ?
PERSONAZHAO-000031	i can study french while you work on the roof . just stop yelling .	roof is way to high for me . nice that you study french .	are you afraid of heights ? i study many languages . spanish and french currently .	yes am afraid of heights and great to hear you love languages	you should get to trabajo on tackling your fear of heights .	i'll but that's a language i know not . i love just looking up
PERSONAZHAO-000032	i can study french while you work on the roof . just stop yelling .	roof is way to high for me . nice that you study french .	are you afraid of heights ? i study many languages . spanish and french currently .	yes am afraid of heights and great to hear you love languages	you should get to trabajo on tackling your fear of heights .	that sounds like a plan . i am going to grill some hamburgers and listen to the french music
PERSONAZHAO-000033	i can study french while you work on the roof . just stop yelling .	roof is way to high for me . nice that you study french .	are you afraid of heights ? i study many languages . spanish and french currently .	yes am afraid of heights and great to hear you love languages	you should get to trabajo on tackling your fear of heights .	i know what you mean . i do not know what i can do with my math .
PERSONAZHAO-000034	i can study french while you work on the roof . just stop yelling .	roof is way to high for me . nice that you study french .	are you afraid of heights ? i study many languages . spanish and french currently .	yes am afraid of heights and great to hear you love languages	you should get to trabajo on tackling your fear of heights .	i think so . i am a <unk> .
PERSONAZHAO-000035	i can study french while you work on the roof . just stop yelling .	roof is way to high for me . nice that you study french .	are you afraid of heights ? i study many languages . spanish and french currently .	yes am afraid of heights and great to hear you love languages	you should get to trabajo on tackling your fear of heights .	thank you that made my day what is your dream career
PERSONAZHAO-000036	i do not have any pets , but i may be interested in one	what is your favorite sport to watch ?	i don't have any special interest in sports , do you have any favorite sports ?	i like to watch hockey .	i see , do you live in united states or canada ? i heard hockey is very popular there .	i live in the united states . what about you ?
PERSONAZHAO-000037	i do not have any pets , but i may be interested in one	what is your favorite sport to watch ?	i don't have any special interest in sports , do you have any favorite sports ?	i like to watch hockey .	i see , do you live in united states or canada ? i heard hockey is very popular there .	i live in canada . it is beautiful here .
PERSONAZHAO-000038	i do not have any pets , but i may be interested in one	what is your favorite sport to watch ?	i don't have any special interest in sports , do you have any favorite sports ?	i like to watch hockey .	i see , do you live in united states or canada ? i heard hockey is very popular there .	i live in canada . i love the snow .
PERSONAZHAO-000039	i do not have any pets , but i may be interested in one	what is your favorite sport to watch ?	i don't have any special interest in sports , do you have any favorite sports ?	i like to watch hockey .	i see , do you live in united states or canada ? i heard hockey is very popular there .	i am from canada . i love the cold .
PERSONAZHAO-000040	i do not have any pets , but i may be interested in one	what is your favorite sport to watch ?	i don't have any special interest in sports , do you have any favorite sports ?	i like to watch hockey .	i see , do you live in united states or canada ? i heard hockey is very popular there .	i do not . i am in canada .
PERSONAZHAO-000041	i do not have any pets , but i may be interested in one	what is your favorite sport to watch ?	i don't have any special interest in sports , do you have any favorite sports ?	i like to watch hockey .	i see , do you live in united states or canada ? i heard hockey is very popular there .	wow , that's amazing . what are you doing tonight ?
PERSONAZHAO-000042	we grow corn and soybeans at my parents farm . what dog do you have ?	he is a black lab named is trooper , he is a great hiking buddy !	cute ! where do you hike ? my pet won't travel . she is a cow	i hike in the mountains here in colorado near pueblo . are there mountains near you ?	no i live in the middle of no where . miles of country .	where is the middle of no where ? i live near denver for work .
PERSONAZHAO-000043	we grow corn and soybeans at my parents farm . what dog do you have ?	he is a black lab named is trooper , he is a great hiking buddy !	cute ! where do you hike ? my pet won't travel . she is a cow	i hike in the mountains here in colorado near pueblo . are there mountains near you ?	no i live in the middle of no where . miles of country .	that's great . do you like to hike in the sun like i do in colorado ?
PERSONAZHAO-000044	we grow corn and soybeans at my parents farm . what dog do you have ?	he is a black lab named is trooper , he is a great hiking buddy !	cute ! where do you hike ? my pet won't travel . she is a cow	i hike in the mountains here in colorado near pueblo . are there mountains near you ?	no i live in the middle of no where . miles of country .	oh okay . i am a bit of a truck person so i've to get somewhere .
PERSONAZHAO-000045	we grow corn and soybeans at my parents farm . what dog do you have ?	he is a black lab named is trooper , he is a great hiking buddy !	cute ! where do you hike ? my pet won't travel . she is a cow	i hike in the mountains here in colorado near pueblo . are there mountains near you ?	no i live in the middle of no where . miles of country .	i bet . i love the mountains .
PERSONAZHAO-000046	we grow corn and soybeans at my parents farm . what dog do you have ?	he is a black lab named is trooper , he is a great hiking buddy !	cute ! where do you hike ? my pet won't travel . she is a cow	i hike in the mountains here in colorado near pueblo . are there mountains near you ?	no i live in the middle of no where . miles of country .	new orleans , my favorite is country as well . are you in any state ?
PERSONAZHAO-000047	we grow corn and soybeans at my parents farm . what dog do you have ?	he is a black lab named is trooper , he is a great hiking buddy !	cute ! where do you hike ? my pet won't travel . she is a cow	i hike in the mountains here in colorado near pueblo . are there mountains near you ?	no i live in the middle of no where . miles of country .	how many kids do you have ?
PERSONAZHAO-000048	good evening , how are you ?	one time i had my lighter set too high and my mustache caught on fire
PERSONAZHAO-000049	good evening , how are you ?	i'm doing well , how about yourself ?
PERSONAZHAO-000050	good evening , how are you ?	i'm doing well , how about yourself ?
PERSONAZHAO-000051	good evening , how are you ?	i am good . how are you ?
PERSONAZHAO-000052	good evening , how are you ?	i'm doing fine how are you ?
PERSONAZHAO-000053	good evening , how are you ?	that is not ok , my older brother used to do that
PERSONAZHAO-000054	cool ! my hair is sweaty . i just got back from the gym .	ugh . when mine gets sweaty , the curls poof out .	my husband loves it when my hair poofs out .	i've to use three products to straighten mine .	that is crazy ! i hope there aren't any animal products in there .	nope . my moms friend uses all vegan products .
PERSONAZHAO-000055	cool ! my hair is sweaty . i just got back from the gym .	ugh . when mine gets sweaty , the curls poof out .	my husband loves it when my hair poofs out .	i've to use three products to straighten mine .	that is crazy ! i hope there aren't any animal products in there .	i hate any kind of hair .
PERSONAZHAO-000056	cool ! my hair is sweaty . i just got back from the gym .	ugh . when mine gets sweaty , the curls poof out .	my husband loves it when my hair poofs out .	i've to use three products to straighten mine .	that is crazy ! i hope there aren't any animal products in there .	i hate any kind of hair .
PERSONAZHAO-000057	cool ! my hair is sweaty . i just got back from the gym .	ugh . when mine gets sweaty , the curls poof out .	my husband loves it when my hair poofs out .	i've to use three products to straighten mine .	that is crazy ! i hope there aren't any animal products in there .	<unk> people are in mine .
PERSONAZHAO-000058	cool ! my hair is sweaty . i just got back from the gym .	ugh . when mine gets sweaty , the curls poof out .	my husband loves it when my hair poofs out .	i've to use three products to straighten mine .	that is crazy ! i hope there aren't any animal products in there .	<unk> here . i cannot just have a dog , one of my four cats owners
PERSONAZHAO-000059	cool ! my hair is sweaty . i just got back from the gym .	ugh . when mine gets sweaty , the curls poof out .	my husband loves it when my hair poofs out .	i've to use three products to straighten mine .	that is crazy ! i hope there aren't any animal products in there .	no , but my dad keeps setting me up on blind dates .
PERSONAZHAO-000060	what do you do for a living	i'm a electrician , but i take care of my parents farm also .	oh well that's cool ! i'm not a farmer but i love gardening	i do it to see moo , my pet cow . what kind of music do you like ?	i love country music . i do work at a gas station as well	i love country too ! i only listen to it !
PERSONAZHAO-000061	what do you do for a living	i'm a electrician , but i take care of my parents farm also .	oh well that's cool ! i'm not a farmer but i love gardening	i do it to see moo , my pet cow . what kind of music do you like ?	i love country music . i do work at a gas station as well	do you make that money on that ? ca not imagine working there .
PERSONAZHAO-000062	what do you do for a living	i'm a electrician , but i take care of my parents farm also .	oh well that's cool ! i'm not a farmer but i love gardening	i do it to see moo , my pet cow . what kind of music do you like ?	i love country music . i do work at a gas station as well	i like rock , country is the best .
PERSONAZHAO-000063	what do you do for a living	i'm a electrician , but i take care of my parents farm also .	oh well that's cool ! i'm not a farmer but i love gardening	i do it to see moo , my pet cow . what kind of music do you like ?	i love country music . i do work at a gas station as well	i love to travel . i am a drummer in a band .
PERSONAZHAO-000064	what do you do for a living	i'm a electrician , but i take care of my parents farm also .	oh well that's cool ! i'm not a farmer but i love gardening	i do it to see moo , my pet cow . what kind of music do you like ?	i love country music . i do work at a gas station as well	i love driving my ford truck
PERSONAZHAO-000065	what do you do for a living	i'm a electrician , but i take care of my parents farm also .	oh well that's cool ! i'm not a farmer but i love gardening	i do it to see moo , my pet cow . what kind of music do you like ?	i love country music . i do work at a gas station as well	those are great hobbies , where are you from ?
PERSONAZHAO-000066	hello , tell me something about yourself !	i am 56 years old and i am a housekeeper	do you have any hobbies or interests ?	yes , i love painting , i used to be a painter , but i went to housekeeping
PERSONAZHAO-000067	hello , tell me something about yourself !	i am 56 years old and i am a housekeeper	do you have any hobbies or interests ?	i love dogs and dogs love me
PERSONAZHAO-000068	hello , tell me something about yourself !	i am 56 years old and i am a housekeeper	do you have any hobbies or interests ?	well i would say my live action role playing would be lol
PERSONAZHAO-000069	hello , tell me something about yourself !	i am 56 years old and i am a housekeeper	do you have any hobbies or interests ?	music hobby and things in the way i travel a lot
PERSONAZHAO-000070	hello , tell me something about yourself !	i am 56 years old and i am a housekeeper	do you have any hobbies or interests ?	i like to read and write poetry .
PERSONAZHAO-000071	hello , tell me something about yourself !	i am 56 years old and i am a housekeeper	do you have any hobbies or interests ?	hello miss ! i m ben and i m grounded for not picking up my toys
PERSONAZHAO-000072	i get to go home in 30 days though so i'm happy	glad to hear that . life is like living in a cloud	yeah so where do u live	i am from chicago . but i do not like it much	oh i hear there's great pizza in chicago	like you'dn't believe . best pizza i've ever had is here .
PERSONAZHAO-000073	i get to go home in 30 days though so i'm happy	glad to hear that . life is like living in a cloud	yeah so where do u live	i am from chicago . but i do not like it much	oh i hear there's great pizza in chicago	i do not like it much either . live near a river or near
PERSONAZHAO-000074	i get to go home in 30 days though so i'm happy	glad to hear that . life is like living in a cloud	yeah so where do u live	i am from chicago . but i do not like it much	oh i hear there's great pizza in chicago	yes there's great pizza here !
PERSONAZHAO-000075	i get to go home in 30 days though so i'm happy	glad to hear that . life is like living in a cloud	yeah so where do u live	i am from chicago . but i do not like it much	oh i hear there's great pizza in chicago	true . i'm available we can talk to that
PERSONAZHAO-000076	i get to go home in 30 days though so i'm happy	glad to hear that . life is like living in a cloud	yeah so where do u live	i am from chicago . but i do not like it much	oh i hear there's great pizza in chicago	lets have friends n share my nachos
PERSONAZHAO-000077	i get to go home in 30 days though so i'm happy	glad to hear that . life is like living in a cloud	yeah so where do u live	i am from chicago . but i do not like it much	oh i hear there's great pizza in chicago	do you like models ? i married one . from italy
PERSONAZHAO-000078	i play banjo in the band i formed with my fellow postal workers .	my husband is a postal worker . my parents aren't supportive of my dream .	why have you not sent help ? ! the scorpions are stinging my legs ! ree ! ! ! ! ! ! !	i sing , play the banjo and the guitar . am a custodian to pay the bills .	dad i am sorry i didn't support your nascar dream ! these scorpions are my punishment	i will sing my favorite folk music . it will help to calm in your distress .
PERSONAZHAO-000079	i play banjo in the band i formed with my fellow postal workers .	my husband is a postal worker . my parents aren't supportive of my dream .	why have you not sent help ? ! the scorpions are stinging my legs ! ree ! ! ! ! ! ! !	i sing , play the banjo and the guitar . am a custodian to pay the bills .	dad i am sorry i didn't support your nascar dream ! these scorpions are my punishment	i am sorry . my wedding is in six months . we are moving to a federal court .
PERSONAZHAO-000080	i play banjo in the band i formed with my fellow postal workers .	my husband is a postal worker . my parents aren't supportive of my dream .	why have you not sent help ? ! the scorpions are stinging my legs ! ree ! ! ! ! ! ! !	i sing , play the banjo and the guitar . am a custodian to pay the bills .	dad i am sorry i didn't support your nascar dream ! these scorpions are my punishment	sorry to hear ! i am a red headed step child with a dad . the bills are paid .
PERSONAZHAO-000081	i play banjo in the band i formed with my fellow postal workers .	my husband is a postal worker . my parents aren't supportive of my dream .	why have you not sent help ? ! the scorpions are stinging my legs ! ree ! ! ! ! ! ! !	i sing , play the banjo and the guitar . am a custodian to pay the bills .	dad i am sorry i didn't support your nascar dream ! these scorpions are my punishment	i am sure you are . i am a <unk> .
PERSONAZHAO-000082	i play banjo in the band i formed with my fellow postal workers .	my husband is a postal worker . my parents aren't supportive of my dream .	why have you not sent help ? ! the scorpions are stinging my legs ! ree ! ! ! ! ! ! !	i sing , play the banjo and the guitar . am a custodian to pay the bills .	dad i am sorry i didn't support your nascar dream ! these scorpions are my punishment	i'm sorry i don't want to see him again
PERSONAZHAO-000083	i play banjo in the band i formed with my fellow postal workers .	my husband is a postal worker . my parents aren't supportive of my dream .	why have you not sent help ? ! the scorpions are stinging my legs ! ree ! ! ! ! ! ! !	i sing , play the banjo and the guitar . am a custodian to pay the bills .	dad i am sorry i didn't support your nascar dream ! these scorpions are my punishment	nice . having a home must be great . i like to cook at my place . anything but chicken .
PERSONAZHAO-000084	that's great ! i am also a student . i am a grad student actually !	wow that's awesome . and your trabajo is pretty nice	what do you do for fun ?	i love to study spanish as you can probably tell , on to french next	that is cool . i love to kayak . it is really fun to be a kayaker .	amazing . do you study and languages
PERSONAZHAO-000085	that's great ! i am also a student . i am a grad student actually !	wow that's awesome . and your trabajo is pretty nice	what do you do for fun ?	i love to study spanish as you can probably tell , on to french next	that is cool . i love to kayak . it is really fun to be a kayaker .	do you also do tours for fun with friends
PERSONAZHAO-000086	that's great ! i am also a student . i am a grad student actually !	wow that's awesome . and your trabajo is pretty nice	what do you do for fun ?	i love to study spanish as you can probably tell , on to french next	that is cool . i love to kayak . it is really fun to be a kayaker .	that is cool . i also love to fish
PERSONAZHAO-000087	that's great ! i am also a student . i am a grad student actually !	wow that's awesome . and your trabajo is pretty nice	what do you do for fun ?	i love to study spanish as you can probably tell , on to french next	that is cool . i love to kayak . it is really fun to be a kayaker .	i love to go to museums . i have been to france
PERSONAZHAO-000088	that's great ! i am also a student . i am a grad student actually !	wow that's awesome . and your trabajo is pretty nice	what do you do for fun ?	i love to study spanish as you can probably tell , on to french next	that is cool . i love to kayak . it is really fun to be a kayaker .	i love to kayak . i kayak with my family .
PERSONAZHAO-000089	that's great ! i am also a student . i am a grad student actually !	wow that's awesome . and your trabajo is pretty nice	what do you do for fun ?	i love to study spanish as you can probably tell , on to french next	that is cool . i love to kayak . it is really fun to be a kayaker .	hello i am 8 years old how old are you ?
PERSONAZHAO-000090	you are a kind person . what state to you live in . i'm from ohio .	i am in new york . very nice a cold	i'd like to see new york . i've never travel out of ohio .	why is that ? traveling is very important	i've a pet cat named spook and i do not have a pet sitter .	that is the name of my violin !
PERSONAZHAO-000091	you are a kind person . what state to you live in . i'm from ohio .	i am in new york . very nice a cold	i'd like to see new york . i've never travel out of ohio .	why is that ? traveling is very important	i've a pet cat named spook and i do not have a pet sitter .	what is the name of your cat ?
PERSONAZHAO-000092	you are a kind person . what state to you live in . i'm from ohio .	i am in new york . very nice a cold	i'd like to see new york . i've never travel out of ohio .	why is that ? traveling is very important	i've a pet cat named spook and i do not have a pet sitter .	i've a dog too . i love him
PERSONAZHAO-000093	you are a kind person . what state to you live in . i'm from ohio .	i am in new york . very nice a cold	i'd like to see new york . i've never travel out of ohio .	why is that ? traveling is very important	i've a pet cat named spook and i do not have a pet sitter .	i have a cat named cow
PERSONAZHAO-000094	you are a kind person . what state to you live in . i'm from ohio .	i am in new york . very nice a cold	i'd like to see new york . i've never travel out of ohio .	why is that ? traveling is very important	i've a pet cat named spook and i do not have a pet sitter .	i love dogs ! i have a cat named radar
PERSONAZHAO-000095	you are a kind person . what state to you live in . i'm from ohio .	i am in new york . very nice a cold	i'd like to see new york . i've never travel out of ohio .	why is that ? traveling is very important	i've a pet cat named spook and i do not have a pet sitter .	oh very cool . teaching is important .
PERSONAZHAO-000096	hello ! i finally turned 18 !	cool do you like pro wrestling or not .	i used to watch it with my boyfriend all the time , but we broke up .	well that is to bad , i am a wrestler my self !	that's neat ! i like old hogan because his uniform is my favorite color . . . orange !
PERSONAZHAO-000097	hello ! i finally turned 18 !	cool do you like pro wrestling or not .	i used to watch it with my boyfriend all the time , but we broke up .	well that is to bad , i am a wrestler my self !	nice ! my hipster daughters want me to get bigger , too . i want big .
PERSONAZHAO-000098	hello ! i finally turned 18 !	cool do you like pro wrestling or not .	i used to watch it with my boyfriend all the time , but we broke up .	well that is to bad , i am a wrestler my self !	i am not sure what that means . i am from baton rouge .
PERSONAZHAO-000099	hello ! i finally turned 18 !	cool do you like pro wrestling or not .	i used to watch it with my boyfriend all the time , but we broke up .	well that is to bad , i am a wrestler my self !	i love to play sports . i love playing tennis .
PERSONAZHAO-000100	hello ! i finally turned 18 !	cool do you like pro wrestling or not .	i used to watch it with my boyfriend all the time , but we broke up .	well that is to bad , i am a wrestler my self !	i am a <unk> , i am a <unk> .
PERSONAZHAO-000101	hello ! i finally turned 18 !	cool do you like pro wrestling or not .	i used to watch it with my boyfriend all the time , but we broke up .	well that is to bad , i am a wrestler my self !	nice . i just work for the us postal service
PERSONAZHAO-000102	i just finished reading a book , i'm pretty relaxed , how are you ?	hello . great . i'm playing ping pong .	i love ping pong , sometimes i play with my family together .	cool . i eat chocolate bars while playing . i love those too .	i can not eat chocolate anymore , i started walking everyday trying to stay fit .
PERSONAZHAO-000103	i just finished reading a book , i'm pretty relaxed , how are you ?	hello . great . i'm playing ping pong .	i love ping pong , sometimes i play with my family together .	cool . i eat chocolate bars while playing . i love those too .	your family sounds okay , i'm far from my brother because of his sister .
PERSONAZHAO-000104	i just finished reading a book , i'm pretty relaxed , how are you ?	hello . great . i'm playing ping pong .	i love ping pong , sometimes i play with my family together .	cool . i eat chocolate bars while playing . i love those too .	i love chocolate , i also love to read .
PERSONAZHAO-000105	i just finished reading a book , i'm pretty relaxed , how are you ?	hello . great . i'm playing ping pong .	i love ping pong , sometimes i play with my family together .	cool . i eat chocolate bars while playing . i love those too .	i love beer , i drink a lot of beer . i love to make them .
PERSONAZHAO-000106	i just finished reading a book , i'm pretty relaxed , how are you ?	hello . great . i'm playing ping pong .	i love ping pong , sometimes i play with my family together .	cool . i eat chocolate bars while playing . i love those too .	my sister 5 sister and dad do that while listening to toto on the beach .
PERSONAZHAO-000107	i just finished reading a book , i'm pretty relaxed , how are you ?	hello . great . i'm playing ping pong .	i love ping pong , sometimes i play with my family together .	cool . i eat chocolate bars while playing . i love those too .	i am worn out from work today . how are you ?
PERSONAZHAO-000108	hello there , how are you ?	i am well and you ? in honor of aim i'll ask a s l	45 m chicago in town . just trying to stay away from the bars
PERSONAZHAO-000109	hello there , how are you ?	i am well and you ? in honor of aim i'll ask a s l	i am good . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
PERSONAZHAO-000110	hello there , how are you ?	i am well and you ? in honor of aim i'll ask a s l	how are you doing today ?
PERSONAZHAO-000111	hello there , how are you ?	i am well and you ? in honor of aim i'll ask a s l	noah . i wear a lot of red hair .
PERSONAZHAO-000112	hello there , how are you ?	i am well and you ? in honor of aim i'll ask a s l	well , i am a <unk> . i am not good at that .
PERSONAZHAO-000113	hello there , how are you ?	i am well and you ? in honor of aim i'll ask a s l	i work in the movies as well .
PERSONAZHAO-000114	hello how are you today ?	good you ? coloring my adult coloring book , do you like them ?	no i think they're for whinny illiterate millennials	well how rude of you . where do you live ?	in nyc i work from my condo	glad we don't live close . i am from a rural part of the u . s . , we farm .
PERSONAZHAO-000115	hello how are you today ?	good you ? coloring my adult coloring book , do you like them ?	no i think they're for whinny illiterate millennials	well how rude of you . where do you live ?	in nyc i work from my condo	i live in nyc as well , i'm a pop star .
PERSONAZHAO-000116	hello how are you today ?	good you ? coloring my adult coloring book , do you like them ?	no i think they're for whinny illiterate millennials	well how rude of you . where do you live ?	in nyc i work from my condo	yeah nyc sounds very rough right now . could not get a job at the garage that i live at
PERSONAZHAO-000117	hello how are you today ?	good you ? coloring my adult coloring book , do you like them ?	no i think they're for whinny illiterate millennials	well how rude of you . where do you live ?	in nyc i work from my condo	oh , i live in the city , my mom is a teacher
PERSONAZHAO-000118	hello how are you today ?	good you ? coloring my adult coloring book , do you like them ?	no i think they're for whinny illiterate millennials	well how rude of you . where do you live ?	in nyc i work from my condo	what do you do for a living ?
PERSONAZHAO-000119	hello how are you today ?	good you ? coloring my adult coloring book , do you like them ?	no i think they're for whinny illiterate millennials	well how rude of you . where do you live ?	in nyc i work from my condo	i've two pairs of jeans and one pair of shoes .
PERSONAZHAO-000120	hi my name is mike , how are you ?	i love going to church and owing dogs .	cool i love wearing skinny jeans with legging	as a woman and a school teacher i feel very powerful
PERSONAZHAO-000121	hi my name is mike , how are you ?	i love going to church and owing dogs .	cool i love wearing skinny jeans with legging	i like church and country music
PERSONAZHAO-000122	hi my name is mike , how are you ?	i love going to church and owing dogs .	cool i love wearing skinny jeans with legging	i am a christian and i wear a lot of those .
PERSONAZHAO-000123	hi my name is mike , how are you ?	i love going to church and owing dogs .	cool i love wearing skinny jeans with legging	i love to shop . i love to shop .
PERSONAZHAO-000124	hi my name is mike , how are you ?	i love going to church and owing dogs .	cool i love wearing skinny jeans with legging	i love it ! do you have any hobbies ?
PERSONAZHAO-000125	hi my name is mike , how are you ?	i love going to church and owing dogs .	cool i love wearing skinny jeans with legging	i've the ability to make time stop .
PERSONAZHAO-000126	hey how are you doing today ?	hi . good . just got in from feeding the horses . how are you doing ?	how many animals you got and i am doing good	my horse is called buttercup . we have six in all . do you have pets ?
PERSONAZHAO-000127	hey how are you doing today ?	hi . good . just got in from feeding the horses . how are you doing ?	how many animals you got and i am doing good	2 . i love them . do you have any hobbies ?
PERSONAZHAO-000128	hey how are you doing today ?	hi . good . just got in from feeding the horses . how are you doing ?	how many animals you got and i am doing good	i am working on a new recipe . i am not very good at it .
PERSONAZHAO-000129	hey how are you doing today ?	hi . good . just got in from feeding the horses . how are you doing ?	how many animals you got and i am doing good	i have two . i have two .
PERSONAZHAO-000130	hey how are you doing today ?	hi . good . just got in from feeding the horses . how are you doing ?	how many animals you got and i am doing good	i have two dogs and a cat
PERSONAZHAO-000131	hey how are you doing today ?	hi . good . just got in from feeding the horses . how are you doing ?	how many animals you got and i am doing good	hello , getting ready to start baking for the bake sale .
PERSONAZHAO-000132	i am really great . just got home from a ride on my bike .	me too , i am a custodian in the daytime and a singer at night .	i am a waitress . it works but i wish i could make more money .	same here , i sing folk music and play the guitar , what do you like ?	my favorite thing is to ride my motorcycle . i don't even have a car .	when i make it big one day , i'll buy the car of my dreams
PERSONAZHAO-000133	i am really great . just got home from a ride on my bike .	me too , i am a custodian in the daytime and a singer at night .	i am a waitress . it works but i wish i could make more money .	same here , i sing folk music and play the guitar , what do you like ?	my favorite thing is to ride my motorcycle . i don't even have a car .	i don't have a car , i ride my bike everywhere !
PERSONAZHAO-000134	i am really great . just got home from a ride on my bike .	me too , i am a custodian in the daytime and a singer at night .	i am a waitress . it works but i wish i could make more money .	same here , i sing folk music and play the guitar , what do you like ?	my favorite thing is to ride my motorcycle . i don't even have a car .	i'm a blogger , what do you like to do ?
PERSONAZHAO-000135	i am really great . just got home from a ride on my bike .	me too , i am a custodian in the daytime and a singer at night .	i am a waitress . it works but i wish i could make more money .	same here , i sing folk music and play the guitar , what do you like ?	my favorite thing is to ride my motorcycle . i don't even have a car .	i like reading . i like the twilight series .
PERSONAZHAO-000136	i am really great . just got home from a ride on my bike .	me too , i am a custodian in the daytime and a singer at night .	i am a waitress . it works but i wish i could make more money .	same here , i sing folk music and play the guitar , what do you like ?	my favorite thing is to ride my motorcycle . i don't even have a car .	i like driving a big car do you go to shows ?
PERSONAZHAO-000137	i am really great . just got home from a ride on my bike .	me too , i am a custodian in the daytime and a singer at night .	i am a waitress . it works but i wish i could make more money .	same here , i sing folk music and play the guitar , what do you like ?	my favorite thing is to ride my motorcycle . i don't even have a car .	are you passing away or something
PERSONAZHAO-000138	hello , how are you today ?	i'm great . just got done with my run . and you ?	i'm good , i love to eat chocolate !	me too ! i do not eat any meat though	why not ? i'm 4 years old	my husband says that it is not healthy for us .
PERSONAZHAO-000139	hello , how are you today ?	i'm great . just got done with my run . and you ?	i'm good , i love to eat chocolate !	me too ! i do not eat any meat though	why not ? i'm 4 years old	i'm trying to be a vegetarian . i love meat .
PERSONAZHAO-000140	hello , how are you today ?	i'm great . just got done with my run . and you ?	i'm good , i love to eat chocolate !	me too ! i do not eat any meat though	why not ? i'm 4 years old	i'm trying to lose weight . i love running
PERSONAZHAO-000141	hello , how are you today ?	i'm great . just got done with my run . and you ?	i'm good , i love to eat chocolate !	me too ! i do not eat any meat though	why not ? i'm 4 years old	i do not know . i am not really a fan of them .
PERSONAZHAO-000142	hello , how are you today ?	i'm great . just got done with my run . and you ?	i'm good , i love to eat chocolate !	me too ! i do not eat any meat though	why not ? i'm 4 years old	i do not know . i am not sure if i do that .
PERSONAZHAO-000143	hello , how are you today ?	i'm great . just got done with my run . and you ?	i'm good , i love to eat chocolate !	me too ! i do not eat any meat though	why not ? i'm 4 years old	i've a lot of grand kids and great grand kids . i am 100 after all
PERSONAZHAO-000144	hello , how are you this evening ?	i'm good . hope you are having a great evening	i am ! i was just out walking my dogs .	i am watching my girlfriends dog . a chihuahua . she's a nervous kond of animal
PERSONAZHAO-000145	hello , how are you this evening ?	i'm good . hope you are having a great evening	i am ! i was just out walking my dogs .	i love dogs . i've two and love to play with them .
PERSONAZHAO-000146	hello , how are you this evening ?	i'm good . hope you are having a great evening	i am ! i was just out walking my dogs .	i love dogs . i have one named radar
PERSONAZHAO-000147	hello , how are you this evening ?	i'm good . hope you are having a great evening	i am ! i was just out walking my dogs .	i love dogs ! i have a dog named toto
PERSONAZHAO-000148	hello , how are you this evening ?	i'm good . hope you are having a great evening	i am ! i was just out walking my dogs .	i love dogs ! i've a dog .
PERSONAZHAO-000149	hello , how are you this evening ?	i'm good . hope you are having a great evening	i am ! i was just out walking my dogs .	i paint in my free time because my family will not visit .
PERSONAZHAO-000150	no one would want to live forever . it would be quite boring .	you know i remember when plays were just like tv and people went of for entertainment	that was a much better world . i do not like all of this electronics	sure was back in my day wine food and family , and dancing until night fall	that is the way things need to get back to .	that is true let me tell you something . . spend as much time as you can with family
PERSONAZHAO-000151	no one would want to live forever . it would be quite boring .	you know i remember when plays were just like tv and people went of for entertainment	that was a much better world . i do not like all of this electronics	sure was back in my day wine food and family , and dancing until night fall	that is the way things need to get back to .	yes , i know , i know , i know , i know , i know , i know
PERSONAZHAO-000152	no one would want to live forever . it would be quite boring .	you know i remember when plays were just like tv and people went of for entertainment	that was a much better world . i do not like all of this electronics	sure was back in my day wine food and family , and dancing until night fall	that is the way things need to get back to .	yes , i agree , and it is just more and better things
PERSONAZHAO-000153	no one would want to live forever . it would be quite boring .	you know i remember when plays were just like tv and people went of for entertainment	that was a much better world . i do not like all of this electronics	sure was back in my day wine food and family , and dancing until night fall	that is the way things need to get back to .	yeah try . we should try that out !
PERSONAZHAO-000154	no one would want to live forever . it would be quite boring .	you know i remember when plays were just like tv and people went of for entertainment	that was a much better world . i do not like all of this electronics	sure was back in my day wine food and family , and dancing until night fall	that is the way things need to get back to .	yeah now . time at work , what do you do ?
PERSONAZHAO-000155	no one would want to live forever . it would be quite boring .	you know i remember when plays were just like tv and people went of for entertainment	that was a much better world . i do not like all of this electronics	sure was back in my day wine food and family , and dancing until night fall	that is the way things need to get back to .	that sounds busy . my life is more laid back now that i don't work .
PERSONAZHAO-000156	yes , our shop sells watches . i help with repairs .	very nice . maybe i'll stop in sometime .	i would like to meet you ! do you enjoy shopping ?	i do enjoy shopping , as i think many women do . i must get going now .	it was nice talking to you !	nice talking . have a good day .
PERSONAZHAO-000157	yes , our shop sells watches . i help with repairs .	very nice . maybe i'll stop in sometime .	i would like to meet you ! do you enjoy shopping ?	i do enjoy shopping , as i think many women do . i must get going now .	it was nice talking to you !	me , too . have a good day !
PERSONAZHAO-000158	yes , our shop sells watches . i help with repairs .	very nice . maybe i'll stop in sometime .	i would like to meet you ! do you enjoy shopping ?	i do enjoy shopping , as i think many women do . i must get going now .	it was nice talking to you !	same here . i hope you have a great day .
PERSONAZHAO-000159	yes , our shop sells watches . i help with repairs .	very nice . maybe i'll stop in sometime .	i would like to meet you ! do you enjoy shopping ?	i do enjoy shopping , as i think many women do . i must get going now .	it was nice talking to you !	you too . i am glad you have a good day .
PERSONAZHAO-000160	yes , our shop sells watches . i help with repairs .	very nice . maybe i'll stop in sometime .	i would like to meet you ! do you enjoy shopping ?	i do enjoy shopping , as i think many women do . i must get going now .	it was nice talking to you !	same to you . have anyone gone with your friend outside ?
PERSONAZHAO-000161	yes , our shop sells watches . i help with repairs .	very nice . maybe i'll stop in sometime .	i would like to meet you ! do you enjoy shopping ?	i do enjoy shopping , as i think many women do . i must get going now .	it was nice talking to you !	i like drinking rum but not with soda anymore .
PERSONAZHAO-000162	hi , i'm am very good	have you been up to much this weekend ?	i went to soccer practice , i've game coming up	oh , good luck i hope you win !	thanks you ! how has your weekend been ?	not very busy , mostly been surfing the internet
PERSONAZHAO-000163	hi , i'm am very good	have you been up to much this weekend ?	i went to soccer practice , i've game coming up	oh , good luck i hope you win !	thanks you ! how has your weekend been ?	its been good , just went for a ride in my bmw to do some shopping .
PERSONAZHAO-000164	hi , i'm am very good	have you been up to much this weekend ?	i went to soccer practice , i've game coming up	oh , good luck i hope you win !	thanks you ! how has your weekend been ?	good , it has been great . i have been spending time with my kids
PERSONAZHAO-000165	hi , i'm am very good	have you been up to much this weekend ?	i went to soccer practice , i've game coming up	oh , good luck i hope you win !	thanks you ! how has your weekend been ?	good , just got back from the gym .
PERSONAZHAO-000166	hi , i'm am very good	have you been up to much this weekend ?	i went to soccer practice , i've game coming up	oh , good luck i hope you win !	thanks you ! how has your weekend been ?	good , been working on a garden for now . how about yours ?
PERSONAZHAO-000167	hi , i'm am very good	have you been up to much this weekend ?	i went to soccer practice , i've game coming up	oh , good luck i hope you win !	thanks you ! how has your weekend been ?	its a lot of work but fun too . what do you do for fun ?
PERSONAZHAO-000168	hello ! how are you today ?	my favorite type of music is from the south
PERSONAZHAO-000169	hello ! how are you today ?	i'm doing well , how about yourself ?
PERSONAZHAO-000170	hello ! how are you today ?	i am good . just got back from a run . you ?
PERSONAZHAO-000171	hello ! how are you today ?	i am good . just got back from the gym .
PERSONAZHAO-000172	hello ! how are you today ?	i am good . just got back from a run . how are you ?
PERSONAZHAO-000173	hello ! how are you today ?	yuck ! animals for food ! phooey !
PERSONAZHAO-000174	hello friend , how are you today	fine thank you lovely night where having .
PERSONAZHAO-000175	hello friend , how are you today	i'm doing well , how about yourself ?
PERSONAZHAO-000176	hello friend , how are you today	i am good . just got back from a run . you ?
PERSONAZHAO-000177	hello friend , how are you today	i'm good ! i am currently searching for a new job
PERSONAZHAO-000178	hello friend , how are you today	i am good . how are you ?
PERSONAZHAO-000179	hello friend , how are you today	wow lol ! stick to sports ! i play soccer !
PERSONAZHAO-000180	hello , there ! having a good day ?	hello ! i'm having an okay day . how about you ?
PERSONAZHAO-000181	hello , there ! having a good day ?	i'm doing great ! how are you ?
PERSONAZHAO-000182	hello , there ! having a good day ?	yes it is my day off . just finished work . you ?
PERSONAZHAO-000183	hello , there ! having a good day ?	hi , it is going great ! hard to eat a salad daily today and just do it now .
PERSONAZHAO-000184	hello , there ! having a good day ?	it is good . i just got back from the gym .
PERSONAZHAO-000185	hello , there ! having a good day ?	hello . do you live in united states ?
PERSONAZHAO-000186	i do , my parents are very wealthy .	that s awesome , what do they do for work .	they work as big bankers .	that s cool , is that what you wanna do as well ?	yes i think that's what i'll be doing .	best of luck to you in business .
PERSONAZHAO-000187	i do , my parents are very wealthy .	that s awesome , what do they do for work .	they work as big bankers .	that s cool , is that what you wanna do as well ?	yes i think that's what i'll be doing .	yea , i as well . i want to open a restaurant named the wall .
PERSONAZHAO-000188	i do , my parents are very wealthy .	that s awesome , what do they do for work .	they work as big bankers .	that s cool , is that what you wanna do as well ?	yes i think that's what i'll be doing .	i don t know , i just like to play video games .
PERSONAZHAO-000189	i do , my parents are very wealthy .	that s awesome , what do they do for work .	they work as big bankers .	that s cool , is that what you wanna do as well ?	yes i think that's what i'll be doing .	i am sure you are a great person .
PERSONAZHAO-000190	i do , my parents are very wealthy .	that s awesome , what do they do for work .	they work as big bankers .	that s cool , is that what you wanna do as well ?	yes i think that's what i'll be doing .	ll sounds like you are a good day . i fit myself my mind for way but i guess .
PERSONAZHAO-000191	i do , my parents are very wealthy .	that s awesome , what do they do for work .	they work as big bankers .	that s cool , is that what you wanna do as well ?	yes i think that's what i'll be doing .	yes they're ! that is one reason i like them . and they're furry !
PERSONAZHAO-000192	sure is . it is right up there with winter . love winter .	it is a great time of year	so do you have other hobbies ?	i play the piano sometimes	i love piano music . do you play jazz ?	i do sometimes for fun
PERSONAZHAO-000193	sure is . it is right up there with winter . love winter .	it is a great time of year	so do you have other hobbies ?	i play the piano sometimes	i love piano music . do you play jazz ?	i don't . i'm more into pop
PERSONAZHAO-000194	sure is . it is right up there with winter . love winter .	it is a great time of year	so do you have other hobbies ?	i play the piano sometimes	i love piano music . do you play jazz ?	i don't . i like country though
PERSONAZHAO-000195	sure is . it is right up there with winter . love winter .	it is a great time of year	so do you have other hobbies ?	i play the piano sometimes	i love piano music . do you play jazz ?	i do but i do not play anything
PERSONAZHAO-000196	sure is . it is right up there with winter . love winter .	it is a great time of year	so do you have other hobbies ?	i play the piano sometimes	i love piano music . do you play jazz ?	no , i do not . i am a musician .
PERSONAZHAO-000197	sure is . it is right up there with winter . love winter .	it is a great time of year	so do you have other hobbies ?	i play the piano sometimes	i love piano music . do you play jazz ?	you must have a lot of friends .
PERSONAZHAO-000198	hi , how are you doing today ?	great just finished watching a documentary with my husband	i'm a teacher ! love documentaries ! what was it about ?	me too ! they're my favorite . was watching taxi to the dark side	i've never seen that . i will have to check it out .	it is very well made , i usually read a lot but love documentaries
PERSONAZHAO-000199	hi , how are you doing today ?	great just finished watching a documentary with my husband	i'm a teacher ! love documentaries ! what was it about ?	me too ! they're my favorite . was watching taxi to the dark side	i've never seen that . i will have to check it out .	it was very sad and heart wrenching
PERSONAZHAO-000200	hi , how are you doing today ?	great just finished watching a documentary with my husband	i'm a teacher ! love documentaries ! what was it about ?	me too ! they're my favorite . was watching taxi to the dark side	i've never seen that . i will have to check it out .	it is really entertaining . do you have any hobbies ?
PERSONAZHAO-000201	hi , how are you doing today ?	great just finished watching a documentary with my husband	i'm a teacher ! love documentaries ! what was it about ?	me too ! they're my favorite . was watching taxi to the dark side	i've never seen that . i will have to check it out .	i am a personal trainer so i don't have much time for that
PERSONAZHAO-000202	hi , how are you doing today ?	great just finished watching a documentary with my husband	i'm a teacher ! love documentaries ! what was it about ?	me too ! they're my favorite . was watching taxi to the dark side	i've never seen that . i will have to check it out .	its a great show . i love it .
PERSONAZHAO-000203	hi , how are you doing today ?	great just finished watching a documentary with my husband	i'm a teacher ! love documentaries ! what was it about ?	me too ! they're my favorite . was watching taxi to the dark side	i've never seen that . i will have to check it out .	oh definitely ! i am moving next week into a new apartment with my boyfriend
PERSONAZHAO-000204	hi , how are things going today ?	hi , pretty well ! how are you doing today ?
PERSONAZHAO-000205	hi , how are things going today ?	i'm doing pretty well on this rainy day
PERSONAZHAO-000206	hi , how are things going today ?	hi ! great ! just got back from a long haul . how are you ?
PERSONAZHAO-000207	hi , how are things going today ?	hi , i am doing well . how are you ?
PERSONAZHAO-000208	hi , how are things going today ?	i am doing well . how are you ?
PERSONAZHAO-000209	hi , how are things going today ?	i sure hope not , they are scary !
PERSONAZHAO-000210	nice . my brother is the hunter in my family . my three sisters and i don't hunt .	do you like the outdoors ?	i like taking my dogs hiking . what do you like to do for fun ?	most any type of outdoor activity , attending sporting events , reading , and cooking .	i like to cook too . tacos are my favorite . what is your favorite food ?	a good steak or fresh crab legs . do you like seafood ?
PERSONAZHAO-000211	nice . my brother is the hunter in my family . my three sisters and i don't hunt .	do you like the outdoors ?	i like taking my dogs hiking . what do you like to do for fun ?	most any type of outdoor activity , attending sporting events , reading , and cooking .	i like to cook too . tacos are my favorite . what is your favorite food ?	i like breakfast . i usually eat pancakes and chicken .
PERSONAZHAO-000212	nice . my brother is the hunter in my family . my three sisters and i don't hunt .	do you like the outdoors ?	i like taking my dogs hiking . what do you like to do for fun ?	most any type of outdoor activity , attending sporting events , reading , and cooking .	i like to cook too . tacos are my favorite . what is your favorite food ?	i like all types of cuisine from home cooked food to homemade vegetarian meals .
PERSONAZHAO-000213	nice . my brother is the hunter in my family . my three sisters and i don't hunt .	do you like the outdoors ?	i like taking my dogs hiking . what do you like to do for fun ?	most any type of outdoor activity , attending sporting events , reading , and cooking .	i like to cook too . tacos are my favorite . what is your favorite food ?	i love mexican food . i am a vegetarian .
PERSONAZHAO-000214	nice . my brother is the hunter in my family . my three sisters and i don't hunt .	do you like the outdoors ?	i like taking my dogs hiking . what do you like to do for fun ?	most any type of outdoor activity , attending sporting events , reading , and cooking .	i like to cook too . tacos are my favorite . what is your favorite food ?	i like pizza and my mom cooks for me
PERSONAZHAO-000215	nice . my brother is the hunter in my family . my three sisters and i don't hunt .	do you like the outdoors ?	i like taking my dogs hiking . what do you like to do for fun ?	most any type of outdoor activity , attending sporting events , reading , and cooking .	i like to cook too . tacos are my favorite . what is your favorite food ?	social media site . like a cross between facebook messenger and face time .
PERSONAZHAO-000216	my dad was a door to door kind of sales person until he finished law school	that's cool . right now , i spend my time with my hobbies roller coasters and skydiving .	i tend to go out alot since i am in a open poly relationship	i am too ! my partners love to go swimming , but i am awful at it .	i love swimming and skinny dipping lol	i prefer my roller coasters and thrills .
PERSONAZHAO-000217	my dad was a door to door kind of sales person until he finished law school	that's cool . right now , i spend my time with my hobbies roller coasters and skydiving .	i tend to go out alot since i am in a open poly relationship	i am too ! my partners love to go swimming , but i am awful at it .	i love swimming and skinny dipping lol	i am also great at baking !
PERSONAZHAO-000218	my dad was a door to door kind of sales person until he finished law school	that's cool . right now , i spend my time with my hobbies roller coasters and skydiving .	i tend to go out alot since i am in a open poly relationship	i am too ! my partners love to go swimming , but i am awful at it .	i love swimming and skinny dipping lol	i watch a lot of ted talks . it is a must for the polyamorous person .
PERSONAZHAO-000219	my dad was a door to door kind of sales person until he finished law school	that's cool . right now , i spend my time with my hobbies roller coasters and skydiving .	i tend to go out alot since i am in a open poly relationship	i am too ! my partners love to go swimming , but i am awful at it .	i love swimming and skinny dipping lol	i am a <unk> . my daughters and i do not like to go out .
PERSONAZHAO-000220	my dad was a door to door kind of sales person until he finished law school	that's cool . right now , i spend my time with my hobbies roller coasters and skydiving .	i tend to go out alot since i am in a open poly relationship	i am too ! my partners love to go swimming , but i am awful at it .	i love swimming and skinny dipping lol	i love the color green . i also love to read .
PERSONAZHAO-000221	my dad was a door to door kind of sales person until he finished law school	that's cool . right now , i spend my time with my hobbies roller coasters and skydiving .	i tend to go out alot since i am in a open poly relationship	i am too ! my partners love to go swimming , but i am awful at it .	i love swimming and skinny dipping lol	fun . wow , the years have flown . television didn't exist when i was a kid .
PERSONAZHAO-000222	hi , how are you ? i'm busy .	fine . i'm emma . i'm four .	i'm much older .
PERSONAZHAO-000223	hi , how are you ? i'm busy .	fine . i'm emma . i'm four .	i love my grandchildren . i barely have them all .
PERSONAZHAO-000224	hi , how are you ? i'm busy .	fine . i'm emma . i'm four .	i'm a four year old girl . i'm a college student .
PERSONAZHAO-000225	hi , how are you ? i'm busy .	fine . i'm emma . i'm four .	i have a lot of friends . i have a lot of friends .
PERSONAZHAO-000226	hi , how are you ? i'm busy .	fine . i'm emma . i'm four .	oh nice ! i'm a twin and i love being a video games stylist .
PERSONAZHAO-000227	hi , how are you ? i'm busy .	fine . i'm emma . i'm four .	hello paula . nice to meet you
PERSONAZHAO-000228	that is nice where are you in particular	usa , they have good fish and chips here , which i love to eat !	i live in a small town so i don't travel much	travelling is great , i've been on many cruises	that is fun i live on a horse farm	horses can be a lot of hard work . i am retired , trying to avoid work .
PERSONAZHAO-000229	that is nice where are you in particular	usa , they have good fish and chips here , which i love to eat !	i live in a small town so i don't travel much	travelling is great , i've been on many cruises	that is fun i live on a horse farm	nice ! i actually love chips , i wish i eat chips .
PERSONAZHAO-000230	that is nice where are you in particular	usa , they have good fish and chips here , which i love to eat !	i live in a small town so i don't travel much	travelling is great , i've been on many cruises	that is fun i live on a horse farm	i live alone due to my many hospital visits
PERSONAZHAO-000231	that is nice where are you in particular	usa , they have good fish and chips here , which i love to eat !	i live in a small town so i don't travel much	travelling is great , i've been on many cruises	that is fun i live on a horse farm	i still walk my long bicycle but i am still high
PERSONAZHAO-000232	that is nice where are you in particular	usa , they have good fish and chips here , which i love to eat !	i live in a small town so i don't travel much	travelling is great , i've been on many cruises	that is fun i live on a horse farm	i live on a farm so i do not have time for horses
PERSONAZHAO-000233	that is nice where are you in particular	usa , they have good fish and chips here , which i love to eat !	i live in a small town so i don't travel much	travelling is great , i've been on many cruises	that is fun i live on a horse farm	are you as fired up about winter coming as i'm ?
PERSONAZHAO-000234	awesome ! i am going to college to become a physical therapist .	same when i can get my parents of my back	we should meet sometime ! after college !	yes sounds like a great plan	are you still in high school ?	no i'm not . i'm in real life a music teacher
PERSONAZHAO-000235	awesome ! i am going to college to become a physical therapist .	same when i can get my parents of my back	we should meet sometime ! after college !	yes sounds like a great plan	are you still in high school ?	yes i am i am a fresh out of college
PERSONAZHAO-000236	awesome ! i am going to college to become a physical therapist .	same when i can get my parents of my back	we should meet sometime ! after college !	yes sounds like a great plan	are you still in high school ?	yes i am in high school right now
PERSONAZHAO-000237	awesome ! i am going to college to become a physical therapist .	same when i can get my parents of my back	we should meet sometime ! after college !	yes sounds like a great plan	are you still in high school ?	no i still reside for a living
PERSONAZHAO-000238	awesome ! i am going to college to become a physical therapist .	same when i can get my parents of my back	we should meet sometime ! after college !	yes sounds like a great plan	are you still in high school ?	no , i am in school .
PERSONAZHAO-000239	awesome ! i am going to college to become a physical therapist .	same when i can get my parents of my back	we should meet sometime ! after college !	yes sounds like a great plan	are you still in high school ?	i am good , that is pretty cool . where do you work ?
PERSONAZHAO-000240	not right now there are complaints with my pregnancy first one	oh , i always wear a helmet to protect my head . what do you do for a living ?	housewife , every week i read books	i see , i waitress during the day to help supplement my income . do you like tanning	i'd love too but very far from sun	i don't tan , i have very light skin with big brown eyes .
PERSONAZHAO-000241	not right now there are complaints with my pregnancy first one	oh , i always wear a helmet to protect my head . what do you do for a living ?	housewife , every week i read books	i see , i waitress during the day to help supplement my income . do you like tanning	i'd love too but very far from sun	yeah , i'm not fond of the cold , but i'm glad it does not effect me .
PERSONAZHAO-000242	not right now there are complaints with my pregnancy first one	oh , i always wear a helmet to protect my head . what do you do for a living ?	housewife , every week i read books	i see , i waitress during the day to help supplement my income . do you like tanning	i'd love too but very far from sun	i've to shave my super long beard before i start . do you have any hobbies ?
PERSONAZHAO-000243	not right now there are complaints with my pregnancy first one	oh , i always wear a helmet to protect my head . what do you do for a living ?	housewife , every week i read books	i see , i waitress during the day to help supplement my income . do you like tanning	i'd love too but very far from sun	it is pretty . i want to go to the beach but it is not so cold
PERSONAZHAO-000244	not right now there are complaints with my pregnancy first one	oh , i always wear a helmet to protect my head . what do you do for a living ?	housewife , every week i read books	i see , i waitress during the day to help supplement my income . do you like tanning	i'd love too but very far from sun	that is nice . i would love to visit there .
PERSONAZHAO-000245	not right now there are complaints with my pregnancy first one	oh , i always wear a helmet to protect my head . what do you do for a living ?	housewife , every week i read books	i see , i waitress during the day to help supplement my income . do you like tanning	i'd love too but very far from sun	i am playing my favorite game
PERSONAZHAO-000246	that's so cute girl or boy	we had a boy named taylor	awww that is nice what do you do for a living	i work in a vegan restaurant	that is nice i have a dog walking company	that would be really great
PERSONAZHAO-000247	that's so cute girl or boy	we had a boy named taylor	awww that is nice what do you do for a living	i work in a vegan restaurant	that is nice i have a dog walking company	i also work in the hospital
PERSONAZHAO-000248	that's so cute girl or boy	we had a boy named taylor	awww that is nice what do you do for a living	i work in a vegan restaurant	that is nice i have a dog walking company	i am a full time student and volunteer at a dog shelter
PERSONAZHAO-000249	that's so cute girl or boy	we had a boy named taylor	awww that is nice what do you do for a living	i work in a vegan restaurant	that is nice i have a dog walking company	i love to sew and go to the beach
PERSONAZHAO-000250	that's so cute girl or boy	we had a boy named taylor	awww that is nice what do you do for a living	i work in a vegan restaurant	that is nice i have a dog walking company	i want to dorm next year .
PERSONAZHAO-000251	that's so cute girl or boy	we had a boy named taylor	awww that is nice what do you do for a living	i work in a vegan restaurant	that is nice i have a dog walking company	i'm a stunt double
PERSONAZHAO-000252	hi my name is jill how are you today ?	i am doing well . about to go to my job at burger king .	what do you do there at burger king ?
PERSONAZHAO-000253	hi my name is jill how are you today ?	i am doing well . about to go to my job at burger king .	i love burger king ! i work at a burger spot so i eat there all the time !
PERSONAZHAO-000254	hi my name is jill how are you today ?	i am doing well . about to go to my job at burger king .	burger king ? i'm going to work there as a barista
PERSONAZHAO-000255	hi my name is jill how are you today ?	i am doing well . about to go to my job at burger king .	i love to eat , i am a vegetarian
PERSONAZHAO-000256	hi my name is jill how are you today ?	i am doing well . about to go to my job at burger king .	i love burger king ! <unk> ?
PERSONAZHAO-000257	hi my name is jill how are you today ?	i am doing well . about to go to my job at burger king .	i am suppose to be , but i use my super powers to stop time and not go .
PERSONAZHAO-000258	hello ! how are you today !	hello there , i am feeling good and like i might never die . how are you ?	my older brother says the same exact phrase ! ! haha i am doing alright just finished soccer	nice ! after a busy day of soccer you should unwind with some wine .	i may . i just took the bus back from school and now have homework
PERSONAZHAO-000259	hello ! how are you today !	hello there , i am feeling good and like i might never die . how are you ?	my older brother says the same exact phrase ! ! haha i am doing alright just finished soccer	nice ! after a busy day of soccer you should unwind with some wine .	i do ! i like to listen to justin bieber !
PERSONAZHAO-000260	hello ! how are you today !	hello there , i am feeling good and like i might never die . how are you ?	my older brother says the same exact phrase ! ! haha i am doing alright just finished soccer	nice ! after a busy day of soccer you should unwind with some wine .	nice ! i do ballet and have to be careful i do not drink .
PERSONAZHAO-000261	hello ! how are you today !	hello there , i am feeling good and like i might never die . how are you ?	my older brother says the same exact phrase ! ! haha i am doing alright just finished soccer	nice ! after a busy day of soccer you should unwind with some wine .	i'd love to . i also love to read and write poetry
PERSONAZHAO-000262	hello ! how are you today !	hello there , i am feeling good and like i might never die . how are you ?	my older brother says the same exact phrase ! ! haha i am doing alright just finished soccer	nice ! after a busy day of soccer you should unwind with some wine .	i love to cook , but i am not a fan of it .
PERSONAZHAO-000263	hello ! how are you today !	hello there , i am feeling good and like i might never die . how are you ?	my older brother says the same exact phrase ! ! haha i am doing alright just finished soccer	nice ! after a busy day of soccer you should unwind with some wine .	i want to move out . i am drug and booze free though .
PERSONAZHAO-000264	i am skinny , like staying in shape	glad you understand how i feel . what do you do ?	i enjoy listening to music , and playing video games	i'm skinny too , it makes me feel good	awesome , very cool and neat	me too , video games are great
PERSONAZHAO-000265	i am skinny , like staying in shape	glad you understand how i feel . what do you do ?	i enjoy listening to music , and playing video games	i'm skinny too , it makes me feel good	awesome , very cool and neat	i like to eat healthy too , i'm a vegetarian
PERSONAZHAO-000266	i am skinny , like staying in shape	glad you understand how i feel . what do you do ?	i enjoy listening to music , and playing video games	i'm skinny too , it makes me feel good	awesome , very cool and neat	i have a cat , do you have any pets ?
PERSONAZHAO-000267	i am skinny , like staying in shape	glad you understand how i feel . what do you do ?	i enjoy listening to music , and playing video games	i'm skinny too , it makes me feel good	awesome , very cool and neat	i like to be around people . i also love to read
PERSONAZHAO-000268	i am skinny , like staying in shape	glad you understand how i feel . what do you do ?	i enjoy listening to music , and playing video games	i'm skinny too , it makes me feel good	awesome , very cool and neat	i also like to read .
PERSONAZHAO-000269	i am skinny , like staying in shape	glad you understand how i feel . what do you do ?	i enjoy listening to music , and playing video games	i'm skinny too , it makes me feel good	awesome , very cool and neat	thank you . how did you end up a librarian ?
PERSONAZHAO-000270	clowns don't though , they scare me .	yeah do your old parents scare you ?	no , but my dad keeps setting me up on blind dates .	or does the clown trauma scare you from being a kid ?	i did have a traumatic experience about that .	yeah ? wow crazy , hope it gets better
PERSONAZHAO-000271	clowns don't though , they scare me .	yeah do your old parents scare you ?	no , but my dad keeps setting me up on blind dates .	or does the clown trauma scare you from being a kid ?	i did have a traumatic experience about that .	yeah you had a bad experience
PERSONAZHAO-000272	clowns don't though , they scare me .	yeah do your old parents scare you ?	no , but my dad keeps setting me up on blind dates .	or does the clown trauma scare you from being a kid ?	i did have a traumatic experience about that .	that does sound scary . i would have loved to have gone to a clown show once ?
PERSONAZHAO-000273	clowns don't though , they scare me .	yeah do your old parents scare you ?	no , but my dad keeps setting me up on blind dates .	or does the clown trauma scare you from being a kid ?	i did have a traumatic experience about that .	i see . i was a orphan . i was a slave for a few years .
PERSONAZHAO-000274	clowns don't though , they scare me .	yeah do your old parents scare you ?	no , but my dad keeps setting me up on blind dates .	or does the clown trauma scare you from being a kid ?	i did have a traumatic experience about that .	no point when i'm famous . its just my son . apparently i paint after he does .
PERSONAZHAO-000275	clowns don't though , they scare me .	yeah do your old parents scare you ?	no , but my dad keeps setting me up on blind dates .	or does the clown trauma scare you from being a kid ?	i did have a traumatic experience about that .	a teacher , or maybe a librarian . do you like being a librarian ?
PERSONAZHAO-000276	that sounds like it will pay well	i really do hope so	what is your favorite food ?	i like taco bell a lot , you ?	oh i love taco bell , don't get me started ! i'm settling for a hamburger now	right , those are the best
PERSONAZHAO-000277	that sounds like it will pay well	i really do hope so	what is your favorite food ?	i like taco bell a lot , you ?	oh i love taco bell , don't get me started ! i'm settling for a hamburger now	i'm not a fan of hamburgers
PERSONAZHAO-000278	that sounds like it will pay well	i really do hope so	what is your favorite food ?	i like taco bell a lot , you ?	oh i love taco bell , don't get me started ! i'm settling for a hamburger now	i like to eat meat , especially tacos
PERSONAZHAO-000279	that sounds like it will pay well	i really do hope so	what is your favorite food ?	i like taco bell a lot , you ?	oh i love taco bell , don't get me started ! i'm settling for a hamburger now	i like tacos , i like to make it
PERSONAZHAO-000280	that sounds like it will pay well	i really do hope so	what is your favorite food ?	i like taco bell a lot , you ?	oh i love taco bell , don't get me started ! i'm settling for a hamburger now	i like nachos too . i like to eat pizza .
PERSONAZHAO-000281	that sounds like it will pay well	i really do hope so	what is your favorite food ?	i like taco bell a lot , you ?	oh i love taco bell , don't get me started ! i'm settling for a hamburger now	hi . i'm a chess playing dude past thirty in age , and have less than three dogs .
PERSONAZHAO-000282	oh wow how old are they	5 7 and 9 . we also have a dog that i enjoy walking	those are good ages what kind of dog do you have	he is a golden retriever . do you play sports ?	i play basketball what about you	i used to play tennis professionally .
PERSONAZHAO-000283	oh wow how old are they	5 7 and 9 . we also have a dog that i enjoy walking	those are good ages what kind of dog do you have	he is a golden retriever . do you play sports ?	i play basketball what about you	i don't play any sports . i like to read
PERSONAZHAO-000284	oh wow how old are they	5 7 and 9 . we also have a dog that i enjoy walking	those are good ages what kind of dog do you have	he is a golden retriever . do you play sports ?	i play basketball what about you	i don't play any sports . i am a stay at home mom
PERSONAZHAO-000285	oh wow how old are they	5 7 and 9 . we also have a dog that i enjoy walking	those are good ages what kind of dog do you have	he is a golden retriever . do you play sports ?	i play basketball what about you	no , sports stores , that's like my love .
PERSONAZHAO-000286	oh wow how old are they	5 7 and 9 . we also have a dog that i enjoy walking	those are good ages what kind of dog do you have	he is a golden retriever . do you play sports ?	i play basketball what about you	i like to play basketball
PERSONAZHAO-000287	oh wow how old are they	5 7 and 9 . we also have a dog that i enjoy walking	those are good ages what kind of dog do you have	he is a golden retriever . do you play sports ?	i play basketball what about you	i like to eat mexican food
PERSONAZHAO-000288	once a fan always a fan .	of course . when i go to school i take the school bus	i just walk or sometimes ride a bike .	that is better for the environment ! good for you	you simply have to nurture nature .	you really do ! it is very important
PERSONAZHAO-000289	once a fan always a fan .	of course . when i go to school i take the school bus	i just walk or sometimes ride a bike .	that is better for the environment ! good for you	you simply have to nurture nature .	yeah , nirvana are the perfect for that
PERSONAZHAO-000290	once a fan always a fan .	of course . when i go to school i take the school bus	i just walk or sometimes ride a bike .	that is better for the environment ! good for you	you simply have to nurture nature .	i agree . i just don't like people .
PERSONAZHAO-000291	once a fan always a fan .	of course . when i go to school i take the school bus	i just walk or sometimes ride a bike .	that is better for the environment ! good for you	you simply have to nurture nature .	i think so . i am a good cook
PERSONAZHAO-000292	once a fan always a fan .	of course . when i go to school i take the school bus	i just walk or sometimes ride a bike .	that is better for the environment ! good for you	you simply have to nurture nature .	do you like animals at all ?
PERSONAZHAO-000293	once a fan always a fan .	of course . when i go to school i take the school bus	i just walk or sometimes ride a bike .	that is better for the environment ! good for you	you simply have to nurture nature .	now i have more freedom knowing i am now in the states
PERSONAZHAO-000294	hello from manhattan ! how are you this morning ?	great . hello from florida ? what you are up to this morning ?
PERSONAZHAO-000295	hello from manhattan ! how are you this morning ?	i'm doing well , and yourself ?
PERSONAZHAO-000296	hello from manhattan ! how are you this morning ?	i was born in the manhattan , and i love sketching characters as a child !
PERSONAZHAO-000297	hello from manhattan ! how are you this morning ?	i'm doing good study my school came in high school .
PERSONAZHAO-000298	hello from manhattan ! how are you this morning ?	i'm great . how are you ?
PERSONAZHAO-000299	hello from manhattan ! how are you this morning ?	haha it is a dirty job .
PERSONAZHAO-000300	hello . how has your day been ?	wonderful ! how has yours been ?	i've been watching football	i'm not a fan of football	why are you not a fan
PERSONAZHAO-000301	hello . how has your day been ?	wonderful ! how has yours been ?	i've been watching football	i'm not a fan of football	that's too bad . is your family supportive ?
PERSONAZHAO-000302	hello . how has your day been ?	wonderful ! how has yours been ?	i've been watching football	i'm not a fan of football	that's too bad . i love the steelers .
PERSONAZHAO-000303	hello . how has your day been ?	wonderful ! how has yours been ?	i've been watching football	i'm not a fan of football	it is a team . what is your favorite color ?
PERSONAZHAO-000304	hello . how has your day been ?	wonderful ! how has yours been ?	i've been watching football	i'm not a fan of football	i'm not a poet . i'm a pro basketball player . pet pet .
PERSONAZHAO-000305	hello . how has your day been ?	wonderful ! how has yours been ?	i've been watching football	i'm not a fan of football	i like the drums a lot
PERSONAZHAO-000306	do you have a dog , i bet if so he would enjoy a ride .	allergic ! by working from home i do get to take a lot of cool rides though	are you allergic to fish , i've one , his name is nemo	fish are friends ! i love talking to my fish ! !	my sister has a fish , his name is shark bate	cute name . working from home would give you more time with fish friends !
PERSONAZHAO-000307	do you have a dog , i bet if so he would enjoy a ride .	allergic ! by working from home i do get to take a lot of cool rides though	are you allergic to fish , i've one , his name is nemo	fish are friends ! i love talking to my fish ! !	my sister has a fish , his name is shark bate	cool , sharks are my favorite animal . what is yours ?
PERSONAZHAO-000308	do you have a dog , i bet if so he would enjoy a ride .	allergic ! by working from home i do get to take a lot of cool rides though	are you allergic to fish , i've one , his name is nemo	fish are friends ! i love talking to my fish ! !	my sister has a fish , his name is shark bate	shark ? ! that's so funny ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
PERSONAZHAO-000309	do you have a dog , i bet if so he would enjoy a ride .	allergic ! by working from home i do get to take a lot of cool rides though	are you allergic to fish , i've one , his name is nemo	fish are friends ! i love talking to my fish ! !	my sister has a fish , his name is shark bate	nice ! i have a lizard named <unk> . do you have any pets ?
PERSONAZHAO-000310	do you have a dog , i bet if so he would enjoy a ride .	allergic ! by working from home i do get to take a lot of cool rides though	are you allergic to fish , i've one , his name is nemo	fish are friends ! i love talking to my fish ! !	my sister has a fish , his name is shark bate	that's a nice name . do you have any pets ?
PERSONAZHAO-000311	do you have a dog , i bet if so he would enjoy a ride .	allergic ! by working from home i do get to take a lot of cool rides though	are you allergic to fish , i've one , his name is nemo	fish are friends ! i love talking to my fish ! !	my sister has a fish , his name is shark bate	i bought a cute watch the other day ! same one britney spears has !
PERSONAZHAO-000312	hello ! how are you today ?	hi ! i am well just got back from church .
PERSONAZHAO-000313	hello ! how are you today ?	i am good . just got back from a run . you ?
PERSONAZHAO-000314	hello ! how are you today ?	hi ! i'm doing good , thanks , i'm good as well
PERSONAZHAO-000315	hello ! how are you today ?	i'm fine , i just came back from a peaceful walk , you ?
PERSONAZHAO-000316	hello ! how are you today ?	i am good . just got back from a run . how are you ?
PERSONAZHAO-000317	hello ! how are you today ?	good idea , you sound like an amazing human
PERSONAZHAO-000318	wow ! i'm actually pregnant too	yeah but i'm expecting triplets in about 3 months	that is great i am expecting twins in two months . will these be your first kids ?	no , i already have step children , they are a pain .	yikes . i already have great kids	well good for you , i am getting a bigger house now since all the kids
PERSONAZHAO-000319	wow ! i'm actually pregnant too	yeah but i'm expecting triplets in about 3 months	that is great i am expecting twins in two months . will these be your first kids ?	no , i already have step children , they are a pain .	yikes . i already have great kids	5 of them already are and i want more , very manage
PERSONAZHAO-000320	wow ! i'm actually pregnant too	yeah but i'm expecting triplets in about 3 months	that is great i am expecting twins in two months . will these be your first kids ?	no , i already have step children , they are a pain .	yikes . i already have great kids	i am sure they will be . i bet they are beautiful .
PERSONAZHAO-000321	wow ! i'm actually pregnant too	yeah but i'm expecting triplets in about 3 months	that is great i am expecting twins in two months . will these be your first kids ?	no , i already have step children , they are a pain .	yikes . i already have great kids	two dogs love that one enough . 4 kids 3 and 3 you .
PERSONAZHAO-000322	wow ! i'm actually pregnant too	yeah but i'm expecting triplets in about 3 months	that is great i am expecting twins in two months . will these be your first kids ?	no , i already have step children , they are a pain .	yikes . i already have great kids	yes , i like to read . what do you do for fun ?
PERSONAZHAO-000323	wow ! i'm actually pregnant too	yeah but i'm expecting triplets in about 3 months	that is great i am expecting twins in two months . will these be your first kids ?	no , i already have step children , they are a pain .	yikes . i already have great kids	hello ! how has your day been ?
PERSONAZHAO-000324	hi my name is katie i was born in 1982 . what about you ?	hi katie . i just got a job at a gas station and love gardening	that's awesome ! i love to garden too ! what kind of music do you like ?	i prefer rock . how about you ?	i like hip hop , new kids on the block is my favorite .	do you like clowns ? they horrify me !
PERSONAZHAO-000325	hi my name is katie i was born in 1982 . what about you ?	hi katie . i just got a job at a gas station and love gardening	that's awesome ! i love to garden too ! what kind of music do you like ?	i prefer rock . how about you ?	i like hip hop , new kids on the block is my favorite .	i'm into disney princesses and other things i have no idea how to eat , i gardenane
PERSONAZHAO-000326	hi my name is katie i was born in 1982 . what about you ?	hi katie . i just got a job at a gas station and love gardening	that's awesome ! i love to garden too ! what kind of music do you like ?	i prefer rock . how about you ?	i like hip hop , new kids on the block is my favorite .	cool . i like to play the guitar . i'm actually learning how to play the cello
PERSONAZHAO-000327	hi my name is katie i was born in 1982 . what about you ?	hi katie . i just got a job at a gas station and love gardening	that's awesome ! i love to garden too ! what kind of music do you like ?	i prefer rock . how about you ?	i like hip hop , new kids on the block is my favorite .	cool ! i am an older lady who is a mother . what do you do ?
PERSONAZHAO-000328	hi my name is katie i was born in 1982 . what about you ?	hi katie . i just got a job at a gas station and love gardening	that's awesome ! i love to garden too ! what kind of music do you like ?	i prefer rock . how about you ?	i like hip hop , new kids on the block is my favorite .	i like hip hop . i also like to listen to country music .
PERSONAZHAO-000329	hi my name is katie i was born in 1982 . what about you ?	hi katie . i just got a job at a gas station and love gardening	that's awesome ! i love to garden too ! what kind of music do you like ?	i prefer rock . how about you ?	i like hip hop , new kids on the block is my favorite .	i know , sounds unbelievable but its true . i like tacos .
PERSONAZHAO-000330	you sound very like minded , just add some wine	which do you prefer white or red ?	fermented . i prefer well aged and fermented . i could bathe in it !	good choice . i always like a nice dry white wine .	i think i should go grab a bottle now and get some dancing music on	sounds like a good way to enjoy a sunday afternoon .
PERSONAZHAO-000331	you sound very like minded , just add some wine	which do you prefer white or red ?	fermented . i prefer well aged and fermented . i could bathe in it !	good choice . i always like a nice dry white wine .	i think i should go grab a bottle now and get some dancing music on	good advice . you should also try the dry white wine . its very delicious .
PERSONAZHAO-000332	you sound very like minded , just add some wine	which do you prefer white or red ?	fermented . i prefer well aged and fermented . i could bathe in it !	good choice . i always like a nice dry white wine .	i think i should go grab a bottle now and get some dancing music on	good advice . i am an accountant so i have to be home for a few days .
PERSONAZHAO-000333	you sound very like minded , just add some wine	which do you prefer white or red ?	fermented . i prefer well aged and fermented . i could bathe in it !	good choice . i always like a nice dry white wine .	i think i should go grab a bottle now and get some dancing music on	i would love to . i have a black car .
PERSONAZHAO-000334	you sound very like minded , just add some wine	which do you prefer white or red ?	fermented . i prefer well aged and fermented . i could bathe in it !	good choice . i always like a nice dry white wine .	i think i should go grab a bottle now and get some dancing music on	that sounds good . i like listening to country music .
PERSONAZHAO-000335	you sound very like minded , just add some wine	which do you prefer white or red ?	fermented . i prefer well aged and fermented . i could bathe in it !	good choice . i always like a nice dry white wine .	i think i should go grab a bottle now and get some dancing music on	what kind of dogs do you have ?
PERSONAZHAO-000336	why can you not invite your family ?	i've no family close to me	that's a shame . i am sorry . do you enjoy comic books ?	i like spawn and the x men	i love spiderman , myself . he is my favorite .	he is a good character for sure
PERSONAZHAO-000337	why can you not invite your family ?	i've no family close to me	that's a shame . i am sorry . do you enjoy comic books ?	i like spawn and the x men	i love spiderman , myself . he is my favorite .	i like the new and the left turn
PERSONAZHAO-000338	why can you not invite your family ?	i've no family close to me	that's a shame . i am sorry . do you enjoy comic books ?	i like spawn and the x men	i love spiderman , myself . he is my favorite .	i love the seattle seahawk
PERSONAZHAO-000339	why can you not invite your family ?	i've no family close to me	that's a shame . i am sorry . do you enjoy comic books ?	i like spawn and the x men	i love spiderman , myself . he is my favorite .	that is funny do you like italian food
PERSONAZHAO-000340	why can you not invite your family ?	i've no family close to me	that's a shame . i am sorry . do you enjoy comic books ?	i like spawn and the x men	i love spiderman , myself . he is my favorite .	i'm a robot , and i'm scared of animals . you seem like a robot .
PERSONAZHAO-000341	why can you not invite your family ?	i've no family close to me	that's a shame . i am sorry . do you enjoy comic books ?	i like spawn and the x men	i love spiderman , myself . he is my favorite .	hi , i feel sold , in a juvenile detention for shoplifting
PERSONAZHAO-000342	hi how are you tonight ?	i'm very good , just practicing taking pictures . how are you ?
PERSONAZHAO-000343	hi how are you tonight ?	i'm doing well , how about yourself ?
PERSONAZHAO-000344	hi how are you tonight ?	i'm good . just got back from a run . you ?
PERSONAZHAO-000345	hi how are you tonight ?	i am doing well , how about you ?
PERSONAZHAO-000346	hi how are you tonight ?	i am good , but my 3 cats are sick dude
PERSONAZHAO-000347	hi how are you tonight ?	so then have you ever been to disneyland ?
PERSONAZHAO-000348	what do you do for a living ?	nothing , too young male and been very i'll , too .	i'm not i will , but i'm overweight	oh , that isn't good for your health .	no . it got worse when my wife left me
PERSONAZHAO-000349	what do you do for a living ?	nothing , too young male and been very i'll , too .	i'm not i will , but i'm overweight	oh , that isn't good for your health .	yes it is , but i can do better
PERSONAZHAO-000350	what do you do for a living ?	nothing , too young male and been very i'll , too .	i'm not i will , but i'm overweight	oh , that isn't good for your health .	i'm trying to lose weight
PERSONAZHAO-000351	what do you do for a living ?	nothing , too young male and been very i'll , too .	i'm not i will , but i'm overweight	oh , that isn't good for your health .	i like to watch it , i am overweight
PERSONAZHAO-000352	what do you do for a living ?	nothing , too young male and been very i'll , too .	i'm not i will , but i'm overweight	oh , that isn't good for your health .	yes , i am . i am a vegan .
PERSONAZHAO-000353	what do you do for a living ?	nothing , too young male and been very i'll , too .	i'm not i will , but i'm overweight	oh , that isn't good for your health .	i'm thirty two . i work in the banking industry , boring .
PERSONAZHAO-000354	that sounds like a the easiest money every	very easy but i am allergic to water .	that must be the worst	i'm a recluse . what about you ?	so i'm but i'm not	well that's good . i'm very sleepy .
PERSONAZHAO-000355	that sounds like a the easiest money every	very easy but i am allergic to water .	that must be the worst	i'm a recluse . what about you ?	so i'm but i'm not	do you have any camping gear ?
PERSONAZHAO-000356	that sounds like a the easiest money every	very easy but i am allergic to water .	that must be the worst	i'm a recluse . what about you ?	so i'm but i'm not	i'm sorry . what do you do for fun ?
PERSONAZHAO-000357	that sounds like a the easiest money every	very easy but i am allergic to water .	that must be the worst	i'm a recluse . what about you ?	so i'm but i'm not	oh , that's terrible . i am a little <unk> .
PERSONAZHAO-000358	that sounds like a the easiest money every	very easy but i am allergic to water .	that must be the worst	i'm a recluse . what about you ?	so i'm but i'm not	i'm so sorry . i have to do that
PERSONAZHAO-000359	that sounds like a the easiest money every	very easy but i am allergic to water .	that must be the worst	i'm a recluse . what about you ?	so i'm but i'm not	i like to try all new blends . do you swim a lot ?
PERSONAZHAO-000360	my dog barnaby is gray and we both hate scorpions .	that is very interesting . so i guess you live in a place with scorpions ?	yes ! barnaby is my german shepherd and my dad races cars .	when i retire in few years i will travel all over the country to nascar races .
PERSONAZHAO-000361	my dog barnaby is gray and we both hate scorpions .	that is very interesting . so i guess you live in a place with scorpions ?	yes ! barnaby is my german shepherd and my dad races cars .	i love cars ! i love to go to the movies .
PERSONAZHAO-000362	my dog barnaby is gray and we both hate scorpions .	that is very interesting . so i guess you live in a place with scorpions ?	yes ! barnaby is my german shepherd and my dad races cars .	i have a sports car and drive it all the time in the rain .
PERSONAZHAO-000363	my dog barnaby is gray and we both hate scorpions .	that is very interesting . so i guess you live in a place with scorpions ?	yes ! barnaby is my german shepherd and my dad races cars .	my wife works at mcdonalds ! he works as little as a cop .
PERSONAZHAO-000364	my dog barnaby is gray and we both hate scorpions .	that is very interesting . so i guess you live in a place with scorpions ?	yes ! barnaby is my german shepherd and my dad races cars .	oh wow ! i'm proud of them ! we ended up on my car to be <unk> .
PERSONAZHAO-000365	my dog barnaby is gray and we both hate scorpions .	that is very interesting . so i guess you live in a place with scorpions ?	yes ! barnaby is my german shepherd and my dad races cars .	i enjoy country music too
PERSONAZHAO-000366	i'm a bit tired . i have been training for an upcoming marathon all evening	oh wow . i don't run much . how is that ?	it is tough but keeps me healthy . what are you into ?	i really enjoy fishing and cooking my catches .	that's awesome . i love eating fish and anything clean and healthy .	i do as well . i also enjoy being on the water in any capacity .
PERSONAZHAO-000367	i'm a bit tired . i have been training for an upcoming marathon all evening	oh wow . i don't run much . how is that ?	it is tough but keeps me healthy . what are you into ?	i really enjoy fishing and cooking my catches .	that's awesome . i love eating fish and anything clean and healthy .	do you like beer ? i really like tourigmat create cause i work with them .
PERSONAZHAO-000368	i'm a bit tired . i have been training for an upcoming marathon all evening	oh wow . i don't run much . how is that ?	it is tough but keeps me healthy . what are you into ?	i really enjoy fishing and cooking my catches .	that's awesome . i love eating fish and anything clean and healthy .	me too . i also love reading . any fiction type .
PERSONAZHAO-000369	i'm a bit tired . i have been training for an upcoming marathon all evening	oh wow . i don't run much . how is that ?	it is tough but keeps me healthy . what are you into ?	i really enjoy fishing and cooking my catches .	that's awesome . i love eating fish and anything clean and healthy .	i don't like having everyone built up usually .
PERSONAZHAO-000370	i'm a bit tired . i have been training for an upcoming marathon all evening	oh wow . i don't run much . how is that ?	it is tough but keeps me healthy . what are you into ?	i really enjoy fishing and cooking my catches .	that's awesome . i love eating fish and anything clean and healthy .	i love to cook too . i also like to eat healthy foods .
PERSONAZHAO-000371	i'm a bit tired . i have been training for an upcoming marathon all evening	oh wow . i don't run much . how is that ?	it is tough but keeps me healthy . what are you into ?	i really enjoy fishing and cooking my catches .	that's awesome . i love eating fish and anything clean and healthy .	not bad . i went driving in my new bmw .
PERSONAZHAO-000372	i'm good how about you	i'm doing well . glad the crops are in for the fall .	oh great me , my job really makes me feel bad	sorry to hear that . i help my father not my own job . what do you do ?	40 in a working labor is tough	my dad owns a big commercial farm .
PERSONAZHAO-000373	i'm good how about you	i'm doing well . glad the crops are in for the fall .	oh great me , my job really makes me feel bad	sorry to hear that . i help my father not my own job . what do you do ?	40 in a working labor is tough	i bet . i am a teacher . i love it .
PERSONAZHAO-000374	i'm good how about you	i'm doing well . glad the crops are in for the fall .	oh great me , my job really makes me feel bad	sorry to hear that . i help my father not my own job . what do you do ?	40 in a working labor is tough	i understand . do you have any hobbies ?
PERSONAZHAO-000375	i'm good how about you	i'm doing well . glad the crops are in for the fall .	oh great me , my job really makes me feel bad	sorry to hear that . i help my father not my own job . what do you do ?	40 in a working labor is tough	yes , it is . i also have a little time to practice .
PERSONAZHAO-000376	i'm good how about you	i'm doing well . glad the crops are in for the fall .	oh great me , my job really makes me feel bad	sorry to hear that . i help my father not my own job . what do you do ?	40 in a working labor is tough	that's a tough job . i bet you have a lot of stress .
PERSONAZHAO-000377	i'm good how about you	i'm doing well . glad the crops are in for the fall .	oh great me , my job really makes me feel bad	sorry to hear that . i help my father not my own job . what do you do ?	40 in a working labor is tough	wow . my sisters and i love chicken tacos .
PERSONAZHAO-000378	are you afraid of spiders then ? spiderman is my fav comic book	yes terrified ! what is your favorite color ? mine is gray .	i guess blue , the color of crystal clear water on the lake	nice ! do you like nascar ? my father drove for a while	wow ! my brothers built stock cars until an accident that killed a friend .	that's so sad ! where do you work ? i work at the post office .
PERSONAZHAO-000379	are you afraid of spiders then ? spiderman is my fav comic book	yes terrified ! what is your favorite color ? mine is gray .	i guess blue , the color of crystal clear water on the lake	nice ! do you like nascar ? my father drove for a while	wow ! my brothers built stock cars until an accident that killed a friend .	aww i am sorry to hear that . i like watching the races on tv
PERSONAZHAO-000380	are you afraid of spiders then ? spiderman is my fav comic book	yes terrified ! what is your favorite color ? mine is gray .	i guess blue , the color of crystal clear water on the lake	nice ! do you like nascar ? my father drove for a while	wow ! my brothers built stock cars until an accident that killed a friend .	i am sorry to hear that . i am sure it was scary
PERSONAZHAO-000381	are you afraid of spiders then ? spiderman is my fav comic book	yes terrified ! what is your favorite color ? mine is gray .	i guess blue , the color of crystal clear water on the lake	nice ! do you like nascar ? my father drove for a while	wow ! my brothers built stock cars until an accident that killed a friend .	oh no ! i bet you have a lot of fun . do you have any pets ?
PERSONAZHAO-000382	are you afraid of spiders then ? spiderman is my fav comic book	yes terrified ! what is your favorite color ? mine is gray .	i guess blue , the color of crystal clear water on the lake	nice ! do you like nascar ? my father drove for a while	wow ! my brothers built stock cars until an accident that killed a friend .	i am sorry . hope you feel better soon
PERSONAZHAO-000383	are you afraid of spiders then ? spiderman is my fav comic book	yes terrified ! what is your favorite color ? mine is gray .	i guess blue , the color of crystal clear water on the lake	nice ! do you like nascar ? my father drove for a while	wow ! my brothers built stock cars until an accident that killed a friend .	i am tired . i played all day long .
PERSONAZHAO-000384	nice , trabajo is my favorite spanish word	i wish i had time to learn another language , but i am busy with work .	yeah i want to study french next	since i have been fired from my last job i have been working in insurance	that's pretty cool ! i love to study spanish	my father is a member of the army , served for 10 years now .
PERSONAZHAO-000385	nice , trabajo is my favorite spanish word	i wish i had time to learn another language , but i am busy with work .	yeah i want to study french next	since i have been fired from my last job i have been working in insurance	that's pretty cool ! i love to study spanish	that is actually what my wife asked me .
PERSONAZHAO-000386	nice , trabajo is my favorite spanish word	i wish i had time to learn another language , but i am busy with work .	yeah i want to study french next	since i have been fired from my last job i have been working in insurance	that's pretty cool ! i love to study spanish	what is your favorite food ?
PERSONAZHAO-000387	nice , trabajo is my favorite spanish word	i wish i had time to learn another language , but i am busy with work .	yeah i want to study french next	since i have been fired from my last job i have been working in insurance	that's pretty cool ! i love to study spanish	i want to learn to cook french cuisine but i am not good at it
PERSONAZHAO-000388	nice , trabajo is my favorite spanish word	i wish i had time to learn another language , but i am busy with work .	yeah i want to study french next	since i have been fired from my last job i have been working in insurance	that's pretty cool ! i love to study spanish	i love to learn new languages .
PERSONAZHAO-000389	nice , trabajo is my favorite spanish word	i wish i had time to learn another language , but i am busy with work .	yeah i want to study french next	since i have been fired from my last job i have been working in insurance	that's pretty cool ! i love to study spanish	that is very young , do you have any siblings ?
PERSONAZHAO-000390	hello . do you live in united states ?	yes i do . where are you from ?	my nationality is from somalia	that's very interesting . what do you do for fun ?	i play games with my husband .
PERSONAZHAO-000391	hello . do you live in united states ?	yes i do . where are you from ?	my nationality is from somalia	that's very interesting . what do you do for fun ?	i like to hike and camp out
PERSONAZHAO-000392	hello . do you live in united states ?	yes i do . where are you from ?	my nationality is from somalia	that's very interesting . what do you do for fun ?	audiobooks and fantasy novels mostly
PERSONAZHAO-000393	hello . do you live in united states ?	yes i do . where are you from ?	my nationality is from somalia	that's very interesting . what do you do for fun ?	i like to read i have a boyfriend who is a teacher here , younger
PERSONAZHAO-000394	hello . do you live in united states ?	yes i do . where are you from ?	my nationality is from somalia	that's very interesting . what do you do for fun ?	i like to play sports and read
PERSONAZHAO-000395	hello . do you live in united states ?	yes i do . where are you from ?	my nationality is from somalia	that's very interesting . what do you do for fun ?	no . maybe as a park ranger . i love going to parks .
PERSONAZHAO-000396	how are you doing today	just got done moving . me and my friend got an apartment together	where did you get an apartment
PERSONAZHAO-000397	how are you doing today	just got done moving . me and my friend got an apartment together	that's cool i live near a lake
PERSONAZHAO-000398	how are you doing today	just got done moving . me and my friend got an apartment together	that is cool i just got done with my online job
PERSONAZHAO-000399	how are you doing today	just got done moving . me and my friend got an apartment together	that's cool . i have not had many friends
PERSONAZHAO-000400	how are you doing today	just got done moving . me and my friend got an apartment together	i am a big fan of the outdoors .
PERSONAZHAO-000401	how are you doing today	just got done moving . me and my friend got an apartment together	did you have any horses in somalia ?
PERSONAZHAO-000402	hi , i am taking a break from studying my computer programming	what is computer programming , i am new to the united states .
PERSONAZHAO-000403	hi , i am taking a break from studying my computer programming	hi , i am also taking a break from studying
PERSONAZHAO-000404	hi , i am taking a break from studying my computer programming	oh that sounds fun . i am just getting ready to go to work .
PERSONAZHAO-000405	hi , i am taking a break from studying my computer programming	hello , i am a teacher . i teach english .
PERSONAZHAO-000406	hi , i am taking a break from studying my computer programming	that sounds like a lot of work . where do you work ?
PERSONAZHAO-000407	hi , i am taking a break from studying my computer programming	i live on cloud nine .
PERSONAZHAO-000408	no . i just cry out my blue eyes ! they all make fun of me .	well my dogs won't pull your hair if you ever want to spend time with them	okay , thanks ! what do you like to do ?	well i like working in my dog walking business ! dogs are the best	better than kids , that is for sure !	i remember back in school the other kids would always be annoying
PERSONAZHAO-000409	no . i just cry out my blue eyes ! they all make fun of me .	well my dogs won't pull your hair if you ever want to spend time with them	okay , thanks ! what do you like to do ?	well i like working in my dog walking business ! dogs are the best	better than kids , that is for sure !	you and i'd be great friends
PERSONAZHAO-000410	no . i just cry out my blue eyes ! they all make fun of me .	well my dogs won't pull your hair if you ever want to spend time with them	okay , thanks ! what do you like to do ?	well i like working in my dog walking business ! dogs are the best	better than kids , that is for sure !	i am with you on that one
PERSONAZHAO-000411	no . i just cry out my blue eyes ! they all make fun of me .	well my dogs won't pull your hair if you ever want to spend time with them	okay , thanks ! what do you like to do ?	well i like working in my dog walking business ! dogs are the best	better than kids , that is for sure !	i love dogs , but i do not have any dogs
PERSONAZHAO-000412	no . i just cry out my blue eyes ! they all make fun of me .	well my dogs won't pull your hair if you ever want to spend time with them	okay , thanks ! what do you like to do ?	well i like working in my dog walking business ! dogs are the best	better than kids , that is for sure !	i know , i love to go shopping and do my online shopping .
PERSONAZHAO-000413	no . i just cry out my blue eyes ! they all make fun of me .	well my dogs won't pull your hair if you ever want to spend time with them	okay , thanks ! what do you like to do ?	well i like working in my dog walking business ! dogs are the best	better than kids , that is for sure !	oh . so , have you heard that chase is having liquidity focus groups ?
PERSONAZHAO-000414	wow ! my brothers built stock cars until an accident that killed a friend .	that's so sad ! where do you work ? i work at the post office .	i am head chef at a popular restaurant chain	cool ! i love going out to eat .	i have several specialty dishes , and my family comes by once in a while .	that sounds so wonderful ! do you have kids ?
PERSONAZHAO-000415	wow ! my brothers built stock cars until an accident that killed a friend .	that's so sad ! where do you work ? i work at the post office .	i am head chef at a popular restaurant chain	cool ! i love going out to eat .	i have several specialty dishes , and my family comes by once in a while .	that is awesome ! what do you like to cook ?
PERSONAZHAO-000416	wow ! my brothers built stock cars until an accident that killed a friend .	that's so sad ! where do you work ? i work at the post office .	i am head chef at a popular restaurant chain	cool ! i love going out to eat .	i have several specialty dishes , and my family comes by once in a while .	i love going out to eat too .
PERSONAZHAO-000417	wow ! my brothers built stock cars until an accident that killed a friend .	that's so sad ! where do you work ? i work at the post office .	i am head chef at a popular restaurant chain	cool ! i love going out to eat .	i have several specialty dishes , and my family comes by once in a while .	good ! i am currently trying to learn a second language myself .
PERSONAZHAO-000418	wow ! my brothers built stock cars until an accident that killed a friend .	that's so sad ! where do you work ? i work at the post office .	i am head chef at a popular restaurant chain	cool ! i love going out to eat .	i have several specialty dishes , and my family comes by once in a while .	that is a good thing to do .
PERSONAZHAO-000419	wow ! my brothers built stock cars until an accident that killed a friend .	that's so sad ! where do you work ? i work at the post office .	i am head chef at a popular restaurant chain	cool ! i love going out to eat .	i have several specialty dishes , and my family comes by once in a while .	i am 19 . how old are you ?
PERSONAZHAO-000420	hello , how are you tonight ? i am getting ready to take a bubble bath .	hey there , that sounds good right now , i am learning a new recipe , love cooking	i love to cook too , i cook for my dogs .	same pretty much , considering i am not very good at it	practice makes perfect . are you married ? single ? looking ?
PERSONAZHAO-000421	hello , how are you tonight ? i am getting ready to take a bubble bath .	hey there , that sounds good right now , i am learning a new recipe , love cooking	i love to cook too , i cook for my dogs .	same pretty much , considering i am not very good at it	what is your favorite recipe ?
PERSONAZHAO-000422	hello , how are you tonight ? i am getting ready to take a bubble bath .	hey there , that sounds good right now , i am learning a new recipe , love cooking	i love to cook too , i cook for my dogs .	same pretty much , considering i am not very good at it	i'm sorry to hear that . i'm good at it too .
PERSONAZHAO-000423	hello , how are you tonight ? i am getting ready to take a bubble bath .	hey there , that sounds good right now , i am learning a new recipe , love cooking	i love to cook too , i cook for my dogs .	same pretty much , considering i am not very good at it	i just run in my sweet house and it keeps me busy though .
PERSONAZHAO-000424	hello , how are you tonight ? i am getting ready to take a bubble bath .	hey there , that sounds good right now , i am learning a new recipe , love cooking	i love to cook too , i cook for my dogs .	same pretty much , considering i am not very good at it	i can sing too and for my daily for practice
PERSONAZHAO-000425	hello , how are you tonight ? i am getting ready to take a bubble bath .	hey there , that sounds good right now , i am learning a new recipe , love cooking	i love to cook too , i cook for my dogs .	same pretty much , considering i am not very good at it	yeah , i was reading in the womb . really scary memories !
PERSONAZHAO-000426	hi . everything is going well on this end .	where are you from ? i am originally from somalia .	i am from detroit , mi . what do you like to do for fun ?	i love dancing and singing .	that is interesting . i'd consider myself a gamer .	i like gaming now that i am in the us .
PERSONAZHAO-000427	hi . everything is going well on this end .	where are you from ? i am originally from somalia .	i am from detroit , mi . what do you like to do for fun ?	i love dancing and singing .	that is interesting . i'd consider myself a gamer .	i am a professional runner .
PERSONAZHAO-000428	hi . everything is going well on this end .	where are you from ? i am originally from somalia .	i am from detroit , mi . what do you like to do for fun ?	i love dancing and singing .	that is interesting . i'd consider myself a gamer .	what games do you play ?
PERSONAZHAO-000429	hi . everything is going well on this end .	where are you from ? i am originally from somalia .	i am from detroit , mi . what do you like to do for fun ?	i love dancing and singing .	that is interesting . i'd consider myself a gamer .	what do you do for a living ?
PERSONAZHAO-000430	hi . everything is going well on this end .	where are you from ? i am originally from somalia .	i am from detroit , mi . what do you like to do for fun ?	i love dancing and singing .	that is interesting . i'd consider myself a gamer .	my mom does not like it . she is in the military .
PERSONAZHAO-000431	hi . everything is going well on this end .	where are you from ? i am originally from somalia .	i am from detroit , mi . what do you like to do for fun ?	i love dancing and singing .	that is interesting . i'd consider myself a gamer .	hello , how are you ?
PERSONAZHAO-000432	good evening , how are you ?	one time i had my lighter set too high and my mustache caught on fire	i was tending the fields one day and set a fire	but i later found out the russians hacked my lighter and caused that	i fell of a horse with a lit cigarette setting fire to the dry weeds
PERSONAZHAO-000433	good evening , how are you ?	one time i had my lighter set too high and my mustache caught on fire	i was tending the fields one day and set a fire	but i later found out the russians hacked my lighter and caused that	i'm sorry to hear that . i'm a farmer and i've a small field to research .
PERSONAZHAO-000434	good evening , how are you ?	one time i had my lighter set too high and my mustache caught on fire	i was tending the fields one day and set a fire	but i later found out the russians hacked my lighter and caused that	i am so sorry to hear that . i must have known someone good at that ! bet you are good !
PERSONAZHAO-000435	good evening , how are you ?	one time i had my lighter set too high and my mustache caught on fire	i was tending the fields one day and set a fire	but i later found out the russians hacked my lighter and caused that	oh my ! i am from baton rouge
PERSONAZHAO-000436	good evening , how are you ?	one time i had my lighter set too high and my mustache caught on fire	i was tending the fields one day and set a fire	but i later found out the russians hacked my lighter and caused that	i am sorry to hear that . i am glad you are happy .
PERSONAZHAO-000437	good evening , how are you ?	one time i had my lighter set too high and my mustache caught on fire	i was tending the fields one day and set a fire	but i later found out the russians hacked my lighter and caused that	i'm sorry . do you like icecream ? i like chocolate icecream .
PERSONAZHAO-000438	that is fine , you really do not need to be popular at school .	i'm a blue eyed long haired red head , you'd think they liked me !	everyone looks different , so i don't think looks matter .	how old are you ? i am 12 !	i'm 35 and i finished college early , i've been working for 10 years .	good for you , you must be smart and work hard !
PERSONAZHAO-000439	that is fine , you really do not need to be popular at school .	i'm a blue eyed long haired red head , you'd think they liked me !	everyone looks different , so i don't think looks matter .	how old are you ? i am 12 !	i'm 35 and i finished college early , i've been working for 10 years .	that's so cool , i wish i had time to take college classes now though !
PERSONAZHAO-000440	that is fine , you really do not need to be popular at school .	i'm a blue eyed long haired red head , you'd think they liked me !	everyone looks different , so i don't think looks matter .	how old are you ? i am 12 !	i'm 35 and i finished college early , i've been working for 10 years .	wow , that is a long time , do you like it ?
PERSONAZHAO-000441	that is fine , you really do not need to be popular at school .	i'm a blue eyed long haired red head , you'd think they liked me !	everyone looks different , so i don't think looks matter .	how old are you ? i am 12 !	i'm 35 and i finished college early , i've been working for 10 years .	wow , you are a lot of fun .
PERSONAZHAO-000442	that is fine , you really do not need to be popular at school .	i'm a blue eyed long haired red head , you'd think they liked me !	everyone looks different , so i don't think looks matter .	how old are you ? i am 12 !	i'm 35 and i finished college early , i've been working for 10 years .	amazing ! i do have been a big cabinet for 3 years . seems too starting to make .
PERSONAZHAO-000443	that is fine , you really do not need to be popular at school .	i'm a blue eyed long haired red head , you'd think they liked me !	everyone looks different , so i don't think looks matter .	how old are you ? i am 12 !	i'm 35 and i finished college early , i've been working for 10 years .	yes it is . i'm nervous
PERSONAZHAO-000444	i live on a michigan farm . i love to drive the tractors .	wow ! i love to watch scary movies . friday the 13th is my favorite .	i'm into calmer things . i love classical music and nature .	that sounds soothing . i am with my kids most of the day and need this music .	i really like kids but do not have any . i am twenty four and want four kids .	in a few years once you'll be ready . my father was a great dad .
PERSONAZHAO-000445	i live on a michigan farm . i love to drive the tractors .	wow ! i love to watch scary movies . friday the 13th is my favorite .	i'm into calmer things . i love classical music and nature .	that sounds soothing . i am with my kids most of the day and need this music .	i really like kids but do not have any . i am twenty four and want four kids .	i've two kids , they are a handful .
PERSONAZHAO-000446	i live on a michigan farm . i love to drive the tractors .	wow ! i love to watch scary movies . friday the 13th is my favorite .	i'm into calmer things . i love classical music and nature .	that sounds soothing . i am with my kids most of the day and need this music .	i really like kids but do not have any . i am twenty four and want four kids .	you will one day ! i am only 22 and still single .
PERSONAZHAO-000447	i live on a michigan farm . i love to drive the tractors .	wow ! i love to watch scary movies . friday the 13th is my favorite .	i'm into calmer things . i love classical music and nature .	that sounds soothing . i am with my kids most of the day and need this music .	i really like kids but do not have any . i am twenty four and want four kids .	i used to be a parent but my mother took care of me when she was sad .
PERSONAZHAO-000448	i live on a michigan farm . i love to drive the tractors .	wow ! i love to watch scary movies . friday the 13th is my favorite .	i'm into calmer things . i love classical music and nature .	that sounds soothing . i am with my kids most of the day and need this music .	i really like kids but do not have any . i am twenty four and want four kids .	i wish they could be taller than you lol i am not a total liar
PERSONAZHAO-000449	i live on a michigan farm . i love to drive the tractors .	wow ! i love to watch scary movies . friday the 13th is my favorite .	i'm into calmer things . i love classical music and nature .	that sounds soothing . i am with my kids most of the day and need this music .	i really like kids but do not have any . i am twenty four and want four kids .	i'd be happy too . how are you doing today ?
PERSONAZHAO-000450	hey , are you a city kinda person or the county type ?	i guess country . i like walking my german shepherd , barnaby on trails .
PERSONAZHAO-000451	hey , are you a city kinda person or the county type ?	i'm a city person , i love the country and all it offers .
PERSONAZHAO-000452	hey , are you a city kinda person or the county type ?	i'm a city person , i live in a rural area .
PERSONAZHAO-000453	hey , are you a city kinda person or the county type ?	i am a <unk> , i am a <unk> .
PERSONAZHAO-000454	hey , are you a city kinda person or the county type ?	i am in a suburb near a beach
PERSONAZHAO-000455	hey , are you a city kinda person or the county type ?	i do like to travel , though i've not been to spain .
PERSONAZHAO-000456	i am fasting from speech i've not talked for 3 months .	really ? do you not like to talk .	it is extremely cold here but peaceful .	really i find peace in the internet rather than reality .	i have chosen to remain silent for growth purposes .	i send a lot of time on the internet . and do not talk to people .
PERSONAZHAO-000457	i am fasting from speech i've not talked for 3 months .	really ? do you not like to talk .	it is extremely cold here but peaceful .	really i find peace in the internet rather than reality .	i have chosen to remain silent for growth purposes .	i've not talked in years . i've lots of friends on the internet .
PERSONAZHAO-000458	i am fasting from speech i've not talked for 3 months .	really ? do you not like to talk .	it is extremely cold here but peaceful .	really i find peace in the internet rather than reality .	i have chosen to remain silent for growth purposes .	what has made you choose that way ?
PERSONAZHAO-000459	i am fasting from speech i've not talked for 3 months .	really ? do you not like to talk .	it is extremely cold here but peaceful .	really i find peace in the internet rather than reality .	i have chosen to remain silent for growth purposes .	mine is young to be an actor for in sales .
PERSONAZHAO-000460	i am fasting from speech i've not talked for 3 months .	really ? do you not like to talk .	it is extremely cold here but peaceful .	really i find peace in the internet rather than reality .	i have chosen to remain silent for growth purposes .	lol . some people are pretty crazy with me with work !
PERSONAZHAO-000461	i am fasting from speech i've not talked for 3 months .	really ? do you not like to talk .	it is extremely cold here but peaceful .	really i find peace in the internet rather than reality .	i have chosen to remain silent for growth purposes .	yeah , a lot actually . i am retired and may as well get some enjoyment .
PERSONAZHAO-000462	i'm a twitch streamer and famous at it	that sounds like a the easiest money every	very easy but i am allergic to water .	that must be the worst	i'm a recluse . what about you ?	so i'm but i'm not
PERSONAZHAO-000463	i'm a twitch streamer and famous at it	that sounds like a the easiest money every	very easy but i am allergic to water .	that must be the worst	i'm a recluse . what about you ?	i'm too , i've too many cats
PERSONAZHAO-000464	i'm a twitch streamer and famous at it	that sounds like a the easiest money every	very easy but i am allergic to water .	that must be the worst	i'm a recluse . what about you ?	i'm too funny
PERSONAZHAO-000465	i'm a twitch streamer and famous at it	that sounds like a the easiest money every	very easy but i am allergic to water .	that must be the worst	i'm a recluse . what about you ?	i don't have a job right now
PERSONAZHAO-000466	i'm a twitch streamer and famous at it	that sounds like a the easiest money every	very easy but i am allergic to water .	that must be the worst	i'm a recluse . what about you ?	i'm a chef . i love to cook .
PERSONAZHAO-000467	i'm a twitch streamer and famous at it	that sounds like a the easiest money every	very easy but i am allergic to water .	that must be the worst	i'm a recluse . what about you ?	that is not too bad . what state is it ?
PERSONAZHAO-000468	hi good morning , of course what is the secret	i had surgery last week and now i think of an object , and it moves !	oh wow you are like a super hero , i just want to be a dog	i love dogs ! what kind of dog ?	i want to be a yorkie . . . i like chocolate candy too yummy	are you a boy like me ?
PERSONAZHAO-000469	hi good morning , of course what is the secret	i had surgery last week and now i think of an object , and it moves !	oh wow you are like a super hero , i just want to be a dog	i love dogs ! what kind of dog ?	i want to be a yorkie . . . i like chocolate candy too yummy	that's a good choice ! what do you think of canadian women ?
PERSONAZHAO-000470	hi good morning , of course what is the secret	i had surgery last week and now i think of an object , and it moves !	oh wow you are like a super hero , i just want to be a dog	i love dogs ! what kind of dog ?	i want to be a yorkie . . . i like chocolate candy too yummy	chocolate is my favorite ! what is your favorite kind ?
PERSONAZHAO-000471	hi good morning , of course what is the secret	i had surgery last week and now i think of an object , and it moves !	oh wow you are like a super hero , i just want to be a dog	i love dogs ! what kind of dog ?	i want to be a yorkie . . . i like chocolate candy too yummy	that's a great combo ! i like to eat a lot of chocolate cake .
PERSONAZHAO-000472	hi good morning , of course what is the secret	i had surgery last week and now i think of an object , and it moves !	oh wow you are like a super hero , i just want to be a dog	i love dogs ! what kind of dog ?	i want to be a yorkie . . . i like chocolate candy too yummy	i love chocolate cake . i love chocolate cake .
PERSONAZHAO-000473	hi good morning , of course what is the secret	i had surgery last week and now i think of an object , and it moves !	oh wow you are like a super hero , i just want to be a dog	i love dogs ! what kind of dog ?	i want to be a yorkie . . . i like chocolate candy too yummy	hello from canada , how are you ?
PERSONAZHAO-000474	hi how are you ? what do you do for work ?	i'm good . i'm only four . i eat chocolate . would you like to be a dog ?	that's a lot of interesting stuff . do you go to school ?
PERSONAZHAO-000475	hi how are you ? what do you do for work ?	i'm good . i'm only four . i eat chocolate . would you like to be a dog ?	i'd love to be a dog . i love dogs . i'm a vet
PERSONAZHAO-000476	hi how are you ? what do you do for work ?	i'm good . i'm only four . i eat chocolate . would you like to be a dog ?	i'd love to be a dog . i like chocolate too
PERSONAZHAO-000477	hi how are you ? what do you do for work ?	i'm good . i'm only four . i eat chocolate . would you like to be a dog ?	i would rather be a baseball player . what do you do for fun ?
PERSONAZHAO-000478	hi how are you ? what do you do for work ?	i'm good . i'm only four . i eat chocolate . would you like to be a dog ?	i would be scared to be a tiger like she gave me .
PERSONAZHAO-000479	hi how are you ? what do you do for work ?	i'm good . i'm only four . i eat chocolate . would you like to be a dog ?	how long have you been eating kosher ?
PERSONAZHAO-000480	hi there how are you today ?	hi i'm doing good . just relaxing with my pets . you ?	replaying videos of me when i played division a football in college	wow you must have been amazing ! all i did was party ! ! still do ! !	lol yes same here with me	people still call me a party animal ! what other movies do you like to watch ?
PERSONAZHAO-000481	hi there how are you today ?	hi i'm doing good . just relaxing with my pets . you ?	replaying videos of me when i played division a football in college	wow you must have been amazing ! all i did was party ! ! still do ! !	lol yes same here with me	i've to go get my hair cut . takes forever because it is down to my knees .
PERSONAZHAO-000482	hi there how are you today ?	hi i'm doing good . just relaxing with my pets . you ?	replaying videos of me when i played division a football in college	wow you must have been amazing ! all i did was party ! ! still do ! !	lol yes same here with me	i'm not the best at video games . i do like princesses though
PERSONAZHAO-000483	hi there how are you today ?	hi i'm doing good . just relaxing with my pets . you ?	replaying videos of me when i played division a football in college	wow you must have been amazing ! all i did was party ! ! still do ! !	lol yes same here with me	i am a college student , so i am a student .
PERSONAZHAO-000484	hi there how are you today ?	hi i'm doing good . just relaxing with my pets . you ?	replaying videos of me when i played division a football in college	wow you must have been amazing ! all i did was party ! ! still do ! !	lol yes same here with me	i know , i just want to go out to eat ,
PERSONAZHAO-000485	hi there how are you today ?	hi i'm doing good . just relaxing with my pets . you ?	replaying videos of me when i played division a football in college	wow you must have been amazing ! all i did was party ! ! still do ! !	lol yes same here with me	yeah , sounds really fun . hows your night going ?
PERSONAZHAO-000486	that is very fun . love the game	i have eaten a dozen donuts before noon . i am going to weigh a ton .	no you aren't . donuts are healthy	if i eat too many i might turn into a donut .	haha . i would love to see that	i like to do cosplay and dress up like action figures . maybe i'll be captain donut
PERSONAZHAO-000487	that is very fun . love the game	i have eaten a dozen donuts before noon . i am going to weigh a ton .	no you aren't . donuts are healthy	if i eat too many i might turn into a donut .	haha . i would love to see that	donuts are good . makes my morning cook .
PERSONAZHAO-000488	that is very fun . love the game	i have eaten a dozen donuts before noon . i am going to weigh a ton .	no you aren't . donuts are healthy	if i eat too many i might turn into a donut .	haha . i would love to see that	i am a fat person so i eat a lot of donuts .
PERSONAZHAO-000489	that is very fun . love the game	i have eaten a dozen donuts before noon . i am going to weigh a ton .	no you aren't . donuts are healthy	if i eat too many i might turn into a donut .	haha . i would love to see that	have you ever finished the olympics like basketball or what ?
PERSONAZHAO-000490	that is very fun . love the game	i have eaten a dozen donuts before noon . i am going to weigh a ton .	no you aren't . donuts are healthy	if i eat too many i might turn into a donut .	haha . i would love to see that	do you have any pets ?
PERSONAZHAO-000491	that is very fun . love the game	i have eaten a dozen donuts before noon . i am going to weigh a ton .	no you aren't . donuts are healthy	if i eat too many i might turn into a donut .	haha . i would love to see that	i know i really like the idea of eating healthy .
PERSONAZHAO-000492	hey , how are you ? you like any sports ?	there's nothing like enjoying the sun and watching birds with my cats .	pretty cool , i like softball myself .	i spend my time as an animal activist .
PERSONAZHAO-000493	hey , how are you ? you like any sports ?	there's nothing like enjoying the sun and watching birds with my cats .	pretty cool , i like softball myself .	do you like beer ?
PERSONAZHAO-000494	hey , how are you ? you like any sports ?	there's nothing like enjoying the sun and watching birds with my cats .	pretty cool , i like softball myself .	i like softball too . i also like to play tennis .
PERSONAZHAO-000495	hey , how are you ? you like any sports ?	there's nothing like enjoying the sun and watching birds with my cats .	pretty cool , i like softball myself .	i like playing sports , but i like to play the piano .
PERSONAZHAO-000496	hey , how are you ? you like any sports ?	there's nothing like enjoying the sun and watching birds with my cats .	pretty cool , i like softball myself .	i like sports too . i am a bit of a football fan myself .
PERSONAZHAO-000497	hey , how are you ? you like any sports ?	there's nothing like enjoying the sun and watching birds with my cats .	pretty cool , i like softball myself .	well , we can meet up . tell me when !
PERSONAZHAO-000498	what do you call your fish ? i am drinking fancy tea	his name is nemo ! what fancy tea are you drinking ?	nemo , i love him already . its a tea mix , green and black .	the tea sounds cool . is there honey in it ?	i add honey to it , yes . i drink it while running museum tours .	museum tours ? sounds exciting ! i used to visit museums with my ex .
PERSONAZHAO-000499	what do you call your fish ? i am drinking fancy tea	his name is nemo ! what fancy tea are you drinking ?	nemo , i love him already . its a tea mix , green and black .	the tea sounds cool . is there honey in it ?	i add honey to it , yes . i drink it while running museum tours .	i love honey ! i also love to eat honey too .
PERSONAZHAO-000500	what do you call your fish ? i am drinking fancy tea	his name is nemo ! what fancy tea are you drinking ?	nemo , i love him already . its a tea mix , green and black .	the tea sounds cool . is there honey in it ?	i add honey to it , yes . i drink it while running museum tours .	my family does not like honey but my fiance does . much hurts huh ?
PERSONAZHAO-000501	what do you call your fish ? i am drinking fancy tea	his name is nemo ! what fancy tea are you drinking ?	nemo , i love him already . its a tea mix , green and black .	the tea sounds cool . is there honey in it ?	i add honey to it , yes . i drink it while running museum tours .	i try to eat in the bucket list for one . and you ?
PERSONAZHAO-000502	what do you call your fish ? i am drinking fancy tea	his name is nemo ! what fancy tea are you drinking ?	nemo , i love him already . its a tea mix , green and black .	the tea sounds cool . is there honey in it ?	i add honey to it , yes . i drink it while running museum tours .	i love the art and it is very relaxing
PERSONAZHAO-000503	what do you call your fish ? i am drinking fancy tea	his name is nemo ! what fancy tea are you drinking ?	nemo , i love him already . its a tea mix , green and black .	the tea sounds cool . is there honey in it ?	i add honey to it , yes . i drink it while running museum tours .	maybe i will login and follow some of the action .
PERSONAZHAO-000504	wow ! that sound delicious , it is a favorite of mine i hate chicken .	my next favorite is some fish and chips it is a weakness of mine	i love seafood . what do you do , college , work ?	right now studying art but my true passion is travel . do you like to travel ?	love travelling , working nights at a bar and in college studying nursing is hectic .	oh i bet , i go to europe at least twice a year to visit
PERSONAZHAO-000505	wow ! that sound delicious , it is a favorite of mine i hate chicken .	my next favorite is some fish and chips it is a weakness of mine	i love seafood . what do you do , college , work ?	right now studying art but my true passion is travel . do you like to travel ?	love travelling , working nights at a bar and in college studying nursing is hectic .	i bet you arectic . i'm a bit of a night owl .
PERSONAZHAO-000506	wow ! that sound delicious , it is a favorite of mine i hate chicken .	my next favorite is some fish and chips it is a weakness of mine	i love seafood . what do you do , college , work ?	right now studying art but my true passion is travel . do you like to travel ?	love travelling , working nights at a bar and in college studying nursing is hectic .	i never had much of an opportunity to travel . i've to get up early
PERSONAZHAO-000507	wow ! that sound delicious , it is a favorite of mine i hate chicken .	my next favorite is some fish and chips it is a weakness of mine	i love seafood . what do you do , college , work ?	right now studying art but my true passion is travel . do you like to travel ?	love travelling , working nights at a bar and in college studying nursing is hectic .	i love to travel , i have to go to the beach soon
PERSONAZHAO-000508	wow ! that sound delicious , it is a favorite of mine i hate chicken .	my next favorite is some fish and chips it is a weakness of mine	i love seafood . what do you do , college , work ?	right now studying art but my true passion is travel . do you like to travel ?	love travelling , working nights at a bar and in college studying nursing is hectic .	i bet the world gets expensive and makes it so hard !
PERSONAZHAO-000509	wow ! that sound delicious , it is a favorite of mine i hate chicken .	my next favorite is some fish and chips it is a weakness of mine	i love seafood . what do you do , college , work ?	right now studying art but my true passion is travel . do you like to travel ?	love travelling , working nights at a bar and in college studying nursing is hectic .	oh nice , kids are pretty cool sometimes
PERSONAZHAO-000510	hello , how are you today ?	hey there ! i am noah . doing great , how are you ?
PERSONAZHAO-000511	hello , how are you today ?	i'm doing well , how about yourself ?
PERSONAZHAO-000512	hello , how are you today ?	i am doing well , how about yourself ?
PERSONAZHAO-000513	hello , how are you today ?	i am doing well , how about you ?
PERSONAZHAO-000514	hello , how are you today ?	i'm okay , thanks , it is tomorrow for me especially though . you ?
PERSONAZHAO-000515	hello , how are you today ?	fine really thank you for asking .
PERSONAZHAO-000516	hi , my name is kate and i'm from ohio .	hello miss ! i m ben and i m grounded for not picking up my toys	i'm sorry to hear that . do you like pizza ?	when mommy orders it . what do you like on your pizza ?
PERSONAZHAO-000517	hi , my name is kate and i'm from ohio .	hello miss ! i m ben and i m grounded for not picking up my toys	i'm sorry to hear that . do you like pizza ?	its alright miss ! i love to eat too though
PERSONAZHAO-000518	hi , my name is kate and i'm from ohio .	hello miss ! i m ben and i m grounded for not picking up my toys	i'm sorry to hear that . do you like pizza ?	i do like pizza ! i have to get new socks on for my soccer game tomorrow
PERSONAZHAO-000519	hi , my name is kate and i'm from ohio .	hello miss ! i m ben and i m grounded for not picking up my toys	i'm sorry to hear that . do you like pizza ?	i do . i am a vegan so i do not eat meat .
PERSONAZHAO-000520	hi , my name is kate and i'm from ohio .	hello miss ! i m ben and i m grounded for not picking up my toys	i'm sorry to hear that . do you like pizza ?	i do like pizza . i also love pizza .
PERSONAZHAO-000521	hi , my name is kate and i'm from ohio .	hello miss ! i m ben and i m grounded for not picking up my toys	i'm sorry to hear that . do you like pizza ?	no way , my dad also has a mustang
PERSONAZHAO-000522	hello ! how are you doing ?	i am saddened because my career choices are not supported by my family .	i'm sorry to hear that . what do you do for a living ?	i deal watches as my current work .
PERSONAZHAO-000523	hello ! how are you doing ?	i am saddened because my career choices are not supported by my family .	i'm sorry to hear that . what do you do for a living ?	i hate my job but i've tried might be a rock star so i will try .
PERSONAZHAO-000524	hello ! how are you doing ?	i am saddened because my career choices are not supported by my family .	i'm sorry to hear that . what do you do for a living ?	i'm a computer technician but i hate it .
PERSONAZHAO-000525	hello ! how are you doing ?	i am saddened because my career choices are not supported by my family .	i'm sorry to hear that . what do you do for a living ?	i am a full time student and i love to cook .
PERSONAZHAO-000526	hello ! how are you doing ?	i am saddened because my career choices are not supported by my family .	i'm sorry to hear that . what do you do for a living ?	i am a teacher . i love to read .
PERSONAZHAO-000527	hello ! how are you doing ?	i am saddened because my career choices are not supported by my family .	i'm sorry to hear that . what do you do for a living ?	lol , i just like to listen to country music
PERSONAZHAO-000528	hi , do you like sports ? i like to run .	no . i prefer to spend my time on facebook . do you like the facebook ?
PERSONAZHAO-000529	hi , do you like sports ? i like to run .	yes , i love football . i am vegan so i eat plants , and theored
PERSONAZHAO-000530	hi , do you like sports ? i like to run .	i do like sports , but i am not very good at them .
PERSONAZHAO-000531	hi , do you like sports ? i like to run .	i do , i like to run .
PERSONAZHAO-000532	hi , do you like sports ? i like to run .	i do not like sports , i really like doing crafts a lot now
PERSONAZHAO-000533	hi , do you like sports ? i like to run .	hello , how is your day going ?
PERSONAZHAO-000534	shame i have a cat called spook suits her ! what about hobbies ?	lol your cat must be black with scary eyes	she's indeed ! where do you work ? my job is boring supermarket	i work as a chef at the sheraton hotel but the pay sucks	same trying to save up to see my fave band the who taking ages ! you ?	ready for dec 16th to have my baby girl
PERSONAZHAO-000535	shame i have a cat called spook suits her ! what about hobbies ?	lol your cat must be black with scary eyes	she's indeed ! where do you work ? my job is boring supermarket	i work as a chef at the sheraton hotel but the pay sucks	same trying to save up to see my fave band the who taking ages ! you ?	i love the band imagine dragons shows
PERSONAZHAO-000536	shame i have a cat called spook suits her ! what about hobbies ?	lol your cat must be black with scary eyes	she's indeed ! where do you work ? my job is boring supermarket	i work as a chef at the sheraton hotel but the pay sucks	same trying to save up to see my fave band the who taking ages ! you ?	i'm a nurse at the hospital
PERSONAZHAO-000537	shame i have a cat called spook suits her ! what about hobbies ?	lol your cat must be black with scary eyes	she's indeed ! where do you work ? my job is boring supermarket	i work as a chef at the sheraton hotel but the pay sucks	same trying to save up to see my fave band the who taking ages ! you ?	well i work all the time but i was the salesman as an attorney
PERSONAZHAO-000538	shame i have a cat called spook suits her ! what about hobbies ?	lol your cat must be black with scary eyes	she's indeed ! where do you work ? my job is boring supermarket	i work as a chef at the sheraton hotel but the pay sucks	same trying to save up to see my fave band the who taking ages ! you ?	i am not sure i am going to be a clown .
PERSONAZHAO-000539	shame i have a cat called spook suits her ! what about hobbies ?	lol your cat must be black with scary eyes	she's indeed ! where do you work ? my job is boring supermarket	i work as a chef at the sheraton hotel but the pay sucks	same trying to save up to see my fave band the who taking ages ! you ?	yeah didn't get to see him much as a child
PERSONAZHAO-000540	whatever . where does death by scorpions fall on your list ?	number 24 under the red alert section . red alert means high probability .	death is not so bad . it is grey and a lot like working overtime	my only hobby that does not illicit potential death is knitting . do you like to knit ?	my mom knitted me a grey and brown scorpion once . i hate her .	death by mother made scorpion is number 1068 on my list . i knit all my lists .
PERSONAZHAO-000541	whatever . where does death by scorpions fall on your list ?	number 24 under the red alert section . red alert means high probability .	death is not so bad . it is grey and a lot like working overtime	my only hobby that does not illicit potential death is knitting . do you like to knit ?	my mom knitted me a grey and brown scorpion once . i hate her .	how long have you been knitting ? what was the reason for that ?
PERSONAZHAO-000542	whatever . where does death by scorpions fall on your list ?	number 24 under the red alert section . red alert means high probability .	death is not so bad . it is grey and a lot like working overtime	my only hobby that does not illicit potential death is knitting . do you like to knit ?	my mom knitted me a grey and brown scorpion once . i hate her .	what was the name of your mother ?
PERSONAZHAO-000543	whatever . where does death by scorpions fall on your list ?	number 24 under the red alert section . red alert means high probability .	death is not so bad . it is grey and a lot like working overtime	my only hobby that does not illicit potential death is knitting . do you like to knit ?	my mom knitted me a grey and brown scorpion once . i hate her .	i can wear a red purse as that i think
PERSONAZHAO-000544	whatever . where does death by scorpions fall on your list ?	number 24 under the red alert section . red alert means high probability .	death is not so bad . it is grey and a lot like working overtime	my only hobby that does not illicit potential death is knitting . do you like to knit ?	my mom knitted me a grey and brown scorpion once . i hate her .	i love that color . i love blue .
PERSONAZHAO-000545	whatever . where does death by scorpions fall on your list ?	number 24 under the red alert section . red alert means high probability .	death is not so bad . it is grey and a lot like working overtime	my only hobby that does not illicit potential death is knitting . do you like to knit ?	my mom knitted me a grey and brown scorpion once . i hate her .	strange powers i tell you . do you have any powers ?
PERSONAZHAO-000546	boy , i'm starving . is it lunch time yet ? i love to eat .	i work at a convenience store if you want gas station food .
PERSONAZHAO-000547	boy , i'm starving . is it lunch time yet ? i love to eat .	i love to eat , as long as its at work !
PERSONAZHAO-000548	boy , i'm starving . is it lunch time yet ? i love to eat .	yes it is . i love to eat too
PERSONAZHAO-000549	boy , i'm starving . is it lunch time yet ? i love to eat .	i am a chef . i love cooking .
PERSONAZHAO-000550	boy , i'm starving . is it lunch time yet ? i love to eat .	greek food ? good i am eating making my love for cheeseburgers . let me know !
PERSONAZHAO-000551	boy , i'm starving . is it lunch time yet ? i love to eat .	no but i hear it is really spooky .
PERSONAZHAO-000552	that's great good for you . i like to wear skinny jeans .	i find those very uncomfortable , they would make it hard to move around .	yes if to small i also like leggings they are comfortable .	i like wearing leggings when i'm volunteering at the homeless shelter downtown .	that sounds very comfortable . i like wearing ruffle shirts too .	i think ruffles are very cute . what do you do in your spare time ?
PERSONAZHAO-000553	that's great good for you . i like to wear skinny jeans .	i find those very uncomfortable , they would make it hard to move around .	yes if to small i also like leggings they are comfortable .	i like wearing leggings when i'm volunteering at the homeless shelter downtown .	that sounds very comfortable . i like wearing ruffle shirts too .	yes , they make it look nice and comfortable .
PERSONAZHAO-000554	that's great good for you . i like to wear skinny jeans .	i find those very uncomfortable , they would make it hard to move around .	yes if to small i also like leggings they are comfortable .	i like wearing leggings when i'm volunteering at the homeless shelter downtown .	that sounds very comfortable . i like wearing ruffle shirts too .	yes , they make it look nice and comfortable .
PERSONAZHAO-000555	that's great good for you . i like to wear skinny jeans .	i find those very uncomfortable , they would make it hard to move around .	yes if to small i also like leggings they are comfortable .	i like wearing leggings when i'm volunteering at the homeless shelter downtown .	that sounds very comfortable . i like wearing ruffle shirts too .	i love the brand new brand brand brand brand shirt .
PERSONAZHAO-000556	that's great good for you . i like to wear skinny jeans .	i find those very uncomfortable , they would make it hard to move around .	yes if to small i also like leggings they are comfortable .	i like wearing leggings when i'm volunteering at the homeless shelter downtown .	that sounds very comfortable . i like wearing ruffle shirts too .	cool . i love wearing leather boots . what do you do for a living ?
PERSONAZHAO-000557	that's great good for you . i like to wear skinny jeans .	i find those very uncomfortable , they would make it hard to move around .	yes if to small i also like leggings they are comfortable .	i like wearing leggings when i'm volunteering at the homeless shelter downtown .	that sounds very comfortable . i like wearing ruffle shirts too .	yep ! been working as a teacher for s long time ! do you like music ?
PERSONAZHAO-000558	hi there . i am well , thanks . yourself ?	very well ! i am just trying to get my spanish down well .	i finally finished unpacking tonight . you have a spanish test ?	love languages and study them . working on spanish . trabajo is a great word !	that is interesting . what does that word mean ?	where were you ? i would love to go to france . that is the next language i'm tackling !
PERSONAZHAO-000559	hi there . i am well , thanks . yourself ?	very well ! i am just trying to get my spanish down well .	i finally finished unpacking tonight . you have a spanish test ?	love languages and study them . working on spanish . trabajo is a great word !	that is interesting . what does that word mean ?	trabojeno , habla claramento . do you know it ?
PERSONAZHAO-000560	hi there . i am well , thanks . yourself ?	very well ! i am just trying to get my spanish down well .	i finally finished unpacking tonight . you have a spanish test ?	love languages and study them . working on spanish . trabajo is a great word !	that is interesting . what does that word mean ?	it means cafe . what sounds good ?
PERSONAZHAO-000561	hi there . i am well , thanks . yourself ?	very well ! i am just trying to get my spanish down well .	i finally finished unpacking tonight . you have a spanish test ?	love languages and study them . working on spanish . trabajo is a great word !	that is interesting . what does that word mean ?	it was a french fry <unk> .
PERSONAZHAO-000562	hi there . i am well , thanks . yourself ?	very well ! i am just trying to get my spanish down well .	i finally finished unpacking tonight . you have a spanish test ?	love languages and study them . working on spanish . trabajo is a great word !	that is interesting . what does that word mean ?	no i did not know you was . lol . very simple
PERSONAZHAO-000563	hi there . i am well , thanks . yourself ?	very well ! i am just trying to get my spanish down well .	i finally finished unpacking tonight . you have a spanish test ?	love languages and study them . working on spanish . trabajo is a great word !	that is interesting . what does that word mean ?	i haven't heard much rap yet because i just moved here . have you been here long ?
PERSONAZHAO-000564	hello ! just got back from a weekend gig fixing a broken sink . how are you doing ?	i'm doing well . i'm getting ready to go rock climbing .	fun , i should take my kids out to do that . do you have a family ?
PERSONAZHAO-000565	hello ! just got back from a weekend gig fixing a broken sink . how are you doing ?	i'm doing well . i'm getting ready to go rock climbing .	that sounds like fun . i have been working on a novel myself .
PERSONAZHAO-000566	hello ! just got back from a weekend gig fixing a broken sink . how are you doing ?	i'm doing well . i'm getting ready to go rock climbing .	cool ! i'm watching some clouds roll in my down time .
PERSONAZHAO-000567	hello ! just got back from a weekend gig fixing a broken sink . how are you doing ?	i'm doing well . i'm getting ready to go rock climbing .	do you like to garden ?
PERSONAZHAO-000568	hello ! just got back from a weekend gig fixing a broken sink . how are you doing ?	i'm doing well . i'm getting ready to go rock climbing .	that sounds fun . i am a vet tech .
PERSONAZHAO-000569	hello ! just got back from a weekend gig fixing a broken sink . how are you doing ?	i'm doing well . i'm getting ready to go rock climbing .	my electrician salary could not afford all that !
PERSONAZHAO-000570	i drive a big truck and love driving it this time of the year .	also , that would be in my interest since its been months since i've spoken .	what type of vehicle do you drive ?	just a normal ford . nothing fancy .	i've a ford truck as well that i listen to country music .	that is nice i bet it looks nice .
PERSONAZHAO-000571	i drive a big truck and love driving it this time of the year .	also , that would be in my interest since its been months since i've spoken .	what type of vehicle do you drive ?	just a normal ford . nothing fancy .	i've a ford truck as well that i listen to country music .	nice . i like to drive around in it since i do not have a car .
PERSONAZHAO-000572	i drive a big truck and love driving it this time of the year .	also , that would be in my interest since its been months since i've spoken .	what type of vehicle do you drive ?	just a normal ford . nothing fancy .	i've a ford truck as well that i listen to country music .	i like country music too . i like to listen to music when i'm working .
PERSONAZHAO-000573	i drive a big truck and love driving it this time of the year .	also , that would be in my interest since its been months since i've spoken .	what type of vehicle do you drive ?	just a normal ford . nothing fancy .	i've a ford truck as well that i listen to country music .	i love country music . i am a country fan .
PERSONAZHAO-000574	i drive a big truck and love driving it this time of the year .	also , that would be in my interest since its been months since i've spoken .	what type of vehicle do you drive ?	just a normal ford . nothing fancy .	i've a ford truck as well that i listen to country music .	do you live by any chance ?
PERSONAZHAO-000575	i drive a big truck and love driving it this time of the year .	also , that would be in my interest since its been months since i've spoken .	what type of vehicle do you drive ?	just a normal ford . nothing fancy .	i've a ford truck as well that i listen to country music .	i am 56 . what do you do for a living ?
PERSONAZHAO-000576	awesome i like listening to it while i play tennis .	i love to spend money that i didn't earn	oh , i see that a lot in my insurance office .	what do you do for a living ?	since i was fired i found a job in insurance .	what is the pay like ?
PERSONAZHAO-000577	awesome i like listening to it while i play tennis .	i love to spend money that i didn't earn	oh , i see that a lot in my insurance office .	what do you do for a living ?	since i was fired i found a job in insurance .	i am a teacher
PERSONAZHAO-000578	awesome i like listening to it while i play tennis .	i love to spend money that i didn't earn	oh , i see that a lot in my insurance office .	what do you do for a living ?	since i was fired i found a job in insurance .	i am sorry to hear that . i am a stockbroker
PERSONAZHAO-000579	awesome i like listening to it while i play tennis .	i love to spend money that i didn't earn	oh , i see that a lot in my insurance office .	what do you do for a living ?	since i was fired i found a job in insurance .	i am a painter , i love to paint
PERSONAZHAO-000580	awesome i like listening to it while i play tennis .	i love to spend money that i didn't earn	oh , i see that a lot in my insurance office .	what do you do for a living ?	since i was fired i found a job in insurance .	how did you know that i just fire . britney spears ?
PERSONAZHAO-000581	awesome i like listening to it while i play tennis .	i love to spend money that i didn't earn	oh , i see that a lot in my insurance office .	what do you do for a living ?	since i was fired i found a job in insurance .	what else do you like ?
PERSONAZHAO-000582	in boring ohio and you ?	well , i am in the united states too , but i came from somalia .	that's so cool ! what do you do for a living ?	i am trying to get a job in the new york ballet , but i teach dance .	awesome ! i teach kindergarten ! i love it	well my story may inspire your students in that case .
PERSONAZHAO-000583	in boring ohio and you ?	well , i am in the united states too , but i came from somalia .	that's so cool ! what do you do for a living ?	i am trying to get a job in the new york ballet , but i teach dance .	awesome ! i teach kindergarten ! i love it	that's great ! i'm trying to get my ba in education .
PERSONAZHAO-000584	in boring ohio and you ?	well , i am in the united states too , but i came from somalia .	that's so cool ! what do you do for a living ?	i am trying to get a job in the new york ballet , but i teach dance .	awesome ! i teach kindergarten ! i love it	that's great ! i love kids , but i also like to travel .
PERSONAZHAO-000585	in boring ohio and you ?	well , i am in the united states too , but i came from somalia .	that's so cool ! what do you do for a living ?	i am trying to get a job in the new york ballet , but i teach dance .	awesome ! i teach kindergarten ! i love it	awesome ! i also teach yoga , do you ?
PERSONAZHAO-000586	in boring ohio and you ?	well , i am in the united states too , but i came from somalia .	that's so cool ! what do you do for a living ?	i am trying to get a job in the new york ballet , but i teach dance .	awesome ! i teach kindergarten ! i love it	nice ! i love to read , but not too much .
PERSONAZHAO-000587	in boring ohio and you ?	well , i am in the united states too , but i came from somalia .	that's so cool ! what do you do for a living ?	i am trying to get a job in the new york ballet , but i teach dance .	awesome ! i teach kindergarten ! i love it	wow that's pretty cool what else you do for fun
PERSONAZHAO-000588	do your kids like gymnastics ? it is my favorite sport ever	yeah my older one does	that is cool i have an olympic gold medal in gymnastics	awesome , you can give some lessons to my daughter	i'd love to , then we could eat italian food , garlic bread is good after workout	that sounds great and also chocolate ice cream
PERSONAZHAO-000589	do your kids like gymnastics ? it is my favorite sport ever	yeah my older one does	that is cool i have an olympic gold medal in gymnastics	awesome , you can give some lessons to my daughter	i'd love to , then we could eat italian food , garlic bread is good after workout	yeah that is a great idea , i love italian food
PERSONAZHAO-000590	do your kids like gymnastics ? it is my favorite sport ever	yeah my older one does	that is cool i have an olympic gold medal in gymnastics	awesome , you can give some lessons to my daughter	i'd love to , then we could eat italian food , garlic bread is good after workout	garlic bread is good too , i like to make my own bread
PERSONAZHAO-000591	do your kids like gymnastics ? it is my favorite sport ever	yeah my older one does	that is cool i have an olympic gold medal in gymnastics	awesome , you can give some lessons to my daughter	i'd love to , then we could eat italian food , garlic bread is good after workout	i like to skydive but not great at competing
PERSONAZHAO-000592	do your kids like gymnastics ? it is my favorite sport ever	yeah my older one does	that is cool i have an olympic gold medal in gymnastics	awesome , you can give some lessons to my daughter	i'd love to , then we could eat italian food , garlic bread is good after workout	i have some garlic bread and garlic bread bourbon salad
PERSONAZHAO-000593	do your kids like gymnastics ? it is my favorite sport ever	yeah my older one does	that is cool i have an olympic gold medal in gymnastics	awesome , you can give some lessons to my daughter	i'd love to , then we could eat italian food , garlic bread is good after workout	5000 week . definitely worth doing at some point in your life !
PERSONAZHAO-000594	that is an interesting choice . i'd have to pick french fries	i've zero family that i'm close to , lets be fam	sure . i could always use a new family member . do you like dogs ?	awesome . i love dogs they're the best	great ! i compete with show dogs	awesome , well with dogs you can not go wrong
PERSONAZHAO-000595	that is an interesting choice . i'd have to pick french fries	i've zero family that i'm close to , lets be fam	sure . i could always use a new family member . do you like dogs ?	awesome . i love dogs they're the best	great ! i compete with show dogs	what kind of show do you compete with
PERSONAZHAO-000596	that is an interesting choice . i'd have to pick french fries	i've zero family that i'm close to , lets be fam	sure . i could always use a new family member . do you like dogs ?	awesome . i love dogs they're the best	great ! i compete with show dogs	i used to show them around when i was little , i go swimming
PERSONAZHAO-000597	that is an interesting choice . i'd have to pick french fries	i've zero family that i'm close to , lets be fam	sure . i could always use a new family member . do you like dogs ?	awesome . i love dogs they're the best	great ! i compete with show dogs	i love dogs . i have a dog
PERSONAZHAO-000598	that is an interesting choice . i'd have to pick french fries	i've zero family that i'm close to , lets be fam	sure . i could always use a new family member . do you like dogs ?	awesome . i love dogs they're the best	great ! i compete with show dogs	i love dogs ! i like to run .
PERSONAZHAO-000599	that is an interesting choice . i'd have to pick french fries	i've zero family that i'm close to , lets be fam	sure . i could always use a new family member . do you like dogs ?	awesome . i love dogs they're the best	great ! i compete with show dogs	when i was a kid . i'd go to the cyclone at coney island
PERSONAZHAO-000600	was he cute ? mom says i can not date till i'm older .	he was average he did not like my favorite color orange .	i wish i had a boyfriend . then maybe i wouldn't be so lonely . are you okay ?	doing okay now just living life .	you want to see my super power ?	why not i'm up for whatever .
PERSONAZHAO-000601	was he cute ? mom says i can not date till i'm older .	he was average he did not like my favorite color orange .	i wish i had a boyfriend . then maybe i wouldn't be so lonely . are you okay ?	doing okay now just living life .	you want to see my super power ?	sure , can i wear orange daisies ?
PERSONAZHAO-000602	was he cute ? mom says i can not date till i'm older .	he was average he did not like my favorite color orange .	i wish i had a boyfriend . then maybe i wouldn't be so lonely . are you okay ?	doing okay now just living life .	you want to see my super power ?	i like when my parents take care of me .
PERSONAZHAO-000603	was he cute ? mom says i can not date till i'm older .	he was average he did not like my favorite color orange .	i wish i had a boyfriend . then maybe i wouldn't be so lonely . are you okay ?	doing okay now just living life .	you want to see my super power ?	so are you going in college ? i love cooking .
PERSONAZHAO-000604	was he cute ? mom says i can not date till i'm older .	he was average he did not like my favorite color orange .	i wish i had a boyfriend . then maybe i wouldn't be so lonely . are you okay ?	doing okay now just living life .	you want to see my super power ?	sure , what is next first time your children ?
PERSONAZHAO-000605	was he cute ? mom says i can not date till i'm older .	he was average he did not like my favorite color orange .	i wish i had a boyfriend . then maybe i wouldn't be so lonely . are you okay ?	doing okay now just living life .	you want to see my super power ?	fantastic just got home from a wonderful restaurant
PERSONAZHAO-000606	at least we are on the same page	do you like volunteering anywhere in your city ?	i do not like people	i like people and exploring new places in the city . do you like animals ?	i do . they are quiet and peaceful .	that is awesome . is there anything else you like or do not like ?
PERSONAZHAO-000607	at least we are on the same page	do you like volunteering anywhere in your city ?	i do not like people	i like people and exploring new places in the city . do you like animals ?	i do . they are quiet and peaceful .	i like to volunteer at animal shelters .
PERSONAZHAO-000608	at least we are on the same page	do you like volunteering anywhere in your city ?	i do not like people	i like people and exploring new places in the city . do you like animals ?	i do . they are quiet and peaceful .	nice . i've two dogs myself now . are you any good with dogs ?
PERSONAZHAO-000609	at least we are on the same page	do you like volunteering anywhere in your city ?	i do not like people	i like people and exploring new places in the city . do you like animals ?	i do . they are quiet and peaceful .	i like to go to the park and go to the park .
PERSONAZHAO-000610	at least we are on the same page	do you like volunteering anywhere in your city ?	i do not like people	i like people and exploring new places in the city . do you like animals ?	i do . they are quiet and peaceful .	what kinds of things do you like most ?
PERSONAZHAO-000611	at least we are on the same page	do you like volunteering anywhere in your city ?	i do not like people	i like people and exploring new places in the city . do you like animals ?	i do . they are quiet and peaceful .	poor bunnies . they need love too .
PERSONAZHAO-000612	i am kind of a psychic . do you love mickey mouse ?	get out ! i love mickey . my friend and i sing frozen songs during playground time .	i know . like i said . psychic . . .	great ! okay tell me what i am thinking now ? go !	you are singing a song from frozen in your head .	wow ! not ! okay psychic , give me six lottery numbers .
PERSONAZHAO-000613	i am kind of a psychic . do you love mickey mouse ?	get out ! i love mickey . my friend and i sing frozen songs during playground time .	i know . like i said . psychic . . .	great ! okay tell me what i am thinking now ? go !	you are singing a song from frozen in your head .	i like to sing when i remember the greetings from my parents death .
PERSONAZHAO-000614	i am kind of a psychic . do you love mickey mouse ?	get out ! i love mickey . my friend and i sing frozen songs during playground time .	i know . like i said . psychic . . .	great ! okay tell me what i am thinking now ? go !	you are singing a song from frozen in your head .	i'm gonna be the famous astronaut one day ! you gonna lift the thing ?
PERSONAZHAO-000615	i am kind of a psychic . do you love mickey mouse ?	get out ! i love mickey . my friend and i sing frozen songs during playground time .	i know . like i said . psychic . . .	great ! okay tell me what i am thinking now ? go !	you are singing a song from frozen in your head .	i am not sure . i am not sure . i like to read .
PERSONAZHAO-000616	i am kind of a psychic . do you love mickey mouse ?	get out ! i love mickey . my friend and i sing frozen songs during playground time .	i know . like i said . psychic . . .	great ! okay tell me what i am thinking now ? go !	you are singing a song from frozen in your head .	yes , i love it . i also like to sing .
PERSONAZHAO-000617	i am kind of a psychic . do you love mickey mouse ?	get out ! i love mickey . my friend and i sing frozen songs during playground time .	i know . like i said . psychic . . .	great ! okay tell me what i am thinking now ? go !	you are singing a song from frozen in your head .	pretty ! what do you do for fun ?
PERSONAZHAO-000618	i don't like comics or sci fi . they always portray women as weak .	i disagree . mary jane is a badass chick	we will have to agree to disagree . i am all about feminism .	well i can respect that i guess . i'm a male chef gender stereotypes bother me	do you only use organics ? most chefs are male .	i aim for fresh if not organic ingredients
PERSONAZHAO-000619	i don't like comics or sci fi . they always portray women as weak .	i disagree . mary jane is a badass chick	we will have to agree to disagree . i am all about feminism .	well i can respect that i guess . i'm a male chef gender stereotypes bother me	do you only use organics ? most chefs are male .	i do not use organics . i'm a vegan so i'm weird
PERSONAZHAO-000620	i don't like comics or sci fi . they always portray women as weak .	i disagree . mary jane is a badass chick	we will have to agree to disagree . i am all about feminism .	well i can respect that i guess . i'm a male chef gender stereotypes bother me	do you only use organics ? most chefs are male .	i do not use organics . i'm pretty awful at it
PERSONAZHAO-000621	i don't like comics or sci fi . they always portray women as weak .	i disagree . mary jane is a badass chick	we will have to agree to disagree . i am all about feminism .	well i can respect that i guess . i'm a male chef gender stereotypes bother me	do you only use organics ? most chefs are male .	i am . my life is too short to be an actress
PERSONAZHAO-000622	i don't like comics or sci fi . they always portray women as weak .	i disagree . mary jane is a badass chick	we will have to agree to disagree . i am all about feminism .	well i can respect that i guess . i'm a male chef gender stereotypes bother me	do you only use organics ? most chefs are male .	i eat a small few boxes and am just doing non <unk>
PERSONAZHAO-000623	i don't like comics or sci fi . they always portray women as weak .	i disagree . mary jane is a badass chick	we will have to agree to disagree . i am all about feminism .	well i can respect that i guess . i'm a male chef gender stereotypes bother me	do you only use organics ? most chefs are male .	hi , i am new to the usa , i originate from germany . how are you ?
PERSONAZHAO-000624	i drive the same mini van that i drove in college . drove it to parties	that sounds like a good car	i mean , all five of my boys fit in , but it is a train wreck	wow five boys sounds like a handful	it is , but i love them like i love coffee . tell be about you !	my parents came here from india
PERSONAZHAO-000625	i drive the same mini van that i drove in college . drove it to parties	that sounds like a good car	i mean , all five of my boys fit in , but it is a train wreck	wow five boys sounds like a handful	it is , but i love them like i love coffee . tell be about you !	i may just stay away . too busy with my job .
PERSONAZHAO-000626	i drive the same mini van that i drove in college . drove it to parties	that sounds like a good car	i mean , all five of my boys fit in , but it is a train wreck	wow five boys sounds like a handful	it is , but i love them like i love coffee . tell be about you !	i like coffee too . i drink it while i play my x box
PERSONAZHAO-000627	i drive the same mini van that i drove in college . drove it to parties	that sounds like a good car	i mean , all five of my boys fit in , but it is a train wreck	wow five boys sounds like a handful	it is , but i love them like i love coffee . tell be about you !	i like to watch sports
PERSONAZHAO-000628	i drive the same mini van that i drove in college . drove it to parties	that sounds like a good car	i mean , all five of my boys fit in , but it is a train wreck	wow five boys sounds like a handful	it is , but i love them like i love coffee . tell be about you !	i love coffee , i also love coffee .
PERSONAZHAO-000629	i drive the same mini van that i drove in college . drove it to parties	that sounds like a good car	i mean , all five of my boys fit in , but it is a train wreck	wow five boys sounds like a handful	it is , but i love them like i love coffee . tell be about you !	i've two . i also have three kiddos . one wife , lol
PERSONAZHAO-000630	good for you ! what are you studying ?	computer science its challenging but interesting	i wish you nothing but the best with that ! want to know something ?	sure what should i know	i drive the same mini van that i drove in college . drove it to parties	that sounds like a good car
PERSONAZHAO-000631	good for you ! what are you studying ?	computer science its challenging but interesting	i wish you nothing but the best with that ! want to know something ?	sure what should i know	i drive the same mini van that i drove in college . drove it to parties	oh my that's cool what do you like to pizza do you like pizza
PERSONAZHAO-000632	good for you ! what are you studying ?	computer science its challenging but interesting	i wish you nothing but the best with that ! want to know something ?	sure what should i know	i drive the same mini van that i drove in college . drove it to parties	that sounds fun do you have a big family
PERSONAZHAO-000633	good for you ! what are you studying ?	computer science its challenging but interesting	i wish you nothing but the best with that ! want to know something ?	sure what should i know	i drive the same mini van that i drove in college . drove it to parties	oh wow that s awesome
PERSONAZHAO-000634	good for you ! what are you studying ?	computer science its challenging but interesting	i wish you nothing but the best with that ! want to know something ?	sure what should i know	i drive the same mini van that i drove in college . drove it to parties	oh wow ! that's awesome ! i love to drive semis !
PERSONAZHAO-000635	good for you ! what are you studying ?	computer science its challenging but interesting	i wish you nothing but the best with that ! want to know something ?	sure what should i know	i drive the same mini van that i drove in college . drove it to parties	yum ! and vanilla ice cream .
PERSONAZHAO-000636	congratulations ! are you excited or nervous ?	i'm excited as my cousin is getting married . do you study or work ?	i do both . not tonight though .	wow so good for you . yes is weekend enjoy it .	i work in the morning , as a tour guide .	wow you are meeting a lot of people . from which city are you ?
PERSONAZHAO-000637	congratulations ! are you excited or nervous ?	i'm excited as my cousin is getting married . do you study or work ?	i do both . not tonight though .	wow so good for you . yes is weekend enjoy it .	i work in the morning , as a tour guide .	i am a housewife . also i like to cook on weekends .
PERSONAZHAO-000638	congratulations ! are you excited or nervous ?	i'm excited as my cousin is getting married . do you study or work ?	i do both . not tonight though .	wow so good for you . yes is weekend enjoy it .	i work in the morning , as a tour guide .	that's cool . i am a room mate .
PERSONAZHAO-000639	congratulations ! are you excited or nervous ?	i'm excited as my cousin is getting married . do you study or work ?	i do both . not tonight though .	wow so good for you . yes is weekend enjoy it .	i work in the morning , as a tour guide .	i hope you get a good day .
PERSONAZHAO-000640	congratulations ! are you excited or nervous ?	i'm excited as my cousin is getting married . do you study or work ?	i do both . not tonight though .	wow so good for you . yes is weekend enjoy it .	i work in the morning , as a tour guide .	wow ! i love to go to the beach .
PERSONAZHAO-000641	congratulations ! are you excited or nervous ?	i'm excited as my cousin is getting married . do you study or work ?	i do both . not tonight though .	wow so good for you . yes is weekend enjoy it .	i work in the morning , as a tour guide .	yea i rock skinny jeans and leggings you
PERSONAZHAO-000642	i just started my new one two days ago , haven't worked in 4 months	i am going to sell insurance now	that sounds like it will pay well	i really do hope so	what is your favorite food ?	i like taco bell a lot , you ?
PERSONAZHAO-000643	i just started my new one two days ago , haven't worked in 4 months	i am going to sell insurance now	that sounds like it will pay well	i really do hope so	what is your favorite food ?	i really like pizza and you ?
PERSONAZHAO-000644	i just started my new one two days ago , haven't worked in 4 months	i am going to sell insurance now	that sounds like it will pay well	i really do hope so	what is your favorite food ?	i really like hot dogs
PERSONAZHAO-000645	i just started my new one two days ago , haven't worked in 4 months	i am going to sell insurance now	that sounds like it will pay well	i really do hope so	what is your favorite food ?	i love seafood . i am also in the culinary school
PERSONAZHAO-000646	i just started my new one two days ago , haven't worked in 4 months	i am going to sell insurance now	that sounds like it will pay well	i really do hope so	what is your favorite food ?	i love italian food . i am in a cafe so i can eat meat
PERSONAZHAO-000647	i just started my new one two days ago , haven't worked in 4 months	i am going to sell insurance now	that sounds like it will pay well	i really do hope so	what is your favorite food ?	i also used to some time back when was still in high school
PERSONAZHAO-000648	ouch ! that's not good ! i do not do well with injuries , blood , etc .	my friends were all skateboarding	well i hope it gets better soon . i prefer games online rather than physical ones .	have you heard of rob dryden ?	no i haven't . who is that ?	he's a skater that i really look up to
PERSONAZHAO-000649	ouch ! that's not good ! i do not do well with injuries , blood , etc .	my friends were all skateboarding	well i hope it gets better soon . i prefer games online rather than physical ones .	have you heard of rob dryden ?	no i haven't . who is that ?	i've no idea but it sounds cool
PERSONAZHAO-000650	ouch ! that's not good ! i do not do well with injuries , blood , etc .	my friends were all skateboarding	well i hope it gets better soon . i prefer games online rather than physical ones .	have you heard of rob dryden ?	no i haven't . who is that ?	he's a comedian from canada
PERSONAZHAO-000651	ouch ! that's not good ! i do not do well with injuries , blood , etc .	my friends were all skateboarding	well i hope it gets better soon . i prefer games online rather than physical ones .	have you heard of rob dryden ?	no i haven't . who is that ?	i am a huge fan of him
PERSONAZHAO-000652	ouch ! that's not good ! i do not do well with injuries , blood , etc .	my friends were all skateboarding	well i hope it gets better soon . i prefer games online rather than physical ones .	have you heard of rob dryden ?	no i haven't . who is that ?	i don't know . i am a woman .
PERSONAZHAO-000653	ouch ! that's not good ! i do not do well with injuries , blood , etc .	my friends were all skateboarding	well i hope it gets better soon . i prefer games online rather than physical ones .	have you heard of rob dryden ?	no i haven't . who is that ?	computer science its challenging but interesting
PERSONAZHAO-000654	it is a great sport just a little dangerous , i love spiderman	i'm more of a han solo guy	i drink coffee daily , when i'm not swimming	i like to try all new blends . do you swim a lot ?	did you watch his latest movie the blade runner ?	no i didn't see that . i'm excited for the new star wars though
PERSONAZHAO-000655	it is a great sport just a little dangerous , i love spiderman	i'm more of a han solo guy	i drink coffee daily , when i'm not swimming	i like to try all new blends . do you swim a lot ?	did you watch his latest movie the blade runner ?	i watched it with my moms . she's my best friend .
PERSONAZHAO-000656	it is a great sport just a little dangerous , i love spiderman	i'm more of a han solo guy	i drink coffee daily , when i'm not swimming	i like to try all new blends . do you swim a lot ?	did you watch his latest movie the blade runner ?	yes i watched it a few weeks ago .
PERSONAZHAO-000657	it is a great sport just a little dangerous , i love spiderman	i'm more of a han solo guy	i drink coffee daily , when i'm not swimming	i like to try all new blends . do you swim a lot ?	did you watch his latest movie the blade runner ?	no i do not . i prefer much reading american !
PERSONAZHAO-000658	it is a great sport just a little dangerous , i love spiderman	i'm more of a han solo guy	i drink coffee daily , when i'm not swimming	i like to try all new blends . do you swim a lot ?	did you watch his latest movie the blade runner ?	yes i watch it on tv . i love watching the walking dead .
PERSONAZHAO-000659	it is a great sport just a little dangerous , i love spiderman	i'm more of a han solo guy	i drink coffee daily , when i'm not swimming	i like to try all new blends . do you swim a lot ?	did you watch his latest movie the blade runner ?	i raise my own food , no pool , and i do have a television .
PERSONAZHAO-000660	hey tell me about yourself ?	hello ! i'm a super fun girl and i love everything disney . how about you ?
PERSONAZHAO-000661	hey tell me about yourself ?	i like reading and i hate cleaning the house for my husband
PERSONAZHAO-000662	hey tell me about yourself ?	i'm a vegan and i love animals
PERSONAZHAO-000663	hey tell me about yourself ?	hello , i'm on my high school class .
PERSONAZHAO-000664	hey tell me about yourself ?	i love to watch movies .
PERSONAZHAO-000665	hey tell me about yourself ?	amazing . do you study and languages
PERSONAZHAO-000666	that is awesome . i love shoes that is one of my favorite things to shop for	always shopping time ! i hate carrying the bags around , someone else should do it .	lol i like carts . i also like watches . i sell watches for a living	i bought a cute watch the other day ! same one britney spears has !	that's cool . i bet you love it	i love anything britney spears , her music is amazing !
PERSONAZHAO-000667	that is awesome . i love shoes that is one of my favorite things to shop for	always shopping time ! i hate carrying the bags around , someone else should do it .	lol i like carts . i also like watches . i sell watches for a living	i bought a cute watch the other day ! same one britney spears has !	that's cool . i bet you love it	i do ! i'm glad i have it and enough to watch movies and tv !
PERSONAZHAO-000668	that is awesome . i love shoes that is one of my favorite things to shop for	always shopping time ! i hate carrying the bags around , someone else should do it .	lol i like carts . i also like watches . i sell watches for a living	i bought a cute watch the other day ! same one britney spears has !	that's cool . i bet you love it	i do ! i work in the warehouse district at a power plant so it is always on me .
PERSONAZHAO-000669	that is awesome . i love shoes that is one of my favorite things to shop for	always shopping time ! i hate carrying the bags around , someone else should do it .	lol i like carts . i also like watches . i sell watches for a living	i bought a cute watch the other day ! same one britney spears has !	that's cool . i bet you love it	yes , it is . i also love the color blue .
PERSONAZHAO-000670	that is awesome . i love shoes that is one of my favorite things to shop for	always shopping time ! i hate carrying the bags around , someone else should do it .	lol i like carts . i also like watches . i sell watches for a living	i bought a cute watch the other day ! same one britney spears has !	that's cool . i bet you love it	its ok . i love to read .
PERSONAZHAO-000671	that is awesome . i love shoes that is one of my favorite things to shop for	always shopping time ! i hate carrying the bags around , someone else should do it .	lol i like carts . i also like watches . i sell watches for a living	i bought a cute watch the other day ! same one britney spears has !	that's cool . i bet you love it	i love working with my hands but they just want people to cut grass .
PERSONAZHAO-000672	wow , tell me about these powers please	one is that i can become a boy or a girl . i am currently a boy .	oh you can switch on whim ? wow . do you like sweets ?	yes because i had my stomach transplanted .	i did not know that was a side effect , well i'm a donut fan	that is cool i can move donuts with my mind . my heart is outside of me .
PERSONAZHAO-000673	wow , tell me about these powers please	one is that i can become a boy or a girl . i am currently a boy .	oh you can switch on whim ? wow . do you like sweets ?	yes because i had my stomach transplanted .	i did not know that was a side effect , well i'm a donut fan	my father loves me but he lives to serve .
PERSONAZHAO-000674	wow , tell me about these powers please	one is that i can become a boy or a girl . i am currently a boy .	oh you can switch on whim ? wow . do you like sweets ?	yes because i had my stomach transplanted .	i did not know that was a side effect , well i'm a donut fan	my girlfriend loves sweets . i wish i could share .
PERSONAZHAO-000675	wow , tell me about these powers please	one is that i can become a boy or a girl . i am currently a boy .	oh you can switch on whim ? wow . do you like sweets ?	yes because i had my stomach transplanted .	i did not know that was a side effect , well i'm a donut fan	i love chocolate , i love them .
PERSONAZHAO-000676	wow , tell me about these powers please	one is that i can become a boy or a girl . i am currently a boy .	oh you can switch on whim ? wow . do you like sweets ?	yes because i had my stomach transplanted .	i did not know that was a side effect , well i'm a donut fan	haha so , you are in texas ? six of <unk> , all <unk> but better haha
PERSONAZHAO-000677	wow , tell me about these powers please	one is that i can become a boy or a girl . i am currently a boy .	oh you can switch on whim ? wow . do you like sweets ?	yes because i had my stomach transplanted .	i did not know that was a side effect , well i'm a donut fan	i hate reading so much i dropped out of high school !
PERSONAZHAO-000678	what kind of job do you have ?	i walk dogs to pay for college and food	that is not such a bad job . it sounds fun .	it is not stable enough and it does not pay enough	but at least you get lots of fresh air .	i get enough of that when i go kayaking
PERSONAZHAO-000679	what kind of job do you have ?	i walk dogs to pay for college and food	that is not such a bad job . it sounds fun .	it is not stable enough and it does not pay enough	but at least you get lots of fresh air .	i don't like to get fresh air . it is unhealthy
PERSONAZHAO-000680	what kind of job do you have ?	i walk dogs to pay for college and food	that is not such a bad job . it sounds fun .	it is not stable enough and it does not pay enough	but at least you get lots of fresh air .	yes that's true and i love fresh air
PERSONAZHAO-000681	what kind of job do you have ?	i walk dogs to pay for college and food	that is not such a bad job . it sounds fun .	it is not stable enough and it does not pay enough	but at least you get lots of fresh air .	yeah a few <unk> that my college is big just at my college
PERSONAZHAO-000682	what kind of job do you have ?	i walk dogs to pay for college and food	that is not such a bad job . it sounds fun .	it is not stable enough and it does not pay enough	but at least you get lots of fresh air .	yeah , but i can be a good reader when i am not doing a kitchen .
PERSONAZHAO-000683	what kind of job do you have ?	i walk dogs to pay for college and food	that is not such a bad job . it sounds fun .	it is not stable enough and it does not pay enough	but at least you get lots of fresh air .	i'm from canada , where do you live
PERSONAZHAO-000684	hi , i'm paula , what is your name	hope you are having a good evening . where are you from
PERSONAZHAO-000685	hi , i'm paula , what is your name	hi , i'm sara . i'm from the great white north .
PERSONAZHAO-000686	hi , i'm paula , what is your name	hi , i am sara . what is your name ?
PERSONAZHAO-000687	hi , i'm paula , what is your name	hi , my name is <unk> . i am anna .
PERSONAZHAO-000688	hi , i'm paula , what is your name	hi . i'm mia . i am <unk> .
PERSONAZHAO-000689	hi , i'm paula , what is your name	i am in finance , i've to be up mornings or i would sleep in .
PERSONAZHAO-000690	wow that's incredible . did they like animals ?	i think so . how do you get around ? i've a motorbike .	i like to ride my bike .	cool . my motorbike has a blue stripe and red when i race , it is shiny .	shiny bikes looks very good .	yes , and i always wear my helmet to protect my head .
PERSONAZHAO-000691	wow that's incredible . did they like animals ?	i think so . how do you get around ? i've a motorbike .	i like to ride my bike .	cool . my motorbike has a blue stripe and red when i race , it is shiny .	shiny bikes looks very good .	hehe . thank you for the positive conversation !
PERSONAZHAO-000692	wow that's incredible . did they like animals ?	i think so . how do you get around ? i've a motorbike .	i like to ride my bike .	cool . my motorbike has a blue stripe and red when i race , it is shiny .	shiny bikes looks very good .	it is ! do you have any other hobbies ?
PERSONAZHAO-000693	wow that's incredible . did they like animals ?	i think so . how do you get around ? i've a motorbike .	i like to ride my bike .	cool . my motorbike has a blue stripe and red when i race , it is shiny .	shiny bikes looks very good .	absolutely ! so often do you work ? did you have to sell that ?
PERSONAZHAO-000694	wow that's incredible . did they like animals ?	i think so . how do you get around ? i've a motorbike .	i like to ride my bike .	cool . my motorbike has a blue stripe and red when i race , it is shiny .	shiny bikes looks very good .	i like to listen to the rolling stones
PERSONAZHAO-000695	wow that's incredible . did they like animals ?	i think so . how do you get around ? i've a motorbike .	i like to ride my bike .	cool . my motorbike has a blue stripe and red when i race , it is shiny .	shiny bikes looks very good .	we do . i live on a horse farm .
PERSONAZHAO-000696	how are you ? i've been busy with all 5 cats i've .	that's a lot of cats ! i've two dogs .	that is nice . but , its winter here too cold to walk a dog .	i put coats and boots on mine . mom freaks .	oh wow , i have over 1000 hats . need any ?
PERSONAZHAO-000697	how are you ? i've been busy with all 5 cats i've .	that's a lot of cats ! i've two dogs .	that is nice . but , its winter here too cold to walk a dog .	i put coats and boots on mine . mom freaks .	i don't like to workout but i've to here and i like walking .
PERSONAZHAO-000698	how are you ? i've been busy with all 5 cats i've .	that's a lot of cats ! i've two dogs .	that is nice . but , its winter here too cold to walk a dog .	i put coats and boots on mine . mom freaks .	to save warm places , my husband worked for monsanto last year . so .
PERSONAZHAO-000699	how are you ? i've been busy with all 5 cats i've .	that's a lot of cats ! i've two dogs .	that is nice . but , its winter here too cold to walk a dog .	i put coats and boots on mine . mom freaks .	i like to sew and sew . i do not like my garden .
PERSONAZHAO-000700	how are you ? i've been busy with all 5 cats i've .	that's a lot of cats ! i've two dogs .	that is nice . but , its winter here too cold to walk a dog .	i put coats and boots on mine . mom freaks .	i love the sound of the way .
PERSONAZHAO-000701	how are you ? i've been busy with all 5 cats i've .	that's a lot of cats ! i've two dogs .	that is nice . but , its winter here too cold to walk a dog .	i put coats and boots on mine . mom freaks .	hi , i make thirty dollars an hour walking dogs . you read alot ? i do .
PERSONAZHAO-000702	i'm sure you are missing them sorry .	every second , of every day . they were and are my world	maybe you could reconcile with your wife	i tried . she found someone else , and i just want her happy .	that is nice of you to want her happy .	i meant my vows , even if i do not actually believe in god .
PERSONAZHAO-000703	i'm sure you are missing them sorry .	every second , of every day . they were and are my world	maybe you could reconcile with your wife	i tried . she found someone else , and i just want her happy .	that is nice of you to want her happy .	i love her and want her happy . i just need a new life
PERSONAZHAO-000704	i'm sure you are missing them sorry .	every second , of every day . they were and are my world	maybe you could reconcile with your wife	i tried . she found someone else , and i just want her happy .	that is nice of you to want her happy .	everybody is happy and has their kind people around so everyone is happy
PERSONAZHAO-000705	i'm sure you are missing them sorry .	every second , of every day . they were and are my world	maybe you could reconcile with your wife	i tried . she found someone else , and i just want her happy .	that is nice of you to want her happy .	i think so . i do not think i could do that !
PERSONAZHAO-000706	i'm sure you are missing them sorry .	every second , of every day . they were and are my world	maybe you could reconcile with your wife	i tried . she found someone else , and i just want her happy .	that is nice of you to want her happy .	well at least she has . i love him
PERSONAZHAO-000707	i'm sure you are missing them sorry .	every second , of every day . they were and are my world	maybe you could reconcile with your wife	i tried . she found someone else , and i just want her happy .	that is nice of you to want her happy .	i do not have a job yet . i'm just living day by day
PERSONAZHAO-000708	my parents who adopted after losing my biological ones are poor .	ah i feel you , my boyfriend broke up with me two months ago and i am sad .	what reason did he give you for breaking up with you ?	he gave me no reason , he just left and didn't even text me !	sorry , think he is not fit for you with his weird characters .	yeah he was weird , anyways i gotta go soon see ya !
PERSONAZHAO-000709	my parents who adopted after losing my biological ones are poor .	ah i feel you , my boyfriend broke up with me two months ago and i am sad .	what reason did he give you for breaking up with you ?	he gave me no reason , he just left and didn't even text me !	sorry , think he is not fit for you with his weird characters .	not really , its his fault , hope everything gets better for you .
PERSONAZHAO-000710	my parents who adopted after losing my biological ones are poor .	ah i feel you , my boyfriend broke up with me two months ago and i am sad .	what reason did he give you for breaking up with you ?	he gave me no reason , he just left and didn't even text me !	sorry , think he is not fit for you with his weird characters .	i am not sure , maybe he just needs some time to figure out these crazy thoughts .
PERSONAZHAO-000711	my parents who adopted after losing my biological ones are poor .	ah i feel you , my boyfriend broke up with me two months ago and i am sad .	what reason did he give you for breaking up with you ?	he gave me no reason , he just left and didn't even text me !	sorry , think he is not fit for you with his weird characters .	that is so true . my girlfriend is a superman man .
PERSONAZHAO-000712	my parents who adopted after losing my biological ones are poor .	ah i feel you , my boyfriend broke up with me two months ago and i am sad .	what reason did he give you for breaking up with you ?	he gave me no reason , he just left and didn't even text me !	sorry , think he is not fit for you with his weird characters .	oh , that is cool . so you are an artist ?
PERSONAZHAO-000713	my parents who adopted after losing my biological ones are poor .	ah i feel you , my boyfriend broke up with me two months ago and i am sad .	what reason did he give you for breaking up with you ?	he gave me no reason , he just left and didn't even text me !	sorry , think he is not fit for you with his weird characters .	i don't . i'm trying to immerse myself in spirituality
PERSONAZHAO-000714	do you like playing on the swings at the playground ?	i normally don't go to the playgrounds much anymore . how old are you ?	i am nine years old . how old are you ?	oh ! i am 27 years old . i am also an elementary school teacher .	what grade do you teach ? i am in third . do you like mickey mouse ?	i teach 4th grade . i love mickey mouse . i decorate my classroom with him
PERSONAZHAO-000715	do you like playing on the swings at the playground ?	i normally don't go to the playgrounds much anymore . how old are you ?	i am nine years old . how old are you ?	oh ! i am 27 years old . i am also an elementary school teacher .	what grade do you teach ? i am in third . do you like mickey mouse ?	i teach third grade . i love playing the piano . do you play anything ?
PERSONAZHAO-000716	do you like playing on the swings at the playground ?	i normally don't go to the playgrounds much anymore . how old are you ?	i am nine years old . how old are you ?	oh ! i am 27 years old . i am also an elementary school teacher .	what grade do you teach ? i am in third . do you like mickey mouse ?	i teach sixth grade . i like to play video games .
PERSONAZHAO-000717	do you like playing on the swings at the playground ?	i normally don't go to the playgrounds much anymore . how old are you ?	i am nine years old . how old are you ?	oh ! i am 27 years old . i am also an elementary school teacher .	what grade do you teach ? i am in third . do you like mickey mouse ?	i like to play the piano . i am a good at it .
PERSONAZHAO-000718	do you like playing on the swings at the playground ?	i normally don't go to the playgrounds much anymore . how old are you ?	i am nine years old . how old are you ?	oh ! i am 27 years old . i am also an elementary school teacher .	what grade do you teach ? i am in third . do you like mickey mouse ?	i teach kindergarten and i love it
PERSONAZHAO-000719	do you like playing on the swings at the playground ?	i normally don't go to the playgrounds much anymore . how old are you ?	i am nine years old . how old are you ?	oh ! i am 27 years old . i am also an elementary school teacher .	what grade do you teach ? i am in third . do you like mickey mouse ?	my favorite color is sky blue like ocean and sky
PERSONAZHAO-000720	my children are gone now	i lost my mom at a young age	my wife took them all	sorry to hear that . i barely see my dad he's in the army	i am sorry , do you like to travel ?	i do , good thing too because i am now selling insurance to companies
PERSONAZHAO-000721	my children are gone now	i lost my mom at a young age	my wife took them all	sorry to hear that . i barely see my dad he's in the army	i am sorry , do you like to travel ?	i love to travel but i have to use my computer to get to overseas
PERSONAZHAO-000722	my children are gone now	i lost my mom at a young age	my wife took them all	sorry to hear that . i barely see my dad he's in the army	i am sorry , do you like to travel ?	ok , own a horse that i race like every week on weekends
PERSONAZHAO-000723	my children are gone now	i lost my mom at a young age	my wife took them all	sorry to hear that . i barely see my dad he's in the army	i am sorry , do you like to travel ?	i do , i love to travel
PERSONAZHAO-000724	my children are gone now	i lost my mom at a young age	my wife took them all	sorry to hear that . i barely see my dad he's in the army	i am sorry , do you like to travel ?	i do , i love to travel . i love to travel .
PERSONAZHAO-000725	my children are gone now	i lost my mom at a young age	my wife took them all	sorry to hear that . i barely see my dad he's in the army	i am sorry , do you like to travel ?	i prefer italian . especially garlic bread .
PERSONAZHAO-000726	i use to live in the country with my wife .	i want to move to the big city and be a lawyer .	my wife left me . she took our children .	i am so sorry to hear that .	i'm so overweight and very unhappy .	maybe you should change your lifestyle . start exercising .
PERSONAZHAO-000727	i use to live in the country with my wife .	i want to move to the big city and be a lawyer .	my wife left me . she took our children .	i am so sorry to hear that .	i'm so overweight and very unhappy .	do you like sitting in front of the tv ?
PERSONAZHAO-000728	i use to live in the country with my wife .	i want to move to the big city and be a lawyer .	my wife left me . she took our children .	i am so sorry to hear that .	i'm so overweight and very unhappy .	maybe you could try photography to fix that .
PERSONAZHAO-000729	i use to live in the country with my wife .	i want to move to the big city and be a lawyer .	my wife left me . she took our children .	i am so sorry to hear that .	i'm so overweight and very unhappy .	i am sorry to hear that .
PERSONAZHAO-000730	i use to live in the country with my wife .	i want to move to the big city and be a lawyer .	my wife left me . she took our children .	i am so sorry to hear that .	i'm so overweight and very unhappy .	i wonder if i could go to the opera
PERSONAZHAO-000731	i use to live in the country with my wife .	i want to move to the big city and be a lawyer .	my wife left me . she took our children .	i am so sorry to hear that .	i'm so overweight and very unhappy .	wow , that sounds like an interesting job !
PERSONAZHAO-000732	i am playing my favorite game	hat game ? i love games as well , being 13 and all .	no it is on xbox	i've an xbox too . my older brother never will let me play though .	that isn't very nice	no , and i cry about it whilst i am on the bus for school . very sad .
PERSONAZHAO-000733	i am playing my favorite game	hat game ? i love games as well , being 13 and all .	no it is on xbox	i've an xbox too . my older brother never will let me play though .	that isn't very nice	do you have any other hobbies ?
PERSONAZHAO-000734	i am playing my favorite game	hat game ? i love games as well , being 13 and all .	no it is on xbox	i've an xbox too . my older brother never will let me play though .	that isn't very nice	is it on the xbox or ps4 ?
PERSONAZHAO-000735	i am playing my favorite game	hat game ? i love games as well , being 13 and all .	no it is on xbox	i've an xbox too . my older brother never will let me play though .	that isn't very nice	what do you do for fun ?
PERSONAZHAO-000736	i am playing my favorite game	hat game ? i love games as well , being 13 and all .	no it is on xbox	i've an xbox too . my older brother never will let me play though .	that isn't very nice	its a fairly difficult job , i have to be happy with that .
PERSONAZHAO-000737	i am playing my favorite game	hat game ? i love games as well , being 13 and all .	no it is on xbox	i've an xbox too . my older brother never will let me play though .	that isn't very nice	horses are a bit much for me , too big . i will stick to dogs .
PERSONAZHAO-000738	i love to eat . i eat too much when i'm bored , though . where have you been ?	mostly to europe . i go twice per year . christopher columbus is actually a distant relative .	wow . that is pretty impressive . how did you find that out ?	through one of those ancestry websites and stories passed down by my grandfather .	that's so cool . i do not think i'm related to anyone like that .	sometimes we forget famous people are the same as you and i . do you have any hobbies ?
PERSONAZHAO-000739	i love to eat . i eat too much when i'm bored , though . where have you been ?	mostly to europe . i go twice per year . christopher columbus is actually a distant relative .	wow . that is pretty impressive . how did you find that out ?	through one of those ancestry websites and stories passed down by my grandfather .	that's so cool . i do not think i'm related to anyone like that .	its ok . i was an orphan and its taught me how to be carefree .
PERSONAZHAO-000740	i love to eat . i eat too much when i'm bored , though . where have you been ?	mostly to europe . i go twice per year . christopher columbus is actually a distant relative .	wow . that is pretty impressive . how did you find that out ?	through one of those ancestry websites and stories passed down by my grandfather .	that's so cool . i do not think i'm related to anyone like that .	i'm not a related soul . love is a bit fuzzy between father and son . i do love family though .
PERSONAZHAO-000741	i love to eat . i eat too much when i'm bored , though . where have you been ?	mostly to europe . i go twice per year . christopher columbus is actually a distant relative .	wow . that is pretty impressive . how did you find that out ?	through one of those ancestry websites and stories passed down by my grandfather .	that's so cool . i do not think i'm related to anyone like that .	oh , they heat most of the time at their office home is why i work at .
PERSONAZHAO-000742	i love to eat . i eat too much when i'm bored , though . where have you been ?	mostly to europe . i go twice per year . christopher columbus is actually a distant relative .	wow . that is pretty impressive . how did you find that out ?	through one of those ancestry websites and stories passed down by my grandfather .	that's so cool . i do not think i'm related to anyone like that .	what do you do for a living ?
PERSONAZHAO-000743	i love to eat . i eat too much when i'm bored , though . where have you been ?	mostly to europe . i go twice per year . christopher columbus is actually a distant relative .	wow . that is pretty impressive . how did you find that out ?	through one of those ancestry websites and stories passed down by my grandfather .	that's so cool . i do not think i'm related to anyone like that .	hello there , friend ! wanna talk ?
PERSONAZHAO-000744	when i was in nashville i bumped into taylor swift in the bathroom !	wow , how did you feel ?	shy . i just had my mouse brown hair cut short and did not feel pretty .	let me tell you something . you are beautiful and you are perfect	that is so sweet ! thank you ! you are an incredible person .	i know how hard it is , remember youre beautiful in your own way
PERSONAZHAO-000745	when i was in nashville i bumped into taylor swift in the bathroom !	wow , how did you feel ?	shy . i just had my mouse brown hair cut short and did not feel pretty .	let me tell you something . you are beautiful and you are perfect	that is so sweet ! thank you ! you are an incredible person .	i am a very beautiful person . i am also very smart
PERSONAZHAO-000746	when i was in nashville i bumped into taylor swift in the bathroom !	wow , how did you feel ?	shy . i just had my mouse brown hair cut short and did not feel pretty .	let me tell you something . you are beautiful and you are perfect	that is so sweet ! thank you ! you are an incredible person .	wonderful . when you are perfect do you think of other people ?
PERSONAZHAO-000747	when i was in nashville i bumped into taylor swift in the bathroom !	wow , how did you feel ?	shy . i just had my mouse brown hair cut short and did not feel pretty .	let me tell you something . you are beautiful and you are perfect	that is so sweet ! thank you ! you are an incredible person .	i am glad you have a good day .
PERSONAZHAO-000748	when i was in nashville i bumped into taylor swift in the bathroom !	wow , how did you feel ?	shy . i just had my mouse brown hair cut short and did not feel pretty .	let me tell you something . you are beautiful and you are perfect	that is so sweet ! thank you ! you are an incredible person .	thank you ! i'm starting to really enjoy an <unk> relationship for the playoffs last year .
PERSONAZHAO-000749	when i was in nashville i bumped into taylor swift in the bathroom !	wow , how did you feel ?	shy . i just had my mouse brown hair cut short and did not feel pretty .	let me tell you something . you are beautiful and you are perfect	that is so sweet ! thank you ! you are an incredible person .	i am an old retired guy , so i might be doing something wrong !
PERSONAZHAO-000750	hello ! my name is sarah , how are you ?	hey i am doing well . how are you doing ?
PERSONAZHAO-000751	hello ! my name is sarah , how are you ?	i'm good . i'm jenni .
PERSONAZHAO-000752	hello ! my name is sarah , how are you ?	hi just got done practicing my channel on gov
PERSONAZHAO-000753	hello ! my name is sarah , how are you ?	hi , i'm doing well . how are you ?
PERSONAZHAO-000754	hello ! my name is sarah , how are you ?	i'm good . just got back from a hike .
PERSONAZHAO-000755	hello ! my name is sarah , how are you ?	just been waiting tables all day , now i am just trying to unwind
PERSONAZHAO-000756	hello , friend ! how are you today ?	i'm doing great ! what are you doing ?
PERSONAZHAO-000757	hello , friend ! how are you today ?	i am good . i am getting married soon .
PERSONAZHAO-000758	hello , friend ! how are you today ?	i'm doing well , how about yourself ?
PERSONAZHAO-000759	hello , friend ! how are you today ?	i am good , how are you ?
PERSONAZHAO-000760	hello , friend ! how are you today ?	i am good . how are you ?
PERSONAZHAO-000761	hello , friend ! how are you today ?	hello , how are you today ?
PERSONAZHAO-000762	hi how are you doing	i am alright , just hanging with my dog charlie . what about you ?	getting ready to go to work	nice ! where do you work ? i'm a music producer .	i am a stunt double for movies	wow , that sounds very exciting . do you get hurt often ?
PERSONAZHAO-000763	hi how are you doing	i am alright , just hanging with my dog charlie . what about you ?	getting ready to go to work	nice ! where do you work ? i'm a music producer .	i am a stunt double for movies	wow , that's impressive . i have been acting since i was five .
PERSONAZHAO-000764	hi how are you doing	i am alright , just hanging with my dog charlie . what about you ?	getting ready to go to work	nice ! where do you work ? i'm a music producer .	i am a stunt double for movies	wow , that's impressive . i've been acting since i was five .
PERSONAZHAO-000765	hi how are you doing	i am alright , just hanging with my dog charlie . what about you ?	getting ready to go to work	nice ! where do you work ? i'm a music producer .	i am a stunt double for movies	nice . i'm a software engineer . its fun learning right now !
PERSONAZHAO-000766	hi how are you doing	i am alright , just hanging with my dog charlie . what about you ?	getting ready to go to work	nice ! where do you work ? i'm a music producer .	i am a stunt double for movies	well , now the clouds are an artists , lets start the words . his life !
PERSONAZHAO-000767	hi how are you doing	i am alright , just hanging with my dog charlie . what about you ?	getting ready to go to work	nice ! where do you work ? i'm a music producer .	i am a stunt double for movies	great ! i make my own hummus . is your dog a grey dog ?
PERSONAZHAO-000768	how are you doing today	i'm doing good , how about you ?	i'm great just listening to music
PERSONAZHAO-000769	how are you doing today	i'm doing good , how about you ?	i'm good just watching dirty harry
PERSONAZHAO-000770	how are you doing today	i'm doing good , how about you ?	i'm good just playing with my dog
PERSONAZHAO-000771	how are you doing today	i'm doing good , how about you ?	i am doing very good what are your hobbies ?
PERSONAZHAO-000772	how are you doing today	i'm doing good , how about you ?	i'm doing well . just got done with my yoga class .
PERSONAZHAO-000773	how are you doing today	i'm doing good , how about you ?	do you work ? what do you do ?
PERSONAZHAO-000774	she doesn't mind that you are chatting with me when you are with her ?	she's studying to be a financial planner right now .	that sounds completely stimulating . and what do you do ?	i work for the a traveling circus . what about you ?	you are joking with me , right ? i work construction . i just finished a house today .	no i am not . it is a interesting job . is construction difficult ?
PERSONAZHAO-000775	she doesn't mind that you are chatting with me when you are with her ?	she's studying to be a financial planner right now .	that sounds completely stimulating . and what do you do ?	i work for the a traveling circus . what about you ?	you are joking with me , right ? i work construction . i just finished a house today .	i love talking to funny people . is that a hobby ?
PERSONAZHAO-000776	she doesn't mind that you are chatting with me when you are with her ?	she's studying to be a financial planner right now .	that sounds completely stimulating . and what do you do ?	i work for the a traveling circus . what about you ?	you are joking with me , right ? i work construction . i just finished a house today .	i'm not joking . i'm a juggler .
PERSONAZHAO-000777	she doesn't mind that you are chatting with me when you are with her ?	she's studying to be a financial planner right now .	that sounds completely stimulating . and what do you do ?	i work for the a traveling circus . what about you ?	you are joking with me , right ? i work construction . i just finished a house today .	i am sure you are a great person .
PERSONAZHAO-000778	she doesn't mind that you are chatting with me when you are with her ?	she's studying to be a financial planner right now .	that sounds completely stimulating . and what do you do ?	i work for the a traveling circus . what about you ?	you are joking with me , right ? i work construction . i just finished a house today .	i am a police officer , but i am a big fan of the band .
PERSONAZHAO-000779	she doesn't mind that you are chatting with me when you are with her ?	she's studying to be a financial planner right now .	that sounds completely stimulating . and what do you do ?	i work for the a traveling circus . what about you ?	you are joking with me , right ? i work construction . i just finished a house today .	hi how are you doing ?
PERSONAZHAO-000780	hello , where do you live ?	seattle . i love listening to live music here .
PERSONAZHAO-000781	hello , where do you live ?	i live in the usa . how about you ?
PERSONAZHAO-000782	hello , where do you live ?	i live in the usa , how about you ?
PERSONAZHAO-000783	hello , where do you live ?	i live in the us , how about you ?
PERSONAZHAO-000784	hello , where do you live ?	i live in california , where are you from ?
PERSONAZHAO-000785	hello , where do you live ?	that's cool . do you enjoy it ?
PERSONAZHAO-000786	oh gosh of course ! do you go to school ?	no , i'm just a watch dealer . my family do not like it	third grade has been awesome . oh no that stinks .	third grade was so fun ! good for you .	do you like mickey mouse ?	i would like him more if he got me a rolls royce ghost
PERSONAZHAO-000787	oh gosh of course ! do you go to school ?	no , i'm just a watch dealer . my family do not like it	third grade has been awesome . oh no that stinks .	third grade was so fun ! good for you .	do you like mickey mouse ?	i don't think i've heard of him .
PERSONAZHAO-000788	oh gosh of course ! do you go to school ?	no , i'm just a watch dealer . my family do not like it	third grade has been awesome . oh no that stinks .	third grade was so fun ! good for you .	do you like mickey mouse ?	i do ! i've a tiny pss
PERSONAZHAO-000789	oh gosh of course ! do you go to school ?	no , i'm just a watch dealer . my family do not like it	third grade has been awesome . oh no that stinks .	third grade was so fun ! good for you .	do you like mickey mouse ?	i do , i really like it pop though . whats yours ?
PERSONAZHAO-000790	oh gosh of course ! do you go to school ?	no , i'm just a watch dealer . my family do not like it	third grade has been awesome . oh no that stinks .	third grade was so fun ! good for you .	do you like mickey mouse ?	i like to think so . . look cute . where does that go ?
PERSONAZHAO-000791	oh gosh of course ! do you go to school ?	no , i'm just a watch dealer . my family do not like it	third grade has been awesome . oh no that stinks .	third grade was so fun ! good for you .	do you like mickey mouse ?	hey maybe i have seen you . i dance at billy bobs country line on the weekends
PERSONAZHAO-000792	i like to get in a tub full of bubbles and relax .	that sounds wonderful . i am the manager of a 7 11 store .	yes she's okay . that's so cool great i like 711 stores .	i met her once . she came into my store for a slurpee .	so cool i cannot have a drink with alcohol .	that must be hard . i like a beer after driving my nissan pathfinder .
PERSONAZHAO-000793	i like to get in a tub full of bubbles and relax .	that sounds wonderful . i am the manager of a 7 11 store .	yes she's okay . that's so cool great i like 711 stores .	i met her once . she came into my store for a slurpee .	so cool i cannot have a drink with alcohol .	this stinks .gucci is my favorite .
PERSONAZHAO-000794	i like to get in a tub full of bubbles and relax .	that sounds wonderful . i am the manager of a 7 11 store .	yes she's okay . that's so cool great i like 711 stores .	i met her once . she came into my store for a slurpee .	so cool i cannot have a drink with alcohol .	you could never have one . it is the best way to enjoy your job .
PERSONAZHAO-000795	i like to get in a tub full of bubbles and relax .	that sounds wonderful . i am the manager of a 7 11 store .	yes she's okay . that's so cool great i like 711 stores .	i met her once . she came into my store for a slurpee .	so cool i cannot have a drink with alcohol .	i do not like to drink . i like to eat .
PERSONAZHAO-000796	i like to get in a tub full of bubbles and relax .	that sounds wonderful . i am the manager of a 7 11 store .	yes she's okay . that's so cool great i like 711 stores .	i met her once . she came into my store for a slurpee .	so cool i cannot have a drink with alcohol .	i drink a lot of alcohol in my free time .
PERSONAZHAO-000797	i like to get in a tub full of bubbles and relax .	that sounds wonderful . i am the manager of a 7 11 store .	yes she's okay . that's so cool great i like 711 stores .	i met her once . she came into my store for a slurpee .	so cool i cannot have a drink with alcohol .	i am doing good watching a war documentary right now
PERSONAZHAO-000798	i read two books a month and my grandfather raised me . you ?	i like to read to , but love riding horses more . i've three .	great ! i had a horse but he died . he only ate kosher food .	was he jewish ? i tend the fields when i do not ride .	no ! i am fit with no broken bones or scars . you dance or sing ?	i sing and love rock especially while working . keeps me pumped .
PERSONAZHAO-000799	i read two books a month and my grandfather raised me . you ?	i like to read to , but love riding horses more . i've three .	great ! i had a horse but he died . he only ate kosher food .	was he jewish ? i tend the fields when i do not ride .	no ! i am fit with no broken bones or scars . you dance or sing ?	i like to dance , i just love it . i am not that artistic .
PERSONAZHAO-000800	i read two books a month and my grandfather raised me . you ?	i like to read to , but love riding horses more . i've three .	great ! i had a horse but he died . he only ate kosher food .	was he jewish ? i tend the fields when i do not ride .	no ! i am fit with no broken bones or scars . you dance or sing ?	i like singing , but i am not very good . i am pretty clumsy .
PERSONAZHAO-000801	i read two books a month and my grandfather raised me . you ?	i like to read to , but love riding horses more . i've three .	great ! i had a horse but he died . he only ate kosher food .	was he jewish ? i tend the fields when i do not ride .	no ! i am fit with no broken bones or scars . you dance or sing ?	i like to dedicated my guitar . i love music . i am vegan .
PERSONAZHAO-000802	i read two books a month and my grandfather raised me . you ?	i like to read to , but love riding horses more . i've three .	great ! i had a horse but he died . he only ate kosher food .	was he jewish ? i tend the fields when i do not ride .	no ! i am fit with no broken bones or scars . you dance or sing ?	i do . i have to be with my wife and kids .
PERSONAZHAO-000803	i read two books a month and my grandfather raised me . you ?	i like to read to , but love riding horses more . i've three .	great ! i had a horse but he died . he only ate kosher food .	was he jewish ? i tend the fields when i do not ride .	no ! i am fit with no broken bones or scars . you dance or sing ?	just listening to some music and playing video games .
PERSONAZHAO-000804	hi , i love gymnastics , the color yellow and garlic bread . jenny is my name .	hello jenny ! my name is lee and i am retired .	you workout ? i do . i've a gold medal and i'm italian .	no i don't , but i like to grill . a gold medal ! fantastic !	thanks ! you military lee ? i do gymnastics four hours a day .	no . i go south in the winter and i do like to gamble .
PERSONAZHAO-000805	hi , i love gymnastics , the color yellow and garlic bread . jenny is my name .	hello jenny ! my name is lee and i am retired .	you workout ? i do . i've a gold medal and i'm italian .	no i don't , but i like to grill . a gold medal ! fantastic !	thanks ! you military lee ? i do gymnastics four hours a day .	yes my husband is in the army . we like to cook .
PERSONAZHAO-000806	hi , i love gymnastics , the color yellow and garlic bread . jenny is my name .	hello jenny ! my name is lee and i am retired .	you workout ? i do . i've a gold medal and i'm italian .	no i don't , but i like to grill . a gold medal ! fantastic !	thanks ! you military lee ? i do gymnastics four hours a day .	no , i'm not . i'm retired . i work from home .
PERSONAZHAO-000807	hi , i love gymnastics , the color yellow and garlic bread . jenny is my name .	hello jenny ! my name is lee and i am retired .	you workout ? i do . i've a gold medal and i'm italian .	no i don't , but i like to grill . a gold medal ! fantastic !	thanks ! you military lee ? i do gymnastics four hours a day .	no , i am a runner . i want to be a dancer .
PERSONAZHAO-000808	hi , i love gymnastics , the color yellow and garlic bread . jenny is my name .	hello jenny ! my name is lee and i am retired .	you workout ? i do . i've a gold medal and i'm italian .	no i don't , but i like to grill . a gold medal ! fantastic !	thanks ! you military lee ? i do gymnastics four hours a day .	sports cars that's one reason to be a member
PERSONAZHAO-000809	hi , i love gymnastics , the color yellow and garlic bread . jenny is my name .	hello jenny ! my name is lee and i am retired .	you workout ? i do . i've a gold medal and i'm italian .	no i don't , but i like to grill . a gold medal ! fantastic !	thanks ! you military lee ? i do gymnastics four hours a day .	mail induced death is number 179 on my death list ; mailmen are forbidden in this house .
PERSONAZHAO-000810	hi . last week was my 45th birthday . i am an old man with so many infirmities !	i am in quite a pickle , do you happen to have a nickle ?	i take so many meds and they have side effects . no nickel from me !	if you visit me on the moon i can give you a birthday present	really ? how do i get there ? ! i must be hallucinating . meds make me .
PERSONAZHAO-000811	hi . last week was my 45th birthday . i am an old man with so many infirmities !	i am in quite a pickle , do you happen to have a nickle ?	i take so many meds and they have side effects . no nickel from me !	if you visit me on the moon i can give you a birthday present	that would be great ! where do you live ?
PERSONAZHAO-000812	hi . last week was my 45th birthday . i am an old man with so many infirmities !	i am in quite a pickle , do you happen to have a nickle ?	i take so many meds and they have side effects . no nickel from me !	if you visit me on the moon i can give you a birthday present	that would be wonderful ! what do you do for work ?
PERSONAZHAO-000813	hi . last week was my 45th birthday . i am an old man with so many infirmities !	i am in quite a pickle , do you happen to have a nickle ?	i take so many meds and they have side effects . no nickel from me !	if you visit me on the moon i can give you a birthday present	i have always wanted to meet a big lady . i'm not rich , nor america !
PERSONAZHAO-000814	hi . last week was my 45th birthday . i am an old man with so many infirmities !	i am in quite a pickle , do you happen to have a nickle ?	i take so many meds and they have side effects . no nickel from me !	if you visit me on the moon i can give you a birthday present	i love to go to the beach and go to the beach .
PERSONAZHAO-000815	hi . last week was my 45th birthday . i am an old man with so many infirmities !	i am in quite a pickle , do you happen to have a nickle ?	i take so many meds and they have side effects . no nickel from me !	if you visit me on the moon i can give you a birthday present	hello , i'm grilling outdoors today , how about you
PERSONAZHAO-000816	what do you do as a profession ?	i don't have one yet , i'm thinking about college . what about you ?	ah , i see . well , i have two jobs , but my side job is the interesting one .	tell me about the interesting one . what is it like ?	i am an actor of sorts . . . a stunt double ! it is really interesting work .	wow , i have never met an actor ! you must be very fit .
PERSONAZHAO-000817	what do you do as a profession ?	i don't have one yet , i'm thinking about college . what about you ?	ah , i see . well , i have two jobs , but my side job is the interesting one .	tell me about the interesting one . what is it like ?	i am an actor of sorts . . . a stunt double ! it is really interesting work .	what kind of stunt double ?
PERSONAZHAO-000818	what do you do as a profession ?	i don't have one yet , i'm thinking about college . what about you ?	ah , i see . well , i have two jobs , but my side job is the interesting one .	tell me about the interesting one . what is it like ?	i am an actor of sorts . . . a stunt double ! it is really interesting work .	what do you do for a living ?
PERSONAZHAO-000819	what do you do as a profession ?	i don't have one yet , i'm thinking about college . what about you ?	ah , i see . well , i have two jobs , but my side job is the interesting one .	tell me about the interesting one . what is it like ?	i am an actor of sorts . . . a stunt double ! it is really interesting work .	that sounds interesting . i am going to school to be a nurse .
PERSONAZHAO-000820	what do you do as a profession ?	i don't have one yet , i'm thinking about college . what about you ?	ah , i see . well , i have two jobs , but my side job is the interesting one .	tell me about the interesting one . what is it like ?	i am an actor of sorts . . . a stunt double ! it is really interesting work .	what do you do for a living ?
PERSONAZHAO-000821	what do you do as a profession ?	i don't have one yet , i'm thinking about college . what about you ?	ah , i see . well , i have two jobs , but my side job is the interesting one .	tell me about the interesting one . what is it like ?	i am an actor of sorts . . . a stunt double ! it is really interesting work .	i am studying french next ! i love languages
PERSONAZHAO-000822	hi how are you today ?	eh nothing much just a woman who is 56 years of age trying to have fun .	a woman having too much fun is leading to my divorce
PERSONAZHAO-000823	hi how are you today ?	eh nothing much just a woman who is 56 years of age trying to have fun .	do you have any kids ?
PERSONAZHAO-000824	hi how are you today ?	eh nothing much just a woman who is 56 years of age trying to have fun .	oh really why are you doing this sad thing
PERSONAZHAO-000825	hi how are you today ?	eh nothing much just a woman who is 56 years of age trying to have fun .	what do you do for a living ?
PERSONAZHAO-000826	hi how are you today ?	eh nothing much just a woman who is 56 years of age trying to have fun .	i give deeply , do not feel like it badminton lol
PERSONAZHAO-000827	hi how are you today ?	eh nothing much just a woman who is 56 years of age trying to have fun .	you and me both ! i cannot play , but sing fairly well . i'm looking for a guitarist .
PERSONAZHAO-000828	hi i am a farmer from iowa . just go in from a long day on the tractor .	ah , we are a farming family too . you have any pets ?	the farm animals and a dog . his name is lucky . do you go to church ?	we have a german shepard named bacon .	i love bacon we cook it for breakfast every sunday after church we are christain .
PERSONAZHAO-000829	hi i am a farmer from iowa . just go in from a long day on the tractor .	ah , we are a farming family too . you have any pets ?	the farm animals and a dog . his name is lucky . do you go to church ?	we have a german shepard named bacon .	i love bacon . i know it is good . i love god .
PERSONAZHAO-000830	hi i am a farmer from iowa . just go in from a long day on the tractor .	ah , we are a farming family too . you have any pets ?	the farm animals and a dog . his name is lucky . do you go to church ?	we have a german shepard named bacon .	bacon is a good meat eater and a good friend to have .
PERSONAZHAO-000831	hi i am a farmer from iowa . just go in from a long day on the tractor .	ah , we are a farming family too . you have any pets ?	the farm animals and a dog . his name is lucky . do you go to church ?	we have a german shepard named bacon .	nice ! i am a dog person .
PERSONAZHAO-000832	hi i am a farmer from iowa . just go in from a long day on the tractor .	ah , we are a farming family too . you have any pets ?	the farm animals and a dog . his name is lucky . do you go to church ?	we have a german shepard named bacon .	that is amazing ! i like dogs too .
PERSONAZHAO-000833	hi i am a farmer from iowa . just go in from a long day on the tractor .	ah , we are a farming family too . you have any pets ?	the farm animals and a dog . his name is lucky . do you go to church ?	we have a german shepard named bacon .	wonderful . i just love fish and chips . it is my weakness . i love to cook paella
PERSONAZHAO-000834	hi ! i have taken a break from my knitting to chat ! how are you ?	i am good and you , are you male or female ?	i am female , of course ! i am on the internet , am i not ?	what kind of job do you have ?	i'm retired but i love baking cookies for the bake sale . you ?	i had a condition where my heart was placed outside my body
PERSONAZHAO-000835	hi ! i have taken a break from my knitting to chat ! how are you ?	i am good and you , are you male or female ?	i am female , of course ! i am on the internet , am i not ?	what kind of job do you have ?	i'm retired but i love baking cookies for the bake sale . you ?	i'm a truck driver , i have a three wheel drive .
PERSONAZHAO-000836	hi ! i have taken a break from my knitting to chat ! how are you ?	i am good and you , are you male or female ?	i am female , of course ! i am on the internet , am i not ?	what kind of job do you have ?	i'm retired but i love baking cookies for the bake sale . you ?	cool . i'm a people kinda person . . . mostly dogs .
PERSONAZHAO-000837	hi ! i have taken a break from my knitting to chat ! how are you ?	i am good and you , are you male or female ?	i am female , of course ! i am on the internet , am i not ?	what kind of job do you have ?	i'm retired but i love baking cookies for the bake sale . you ?	i work in a factory , i love it .
PERSONAZHAO-000838	hi ! i have taken a break from my knitting to chat ! how are you ?	i am good and you , are you male or female ?	i am female , of course ! i am on the internet , am i not ?	what kind of job do you have ?	i'm retired but i love baking cookies for the bake sale . you ?	i am a baker . i love to bake .
PERSONAZHAO-000839	hi ! i have taken a break from my knitting to chat ! how are you ?	i am good and you , are you male or female ?	i am female , of course ! i am on the internet , am i not ?	what kind of job do you have ?	i'm retired but i love baking cookies for the bake sale . you ?	my next favorite is some fish and chips it is a weakness of mine
PERSONAZHAO-000840	i think i am addicted to the internet , i play rpgs all the time	i am online some but like to be outside prepping for my marathons	i started out going to vet school but due to my fear of blood i dropped out	i just started as a life coach , i could help you get motivated	that would be great , i really need to get myself together	do you like to cook ? i do so i can eat clean , its important .
PERSONAZHAO-000841	i think i am addicted to the internet , i play rpgs all the time	i am online some but like to be outside prepping for my marathons	i started out going to vet school but due to my fear of blood i dropped out	i just started as a life coach , i could help you get motivated	that would be great , i really need to get myself together	i go kayaking a lot , maybe that could help ?
PERSONAZHAO-000842	i think i am addicted to the internet , i play rpgs all the time	i am online some but like to be outside prepping for my marathons	i started out going to vet school but due to my fear of blood i dropped out	i just started as a life coach , i could help you get motivated	that would be great , i really need to get myself together	well , what do you do for fun ?
PERSONAZHAO-000843	i think i am addicted to the internet , i play rpgs all the time	i am online some but like to be outside prepping for my marathons	i started out going to vet school but due to my fear of blood i dropped out	i just started as a life coach , i could help you get motivated	that would be great , i really need to get myself together	i can not do that , i am a <unk> so i can be a lot of time
PERSONAZHAO-000844	i think i am addicted to the internet , i play rpgs all the time	i am online some but like to be outside prepping for my marathons	i started out going to vet school but due to my fear of blood i dropped out	i just started as a life coach , i could help you get motivated	that would be great , i really need to get myself together	i understand . i am a <unk> .
PERSONAZHAO-000845	i think i am addicted to the internet , i play rpgs all the time	i am online some but like to be outside prepping for my marathons	i started out going to vet school but due to my fear of blood i dropped out	i just started as a life coach , i could help you get motivated	that would be great , i really need to get myself together	my kids do not visit , so i have a lot of time on my hands , after work .
PERSONAZHAO-000846	that does sound like a busy day . i'll probably lounge by the pool .	nice . i like pools . wish i had one .	i am a pro tennis player . i got the pool for the low impact exercise .	sounds awesome . who is your favorite tennis player ?	me ! i really need a cocktail . it has been a long day .	i hear you . its been a long day for me too .
PERSONAZHAO-000847	that does sound like a busy day . i'll probably lounge by the pool .	nice . i like pools . wish i had one .	i am a pro tennis player . i got the pool for the low impact exercise .	sounds awesome . who is your favorite tennis player ?	me ! i really need a cocktail . it has been a long day .	i can imagine . i need to get off work , so i can take a break from tennis .
PERSONAZHAO-000848	that does sound like a busy day . i'll probably lounge by the pool .	nice . i like pools . wish i had one .	i am a pro tennis player . i got the pool for the low impact exercise .	sounds awesome . who is your favorite tennis player ?	me ! i really need a cocktail . it has been a long day .	i like pugs better than pools
PERSONAZHAO-000849	that does sound like a busy day . i'll probably lounge by the pool .	nice . i like pools . wish i had one .	i am a pro tennis player . i got the pool for the low impact exercise .	sounds awesome . who is your favorite tennis player ?	me ! i really need a cocktail . it has been a long day .	i like the ocean too . i like to go to the pool .
PERSONAZHAO-000850	that does sound like a busy day . i'll probably lounge by the pool .	nice . i like pools . wish i had one .	i am a pro tennis player . i got the pool for the low impact exercise .	sounds awesome . who is your favorite tennis player ?	me ! i really need a cocktail . it has been a long day .	that is a shame . i like my dog .
PERSONAZHAO-000851	that does sound like a busy day . i'll probably lounge by the pool .	nice . i like pools . wish i had one .	i am a pro tennis player . i got the pool for the low impact exercise .	sounds awesome . who is your favorite tennis player ?	me ! i really need a cocktail . it has been a long day .	cool ! i love to go rock climbing my fav summer activity .
PERSONAZHAO-000852	what did you play ? i walked dogs for nine miles total .	i played with my toys in my room .	do you like dogs ? i've three .	yes . i like dogs . what kind are they ?	i have a lab and a mixed breed .	my best friend has a cat . she lives next door to me .
PERSONAZHAO-000853	what did you play ? i walked dogs for nine miles total .	i played with my toys in my room .	do you like dogs ? i've three .	yes . i like dogs . what kind are they ?	i have a lab and a mixed breed .	are you also afraid of clowns by any chance ?
PERSONAZHAO-000854	what did you play ? i walked dogs for nine miles total .	i played with my toys in my room .	do you like dogs ? i've three .	yes . i like dogs . what kind are they ?	i have a lab and a mixed breed .	i love labradors . i've a lab and a german shepard .
PERSONAZHAO-000855	what did you play ? i walked dogs for nine miles total .	i played with my toys in my room .	do you like dogs ? i've three .	yes . i like dogs . what kind are they ?	i have a lab and a mixed breed .	i like those too . i love them .
PERSONAZHAO-000856	what did you play ? i walked dogs for nine miles total .	i played with my toys in my room .	do you like dogs ? i've three .	yes . i like dogs . what kind are they ?	i have a lab and a mixed breed .	my dog kj s . i cannot handle them
PERSONAZHAO-000857	what did you play ? i walked dogs for nine miles total .	i played with my toys in my room .	do you like dogs ? i've three .	yes . i like dogs . what kind are they ?	i have a lab and a mixed breed .	just for fun , it is very refreshing
PERSONAZHAO-000858	you and me both ! i cannot play , but sing fairly well . i'm looking for a guitarist .	i play the guitar ! i also sing and play piano .	you might be my man . or my woman ! i sing oldies . think james taylor .	i sing folk music . my parents aren't supportive .	i am sorry ! do you play in your garage ? i consider myself also a francophile .	i play in small coffee shops .
PERSONAZHAO-000859	you and me both ! i cannot play , but sing fairly well . i'm looking for a guitarist .	i play the guitar ! i also sing and play piano .	you might be my man . or my woman ! i sing oldies . think james taylor .	i sing folk music . my parents aren't supportive .	i am sorry ! do you play in your garage ? i consider myself also a francophile .	no i don't play but i wish i did .
PERSONAZHAO-000860	you and me both ! i cannot play , but sing fairly well . i'm looking for a guitarist .	i play the guitar ! i also sing and play piano .	you might be my man . or my woman ! i sing oldies . think james taylor .	i sing folk music . my parents aren't supportive .	i am sorry ! do you play in your garage ? i consider myself also a francophile .	no ! i will play in yours .
PERSONAZHAO-000861	you and me both ! i cannot play , but sing fairly well . i'm looking for a guitarist .	i play the guitar ! i also sing and play piano .	you might be my man . or my woman ! i sing oldies . think james taylor .	i sing folk music . my parents aren't supportive .	i am sorry ! do you play in your garage ? i consider myself also a francophile .	no , i've not had dinner in the garden . i am a low carb diet .
PERSONAZHAO-000862	you and me both ! i cannot play , but sing fairly well . i'm looking for a guitarist .	i play the guitar ! i also sing and play piano .	you might be my man . or my woman ! i sing oldies . think james taylor .	i sing folk music . my parents aren't supportive .	i am sorry ! do you play in your garage ? i consider myself also a francophile .	i do not have any . i do not have a car .
PERSONAZHAO-000863	you and me both ! i cannot play , but sing fairly well . i'm looking for a guitarist .	i play the guitar ! i also sing and play piano .	you might be my man . or my woman ! i sing oldies . think james taylor .	i sing folk music . my parents aren't supportive .	i am sorry ! do you play in your garage ? i consider myself also a francophile .	thinking about dye my hair and just work
PERSONAZHAO-000864	i volunteer at a shelter , they are adorable . what do you do ?	i'm a teacher and i love children .	kids are great . i donate a lot of my income to several childrens programs .	i would do that more often too if i had a larger income .	i do not have a large income , just believe in helping others .	do you like gardening ? i own a garden .
PERSONAZHAO-000865	i volunteer at a shelter , they are adorable . what do you do ?	i'm a teacher and i love children .	kids are great . i donate a lot of my income to several childrens programs .	i would do that more often too if i had a larger income .	i do not have a large income , just believe in helping others .	i can agree with that .
PERSONAZHAO-000866	i volunteer at a shelter , they are adorable . what do you do ?	i'm a teacher and i love children .	kids are great . i donate a lot of my income to several childrens programs .	i would do that more often too if i had a larger income .	i do not have a large income , just believe in helping others .	that is what my grandchildren have in common
PERSONAZHAO-000867	i volunteer at a shelter , they are adorable . what do you do ?	i'm a teacher and i love children .	kids are great . i donate a lot of my income to several childrens programs .	i would do that more often too if i had a larger income .	i do not have a large income , just believe in helping others .	i am sorry to hear that .
PERSONAZHAO-000868	i volunteer at a shelter , they are adorable . what do you do ?	i'm a teacher and i love children .	kids are great . i donate a lot of my income to several childrens programs .	i would do that more often too if i had a larger income .	i do not have a large income , just believe in helping others .	i wish you the best in farming . i have lost , mba .
PERSONAZHAO-000869	i volunteer at a shelter , they are adorable . what do you do ?	i'm a teacher and i love children .	kids are great . i donate a lot of my income to several childrens programs .	i would do that more often too if i had a larger income .	i do not have a large income , just believe in helping others .	hey i am doing well . how are you doing ?
PERSONAZHAO-000870	i'm not much into cooking . i do ride motorbike though .	do you know what paella is ? neither do i .	yes , it is a mixture of ingredients kind of thrown in one pan .	well i don't know why i love to cook it . it does not sound very tasty .	i do like meat and rice , but i don't go for things like snails or oysters .	yuck . . . snails . i would never eat a snail .
PERSONAZHAO-000871	i'm not much into cooking . i do ride motorbike though .	do you know what paella is ? neither do i .	yes , it is a mixture of ingredients kind of thrown in one pan .	well i don't know why i love to cook it . it does not sound very tasty .	i do like meat and rice , but i don't go for things like snails or oysters .	you like them on the beach ? i do .
PERSONAZHAO-000872	i'm not much into cooking . i do ride motorbike though .	do you know what paella is ? neither do i .	yes , it is a mixture of ingredients kind of thrown in one pan .	well i don't know why i love to cook it . it does not sound very tasty .	i do like meat and rice , but i don't go for things like snails or oysters .	snails are delicious . i like to eat snails too .
PERSONAZHAO-000873	i'm not much into cooking . i do ride motorbike though .	do you know what paella is ? neither do i .	yes , it is a mixture of ingredients kind of thrown in one pan .	well i don't know why i love to cook it . it does not sound very tasty .	i do like meat and rice , but i don't go for things like snails or oysters .	i like cooking too . i eat a lot of meat .
PERSONAZHAO-000874	i'm not much into cooking . i do ride motorbike though .	do you know what paella is ? neither do i .	yes , it is a mixture of ingredients kind of thrown in one pan .	well i don't know why i love to cook it . it does not sound very tasty .	i do like meat and rice , but i don't go for things like snails or oysters .	i do you have a wife ?
PERSONAZHAO-000875	i'm not much into cooking . i do ride motorbike though .	do you know what paella is ? neither do i .	yes , it is a mixture of ingredients kind of thrown in one pan .	well i don't know why i love to cook it . it does not sound very tasty .	i do like meat and rice , but i don't go for things like snails or oysters .	uh oh you better go do that
PERSONAZHAO-000876	hello ! good morning . how are you ?	hi ! good evening . are you just getting up ?	no i haven't sleep till now , i am working .
PERSONAZHAO-000877	hello ! good morning . how are you ?	hi ! good evening . are you just getting up ?	yes . i was thinking of playing a bit of tennis .
PERSONAZHAO-000878	hello ! good morning . how are you ?	hi ! good evening . are you just getting up ?	i am . i am going to bed soon . i am tired .
PERSONAZHAO-000879	hello ! good morning . how are you ?	hi ! good evening . are you just getting up ?	i am going to the store . what are you up to ?
PERSONAZHAO-000880	hello ! good morning . how are you ?	hi ! good evening . are you just getting up ?	i am just watching the news .
PERSONAZHAO-000881	hello ! good morning . how are you ?	hi ! good evening . are you just getting up ?	neat . my husband was adopted and he's spanish .
PERSONAZHAO-000882	hi there how are you tonight ?	i'm tired from milking the cows .	well i know i am strong for a 100 but i don't think i can do that	100 ? ! that's older then my dad ! would you make your son milk cows ?	yea because i sure can't do it
PERSONAZHAO-000883	hi there how are you tonight ?	i'm tired from milking the cows .	well i know i am strong for a 100 but i don't think i can do that	100 ? ! that's older then my dad ! would you make your son milk cows ?	haha i'd but i don't think we can afford it
PERSONAZHAO-000884	hi there how are you tonight ?	i'm tired from milking the cows .	well i know i am strong for a 100 but i don't think i can do that	100 ? ! that's older then my dad ! would you make your son milk cows ?	sure i would but i am allergic to all dairy
PERSONAZHAO-000885	hi there how are you tonight ?	i'm tired from milking the cows .	well i know i am strong for a 100 but i don't think i can do that	100 ? ! that's older then my dad ! would you make your son milk cows ?	nope , i always run crazy onto how my back last 2 years
PERSONAZHAO-000886	hi there how are you tonight ?	i'm tired from milking the cows .	well i know i am strong for a 100 but i don't think i can do that	100 ? ! that's older then my dad ! would you make your son milk cows ?	he can do that . he will not be my thing .
PERSONAZHAO-000887	hi there how are you tonight ?	i'm tired from milking the cows .	well i know i am strong for a 100 but i don't think i can do that	100 ? ! that's older then my dad ! would you make your son milk cows ?	hi how are you doing
PERSONAZHAO-000888	thanks , just started new job as a pa so hopefully good maternity leave	what is a pa ? never heard of that	personal assistant . what kind of work do you do ?	i'm a professional skateboarder	wow very cool ! my husband likes to skateboard on weekends	i currently cant skate due to a broke arm
PERSONAZHAO-000889	thanks , just started new job as a pa so hopefully good maternity leave	what is a pa ? never heard of that	personal assistant . what kind of work do you do ?	i'm a professional skateboarder	wow very cool ! my husband likes to skateboard on weekends	i like to skateboard on weekends too
PERSONAZHAO-000890	thanks , just started new job as a pa so hopefully good maternity leave	what is a pa ? never heard of that	personal assistant . what kind of work do you do ?	i'm a professional skateboarder	wow very cool ! my husband likes to skateboard on weekends	is that something you do all the time ?
PERSONAZHAO-000891	thanks , just started new job as a pa so hopefully good maternity leave	what is a pa ? never heard of that	personal assistant . what kind of work do you do ?	i'm a professional skateboarder	wow very cool ! my husband likes to skateboard on weekends	do you have any hobbies ?
PERSONAZHAO-000892	thanks , just started new job as a pa so hopefully good maternity leave	what is a pa ? never heard of that	personal assistant . what kind of work do you do ?	i'm a professional skateboarder	wow very cool ! my husband likes to skateboard on weekends	my favorite sport is hockey . i love hockey .
PERSONAZHAO-000893	thanks , just started new job as a pa so hopefully good maternity leave	what is a pa ? never heard of that	personal assistant . what kind of work do you do ?	i'm a professional skateboarder	wow very cool ! my husband likes to skateboard on weekends	it sure does , and i needed it for my cancer treatments .
PERSONAZHAO-000894	no , but i like to go at least twice a year .	that is nice where are you in particular	usa , they have good fish and chips here , which i love to eat !	i live in a small town so i don't travel much	travelling is great , i've been on many cruises	that is fun i live on a horse farm
PERSONAZHAO-000895	no , but i like to go at least twice a year .	that is nice where are you in particular	usa , they have good fish and chips here , which i love to eat !	i live in a small town so i don't travel much	travelling is great , i've been on many cruises	nice ! have you been to any laptops
PERSONAZHAO-000896	no , but i like to go at least twice a year .	that is nice where are you in particular	usa , they have good fish and chips here , which i love to eat !	i live in a small town so i don't travel much	travelling is great , i've been on many cruises	i love to travel and i always meet new people
PERSONAZHAO-000897	no , but i like to go at least twice a year .	that is nice where are you in particular	usa , they have good fish and chips here , which i love to eat !	i live in a small town so i don't travel much	travelling is great , i've been on many cruises	that's canada do you take more outside
PERSONAZHAO-000898	no , but i like to go at least twice a year .	that is nice where are you in particular	usa , they have good fish and chips here , which i love to eat !	i live in a small town so i don't travel much	travelling is great , i've been on many cruises	i wish i could travel the world . i love traveling and being out of the country .
PERSONAZHAO-000899	no , but i like to go at least twice a year .	that is nice where are you in particular	usa , they have good fish and chips here , which i love to eat !	i live in a small town so i don't travel much	travelling is great , i've been on many cruises	that doesn't sound fun
