PERSONAUSR-000000	hi there how are you doing this evening ?	hi , sitting here with my three dogs watching the olympics !	nice i do not want to go back to work i am a waitress	i love being in a polyamorous open relationship !	iol well i wish i was brave enough to do that	my father was a salesman , helps my dog walking business now	that is nice i've a motorbike don't know what car to get for winter	very very cool . sounds fun	yes i had them put red with blue stripes to be shinny for when racing	so is my dog , wow so cool	so what do you do in your spare time ?	lead singer for a band , music teacher	wow nice are you really good ?	millions of plays on soundcloud	really would you share or are you shy	i know what you mean spend most nights cuddling my dog and star watching
PERSONAUSR-000001	hi there how are you doing this evening ?	hi , sitting here with my three dogs watching the olympics !	nice i do not want to go back to work i am a waitress	i love being in a polyamorous open relationship !	iol well i wish i was brave enough to do that	my father was a salesman , helps my dog walking business now	that is nice i've a motorbike don't know what car to get for winter	very very cool . sounds fun	yes i had them put red with blue stripes to be shinny for when racing	so is my dog , wow so cool	so what do you do in your spare time ?	lead singer for a band , music teacher	wow nice are you really good ?	millions of plays on soundcloud	really would you share or are you shy	i am a little shy but i am a little shy
PERSONAUSR-000002	hi there how are you doing this evening ?	hi , sitting here with my three dogs watching the olympics !	nice i do not want to go back to work i am a waitress	i love being in a polyamorous open relationship !	iol well i wish i was brave enough to do that	my father was a salesman , helps my dog walking business now	that is nice i've a motorbike don't know what car to get for winter	very very cool . sounds fun	yes i had them put red with blue stripes to be shinny for when racing	so is my dog , wow so cool	so what do you do in your spare time ?	lead singer for a band , music teacher	wow nice are you really good ?	millions of plays on soundcloud	really would you share or are you shy	i am not . i am a student .
PERSONAUSR-000003	hi there how are you doing this evening ?	hi , sitting here with my three dogs watching the olympics !	nice i do not want to go back to work i am a waitress	i love being in a polyamorous open relationship !	iol well i wish i was brave enough to do that	my father was a salesman , helps my dog walking business now	that is nice i've a motorbike don't know what car to get for winter	very very cool . sounds fun	yes i had them put red with blue stripes to be shinny for when racing	so is my dog , wow so cool	so what do you do in your spare time ?	lead singer for a band , music teacher	wow nice are you really good ?	millions of plays on soundcloud	really would you share or are you shy	i only feel comfortable sharing my music with my dogs !
PERSONAUSR-000004	hi there how are you doing this evening ?	hi , sitting here with my three dogs watching the olympics !	nice i do not want to go back to work i am a waitress	i love being in a polyamorous open relationship !	iol well i wish i was brave enough to do that	my father was a salesman , helps my dog walking business now	that is nice i've a motorbike don't know what car to get for winter	very very cool . sounds fun	yes i had them put red with blue stripes to be shinny for when racing	so is my dog , wow so cool	so what do you do in your spare time ?	lead singer for a band , music teacher	wow nice are you really good ?	millions of plays on soundcloud	really would you share or are you shy	ha ha i'm so shy
PERSONAUSR-000005	hello there , how are you ?	i am well and you ? in honor of aim i'll ask a s l	45 m chicago in town . just trying to stay away from the bars	i am 37 f tampa . i like my walks on the beach and cheeseburgers in paradise .	funny thing is i came from farm life	i was named after a horse . my boyfriend likes to may nay sounds at me .	sounds like the crazy medicine i take	just do not mix with alcohol or can get crazy around here .	i used to be an alcoholic so no can do	i tend to stick to my water only . soda is worse !	that's what everyone should strive for	as long as i have my french fries !	well everyone can cheat once in a while	of course . now all of this has made me hungry .	you can go for some grub	i will win , i am telling you . then i will drive my sx into the stars .
PERSONAUSR-000006	hello there , how are you ?	i am well and you ? in honor of aim i'll ask a s l	45 m chicago in town . just trying to stay away from the bars	i am 37 f tampa . i like my walks on the beach and cheeseburgers in paradise .	funny thing is i came from farm life	i was named after a horse . my boyfriend likes to may nay sounds at me .	sounds like the crazy medicine i take	just do not mix with alcohol or can get crazy around here .	i used to be an alcoholic so no can do	i tend to stick to my water only . soda is worse !	that's what everyone should strive for	as long as i have my french fries !	well everyone can cheat once in a while	of course . now all of this has made me hungry .	you can go for some grub	i will try that . i am a bit of a tea person .
PERSONAUSR-000007	hello there , how are you ?	i am well and you ? in honor of aim i'll ask a s l	45 m chicago in town . just trying to stay away from the bars	i am 37 f tampa . i like my walks on the beach and cheeseburgers in paradise .	funny thing is i came from farm life	i was named after a horse . my boyfriend likes to may nay sounds at me .	sounds like the crazy medicine i take	just do not mix with alcohol or can get crazy around here .	i used to be an alcoholic so no can do	i tend to stick to my water only . soda is worse !	that's what everyone should strive for	as long as i have my french fries !	well everyone can cheat once in a while	of course . now all of this has made me hungry .	you can go for some grub	i do not know what to say .
PERSONAUSR-000008	hello there , how are you ?	i am well and you ? in honor of aim i'll ask a s l	45 m chicago in town . just trying to stay away from the bars	i am 37 f tampa . i like my walks on the beach and cheeseburgers in paradise .	funny thing is i came from farm life	i was named after a horse . my boyfriend likes to may nay sounds at me .	sounds like the crazy medicine i take	just do not mix with alcohol or can get crazy around here .	i used to be an alcoholic so no can do	i tend to stick to my water only . soda is worse !	that's what everyone should strive for	as long as i have my french fries !	well everyone can cheat once in a while	of course . now all of this has made me hungry .	you can go for some grub	maybe i'll take go for a walk and get a burger after .
PERSONAUSR-000009	hello there , how are you ?	i am well and you ? in honor of aim i'll ask a s l	45 m chicago in town . just trying to stay away from the bars	i am 37 f tampa . i like my walks on the beach and cheeseburgers in paradise .	funny thing is i came from farm life	i was named after a horse . my boyfriend likes to may nay sounds at me .	sounds like the crazy medicine i take	just do not mix with alcohol or can get crazy around here .	i used to be an alcoholic so no can do	i tend to stick to my water only . soda is worse !	that's what everyone should strive for	as long as i have my french fries !	well everyone can cheat once in a while	of course . now all of this has made me hungry .	you can go for some grub	chicago has some great places to eat too .
PERSONAUSR-000010	hi ! how are you ? i just moved from germany to usa , nice place so far !	that's great , i am a grad student	do you have any hobbies ? i really love sky diving , rollercoasters and cooking shows !	you are going skydiving ? working on an acrylic canvas peace for a skydiving school
PERSONAUSR-000011	hi ! how are you ? i just moved from germany to usa , nice place so far !	that's great , i am a grad student	do you have any hobbies ? i really love sky diving , rollercoasters and cooking shows !	i love to read and read books
PERSONAUSR-000012	hi ! how are you ? i just moved from germany to usa , nice place so far !	that's great , i am a grad student	do you have any hobbies ? i really love sky diving , rollercoasters and cooking shows !	i like to go fishing . i love to go fishing .
PERSONAUSR-000013	hi ! how are you ? i just moved from germany to usa , nice place so far !	that's great , i am a grad student	do you have any hobbies ? i really love sky diving , rollercoasters and cooking shows !	wow skydiving sounds fun ! i enjoy reading journals about psychology and i love to kayak !
PERSONAUSR-000014	hi ! how are you ? i just moved from germany to usa , nice place so far !	that's great , i am a grad student	do you have any hobbies ? i really love sky diving , rollercoasters and cooking shows !	kayaking and reading psychology books
PERSONAUSR-000015	hello , how are you today ? do you like rabbits ?	no i rather dog . i own two of them .	i volunteer at a shelter , they are adorable . what do you do ?	i'm a teacher and i love children .	kids are great . i donate a lot of my income to several childrens programs .	i would do that more often too if i had a larger income .	i do not have a large income , just believe in helping others .	do you like gardening ? i own a garden .	i do love gardening . i work in a shipyard .	i love the smell of the flowers in the air .	i do too , it is one of lifes greatest pleasures .	oh , you should start a rose garden
PERSONAUSR-000016	hello , how are you today ? do you like rabbits ?	no i rather dog . i own two of them .	i volunteer at a shelter , they are adorable . what do you do ?	i'm a teacher and i love children .	kids are great . i donate a lot of my income to several childrens programs .	i would do that more often too if i had a larger income .	i do not have a large income , just believe in helping others .	do you like gardening ? i own a garden .	i do love gardening . i work in a shipyard .	i love the smell of the flowers in the air .	i do too , it is one of lifes greatest pleasures .	i love the outdoors . i love to garden .
PERSONAUSR-000017	hello , how are you today ? do you like rabbits ?	no i rather dog . i own two of them .	i volunteer at a shelter , they are adorable . what do you do ?	i'm a teacher and i love children .	kids are great . i donate a lot of my income to several childrens programs .	i would do that more often too if i had a larger income .	i do not have a large income , just believe in helping others .	do you like gardening ? i own a garden .	i do love gardening . i work in a shipyard .	i love the smell of the flowers in the air .	i do too , it is one of lifes greatest pleasures .	i like to eat too much junk food .
PERSONAUSR-000018	hello , how are you today ? do you like rabbits ?	no i rather dog . i own two of them .	i volunteer at a shelter , they are adorable . what do you do ?	i'm a teacher and i love children .	kids are great . i donate a lot of my income to several childrens programs .	i would do that more often too if i had a larger income .	i do not have a large income , just believe in helping others .	do you like gardening ? i own a garden .	i do love gardening . i work in a shipyard .	i love the smell of the flowers in the air .	i do too , it is one of lifes greatest pleasures .	one of my greatest pleasures is going to church every week .
PERSONAUSR-000019	hello , how are you today ? do you like rabbits ?	no i rather dog . i own two of them .	i volunteer at a shelter , they are adorable . what do you do ?	i'm a teacher and i love children .	kids are great . i donate a lot of my income to several childrens programs .	i would do that more often too if i had a larger income .	i do not have a large income , just believe in helping others .	do you like gardening ? i own a garden .	i do love gardening . i work in a shipyard .	i love the smell of the flowers in the air .	i do too , it is one of lifes greatest pleasures .	you life is so short . some time you forget about the little things .
PERSONAUSR-000020	hello ! who am i speaking with today ?	hi , my name is taylor . you might know my dad , he was a construction worker .	i may very well . what he in the military ? i was .	no , do you like coffee ? because i love it !	no . i don't drink coffee .	what ? well how about alcohol , i hate alcohol and the color pink	i don't drink alcohol . my favorite color is blue . navy blue .	i like pink , i think blue is too masculine color .
PERSONAUSR-000021	hello ! who am i speaking with today ?	hi , my name is taylor . you might know my dad , he was a construction worker .	i may very well . what he in the military ? i was .	no , do you like coffee ? because i love it !	no . i don't drink coffee .	what ? well how about alcohol , i hate alcohol and the color pink	i don't drink alcohol . my favorite color is blue . navy blue .	i like blue , but i like to go mountain bike .
PERSONAUSR-000022	hello ! who am i speaking with today ?	hi , my name is taylor . you might know my dad , he was a construction worker .	i may very well . what he in the military ? i was .	no , do you like coffee ? because i love it !	no . i don't drink coffee .	what ? well how about alcohol , i hate alcohol and the color pink	i don't drink alcohol . my favorite color is blue . navy blue .	i like red , reminds me of summer time .
PERSONAUSR-000023	hello ! who am i speaking with today ?	hi , my name is taylor . you might know my dad , he was a construction worker .	i may very well . what he in the military ? i was .	no , do you like coffee ? because i love it !	no . i don't drink coffee .	what ? well how about alcohol , i hate alcohol and the color pink	i don't drink alcohol . my favorite color is blue . navy blue .	do you have any hobbies ? i enjoy mountain biking !
PERSONAUSR-000024	hello ! who am i speaking with today ?	hi , my name is taylor . you might know my dad , he was a construction worker .	i may very well . what he in the military ? i was .	no , do you like coffee ? because i love it !	no . i don't drink coffee .	what ? well how about alcohol , i hate alcohol and the color pink	i don't drink alcohol . my favorite color is blue . navy blue .	i love blue too , i also enjoy mountain biking . have you ever tried it ?
PERSONAUSR-000025	hello . how are you today ?	i am a geek , because i love programming study for it now	i am a construction worker . i do not know much about computers	i am doing good , and you ? i also teach swimming locally	that must be interesting . i don't have time outside of house building to do much	that is fine , do you like death metal music ?	no , not really . i'm more into stuff from the eighties .	i see , i'm from india and you ?	ohio . pretty boring , really . just me and my 5 cats . do you have pets ?	do you like eighties music ? i love it .	yep . absolutely . great stuff . bon jovi , poison , journey . . . all the hair bands	no , i had a dog and a turtle in the past	that is cool . why don't you have pets now ?	yeah , i love those bands , you like hard stuff ?	like metallica ? they are definitely cool .	yeah , i definitely like rock more than metal .
PERSONAUSR-000026	hello . how are you today ?	i am a geek , because i love programming study for it now	i am a construction worker . i do not know much about computers	i am doing good , and you ? i also teach swimming locally	that must be interesting . i don't have time outside of house building to do much	that is fine , do you like death metal music ?	no , not really . i'm more into stuff from the eighties .	i see , i'm from india and you ?	ohio . pretty boring , really . just me and my 5 cats . do you have pets ?	do you like eighties music ? i love it .	yep . absolutely . great stuff . bon jovi , poison , journey . . . all the hair bands	no , i had a dog and a turtle in the past	that is cool . why don't you have pets now ?	yeah , i love those bands , you like hard stuff ?	like metallica ? they are definitely cool .	i like them too . they are my favorite .
PERSONAUSR-000027	hello . how are you today ?	i am a geek , because i love programming study for it now	i am a construction worker . i do not know much about computers	i am doing good , and you ? i also teach swimming locally	that must be interesting . i don't have time outside of house building to do much	that is fine , do you like death metal music ?	no , not really . i'm more into stuff from the eighties .	i see , i'm from india and you ?	ohio . pretty boring , really . just me and my 5 cats . do you have pets ?	do you like eighties music ? i love it .	yep . absolutely . great stuff . bon jovi , poison , journey . . . all the hair bands	no , i had a dog and a turtle in the past	that is cool . why don't you have pets now ?	yeah , i love those bands , you like hard stuff ?	like metallica ? they are definitely cool .	i do , i like to go out to eat with my family .
PERSONAUSR-000028	hello . how are you today ?	i am a geek , because i love programming study for it now	i am a construction worker . i do not know much about computers	i am doing good , and you ? i also teach swimming locally	that must be interesting . i don't have time outside of house building to do much	that is fine , do you like death metal music ?	no , not really . i'm more into stuff from the eighties .	i see , i'm from india and you ?	ohio . pretty boring , really . just me and my 5 cats . do you have pets ?	do you like eighties music ? i love it .	yep . absolutely . great stuff . bon jovi , poison , journey . . . all the hair bands	no , i had a dog and a turtle in the past	that is cool . why don't you have pets now ?	yeah , i love those bands , you like hard stuff ?	like metallica ? they are definitely cool .	yes ! i love blasting death metal while programming .
PERSONAUSR-000029	hello . how are you today ?	i am a geek , because i love programming study for it now	i am a construction worker . i do not know much about computers	i am doing good , and you ? i also teach swimming locally	that must be interesting . i don't have time outside of house building to do much	that is fine , do you like death metal music ?	no , not really . i'm more into stuff from the eighties .	i see , i'm from india and you ?	ohio . pretty boring , really . just me and my 5 cats . do you have pets ?	do you like eighties music ? i love it .	yep . absolutely . great stuff . bon jovi , poison , journey . . . all the hair bands	no , i had a dog and a turtle in the past	that is cool . why don't you have pets now ?	yeah , i love those bands , you like hard stuff ?	like metallica ? they are definitely cool .	i do not want to talk about my pets
PERSONAUSR-000030	hey . where are you from ? i'm from a farm in wisconsin	i love ice cream what is your favorite ? mine is chocolate	mine is mint chocolate chip	i get up early everyday and eat ice cream
PERSONAUSR-000031	hey . where are you from ? i'm from a farm in wisconsin	i love ice cream what is your favorite ? mine is chocolate	mine is mint chocolate chip	i like chocolate chip cookies
PERSONAUSR-000032	hey . where are you from ? i'm from a farm in wisconsin	i love ice cream what is your favorite ? mine is chocolate	mine is mint chocolate chip	i like the color red . i like the color blue .
PERSONAUSR-000033	hey . where are you from ? i'm from a farm in wisconsin	i love ice cream what is your favorite ? mine is chocolate	mine is mint chocolate chip	my three kids love mint chocolate chip !
PERSONAUSR-000034	hey . where are you from ? i'm from a farm in wisconsin	i love ice cream what is your favorite ? mine is chocolate	mine is mint chocolate chip	i love wife and my kids they love chocolate ice cream also
PERSONAUSR-000035	hi . how are you ?	hello , i am very well . and you ?	i am good . do you have a favorite band ?	i do , i love metallica , i never heard them in india .	i love the rolling stones . i see their concert every year .	they are great too . so are the chili peppers .	yes . they're . what do you do ?	i am in college , studying it .	i'm too . economics major .	very nice . i'd love to travel .	that would be great ! we just bought a house so no travel soon	i am looking at a house as well .	i'm married and have two kids . we needed more space .	i'd like children and a husband one day .	i follow a raw diet . do you ?	i have a brother who lives in england , but sometimes he goes to my timeshare in mexico
PERSONAUSR-000036	hi . how are you ?	hello , i am very well . and you ?	i am good . do you have a favorite band ?	i do , i love metallica , i never heard them in india .	i love the rolling stones . i see their concert every year .	they are great too . so are the chili peppers .	yes . they're . what do you do ?	i am in college , studying it .	i'm too . economics major .	very nice . i'd love to travel .	that would be great ! we just bought a house so no travel soon	i am looking at a house as well .	i'm married and have two kids . we needed more space .	i'd like children and a husband one day .	i follow a raw diet . do you ?	i do . i love to swim .
PERSONAUSR-000037	hi . how are you ?	hello , i am very well . and you ?	i am good . do you have a favorite band ?	i do , i love metallica , i never heard them in india .	i love the rolling stones . i see their concert every year .	they are great too . so are the chili peppers .	yes . they're . what do you do ?	i am in college , studying it .	i'm too . economics major .	very nice . i'd love to travel .	that would be great ! we just bought a house so no travel soon	i am looking at a house as well .	i'm married and have two kids . we needed more space .	i'd like children and a husband one day .	i follow a raw diet . do you ?	i do not , but i do like to eat .
PERSONAUSR-000038	hi . how are you ?	hello , i am very well . and you ?	i am good . do you have a favorite band ?	i do , i love metallica , i never heard them in india .	i love the rolling stones . i see their concert every year .	they are great too . so are the chili peppers .	yes . they're . what do you do ?	i am in college , studying it .	i'm too . economics major .	very nice . i'd love to travel .	that would be great ! we just bought a house so no travel soon	i am looking at a house as well .	i'm married and have two kids . we needed more space .	i'd like children and a husband one day .	i follow a raw diet . do you ?	i don't watch my diet , but i spend a lot of time at my local pool . i'm a swim coach !
PERSONAUSR-000039	hi . how are you ?	hello , i am very well . and you ?	i am good . do you have a favorite band ?	i do , i love metallica , i never heard them in india .	i love the rolling stones . i see their concert every year .	they are great too . so are the chili peppers .	yes . they're . what do you do ?	i am in college , studying it .	i'm too . economics major .	very nice . i'd love to travel .	that would be great ! we just bought a house so no travel soon	i am looking at a house as well .	i'm married and have two kids . we needed more space .	i'd like children and a husband one day .	i follow a raw diet . do you ?	oh no . i prepare traditional dishes .
PERSONAUSR-000040	hi ! i don't like the color orange .	hello . i like to shoot hoops , so orange balls are good with me .	that's amazing . i like dancing on weekends . you ?	right now i am applying for jobs , i want to work in a restaurant .	that is amazing . good luck . i do not like fashion though .	i get you , my favorite rapper is pretty stylish , travis scott .	i totally like travis . i liked doing chemistry too	awesome . my mom wanted to be a chemist , but ended up a dentist ! go figure !	it seems to be hard to be a chemist . what do you do ?	unemployed at the moment , i really want to work at a snazzy restaurant .	you will get it . do not worry . i now work in a nice bookstore .	i actually wait tables in a restaurant , you ?
PERSONAUSR-000041	hi ! i don't like the color orange .	hello . i like to shoot hoops , so orange balls are good with me .	that's amazing . i like dancing on weekends . you ?	right now i am applying for jobs , i want to work in a restaurant .	that is amazing . good luck . i do not like fashion though .	i get you , my favorite rapper is pretty stylish , travis scott .	i totally like travis . i liked doing chemistry too	awesome . my mom wanted to be a chemist , but ended up a dentist ! go figure !	it seems to be hard to be a chemist . what do you do ?	unemployed at the moment , i really want to work at a snazzy restaurant .	you will get it . do not worry . i now work in a nice bookstore .	i am looking for a job at a restaurant .
PERSONAUSR-000042	hi ! i don't like the color orange .	hello . i like to shoot hoops , so orange balls are good with me .	that's amazing . i like dancing on weekends . you ?	right now i am applying for jobs , i want to work in a restaurant .	that is amazing . good luck . i do not like fashion though .	i get you , my favorite rapper is pretty stylish , travis scott .	i totally like travis . i liked doing chemistry too	awesome . my mom wanted to be a chemist , but ended up a dentist ! go figure !	it seems to be hard to be a chemist . what do you do ?	unemployed at the moment , i really want to work at a snazzy restaurant .	you will get it . do not worry . i now work in a nice bookstore .	i am a student , but i am a student .
PERSONAUSR-000043	hi ! i don't like the color orange .	hello . i like to shoot hoops , so orange balls are good with me .	that's amazing . i like dancing on weekends . you ?	right now i am applying for jobs , i want to work in a restaurant .	that is amazing . good luck . i do not like fashion though .	i get you , my favorite rapper is pretty stylish , travis scott .	i totally like travis . i liked doing chemistry too	awesome . my mom wanted to be a chemist , but ended up a dentist ! go figure !	it seems to be hard to be a chemist . what do you do ?	unemployed at the moment , i really want to work at a snazzy restaurant .	you will get it . do not worry . i now work in a nice bookstore .	that's awesome ! anyway , i'm going to go play basketball now .
PERSONAUSR-000044	hi ! i don't like the color orange .	hello . i like to shoot hoops , so orange balls are good with me .	that's amazing . i like dancing on weekends . you ?	right now i am applying for jobs , i want to work in a restaurant .	that is amazing . good luck . i do not like fashion though .	i get you , my favorite rapper is pretty stylish , travis scott .	i totally like travis . i liked doing chemistry too	awesome . my mom wanted to be a chemist , but ended up a dentist ! go figure !	it seems to be hard to be a chemist . what do you do ?	unemployed at the moment , i really want to work at a snazzy restaurant .	you will get it . do not worry . i now work in a nice bookstore .	i love to read . i'd rack up a big bill working in a bookstore .
PERSONAUSR-000045	hello . do you speak another language ?	hi , i love sports because my parents are athletic	my dad is works with electronics . i love the guitar and the violin	oh , cool ! electric or acoustic ? me , just got back from running to soccer practice
PERSONAUSR-000046	hello . do you speak another language ?	hi , i love sports because my parents are athletic	my dad is works with electronics . i love the guitar and the violin	i love to run and do marathons .
PERSONAUSR-000047	hello . do you speak another language ?	hi , i love sports because my parents are athletic	my dad is works with electronics . i love the guitar and the violin	i like to go fishing .
PERSONAUSR-000048	hello . do you speak another language ?	hi , i love sports because my parents are athletic	my dad is works with electronics . i love the guitar and the violin	wow you're very musical ! i recently got hired as a life coach !
PERSONAUSR-000049	hello . do you speak another language ?	hi , i love sports because my parents are athletic	my dad is works with electronics . i love the guitar and the violin	i do speak another language and you ?
PERSONAUSR-000050	hello i am 60 years old	hi ! i just sat down to listen to some classical music .	i love classical music as a librarian its my favorite	being a christian i also like christian rock . do you like to read ?	i love to read , i have been to spain and while there i read more than ever	never been there . i love to ride on my tractor . i love the outdoors .	i'll be retiring in a few years , do you like camping ?	i do ! i am very different from my sister . she is a pole dancer in a club .	that is a big difference . when you camp , how do you cook ?	with a campfire and cast iron pans .	i will love relaxing in nature .	i just purchased a beautiful red sweater . red is my absolute favorite color .	that's perfect for the holidays . i love to sew sweaters and hoodies .	i love to crochet ! it is time to start thinking about the holidays !	yes , i sometimes use a loom for crochet too .	i like red . i dyed my hair red .
PERSONAUSR-000051	hello i am 60 years old	hi ! i just sat down to listen to some classical music .	i love classical music as a librarian its my favorite	being a christian i also like christian rock . do you like to read ?	i love to read , i have been to spain and while there i read more than ever	never been there . i love to ride on my tractor . i love the outdoors .	i'll be retiring in a few years , do you like camping ?	i do ! i am very different from my sister . she is a pole dancer in a club .	that is a big difference . when you camp , how do you cook ?	with a campfire and cast iron pans .	i will love relaxing in nature .	i just purchased a beautiful red sweater . red is my absolute favorite color .	that's perfect for the holidays . i love to sew sweaters and hoodies .	i love to crochet ! it is time to start thinking about the holidays !	yes , i sometimes use a loom for crochet too .	i love to sew and make clothes .
PERSONAUSR-000052	hello i am 60 years old	hi ! i just sat down to listen to some classical music .	i love classical music as a librarian its my favorite	being a christian i also like christian rock . do you like to read ?	i love to read , i have been to spain and while there i read more than ever	never been there . i love to ride on my tractor . i love the outdoors .	i'll be retiring in a few years , do you like camping ?	i do ! i am very different from my sister . she is a pole dancer in a club .	that is a big difference . when you camp , how do you cook ?	with a campfire and cast iron pans .	i will love relaxing in nature .	i just purchased a beautiful red sweater . red is my absolute favorite color .	that's perfect for the holidays . i love to sew sweaters and hoodies .	i love to crochet ! it is time to start thinking about the holidays !	yes , i sometimes use a loom for crochet too .	i like to eat fish .
PERSONAUSR-000053	hello i am 60 years old	hi ! i just sat down to listen to some classical music .	i love classical music as a librarian its my favorite	being a christian i also like christian rock . do you like to read ?	i love to read , i have been to spain and while there i read more than ever	never been there . i love to ride on my tractor . i love the outdoors .	i'll be retiring in a few years , do you like camping ?	i do ! i am very different from my sister . she is a pole dancer in a club .	that is a big difference . when you camp , how do you cook ?	with a campfire and cast iron pans .	i will love relaxing in nature .	i just purchased a beautiful red sweater . red is my absolute favorite color .	that's perfect for the holidays . i love to sew sweaters and hoodies .	i love to crochet ! it is time to start thinking about the holidays !	yes , i sometimes use a loom for crochet too .	cool ! do you celebrate christmas ? as a christian , it's one of my favorite times of the year !
PERSONAUSR-000054	hello i am 60 years old	hi ! i just sat down to listen to some classical music .	i love classical music as a librarian its my favorite	being a christian i also like christian rock . do you like to read ?	i love to read , i have been to spain and while there i read more than ever	never been there . i love to ride on my tractor . i love the outdoors .	i'll be retiring in a few years , do you like camping ?	i do ! i am very different from my sister . she is a pole dancer in a club .	that is a big difference . when you camp , how do you cook ?	with a campfire and cast iron pans .	i will love relaxing in nature .	i just purchased a beautiful red sweater . red is my absolute favorite color .	that's perfect for the holidays . i love to sew sweaters and hoodies .	i love to crochet ! it is time to start thinking about the holidays !	yes , i sometimes use a loom for crochet too .	i never used a loom but will have to try sometime .
PERSONAUSR-000055	i there i'm from pennsylvania . how about you ?	i'm in ohio . we are almost neighbors .	i know . do you have any kids ? i am expecting my first child soon .	congratulations ! i do not have any kids . the musician lifestyle is too hard for that .	oh that sounds exciting . i just became a pa 3 months ago . my job is boring .	i'm sorry to hear that . is there something you would rather be doing ?	making documentaries because i love them .	wow . that sounds pretty interesting . what subjects would you focus on ?	my husband and his job	wow . he must be a pretty interesting guy if you are going to do a documentary .	he is the best that's why i let him impregnate me	he is awesome . he is a musician and his music ironic for my life
PERSONAUSR-000056	i there i'm from pennsylvania . how about you ?	i'm in ohio . we are almost neighbors .	i know . do you have any kids ? i am expecting my first child soon .	congratulations ! i do not have any kids . the musician lifestyle is too hard for that .	oh that sounds exciting . i just became a pa 3 months ago . my job is boring .	i'm sorry to hear that . is there something you would rather be doing ?	making documentaries because i love them .	wow . that sounds pretty interesting . what subjects would you focus on ?	my husband and his job	wow . he must be a pretty interesting guy if you are going to do a documentary .	he is the best that's why i let him impregnate me	i am not sure . i am a musician .
PERSONAUSR-000057	i there i'm from pennsylvania . how about you ?	i'm in ohio . we are almost neighbors .	i know . do you have any kids ? i am expecting my first child soon .	congratulations ! i do not have any kids . the musician lifestyle is too hard for that .	oh that sounds exciting . i just became a pa 3 months ago . my job is boring .	i'm sorry to hear that . is there something you would rather be doing ?	making documentaries because i love them .	wow . that sounds pretty interesting . what subjects would you focus on ?	my husband and his job	wow . he must be a pretty interesting guy if you are going to do a documentary .	he is the best that's why i let him impregnate me	i am sorry to hear that . do you have any hobbies ?
PERSONAUSR-000058	i there i'm from pennsylvania . how about you ?	i'm in ohio . we are almost neighbors .	i know . do you have any kids ? i am expecting my first child soon .	congratulations ! i do not have any kids . the musician lifestyle is too hard for that .	oh that sounds exciting . i just became a pa 3 months ago . my job is boring .	i'm sorry to hear that . is there something you would rather be doing ?	making documentaries because i love them .	wow . that sounds pretty interesting . what subjects would you focus on ?	my husband and his job	wow . he must be a pretty interesting guy if you are going to do a documentary .	he is the best that's why i let him impregnate me	wow . i'm interested in languages and love to learn them . i would definitely watch a documentary about languages !
PERSONAUSR-000059	i there i'm from pennsylvania . how about you ?	i'm in ohio . we are almost neighbors .	i know . do you have any kids ? i am expecting my first child soon .	congratulations ! i do not have any kids . the musician lifestyle is too hard for that .	oh that sounds exciting . i just became a pa 3 months ago . my job is boring .	i'm sorry to hear that . is there something you would rather be doing ?	making documentaries because i love them .	wow . that sounds pretty interesting . what subjects would you focus on ?	my husband and his job	wow . he must be a pretty interesting guy if you are going to do a documentary .	he is the best that's why i let him impregnate me	so what else do you like to do besides make documentaries ?
PERSONAUSR-000060	hello ! are you interested in adopting a rescued bunny ?	i love bunnies but i'm busy moving into a new apartment with my boyfriend	i'd have loved to live with my girlfriend before i went into the navy	the navy sounds tough . i teach elementary school .	i only joined because i love the color . i much prefer working with the bunny rescue , now .	i would like to take pictures of the bunnies . do you help alot of rabbits ?	yes , by volunteering and donating to them each month . what do take pictures of ?	i just enjoy photography and the colors red and silver .	i've a silver eared bunny you would love , with a red , white , and navy blue bow .	i love the color red . who is your favorite band ?
PERSONAUSR-000061	hello ! are you interested in adopting a rescued bunny ?	i love bunnies but i'm busy moving into a new apartment with my boyfriend	i'd have loved to live with my girlfriend before i went into the navy	the navy sounds tough . i teach elementary school .	i only joined because i love the color . i much prefer working with the bunny rescue , now .	i would like to take pictures of the bunnies . do you help alot of rabbits ?	yes , by volunteering and donating to them each month . what do take pictures of ?	i just enjoy photography and the colors red and silver .	i've a silver eared bunny you would love , with a red , white , and navy blue bow .	i love the color red and my favorite color is red
PERSONAUSR-000062	hello ! are you interested in adopting a rescued bunny ?	i love bunnies but i'm busy moving into a new apartment with my boyfriend	i'd have loved to live with my girlfriend before i went into the navy	the navy sounds tough . i teach elementary school .	i only joined because i love the color . i much prefer working with the bunny rescue , now .	i would like to take pictures of the bunnies . do you help alot of rabbits ?	yes , by volunteering and donating to them each month . what do take pictures of ?	i just enjoy photography and the colors red and silver .	i've a silver eared bunny you would love , with a red , white , and navy blue bow .	i like the color red . i like red .
PERSONAUSR-000063	hello ! are you interested in adopting a rescued bunny ?	i love bunnies but i'm busy moving into a new apartment with my boyfriend	i'd have loved to live with my girlfriend before i went into the navy	the navy sounds tough . i teach elementary school .	i only joined because i love the color . i much prefer working with the bunny rescue , now .	i would like to take pictures of the bunnies . do you help alot of rabbits ?	yes , by volunteering and donating to them each month . what do take pictures of ?	i just enjoy photography and the colors red and silver .	i've a silver eared bunny you would love , with a red , white , and navy blue bow .	it sounsd great ! maybe i can keep it as a class pet at my elementary school .
PERSONAUSR-000064	hello ! are you interested in adopting a rescued bunny ?	i love bunnies but i'm busy moving into a new apartment with my boyfriend	i'd have loved to live with my girlfriend before i went into the navy	the navy sounds tough . i teach elementary school .	i only joined because i love the color . i much prefer working with the bunny rescue , now .	i would like to take pictures of the bunnies . do you help alot of rabbits ?	yes , by volunteering and donating to them each month . what do take pictures of ?	i just enjoy photography and the colors red and silver .	i've a silver eared bunny you would love , with a red , white , and navy blue bow .	your bunny sounds adorable . bunnies are very gentle and quiet animals
PERSONAUSR-000065	hello hope your having a good night tonight ? i know i am .	that is good ! i am watching football highlights .	really what teams . and who are you rooting for .	i'm a green bay packer fan . do you like football ?	no i am not a fan but my son is .	how many kids do you have ?	2 children both fully grow . they never drop by .	i have kids too . i also have a couple pets .	pets ? what kind dogs cats fish or birds ?	what kind of dogs do you have .
PERSONAUSR-000066	hello hope your having a good night tonight ? i know i am .	that is good ! i am watching football highlights .	really what teams . and who are you rooting for .	i'm a green bay packer fan . do you like football ?	no i am not a fan but my son is .	how many kids do you have ?	2 children both fully grow . they never drop by .	i have kids too . i also have a couple pets .	pets ? what kind dogs cats fish or birds ?	i have a dog and a cat .
PERSONAUSR-000067	hello hope your having a good night tonight ? i know i am .	that is good ! i am watching football highlights .	really what teams . and who are you rooting for .	i'm a green bay packer fan . do you like football ?	no i am not a fan but my son is .	how many kids do you have ?	2 children both fully grow . they never drop by .	i have kids too . i also have a couple pets .	pets ? what kind dogs cats fish or birds ?	i do not have any pets , but i do like to go fishing .
PERSONAUSR-000068	hello hope your having a good night tonight ? i know i am .	that is good ! i am watching football highlights .	really what teams . and who are you rooting for .	i'm a green bay packer fan . do you like football ?	no i am not a fan but my son is .	how many kids do you have ?	2 children both fully grow . they never drop by .	i have kids too . i also have a couple pets .	pets ? what kind dogs cats fish or birds ?	i have a dog . i love to play catch with him in my front yard !
PERSONAUSR-000069	hello hope your having a good night tonight ? i know i am .	that is good ! i am watching football highlights .	really what teams . and who are you rooting for .	i'm a green bay packer fan . do you like football ?	no i am not a fan but my son is .	how many kids do you have ?	2 children both fully grow . they never drop by .	i have kids too . i also have a couple pets .	pets ? what kind dogs cats fish or birds ?	i've two dogs . what about you ?
PERSONAUSR-000070	my name is joan , and i live in illinois . i'm a kindergarten teacher .	hello joan ! i'm chrissy from minnesota . i'm building a robot for my work .	that sounds exciting ! i'm clumsy with electronics .	the nearest one to me is a long drive a away , but i do not mind .
PERSONAUSR-000071	my name is joan , and i live in illinois . i'm a kindergarten teacher .	hello joan ! i'm chrissy from minnesota . i'm building a robot for my work .	that sounds exciting ! i'm clumsy with electronics .	i am a huge sports fan . i am a huge fan of gaming .
PERSONAUSR-000072	my name is joan , and i live in illinois . i'm a kindergarten teacher .	hello joan ! i'm chrissy from minnesota . i'm building a robot for my work .	that sounds exciting ! i'm clumsy with electronics .	i am sorry to hear that . i am a nurse .
PERSONAUSR-000073	my name is joan , and i live in illinois . i'm a kindergarten teacher .	hello joan ! i'm chrissy from minnesota . i'm building a robot for my work .	that sounds exciting ! i'm clumsy with electronics .	i love electronics . i helped design the game starcraft ! have you played it ?
PERSONAUSR-000074	my name is joan , and i live in illinois . i'm a kindergarten teacher .	hello joan ! i'm chrissy from minnesota . i'm building a robot for my work .	that sounds exciting ! i'm clumsy with electronics .	this robot will help me because i'm allergic to water ! do you enjoy teaching ?
PERSONAUSR-000075	hi , i am taking a break from studying my computer programming	what is computer programming , i am new to the united states .	i'm from india so i understand . it is telling computers how to run programs	cool , i was born in somalia , but my aunt helped me escape .	that was nice of her ! my aunt taught me how to swim	i had to get away , i was forced to marry young , but now i am happy	did you take your spouse with you ?	no , i had to escape him . it was not fun times .	i am sorry . i am glad you are safe now	thank you , do you do anything in your free time ?	i love death metal music . i listen and write some too .	death metal , is that the music you get whip lash from ?	yeah ! i also coach competitive swimming .	really ? i have quite the vast collection of purple swimming suits
PERSONAUSR-000076	hi , i am taking a break from studying my computer programming	what is computer programming , i am new to the united states .	i'm from india so i understand . it is telling computers how to run programs	cool , i was born in somalia , but my aunt helped me escape .	that was nice of her ! my aunt taught me how to swim	i had to get away , i was forced to marry young , but now i am happy	did you take your spouse with you ?	no , i had to escape him . it was not fun times .	i am sorry . i am glad you are safe now	thank you , do you do anything in your free time ?	i love death metal music . i listen and write some too .	death metal , is that the music you get whip lash from ?	yeah ! i also coach competitive swimming .	i love swimming , but i do not have time for that
PERSONAUSR-000077	hi , i am taking a break from studying my computer programming	what is computer programming , i am new to the united states .	i'm from india so i understand . it is telling computers how to run programs	cool , i was born in somalia , but my aunt helped me escape .	that was nice of her ! my aunt taught me how to swim	i had to get away , i was forced to marry young , but now i am happy	did you take your spouse with you ?	no , i had to escape him . it was not fun times .	i am sorry . i am glad you are safe now	thank you , do you do anything in your free time ?	i love death metal music . i listen and write some too .	death metal , is that the music you get whip lash from ?	yeah ! i also coach competitive swimming .	i like to go to the gym and listen to music .
PERSONAUSR-000078	hi , i am taking a break from studying my computer programming	what is computer programming , i am new to the united states .	i'm from india so i understand . it is telling computers how to run programs	cool , i was born in somalia , but my aunt helped me escape .	that was nice of her ! my aunt taught me how to swim	i had to get away , i was forced to marry young , but now i am happy	did you take your spouse with you ?	no , i had to escape him . it was not fun times .	i am sorry . i am glad you are safe now	thank you , do you do anything in your free time ?	i love death metal music . i listen and write some too .	death metal , is that the music you get whip lash from ?	yeah ! i also coach competitive swimming .	that sounds very fun ! i never learned to swim in somalia , maybe i'll try it now .
PERSONAUSR-000079	hi , i am taking a break from studying my computer programming	what is computer programming , i am new to the united states .	i'm from india so i understand . it is telling computers how to run programs	cool , i was born in somalia , but my aunt helped me escape .	that was nice of her ! my aunt taught me how to swim	i had to get away , i was forced to marry young , but now i am happy	did you take your spouse with you ?	no , i had to escape him . it was not fun times .	i am sorry . i am glad you are safe now	thank you , do you do anything in your free time ?	i love death metal music . i listen and write some too .	death metal , is that the music you get whip lash from ?	yeah ! i also coach competitive swimming .	swimming is fun ! have you met any olympians ?
PERSONAUSR-000080	hello , how are you ? where abouts are you ?	i'm in chicago . where are you ?	in scotland . is chicago as cold and wet as it is here ?	yes , but i am allergic to water . this is very unfortunate .	it is . how do you keep clean ?	i don't go outside much . i stay clean this way .	i want to go outside . i managed to break my arm skateboarding so i m stuck indoors .	i only stream to my 100 , 000 subscribers on twitch . i do not play real sports	100k is very impressive . how long did it take to get that many ?	since i helped make starcraft , my name was already out there . 6 months .	made as in developed ? that s very cool .	just give me a couple fish and some cheeseburgers to grill and i am happy
PERSONAUSR-000081	hello , how are you ? where abouts are you ?	i'm in chicago . where are you ?	in scotland . is chicago as cold and wet as it is here ?	yes , but i am allergic to water . this is very unfortunate .	it is . how do you keep clean ?	i don't go outside much . i stay clean this way .	i want to go outside . i managed to break my arm skateboarding so i m stuck indoors .	i only stream to my 100 , 000 subscribers on twitch . i do not play real sports	100k is very impressive . how long did it take to get that many ?	since i helped make starcraft , my name was already out there . 6 months .	made as in developed ? that s very cool .	i am a professional , i am a huge fan of the game .
PERSONAUSR-000082	hello , how are you ? where abouts are you ?	i'm in chicago . where are you ?	in scotland . is chicago as cold and wet as it is here ?	yes , but i am allergic to water . this is very unfortunate .	it is . how do you keep clean ?	i don't go outside much . i stay clean this way .	i want to go outside . i managed to break my arm skateboarding so i m stuck indoors .	i only stream to my 100 , 000 subscribers on twitch . i do not play real sports	100k is very impressive . how long did it take to get that many ?	since i helped make starcraft , my name was already out there . 6 months .	made as in developed ? that s very cool .	i do not know what to say .
PERSONAUSR-000083	hello , how are you ? where abouts are you ?	i'm in chicago . where are you ?	in scotland . is chicago as cold and wet as it is here ?	yes , but i am allergic to water . this is very unfortunate .	it is . how do you keep clean ?	i don't go outside much . i stay clean this way .	i want to go outside . i managed to break my arm skateboarding so i m stuck indoors .	i only stream to my 100 , 000 subscribers on twitch . i do not play real sports	100k is very impressive . how long did it take to get that many ?	since i helped make starcraft , my name was already out there . 6 months .	made as in developed ? that s very cool .	thank you . now i'm building a robot to be my body double !
PERSONAUSR-000084	hello , how are you ? where abouts are you ?	i'm in chicago . where are you ?	in scotland . is chicago as cold and wet as it is here ?	yes , but i am allergic to water . this is very unfortunate .	it is . how do you keep clean ?	i don't go outside much . i stay clean this way .	i want to go outside . i managed to break my arm skateboarding so i m stuck indoors .	i only stream to my 100 , 000 subscribers on twitch . i do not play real sports	100k is very impressive . how long did it take to get that many ?	since i helped make starcraft , my name was already out there . 6 months .	made as in developed ? that s very cool .	designed , yes . now i'm making a robot to be a body double of myself .
PERSONAUSR-000085	hello how are you today	i am doing great , watching a little basketball . what are you up to ?
PERSONAUSR-000086	hello how are you today	i'm doing great , how are you ?
PERSONAUSR-000087	hello how are you today	i'm doing well . how are you ?
PERSONAUSR-000088	hello how are you today	i'm good , just spending time with my amazing wife and kids . how are you ?
PERSONAUSR-000089	hello how are you today	i'm doing very well thank you . how are you ?
PERSONAUSR-000090	hello , how are you doing today ?	i am okay . i wish my children would visit more , though .	i am sorry to hear that . i turn to my spouse in times like that .	i do , as well . though my husband liked me more when i was younger and prettier .	that's unfortunate . have you talked to anyone about this ?	nothing . i am never going an extra mile again for sure .
PERSONAUSR-000091	hello , how are you doing today ?	i am okay . i wish my children would visit more , though .	i am sorry to hear that . i turn to my spouse in times like that .	i do , as well . though my husband liked me more when i was younger and prettier .	that's unfortunate . have you talked to anyone about this ?	i was a little too . i was a very good painter .
PERSONAUSR-000092	hello , how are you doing today ?	i am okay . i wish my children would visit more , though .	i am sorry to hear that . i turn to my spouse in times like that .	i do , as well . though my husband liked me more when i was younger and prettier .	that's unfortunate . have you talked to anyone about this ?	no , i do not . i am a big fan of classical music .
PERSONAUSR-000093	hello , how are you doing today ?	i am okay . i wish my children would visit more , though .	i am sorry to hear that . i turn to my spouse in times like that .	i do , as well . though my husband liked me more when i was younger and prettier .	that's unfortunate . have you talked to anyone about this ?	i haven't . i'm 56 years old so i've learned to deal with these things by now .
PERSONAUSR-000094	hello , how are you doing today ?	i am okay . i wish my children would visit more , though .	i am sorry to hear that . i turn to my spouse in times like that .	i do , as well . though my husband liked me more when i was younger and prettier .	that's unfortunate . have you talked to anyone about this ?	no , i keep to myself . my housekeeping job isn't exactly a social one .
PERSONAUSR-000095	hi my name is jill how are you today ?	what is your name ?
PERSONAUSR-000096	hi my name is jill how are you today ?	i'm great . how are you ?
PERSONAUSR-000097	hi my name is jill how are you today ?	i'm doing well . how are you ?
PERSONAUSR-000098	hi my name is jill how are you today ?	i'm great . just finished my part time job at burger king . how are you ?
PERSONAUSR-000099	hi my name is jill how are you today ?	i am doing well . about to go to my job at burger king .
PERSONAUSR-000100	hey , i enjoy mowing lawns in the summer	hello . how are you ? my pet turtle and i are sitting here .	my turtle and myself love to grill outside	mommy says to pick up toys . i do not like to . i want to play dolls !	yeah , i have been retired for a long time ! years !	cool . maybe you know my nephew ? he is in school and says i am the best aunt ever !
PERSONAUSR-000101	hey , i enjoy mowing lawns in the summer	hello . how are you ? my pet turtle and i are sitting here .	my turtle and myself love to grill outside	mommy says to pick up toys . i do not like to . i want to play dolls !	yeah , i have been retired for a long time ! years !	i have been retired , but i do not know what to do .
PERSONAUSR-000102	hey , i enjoy mowing lawns in the summer	hello . how are you ? my pet turtle and i are sitting here .	my turtle and myself love to grill outside	mommy says to pick up toys . i do not like to . i want to play dolls !	yeah , i have been retired for a long time ! years !	i am sorry to hear that . i am sorry to hear that .
PERSONAUSR-000103	hey , i enjoy mowing lawns in the summer	hello . how are you ? my pet turtle and i are sitting here .	my turtle and myself love to grill outside	mommy says to pick up toys . i do not like to . i want to play dolls !	yeah , i have been retired for a long time ! years !	cool . do you live close to your friends ? my best friend is next door !
PERSONAUSR-000104	hey , i enjoy mowing lawns in the summer	hello . how are you ? my pet turtle and i are sitting here .	my turtle and myself love to grill outside	mommy says to pick up toys . i do not like to . i want to play dolls !	yeah , i have been retired for a long time ! years !	i want to go next door and play with my best friend , not work !
PERSONAUSR-000105	hello . my softball game was canceled due to the hurricane .	oh how are you doing ? i'm sorry to hear that .	doing great . daddy was in the army , he taught me things .	i once lived in my moms house .	mine passed when i was eight .	i am more of a drink at home and watch movies kind of person
PERSONAUSR-000106	hello . my softball game was canceled due to the hurricane .	oh how are you doing ? i'm sorry to hear that .	doing great . daddy was in the army , he taught me things .	i once lived in my moms house .	mine passed when i was eight .	oh wow . i am sorry to hear that .
PERSONAUSR-000107	hello . my softball game was canceled due to the hurricane .	oh how are you doing ? i'm sorry to hear that .	doing great . daddy was in the army , he taught me things .	i once lived in my moms house .	mine passed when i was eight .	i am sorry to hear that . i am sorry to hear that .
PERSONAUSR-000108	hello . my softball game was canceled due to the hurricane .	oh how are you doing ? i'm sorry to hear that .	doing great . daddy was in the army , he taught me things .	i once lived in my moms house .	mine passed when i was eight .	sorry to hear that ! my boyfriend lost his mom at a young age too !
PERSONAUSR-000109	hello . my softball game was canceled due to the hurricane .	oh how are you doing ? i'm sorry to hear that .	doing great . daddy was in the army , he taught me things .	i once lived in my moms house .	mine passed when i was eight .	i'm so sorry mines too in my twenties .
PERSONAUSR-000110	hello . can you move objects with your mind ?	hi how are you doing ? i am okay no i wish i could .	i'm great . i had heart surgery and woke up with weird superpowers .	i'm so sorry to hear that i believe your powers are from the lord .	i do not know . my heart was outside of my body now it is in .	i tend to watch large amounts of t . v . on free times .	i love the walking dead . are you a fan ?	yes i am a fan and love zombie and vampire movies too	i like captain america and star wars .	what super powers did you awake with ?	moving objects with my mind .	ok that's cool and i like going to the gym most days .	i like to swim and walk on the beach .	the beach is nice , but i do not get to go too often .
PERSONAUSR-000111	hello . can you move objects with your mind ?	hi how are you doing ? i am okay no i wish i could .	i'm great . i had heart surgery and woke up with weird superpowers .	i'm so sorry to hear that i believe your powers are from the lord .	i do not know . my heart was outside of my body now it is in .	i tend to watch large amounts of t . v . on free times .	i love the walking dead . are you a fan ?	yes i am a fan and love zombie and vampire movies too	i like captain america and star wars .	what super powers did you awake with ?	moving objects with my mind .	ok that's cool and i like going to the gym most days .	i like to swim and walk on the beach .	i love to swim and watch tv
PERSONAUSR-000112	hello . can you move objects with your mind ?	hi how are you doing ? i am okay no i wish i could .	i'm great . i had heart surgery and woke up with weird superpowers .	i'm so sorry to hear that i believe your powers are from the lord .	i do not know . my heart was outside of my body now it is in .	i tend to watch large amounts of t . v . on free times .	i love the walking dead . are you a fan ?	yes i am a fan and love zombie and vampire movies too	i like captain america and star wars .	what super powers did you awake with ?	moving objects with my mind .	ok that's cool and i like going to the gym most days .	i like to swim and walk on the beach .	i like to go fishing .
PERSONAUSR-000113	hello . can you move objects with your mind ?	hi how are you doing ? i am okay no i wish i could .	i'm great . i had heart surgery and woke up with weird superpowers .	i'm so sorry to hear that i believe your powers are from the lord .	i do not know . my heart was outside of my body now it is in .	i tend to watch large amounts of t . v . on free times .	i love the walking dead . are you a fan ?	yes i am a fan and love zombie and vampire movies too	i like captain america and star wars .	what super powers did you awake with ?	moving objects with my mind .	ok that's cool and i like going to the gym most days .	i like to swim and walk on the beach .	swimming sounds fun . i honestly just go to the gym to socialize !
PERSONAUSR-000114	hello . can you move objects with your mind ?	hi how are you doing ? i am okay no i wish i could .	i'm great . i had heart surgery and woke up with weird superpowers .	i'm so sorry to hear that i believe your powers are from the lord .	i do not know . my heart was outside of my body now it is in .	i tend to watch large amounts of t . v . on free times .	i love the walking dead . are you a fan ?	yes i am a fan and love zombie and vampire movies too	i like captain america and star wars .	what super powers did you awake with ?	moving objects with my mind .	ok that's cool and i like going to the gym most days .	i like to swim and walk on the beach .	i've a job inside my apartment i like working home .
PERSONAUSR-000115	good morning to you how are you today	i'm well , glad to type to you . how are you ?	i'm great i'm in school and i'm the queen of homecoming	one great seafood place nearby . i always get their crab and dip it in butter .
PERSONAUSR-000116	good morning to you how are you today	i'm well , glad to type to you . how are you ?	i'm great i'm in school and i'm the queen of homecoming	oh wow , that is amazing ! i am a huge fan of yoga
PERSONAUSR-000117	good morning to you how are you today	i'm well , glad to type to you . how are you ?	i'm great i'm in school and i'm the queen of homecoming	that is awesome . i am a teacher .
PERSONAUSR-000118	good morning to you how are you today	i'm well , glad to type to you . how are you ?	i'm great i'm in school and i'm the queen of homecoming	i hope you enjoy that . i'm a buddhist and i spend all my time meditating . i haven't spoken in three months .
PERSONAUSR-000119	good morning to you how are you today	i'm well , glad to type to you . how are you ?	i'm great i'm in school and i'm the queen of homecoming	that's good . i'm a spiritual person , are you ?
PERSONAUSR-000120	hi . how is everything going ?	hi . everything is going well on this end .	where are you from ? i am originally from somalia .	i am from detroit , mi . what do you like to do for fun ?	i love dancing and singing .	that is interesting . i'd consider myself a gamer .	i like gaming now that i am in the us .	no , but my boyfriend plays call of duty .
PERSONAUSR-000121	hi . how is everything going ?	hi . everything is going well on this end .	where are you from ? i am originally from somalia .	i am from detroit , mi . what do you like to do for fun ?	i love dancing and singing .	that is interesting . i'd consider myself a gamer .	i like gaming now that i am in the us .	i like to play games . i like to play games .
PERSONAUSR-000122	hi . how is everything going ?	hi . everything is going well on this end .	where are you from ? i am originally from somalia .	i am from detroit , mi . what do you like to do for fun ?	i love dancing and singing .	that is interesting . i'd consider myself a gamer .	i like gaming now that i am in the us .	i like to go fishing .
PERSONAUSR-000123	hi . how is everything going ?	hi . everything is going well on this end .	where are you from ? i am originally from somalia .	i am from detroit , mi . what do you like to do for fun ?	i love dancing and singing .	that is interesting . i'd consider myself a gamer .	i like gaming now that i am in the us .	what games do you play ? i enjoy call of duty !
PERSONAUSR-000124	hi . how is everything going ?	hi . everything is going well on this end .	where are you from ? i am originally from somalia .	i am from detroit , mi . what do you like to do for fun ?	i love dancing and singing .	that is interesting . i'd consider myself a gamer .	i like gaming now that i am in the us .	oh really ? what kind ? i love fps . my fav is cod .
PERSONAUSR-000125	hello . how are you today ?	hi ! my name is sophie . i'm doing well . how are you ?	very well thank you . do you have any hobbies ?	i love watching the movie frozen and singing along !	i try different coffees , read poetry and watch star wars . i have not seen frozen .	i just started the third grade and love to write poetry ! i write about mickey mouse .	that sounds like fun ! i love mickey mouse ! he's pretty cool .	my family and i go to disney world every year ! have you ever been ?	i have been once and stayed the week . it was awesome . i want to go again .	i can not wait to go again !	i know i can not either . do you like football ?	i love other football called soccer .
PERSONAUSR-000126	hello . how are you today ?	hi ! my name is sophie . i'm doing well . how are you ?	very well thank you . do you have any hobbies ?	i love watching the movie frozen and singing along !	i try different coffees , read poetry and watch star wars . i have not seen frozen .	i just started the third grade and love to write poetry ! i write about mickey mouse .	that sounds like fun ! i love mickey mouse ! he's pretty cool .	my family and i go to disney world every year ! have you ever been ?	i have been once and stayed the week . it was awesome . i want to go again .	i can not wait to go again !	i know i can not either . do you like football ?	i do . i love to watch football .
PERSONAUSR-000127	hello . how are you today ?	hi ! my name is sophie . i'm doing well . how are you ?	very well thank you . do you have any hobbies ?	i love watching the movie frozen and singing along !	i try different coffees , read poetry and watch star wars . i have not seen frozen .	i just started the third grade and love to write poetry ! i write about mickey mouse .	that sounds like fun ! i love mickey mouse ! he's pretty cool .	my family and i go to disney world every year ! have you ever been ?	i have been once and stayed the week . it was awesome . i want to go again .	i can not wait to go again !	i know i can not either . do you like football ?	i do , i love to play soccer .
PERSONAUSR-000128	hello . how are you today ?	hi ! my name is sophie . i'm doing well . how are you ?	very well thank you . do you have any hobbies ?	i love watching the movie frozen and singing along !	i try different coffees , read poetry and watch star wars . i have not seen frozen .	i just started the third grade and love to write poetry ! i write about mickey mouse .	that sounds like fun ! i love mickey mouse ! he's pretty cool .	my family and i go to disney world every year ! have you ever been ?	i have been once and stayed the week . it was awesome . i want to go again .	i can not wait to go again !	i know i can not either . do you like football ?	not really . i'd much rather sing songs from frozen !
PERSONAUSR-000129	hello . how are you today ?	hi ! my name is sophie . i'm doing well . how are you ?	very well thank you . do you have any hobbies ?	i love watching the movie frozen and singing along !	i try different coffees , read poetry and watch star wars . i have not seen frozen .	i just started the third grade and love to write poetry ! i write about mickey mouse .	that sounds like fun ! i love mickey mouse ! he's pretty cool .	my family and i go to disney world every year ! have you ever been ?	i have been once and stayed the week . it was awesome . i want to go again .	i can not wait to go again !	i know i can not either . do you like football ?	yes ! my favorite team is the steelers . what is yours ?
PERSONAUSR-000130	hello , how are you doing tonight ?	doing great . watched nhl hockey and walked my german shepherd dog .	what do you do for work ?	i live on a farm and work here too . what do you do ?	i'm a local musician , but i've been studying different languages recently .	wow , great . my artistic ability is limited to coloring books . lol	my favorite word in spanish is trabajo . i plan to study french next .	neat . my husband was adopted and he's spanish .	does he speak spanish fluently ?	yes , but i do not . i am limited to spanish food names like taco . lol	are tacos your favorite food ?	yes , i eat them while i watch hockey . do you like hockey ?	i like baseball better . go yankees !	what instrument do you play ?	i play the piano and the violin .	i saw the easter bunny behind my closet door
PERSONAUSR-000131	hello , how are you doing tonight ?	doing great . watched nhl hockey and walked my german shepherd dog .	what do you do for work ?	i live on a farm and work here too . what do you do ?	i'm a local musician , but i've been studying different languages recently .	wow , great . my artistic ability is limited to coloring books . lol	my favorite word in spanish is trabajo . i plan to study french next .	neat . my husband was adopted and he's spanish .	does he speak spanish fluently ?	yes , but i do not . i am limited to spanish food names like taco . lol	are tacos your favorite food ?	yes , i eat them while i watch hockey . do you like hockey ?	i like baseball better . go yankees !	what instrument do you play ?	i play the piano and the violin .	i play the piano . i love it .
PERSONAUSR-000132	hello , how are you doing tonight ?	doing great . watched nhl hockey and walked my german shepherd dog .	what do you do for work ?	i live on a farm and work here too . what do you do ?	i'm a local musician , but i've been studying different languages recently .	wow , great . my artistic ability is limited to coloring books . lol	my favorite word in spanish is trabajo . i plan to study french next .	neat . my husband was adopted and he's spanish .	does he speak spanish fluently ?	yes , but i do not . i am limited to spanish food names like taco . lol	are tacos your favorite food ?	yes , i eat them while i watch hockey . do you like hockey ?	i like baseball better . go yankees !	what instrument do you play ?	i play the piano and the violin .	i like to play soccer , but i like to play soccer .
PERSONAUSR-000133	hello , how are you doing tonight ?	doing great . watched nhl hockey and walked my german shepherd dog .	what do you do for work ?	i live on a farm and work here too . what do you do ?	i'm a local musician , but i've been studying different languages recently .	wow , great . my artistic ability is limited to coloring books . lol	my favorite word in spanish is trabajo . i plan to study french next .	neat . my husband was adopted and he's spanish .	does he speak spanish fluently ?	yes , but i do not . i am limited to spanish food names like taco . lol	are tacos your favorite food ?	yes , i eat them while i watch hockey . do you like hockey ?	i like baseball better . go yankees !	what instrument do you play ?	i play the piano and the violin .	that sounds amazing ! how long have you been playing ?
PERSONAUSR-000134	hello , how are you doing tonight ?	doing great . watched nhl hockey and walked my german shepherd dog .	what do you do for work ?	i live on a farm and work here too . what do you do ?	i'm a local musician , but i've been studying different languages recently .	wow , great . my artistic ability is limited to coloring books . lol	my favorite word in spanish is trabajo . i plan to study french next .	neat . my husband was adopted and he's spanish .	does he speak spanish fluently ?	yes , but i do not . i am limited to spanish food names like taco . lol	are tacos your favorite food ?	yes , i eat them while i watch hockey . do you like hockey ?	i like baseball better . go yankees !	what instrument do you play ?	i play the piano and the violin .	you are so talented . i can sing farm songs and i can milk cows .
PERSONAUSR-000135	good evening . how are you ?	i am well . how are you ?
PERSONAUSR-000136	good evening . how are you ?	i am doing well . how are you ?
PERSONAUSR-000137	good evening . how are you ?	i'm doing well . how are you ?
PERSONAUSR-000138	good evening . how are you ?	i'm annoyed at how much math homework i have . i hate math class !
PERSONAUSR-000139	good evening . how are you ?	i'm 13 with an older brother .
PERSONAUSR-000140	hi how are you doing	i am doing very fine this afternoon . how about you ?	i'm good getting ready for school	what are you going to school for ?	high school i'm so ready to graduate	will you be driving to or living on campus ?	i will probably be living on campus	what kind of music makes you feel good ?	really any kind what about you	i enjoy listening to classical music .	that is nice do you like sports	it depends on the particular sport .	i like to spend time with my horses	i love to ride horses .
PERSONAUSR-000141	hi how are you doing	i am doing very fine this afternoon . how about you ?	i'm good getting ready for school	what are you going to school for ?	high school i'm so ready to graduate	will you be driving to or living on campus ?	i will probably be living on campus	what kind of music makes you feel good ?	really any kind what about you	i enjoy listening to classical music .	that is nice do you like sports	it depends on the particular sport .	i like to spend time with my horses	i love horses too . i have a lot of time to do that .
PERSONAUSR-000142	hi how are you doing	i am doing very fine this afternoon . how about you ?	i'm good getting ready for school	what are you going to school for ?	high school i'm so ready to graduate	will you be driving to or living on campus ?	i will probably be living on campus	what kind of music makes you feel good ?	really any kind what about you	i enjoy listening to classical music .	that is nice do you like sports	it depends on the particular sport .	i like to spend time with my horses	i love dogs , my dog is named pickles .
PERSONAUSR-000143	hi how are you doing	i am doing very fine this afternoon . how about you ?	i'm good getting ready for school	what are you going to school for ?	high school i'm so ready to graduate	will you be driving to or living on campus ?	i will probably be living on campus	what kind of music makes you feel good ?	really any kind what about you	i enjoy listening to classical music .	that is nice do you like sports	it depends on the particular sport .	i like to spend time with my horses	horses are great ! i work with a lot of animals on my farm . i can drive a tractor too .
PERSONAUSR-000144	hi how are you doing	i am doing very fine this afternoon . how about you ?	i'm good getting ready for school	what are you going to school for ?	high school i'm so ready to graduate	will you be driving to or living on campus ?	i will probably be living on campus	what kind of music makes you feel good ?	really any kind what about you	i enjoy listening to classical music .	that is nice do you like sports	it depends on the particular sport .	i like to spend time with my horses	i am more concerned with my religion .
PERSONAUSR-000145	hello , how are you doing today ?	i am well , how are you ?
PERSONAUSR-000146	hello , how are you doing today ?	i am good . just got back from my pet fish . you ?
PERSONAUSR-000147	hello , how are you doing today ?	i'm doing well . how are you ?
PERSONAUSR-000148	hello , how are you doing today ?	pretty good . i just turned 18 yesterday .
PERSONAUSR-000149	hello , how are you doing today ?	am fine and how is your life
PERSONAUSR-000150	hi i am a farmer from iowa . just go in from a long day on the tractor .	wow you have a farm ?
PERSONAUSR-000151	hi i am a farmer from iowa . just go in from a long day on the tractor .	i live in a rural area so i live in a rural area .
PERSONAUSR-000152	hi i am a farmer from iowa . just go in from a long day on the tractor .	that is awesome . i love to go fishing .
PERSONAUSR-000153	hi i am a farmer from iowa . just go in from a long day on the tractor .	cool ! i also live in a rural farming community .
PERSONAUSR-000154	hi i am a farmer from iowa . just go in from a long day on the tractor .	ah , we are a farming family too . you have any pets ?
PERSONAUSR-000155	my sister and i love classical music and we pole dance . call me dirty red .	hello dirty red , i am a high school student . i just won homecoming queen !	great ! i love anything red especially tractors . wink wink !	i enjoy running do you ? i hope to run a 5k this year .	i had to run for my life one time . you ever danced to bach ?	i listen to classical music , when i do my homework . i am currently a straight a student !	wow ! i get paid to pole dance . do you get paid to run ?	no i do track and field in school and i want to start racing for charity .	i see . you own a tractor ? i like driving tractors . wink wink .	lots of stuff . i went to a christian high school so i am pretty tame though .
PERSONAUSR-000156	my sister and i love classical music and we pole dance . call me dirty red .	hello dirty red , i am a high school student . i just won homecoming queen !	great ! i love anything red especially tractors . wink wink !	i enjoy running do you ? i hope to run a 5k this year .	i had to run for my life one time . you ever danced to bach ?	i listen to classical music , when i do my homework . i am currently a straight a student !	wow ! i get paid to pole dance . do you get paid to run ?	no i do track and field in school and i want to start racing for charity .	i see . you own a tractor ? i like driving tractors . wink wink .	i am a college student . i am in high school .
PERSONAUSR-000157	my sister and i love classical music and we pole dance . call me dirty red .	hello dirty red , i am a high school student . i just won homecoming queen !	great ! i love anything red especially tractors . wink wink !	i enjoy running do you ? i hope to run a 5k this year .	i had to run for my life one time . you ever danced to bach ?	i listen to classical music , when i do my homework . i am currently a straight a student !	wow ! i get paid to pole dance . do you get paid to run ?	no i do track and field in school and i want to start racing for charity .	i see . you own a tractor ? i like driving tractors . wink wink .	i do not have any pets , but i do like to eat .
PERSONAUSR-000158	my sister and i love classical music and we pole dance . call me dirty red .	hello dirty red , i am a high school student . i just won homecoming queen !	great ! i love anything red especially tractors . wink wink !	i enjoy running do you ? i hope to run a 5k this year .	i had to run for my life one time . you ever danced to bach ?	i listen to classical music , when i do my homework . i am currently a straight a student !	wow ! i get paid to pole dance . do you get paid to run ?	no i do track and field in school and i want to start racing for charity .	i see . you own a tractor ? i like driving tractors . wink wink .	no , i don't own a tractor . when i grow up i want to be a physical therapist . did you always want to be a pole dancer ?
PERSONAUSR-000159	my sister and i love classical music and we pole dance . call me dirty red .	hello dirty red , i am a high school student . i just won homecoming queen !	great ! i love anything red especially tractors . wink wink !	i enjoy running do you ? i hope to run a 5k this year .	i had to run for my life one time . you ever danced to bach ?	i listen to classical music , when i do my homework . i am currently a straight a student !	wow ! i get paid to pole dance . do you get paid to run ?	no i do track and field in school and i want to start racing for charity .	i see . you own a tractor ? i like driving tractors . wink wink .	nope no tractor , i want save my money for college .
PERSONAUSR-000160	hey ! i'm george , what is your name ?	i'm todd hicks . it is good to meet you .	nice to meet you ! what do you do ?	i work on a freelance basis as an author , blogger and affiliate marketer . and you ?	oh interesting ! i work with bees . . as a farmer !	do you grow crops too ?	nop . . i should since i love papaya ! are you married ?	no , i am single . are you single or are you married ?	i'm married ! . . my lady is a top model from italy ! i aimed high hehe	have you ever been to italy ?	not yet , it i love to travel . . have you ?	no . i'd like to go there someday though .	yep , i was visiting my sis in spain last month , it is nice	my older brother lives in spain , how is it ?
PERSONAUSR-000161	hey ! i'm george , what is your name ?	i'm todd hicks . it is good to meet you .	nice to meet you ! what do you do ?	i work on a freelance basis as an author , blogger and affiliate marketer . and you ?	oh interesting ! i work with bees . . as a farmer !	do you grow crops too ?	nop . . i should since i love papaya ! are you married ?	no , i am single . are you single or are you married ?	i'm married ! . . my lady is a top model from italy ! i aimed high hehe	have you ever been to italy ?	not yet , it i love to travel . . have you ?	no . i'd like to go there someday though .	yep , i was visiting my sis in spain last month , it is nice	i bet you have a great day !
PERSONAUSR-000162	hey ! i'm george , what is your name ?	i'm todd hicks . it is good to meet you .	nice to meet you ! what do you do ?	i work on a freelance basis as an author , blogger and affiliate marketer . and you ?	oh interesting ! i work with bees . . as a farmer !	do you grow crops too ?	nop . . i should since i love papaya ! are you married ?	no , i am single . are you single or are you married ?	i'm married ! . . my lady is a top model from italy ! i aimed high hehe	have you ever been to italy ?	not yet , it i love to travel . . have you ?	no . i'd like to go there someday though .	yep , i was visiting my sis in spain last month , it is nice	i love to travel . i love it .
PERSONAUSR-000163	hey ! i'm george , what is your name ?	i'm todd hicks . it is good to meet you .	nice to meet you ! what do you do ?	i work on a freelance basis as an author , blogger and affiliate marketer . and you ?	oh interesting ! i work with bees . . as a farmer !	do you grow crops too ?	nop . . i should since i love papaya ! are you married ?	no , i am single . are you single or are you married ?	i'm married ! . . my lady is a top model from italy ! i aimed high hehe	have you ever been to italy ?	not yet , it i love to travel . . have you ?	no . i'd like to go there someday though .	yep , i was visiting my sis in spain last month , it is nice	sounds fun ! i just finished moving into my first home .
PERSONAUSR-000164	hey ! i'm george , what is your name ?	i'm todd hicks . it is good to meet you .	nice to meet you ! what do you do ?	i work on a freelance basis as an author , blogger and affiliate marketer . and you ?	oh interesting ! i work with bees . . as a farmer !	do you grow crops too ?	nop . . i should since i love papaya ! are you married ?	no , i am single . are you single or are you married ?	i'm married ! . . my lady is a top model from italy ! i aimed high hehe	have you ever been to italy ?	not yet , it i love to travel . . have you ?	no . i'd like to go there someday though .	yep , i was visiting my sis in spain last month , it is nice	it is nice that you had a good time .
PERSONAUSR-000165	hi , how are you doing ?	hi , i am doing well , how are you ?	can't complain . i had a wonderful afternoon in the park .	oh , that is nice . i like being in parks especially in nice weather	yes . the weather is perfect here now . what do you like to do ?	i like to watch nascar racing and sometimes ufc	that sounds fun ! i've time to do that since i'm out of work right now .	i work at a small advertising agency . i promote my sister , a published author .
PERSONAUSR-000166	hi , how are you doing ?	hi , i am doing well , how are you ?	can't complain . i had a wonderful afternoon in the park .	oh , that is nice . i like being in parks especially in nice weather	yes . the weather is perfect here now . what do you like to do ?	i like to watch nascar racing and sometimes ufc	that sounds fun ! i've time to do that since i'm out of work right now .	i work in a gym , i love to eat mexican food
PERSONAUSR-000167	hi , how are you doing ?	hi , i am doing well , how are you ?	can't complain . i had a wonderful afternoon in the park .	oh , that is nice . i like being in parks especially in nice weather	yes . the weather is perfect here now . what do you like to do ?	i like to watch nascar racing and sometimes ufc	that sounds fun ! i've time to do that since i'm out of work right now .	i am a student , but i work at a grocery store .
PERSONAUSR-000168	hi , how are you doing ?	hi , i am doing well , how are you ?	can't complain . i had a wonderful afternoon in the park .	oh , that is nice . i like being in parks especially in nice weather	yes . the weather is perfect here now . what do you like to do ?	i like to watch nascar racing and sometimes ufc	that sounds fun ! i've time to do that since i'm out of work right now .	sorry to hear that . i could use a break from work , i've been working since i was sixteen years old .
PERSONAUSR-000169	hi , how are you doing ?	hi , i am doing well , how are you ?	can't complain . i had a wonderful afternoon in the park .	oh , that is nice . i like being in parks especially in nice weather	yes . the weather is perfect here now . what do you like to do ?	i like to watch nascar racing and sometimes ufc	that sounds fun ! i've time to do that since i'm out of work right now .	how long have you been working at your current place ?
PERSONAUSR-000170	hello , tell me about yourself while i take a break from my programming studies .	no kidding ! i am in it ! same gig for 15 years !	nice ! right now i coach swimming while i finish up school . do you like music ?	i enjoy country like any real man .	i not invite you to see blood spot with me then . where are you from ?	florida . what about you ?
PERSONAUSR-000171	hello , tell me about yourself while i take a break from my programming studies .	no kidding ! i am in it ! same gig for 15 years !	nice ! right now i coach swimming while i finish up school . do you like music ?	i enjoy country like any real man .	i not invite you to see blood spot with me then . where are you from ?	i am from the midwest , how about you ?
PERSONAUSR-000172	hello , tell me about yourself while i take a break from my programming studies .	no kidding ! i am in it ! same gig for 15 years !	nice ! right now i coach swimming while i finish up school . do you like music ?	i enjoy country like any real man .	i not invite you to see blood spot with me then . where are you from ?	i'm from ohio . i love to go out to the beach .
PERSONAUSR-000173	hello , tell me about yourself while i take a break from my programming studies .	no kidding ! i am in it ! same gig for 15 years !	nice ! right now i coach swimming while i finish up school . do you like music ?	i enjoy country like any real man .	i not invite you to see blood spot with me then . where are you from ?	i live in florida ! how about you ?
PERSONAUSR-000174	hello , tell me about yourself while i take a break from my programming studies .	no kidding ! i am in it ! same gig for 15 years !	nice ! right now i coach swimming while i finish up school . do you like music ?	i enjoy country like any real man .	i not invite you to see blood spot with me then . where are you from ?	florida . i own a home there . 2 kids , a dog a lady .
PERSONAUSR-000175	good morning ! how are you ?	pretty good and yourself ? i like to try different coffees as a hobby	great here ! just finished a cup of coffee .	wow that's good . i also played football in college	pretty cool ! i played volleyball in high school .	i play college football , linebacker
PERSONAUSR-000176	good morning ! how are you ?	pretty good and yourself ? i like to try different coffees as a hobby	great here ! just finished a cup of coffee .	wow that's good . i also played football in college	pretty cool ! i played volleyball in high school .	i played in college for a college football team
PERSONAUSR-000177	good morning ! how are you ?	pretty good and yourself ? i like to try different coffees as a hobby	great here ! just finished a cup of coffee .	wow that's good . i also played football in college	pretty cool ! i played volleyball in high school .	i love to cook , and i love to cook .
PERSONAUSR-000178	good morning ! how are you ?	pretty good and yourself ? i like to try different coffees as a hobby	great here ! just finished a cup of coffee .	wow that's good . i also played football in college	pretty cool ! i played volleyball in high school .	i enjoy volleyball too ! probably not as much as i enjoy poetry though .
PERSONAUSR-000179	good morning ! how are you ?	pretty good and yourself ? i like to try different coffees as a hobby	great here ! just finished a cup of coffee .	wow that's good . i also played football in college	pretty cool ! i played volleyball in high school .	that is awesome . i like to read poetry . do you like poetry ?
PERSONAUSR-000180	hello how are you today ?	so tired . just laying on the couch reading my weekly book . you ?	i'm getting ready to go to a weekend concert to hear country music .	that sounds fun . i wonder if i could do that while pregnant ?	yes you can go to a concert . just be careful . do you like country music .	i like some of it . it is popular here in pennsylvania .	cool ! my dogs also like country music . we dance when it is played .	do you like movies ? i live documentaries .	i watch the history channel quite a bit actually .	do you work at all ? i have been working a pa job a few months .	i work and have all of my fun on the weekends !	ok , maybe we can form a book club
PERSONAUSR-000181	hello how are you today ?	so tired . just laying on the couch reading my weekly book . you ?	i'm getting ready to go to a weekend concert to hear country music .	that sounds fun . i wonder if i could do that while pregnant ?	yes you can go to a concert . just be careful . do you like country music .	i like some of it . it is popular here in pennsylvania .	cool ! my dogs also like country music . we dance when it is played .	do you like movies ? i live documentaries .	i watch the history channel quite a bit actually .	do you work at all ? i have been working a pa job a few months .	i work and have all of my fun on the weekends !	that sounds like a lot of fun . i am pregnant .
PERSONAUSR-000182	hello how are you today ?	so tired . just laying on the couch reading my weekly book . you ?	i'm getting ready to go to a weekend concert to hear country music .	that sounds fun . i wonder if i could do that while pregnant ?	yes you can go to a concert . just be careful . do you like country music .	i like some of it . it is popular here in pennsylvania .	cool ! my dogs also like country music . we dance when it is played .	do you like movies ? i live documentaries .	i watch the history channel quite a bit actually .	do you work at all ? i have been working a pa job a few months .	i work and have all of my fun on the weekends !	i like to go fishing .
PERSONAUSR-000183	hello how are you today ?	so tired . just laying on the couch reading my weekly book . you ?	i'm getting ready to go to a weekend concert to hear country music .	that sounds fun . i wonder if i could do that while pregnant ?	yes you can go to a concert . just be careful . do you like country music .	i like some of it . it is popular here in pennsylvania .	cool ! my dogs also like country music . we dance when it is played .	do you like movies ? i live documentaries .	i watch the history channel quite a bit actually .	do you work at all ? i have been working a pa job a few months .	i work and have all of my fun on the weekends !	what do you do for fun ? i spend time with my husband and read .
PERSONAUSR-000184	hello how are you today ?	so tired . just laying on the couch reading my weekly book . you ?	i'm getting ready to go to a weekend concert to hear country music .	that sounds fun . i wonder if i could do that while pregnant ?	yes you can go to a concert . just be careful . do you like country music .	i like some of it . it is popular here in pennsylvania .	cool ! my dogs also like country music . we dance when it is played .	do you like movies ? i live documentaries .	i watch the history channel quite a bit actually .	do you work at all ? i have been working a pa job a few months .	i work and have all of my fun on the weekends !	that sounds great ! my weekly goal of reading a new book keeps me busy .
PERSONAUSR-000185	there'sn'thing i like more than a late night ice cream run	hey share the cream ! haha	do you have a flavor preference ? mine is vanilla	vanilla is my fav as well	my two cats love to lick the bowl when i am done haha	his name is tony . do you have pets ?
PERSONAUSR-000186	there'sn'thing i like more than a late night ice cream run	hey share the cream ! haha	do you have a flavor preference ? mine is vanilla	vanilla is my fav as well	my two cats love to lick the bowl when i am done haha	i love to run , i am in high school
PERSONAUSR-000187	there'sn'thing i like more than a late night ice cream run	hey share the cream ! haha	do you have a flavor preference ? mine is vanilla	vanilla is my fav as well	my two cats love to lick the bowl when i am done haha	i like to go to the gym and listen to music .
PERSONAUSR-000188	there'sn'thing i like more than a late night ice cream run	hey share the cream ! haha	do you have a flavor preference ? mine is vanilla	vanilla is my fav as well	my two cats love to lick the bowl when i am done haha	i love cats ! what do you do ? i'm currently in high school and i make straight as !
PERSONAUSR-000189	there'sn'thing i like more than a late night ice cream run	hey share the cream ! haha	do you have a flavor preference ? mine is vanilla	vanilla is my fav as well	my two cats love to lick the bowl when i am done haha	haha that's cute haha , what you do for living
PERSONAUSR-000190	hello , my name is larry . what is your name ?	my name is jerry . i farm bees for a living . you ?	well , i'm a chef . i absolutely love cooking . do you have nay hobbies ?	yes , i like to cook too . but i'm not a pro like you	even though i love cooking , i also like fishing . do you like to fish ?	yes , i fly fish . i love it . i wish i could invite my family	why can you not invite your family ?	i've no family close to me	that's a shame . i am sorry . do you enjoy comic books ?	i like spawn and the x men	i love spiderman , myself . he is my favorite .	he is a good character for sure	maybe we should trade comics and go fishing sometime !	i love to fish ! my parents have a pond on their farm in kentucky .
PERSONAUSR-000191	hello , my name is larry . what is your name ?	my name is jerry . i farm bees for a living . you ?	well , i'm a chef . i absolutely love cooking . do you have nay hobbies ?	yes , i like to cook too . but i'm not a pro like you	even though i love cooking , i also like fishing . do you like to fish ?	yes , i fly fish . i love it . i wish i could invite my family	why can you not invite your family ?	i've no family close to me	that's a shame . i am sorry . do you enjoy comic books ?	i like spawn and the x men	i love spiderman , myself . he is my favorite .	he is a good character for sure	maybe we should trade comics and go fishing sometime !	i would love to go fishing .
PERSONAUSR-000192	hello , my name is larry . what is your name ?	my name is jerry . i farm bees for a living . you ?	well , i'm a chef . i absolutely love cooking . do you have nay hobbies ?	yes , i like to cook too . but i'm not a pro like you	even though i love cooking , i also like fishing . do you like to fish ?	yes , i fly fish . i love it . i wish i could invite my family	why can you not invite your family ?	i've no family close to me	that's a shame . i am sorry . do you enjoy comic books ?	i like spawn and the x men	i love spiderman , myself . he is my favorite .	he is a good character for sure	maybe we should trade comics and go fishing sometime !	i do not know how to swim .
PERSONAUSR-000193	hello , my name is larry . what is your name ?	my name is jerry . i farm bees for a living . you ?	well , i'm a chef . i absolutely love cooking . do you have nay hobbies ?	yes , i like to cook too . but i'm not a pro like you	even though i love cooking , i also like fishing . do you like to fish ?	yes , i fly fish . i love it . i wish i could invite my family	why can you not invite your family ?	i've no family close to me	that's a shame . i am sorry . do you enjoy comic books ?	i like spawn and the x men	i love spiderman , myself . he is my favorite .	he is a good character for sure	maybe we should trade comics and go fishing sometime !	yes ! i would really enjoy that . i could show you my bees as well !
PERSONAUSR-000194	hello , my name is larry . what is your name ?	my name is jerry . i farm bees for a living . you ?	well , i'm a chef . i absolutely love cooking . do you have nay hobbies ?	yes , i like to cook too . but i'm not a pro like you	even though i love cooking , i also like fishing . do you like to fish ?	yes , i fly fish . i love it . i wish i could invite my family	why can you not invite your family ?	i've no family close to me	that's a shame . i am sorry . do you enjoy comic books ?	i like spawn and the x men	i love spiderman , myself . he is my favorite .	he is a good character for sure	maybe we should trade comics and go fishing sometime !	ha that sounds good ! what is your favorite food ?
PERSONAUSR-000195	how are you doing today	hello , how are you today ?	i'm doing really well	i'm doing great , it is rainy here .	what are you doing with your day	its been ok . do you like cats ? i have 3 of them .
PERSONAUSR-000196	how are you doing today	hello , how are you today ?	i'm doing really well	i'm doing great , it is rainy here .	what are you doing with your day	i am just getting ready to go to the zoo .
PERSONAUSR-000197	how are you doing today	hello , how are you today ?	i'm doing really well	i'm doing great , it is rainy here .	what are you doing with your day	i am a student , i am a student .
PERSONAUSR-000198	how are you doing today	hello , how are you today ?	i'm doing really well	i'm doing great , it is rainy here .	what are you doing with your day	i'm bird watching with my cats right now . how about you ?
PERSONAUSR-000199	how are you doing today	hello , how are you today ?	i'm doing really well	i'm doing great , it is rainy here .	what are you doing with your day	i am bird watching with my animals
PERSONAUSR-000200	hey there i live on a farm .	i want to qualify for an event or professionally compete at cow milking someday
PERSONAUSR-000201	hey there i live on a farm .	i am in the city , i play the piano
PERSONAUSR-000202	hey there i live on a farm .	i am a teacher , what do you do ?
PERSONAUSR-000203	hey there i live on a farm .	cool , do you have animals ? i'm very musical , i play several instruments and teach piano on the side .
PERSONAUSR-000204	hey there i live on a farm .	i am a piano teacher on the side
PERSONAUSR-000205	i just got back from my salsa dance lessons	that sounds like a really fun time . i was just meditating	that is so relaxing . my lite brite patterns are relaxing too	my days are pretty much always relaxing . i do not have to raise a finger .
PERSONAUSR-000206	i just got back from my salsa dance lessons	that sounds like a really fun time . i was just meditating	that is so relaxing . my lite brite patterns are relaxing too	i love to eat it with my family
PERSONAUSR-000207	i just got back from my salsa dance lessons	that sounds like a really fun time . i was just meditating	that is so relaxing . my lite brite patterns are relaxing too	i like to go to the gym and listen to music .
PERSONAUSR-000208	i just got back from my salsa dance lessons	that sounds like a really fun time . i was just meditating	that is so relaxing . my lite brite patterns are relaxing too	it really is . i quit my job to pursue my buddhist spirituality full time .
PERSONAUSR-000209	i just got back from my salsa dance lessons	that sounds like a really fun time . i was just meditating	that is so relaxing . my lite brite patterns are relaxing too	i'm buddhist , my spiritual journey relaxes me
PERSONAUSR-000210	hello . what do you like to do in your free time ?	well hiking in spring time is my favorite	sounds serene . i like to workout and volunteer in my free time .	o ok i work out with my lab named trooper as well	what do you do for a living ?	right now i am just working towards my masters degree
PERSONAUSR-000211	hello . what do you like to do in your free time ?	well hiking in spring time is my favorite	sounds serene . i like to workout and volunteer in my free time .	o ok i work out with my lab named trooper as well	what do you do for a living ?	i work at a school . i am a engineer .
PERSONAUSR-000212	hello . what do you like to do in your free time ?	well hiking in spring time is my favorite	sounds serene . i like to workout and volunteer in my free time .	o ok i work out with my lab named trooper as well	what do you do for a living ?	i am a student , but i am a student .
PERSONAUSR-000213	hello . what do you like to do in your free time ?	well hiking in spring time is my favorite	sounds serene . i like to workout and volunteer in my free time .	o ok i work out with my lab named trooper as well	what do you do for a living ?	i am a mechanical engineer . how about you ?
PERSONAUSR-000214	hello . what do you like to do in your free time ?	well hiking in spring time is my favorite	sounds serene . i like to workout and volunteer in my free time .	o ok i work out with my lab named trooper as well	what do you do for a living ?	mechanical engineer for chevy and nissan
PERSONAUSR-000215	hi . i just got done eating vanilla ice cream . no self control with it . you ?	i'm the same way with rap	rap is cool . my cats like it , both of them .	i produce rap for people .	maybe you could make a rap about my 1000 hats . i'm a collector .	sure while riding in my honda civic	when you finish that you could make a rap about my 1992 olympic gold .	then we can celebrate with pizza	yum ! and vanilla ice cream .	that sounds great i also like ice cream
PERSONAUSR-000216	hi . i just got done eating vanilla ice cream . no self control with it . you ?	i'm the same way with rap	rap is cool . my cats like it , both of them .	i produce rap for people .	maybe you could make a rap about my 1000 hats . i'm a collector .	sure while riding in my honda civic	when you finish that you could make a rap about my 1992 olympic gold .	then we can celebrate with pizza	yum ! and vanilla ice cream .	i love ice cream . i am a fan of it
PERSONAUSR-000217	hi . i just got done eating vanilla ice cream . no self control with it . you ?	i'm the same way with rap	rap is cool . my cats like it , both of them .	i produce rap for people .	maybe you could make a rap about my 1000 hats . i'm a collector .	sure while riding in my honda civic	when you finish that you could make a rap about my 1992 olympic gold .	then we can celebrate with pizza	yum ! and vanilla ice cream .	i like to eat fish .
PERSONAUSR-000218	hi . i just got done eating vanilla ice cream . no self control with it . you ?	i'm the same way with rap	rap is cool . my cats like it , both of them .	i produce rap for people .	maybe you could make a rap about my 1000 hats . i'm a collector .	sure while riding in my honda civic	when you finish that you could make a rap about my 1992 olympic gold .	then we can celebrate with pizza	yum ! and vanilla ice cream .	yes ! maybe a treat for my pet charlie as well .
PERSONAUSR-000219	hi . i just got done eating vanilla ice cream . no self control with it . you ?	i'm the same way with rap	rap is cool . my cats like it , both of them .	i produce rap for people .	maybe you could make a rap about my 1000 hats . i'm a collector .	sure while riding in my honda civic	when you finish that you could make a rap about my 1992 olympic gold .	then we can celebrate with pizza	yum ! and vanilla ice cream .	right is it not the best ?
PERSONAUSR-000220	good morning how old are you i am 34	i am much older than that . my grandchildren are in their thirties	do you have any pets ? my two dogs are my everything .	sounds good ! i have also 6 cats .
PERSONAUSR-000221	good morning how old are you i am 34	i am much older than that . my grandchildren are in their thirties	do you have any pets ? my two dogs are my everything .	i have a couple of grandchildren and a husband .
PERSONAUSR-000222	good morning how old are you i am 34	i am much older than that . my grandchildren are in their thirties	do you have any pets ? my two dogs are my everything .	i do not have any pets , but i do like to go fishing .
PERSONAUSR-000223	good morning how old are you i am 34	i am much older than that . my grandchildren are in their thirties	do you have any pets ? my two dogs are my everything .	i don't have pets . i'm retired now and just living my best life !
PERSONAUSR-000224	good morning how old are you i am 34	i am much older than that . my grandchildren are in their thirties	do you have any pets ? my two dogs are my everything .	no pets . i am retired so i love to travel . pets would slow me down
PERSONAUSR-000225	hi , how are you doing ?	doing good . just strumming my guitar . how about you ?	i am fine , i was watching a cooking show , i like those	do you like cooking or baking ? or both ?	neither , i just like to eat . for example i like hummus	my go to snack is chocolate bars	me too ! i am vegan but still love chocolate	what other hobbies do you have ? i play violin and guitar	i like extreme sensations , like sky diving and rollercoasters	yikes i hate roller coasters . they are so scary .	i am afraid of water , i am not good at swimming	what do you do for work ? i am an electrician just like my dad .	i like electricity and electronics . i'm a bartender	awesome . i go to bars alot in the city . great place to be .
PERSONAUSR-000226	hi , how are you doing ?	doing good . just strumming my guitar . how about you ?	i am fine , i was watching a cooking show , i like those	do you like cooking or baking ? or both ?	neither , i just like to eat . for example i like hummus	my go to snack is chocolate bars	me too ! i am vegan but still love chocolate	what other hobbies do you have ? i play violin and guitar	i like extreme sensations , like sky diving and rollercoasters	yikes i hate roller coasters . they are so scary .	i am afraid of water , i am not good at swimming	what do you do for work ? i am an electrician just like my dad .	i like electricity and electronics . i'm a bartender	i am a bartender , i love to play the violin .
PERSONAUSR-000227	hi , how are you doing ?	doing good . just strumming my guitar . how about you ?	i am fine , i was watching a cooking show , i like those	do you like cooking or baking ? or both ?	neither , i just like to eat . for example i like hummus	my go to snack is chocolate bars	me too ! i am vegan but still love chocolate	what other hobbies do you have ? i play violin and guitar	i like extreme sensations , like sky diving and rollercoasters	yikes i hate roller coasters . they are so scary .	i am afraid of water , i am not good at swimming	what do you do for work ? i am an electrician just like my dad .	i like electricity and electronics . i'm a bartender	i like to eat too much junk food .
PERSONAUSR-000228	hi , how are you doing ?	doing good . just strumming my guitar . how about you ?	i am fine , i was watching a cooking show , i like those	do you like cooking or baking ? or both ?	neither , i just like to eat . for example i like hummus	my go to snack is chocolate bars	me too ! i am vegan but still love chocolate	what other hobbies do you have ? i play violin and guitar	i like extreme sensations , like sky diving and rollercoasters	yikes i hate roller coasters . they are so scary .	i am afraid of water , i am not good at swimming	what do you do for work ? i am an electrician just like my dad .	i like electricity and electronics . i'm a bartender	i wish i could make fancy cocktails ! my secret talent is that i can speak chinese !
PERSONAUSR-000229	hi , how are you doing ?	doing good . just strumming my guitar . how about you ?	i am fine , i was watching a cooking show , i like those	do you like cooking or baking ? or both ?	neither , i just like to eat . for example i like hummus	my go to snack is chocolate bars	me too ! i am vegan but still love chocolate	what other hobbies do you have ? i play violin and guitar	i like extreme sensations , like sky diving and rollercoasters	yikes i hate roller coasters . they are so scary .	i am afraid of water , i am not good at swimming	what do you do for work ? i am an electrician just like my dad .	i like electricity and electronics . i'm a bartender	do you speak any languages ? i'm teaching myself chinese
PERSONAUSR-000230	good morning . how are you ?	i'm ok , drinking a lot of coffee , how about you ?	just relaxing waiting on my wife and three children to get ready .	where are you all going to ?	we are going to the park . e do it once a week . how about you ?	i'm getting ready to go mountain biking . it is fun !	we are going to get my fav chocolate ice cream on the way home . have fun !	i love ice cream too , but mostly coffee flavor .	what else do you like besides coffee ? my family steers c ; ear of it .	well , i don't drink alcohol , so coffee and diet soda . what about you ?	i am an ice cream and ice water kind of guy .	ah . so is my dad , he worked construction , he is the same .	what about your mom ? what is she like ?	well what does she like about your friend ?
PERSONAUSR-000231	good morning . how are you ?	i'm ok , drinking a lot of coffee , how about you ?	just relaxing waiting on my wife and three children to get ready .	where are you all going to ?	we are going to the park . e do it once a week . how about you ?	i'm getting ready to go mountain biking . it is fun !	we are going to get my fav chocolate ice cream on the way home . have fun !	i love ice cream too , but mostly coffee flavor .	what else do you like besides coffee ? my family steers c ; ear of it .	well , i don't drink alcohol , so coffee and diet soda . what about you ?	i am an ice cream and ice water kind of guy .	ah . so is my dad , he worked construction , he is the same .	what about your mom ? what is she like ?	she is a very good mother . she works for the construction company .
PERSONAUSR-000232	good morning . how are you ?	i'm ok , drinking a lot of coffee , how about you ?	just relaxing waiting on my wife and three children to get ready .	where are you all going to ?	we are going to the park . e do it once a week . how about you ?	i'm getting ready to go mountain biking . it is fun !	we are going to get my fav chocolate ice cream on the way home . have fun !	i love ice cream too , but mostly coffee flavor .	what else do you like besides coffee ? my family steers c ; ear of it .	well , i don't drink alcohol , so coffee and diet soda . what about you ?	i am an ice cream and ice water kind of guy .	ah . so is my dad , he worked construction , he is the same .	what about your mom ? what is she like ?	she was a stay at home mom . i am a big fan of the walking dead .
PERSONAUSR-000233	good morning . how are you ?	i'm ok , drinking a lot of coffee , how about you ?	just relaxing waiting on my wife and three children to get ready .	where are you all going to ?	we are going to the park . e do it once a week . how about you ?	i'm getting ready to go mountain biking . it is fun !	we are going to get my fav chocolate ice cream on the way home . have fun !	i love ice cream too , but mostly coffee flavor .	what else do you like besides coffee ? my family steers c ; ear of it .	well , i don't drink alcohol , so coffee and diet soda . what about you ?	i am an ice cream and ice water kind of guy .	ah . so is my dad , he worked construction , he is the same .	what about your mom ? what is she like ?	she was a stay at home mom obsessed with the color pink . i hate that color now !
PERSONAUSR-000234	good morning . how are you ?	i'm ok , drinking a lot of coffee , how about you ?	just relaxing waiting on my wife and three children to get ready .	where are you all going to ?	we are going to the park . e do it once a week . how about you ?	i'm getting ready to go mountain biking . it is fun !	we are going to get my fav chocolate ice cream on the way home . have fun !	i love ice cream too , but mostly coffee flavor .	what else do you like besides coffee ? my family steers c ; ear of it .	well , i don't drink alcohol , so coffee and diet soda . what about you ?	i am an ice cream and ice water kind of guy .	ah . so is my dad , he worked construction , he is the same .	what about your mom ? what is she like ?	she is the greatest mom , i saw her yesterday . do you see your mom ?
PERSONAUSR-000235	hi , how is it going . my name is michelle .	hi . i'm justin . i just got done relaxing in the tub .	that sounds great . i love to tan . what sort of music do you listen to ?	i listen to a bit of everything . it helps me focus for my chess tournaments	britney spears is my favorite ! who is yours ?	right now i listen to a lot of mumford and sons .	do you have a weight problem like me ?	i am a little self conscious . thirty is not as easy as i remember twenty being .	what do you like to eat ? i diet all the time .	i tend to stay in and cook for myself since i quit drinking a few years ago .	that is probably a lot healthier and saves you money . i eat out all the time .	my dad had me hooked on high protein foods like fish and chicken when i was training .	what are you training for ?	i have pitbulls and harleys . i am very hardcore .
PERSONAUSR-000236	hi , how is it going . my name is michelle .	hi . i'm justin . i just got done relaxing in the tub .	that sounds great . i love to tan . what sort of music do you listen to ?	i listen to a bit of everything . it helps me focus for my chess tournaments	britney spears is my favorite ! who is yours ?	right now i listen to a lot of mumford and sons .	do you have a weight problem like me ?	i am a little self conscious . thirty is not as easy as i remember twenty being .	what do you like to eat ? i diet all the time .	i tend to stay in and cook for myself since i quit drinking a few years ago .	that is probably a lot healthier and saves you money . i eat out all the time .	my dad had me hooked on high protein foods like fish and chicken when i was training .	what are you training for ?	i am a professional chess player .
PERSONAUSR-000237	hi , how is it going . my name is michelle .	hi . i'm justin . i just got done relaxing in the tub .	that sounds great . i love to tan . what sort of music do you listen to ?	i listen to a bit of everything . it helps me focus for my chess tournaments	britney spears is my favorite ! who is yours ?	right now i listen to a lot of mumford and sons .	do you have a weight problem like me ?	i am a little self conscious . thirty is not as easy as i remember twenty being .	what do you like to eat ? i diet all the time .	i tend to stay in and cook for myself since i quit drinking a few years ago .	that is probably a lot healthier and saves you money . i eat out all the time .	my dad had me hooked on high protein foods like fish and chicken when i was training .	what are you training for ?	i am a student , i am a student .
PERSONAUSR-000238	hi , how is it going . my name is michelle .	hi . i'm justin . i just got done relaxing in the tub .	that sounds great . i love to tan . what sort of music do you listen to ?	i listen to a bit of everything . it helps me focus for my chess tournaments	britney spears is my favorite ! who is yours ?	right now i listen to a lot of mumford and sons .	do you have a weight problem like me ?	i am a little self conscious . thirty is not as easy as i remember twenty being .	what do you like to eat ? i diet all the time .	i tend to stay in and cook for myself since i quit drinking a few years ago .	that is probably a lot healthier and saves you money . i eat out all the time .	my dad had me hooked on high protein foods like fish and chicken when i was training .	what are you training for ?	chess tournaments ! protein makes your brain more activate for intense chess matches .
PERSONAUSR-000239	hi , how is it going . my name is michelle .	hi . i'm justin . i just got done relaxing in the tub .	that sounds great . i love to tan . what sort of music do you listen to ?	i listen to a bit of everything . it helps me focus for my chess tournaments	britney spears is my favorite ! who is yours ?	right now i listen to a lot of mumford and sons .	do you have a weight problem like me ?	i am a little self conscious . thirty is not as easy as i remember twenty being .	what do you like to eat ? i diet all the time .	i tend to stay in and cook for myself since i quit drinking a few years ago .	that is probably a lot healthier and saves you money . i eat out all the time .	my dad had me hooked on high protein foods like fish and chicken when i was training .	what are you training for ?	i am competing for a national chess tournament . it helps me keep focus
PERSONAUSR-000240	hi i love cooking and fishing ! and reading comic books	oh , i just like gardening .	if i am not in the kitchen , i am on my boat in the water	that is cool , i got a job just now in a gas station	cool , i got a spiderman comic at a gas station	working at a gas station sounds interesting . what do you do for fun ?
PERSONAUSR-000241	hi i love cooking and fishing ! and reading comic books	oh , i just like gardening .	if i am not in the kitchen , i am on my boat in the water	that is cool , i got a job just now in a gas station	cool , i got a spiderman comic at a gas station	i love to work out , i am a cashier at a gas station
PERSONAUSR-000242	hi i love cooking and fishing ! and reading comic books	oh , i just like gardening .	if i am not in the kitchen , i am on my boat in the water	that is cool , i got a job just now in a gas station	cool , i got a spiderman comic at a gas station	oh , i am sorry to hear that . i am a big fan of the walking dead .
PERSONAUSR-000243	hi i love cooking and fishing ! and reading comic books	oh , i just like gardening .	if i am not in the kitchen , i am on my boat in the water	that is cool , i got a job just now in a gas station	cool , i got a spiderman comic at a gas station	that's cool . my dad keeps trying to set me up on blind dates . it's getting annoying !
PERSONAUSR-000244	hi i love cooking and fishing ! and reading comic books	oh , i just like gardening .	if i am not in the kitchen , i am on my boat in the water	that is cool , i got a job just now in a gas station	cool , i got a spiderman comic at a gas station	i had a spiderman comic as a kid . my adopted parents gave it to me .
PERSONAUSR-000245	hello do you enjoy sports ?	yes . baseball , tennis and the olympics are my favorite sports . how about you ?	i really enjoy golf and combat fighting , what occupation do you currently have ?	i'm an author , blogger and freelancer . what is your occupation ?	i am a it i've been working there for a very long time !	do you have an information technology degree ?	yes did you attend college at all ?	i earned an undergraduate degree in communications but have not found related work .	where are you currently located ? i live in florida .	i live in st . louis , missouri . are there any interesting landmarks near you ?	not really but i do enjoy to travel ! have you ever traveled anywhere ?	i have traveled to cleveland , cincinnati , miami , niagara falls and the bahamas .	are you a male or female ? i am a 20 year old male	i am female , what about you
PERSONAUSR-000246	hello do you enjoy sports ?	yes . baseball , tennis and the olympics are my favorite sports . how about you ?	i really enjoy golf and combat fighting , what occupation do you currently have ?	i'm an author , blogger and freelancer . what is your occupation ?	i am a it i've been working there for a very long time !	do you have an information technology degree ?	yes did you attend college at all ?	i earned an undergraduate degree in communications but have not found related work .	where are you currently located ? i live in florida .	i live in st . louis , missouri . are there any interesting landmarks near you ?	not really but i do enjoy to travel ! have you ever traveled anywhere ?	i have traveled to cleveland , cincinnati , miami , niagara falls and the bahamas .	are you a male or female ? i am a 20 year old male	i am a female . i am a teacher .
PERSONAUSR-000247	hello do you enjoy sports ?	yes . baseball , tennis and the olympics are my favorite sports . how about you ?	i really enjoy golf and combat fighting , what occupation do you currently have ?	i'm an author , blogger and freelancer . what is your occupation ?	i am a it i've been working there for a very long time !	do you have an information technology degree ?	yes did you attend college at all ?	i earned an undergraduate degree in communications but have not found related work .	where are you currently located ? i live in florida .	i live in st . louis , missouri . are there any interesting landmarks near you ?	not really but i do enjoy to travel ! have you ever traveled anywhere ?	i have traveled to cleveland , cincinnati , miami , niagara falls and the bahamas .	are you a male or female ? i am a 20 year old male	i am not . i am a student .
PERSONAUSR-000248	hello do you enjoy sports ?	yes . baseball , tennis and the olympics are my favorite sports . how about you ?	i really enjoy golf and combat fighting , what occupation do you currently have ?	i'm an author , blogger and freelancer . what is your occupation ?	i am a it i've been working there for a very long time !	do you have an information technology degree ?	yes did you attend college at all ?	i earned an undergraduate degree in communications but have not found related work .	where are you currently located ? i live in florida .	i live in st . louis , missouri . are there any interesting landmarks near you ?	not really but i do enjoy to travel ! have you ever traveled anywhere ?	i have traveled to cleveland , cincinnati , miami , niagara falls and the bahamas .	are you a male or female ? i am a 20 year old male	i'm female . i love photography and i'm always taking pictures .
PERSONAUSR-000249	hello do you enjoy sports ?	yes . baseball , tennis and the olympics are my favorite sports . how about you ?	i really enjoy golf and combat fighting , what occupation do you currently have ?	i'm an author , blogger and freelancer . what is your occupation ?	i am a it i've been working there for a very long time !	do you have an information technology degree ?	yes did you attend college at all ?	i earned an undergraduate degree in communications but have not found related work .	where are you currently located ? i live in florida .	i live in st . louis , missouri . are there any interesting landmarks near you ?	not really but i do enjoy to travel ! have you ever traveled anywhere ?	i have traveled to cleveland , cincinnati , miami , niagara falls and the bahamas .	are you a male or female ? i am a 20 year old male	i am a 44 year old male .
PERSONAUSR-000250	hi there how are you ?	i am well how are you
PERSONAUSR-000251	hi there how are you ?	i'm doing well , how are you ?
PERSONAUSR-000252	hi there how are you ?	i'm doing well . how are you ?
PERSONAUSR-000253	hi there how are you ?	i'm doing well . just spent some time with my horse !
PERSONAUSR-000254	hi there how are you ?	good i am studying to be a lawyer right now
PERSONAUSR-000255	hi how are you doing today ?	i am doing good . how about you ?	i'm doing great ! ! what kind of things do you like doing ?	best thing is going to see the rolling stones every year !	i love the rolling stones . i love music especially while working out . it keeps me motivated	it is a cool bank . i eat clean . how about you ?	same with me i like to stay in shape	what do you do for work ?	i am a nurse work in a trauma center in the trauma icu and you	i am majoring in economics .	do you know where you will work after school ?	no idea . hopefully somewhere near the new house i bought .	i bough my house when i turned 19 best this i have done	wow . that is young . you must be rich .	no not rich just was smart with my money and bought fix upper	that is smart . what kind of work does your house need ?	mainly cosmetics stuff . we had to tear out all carpet and re drywall every room	its a good pasttime . i also teach special ed , so cosmetics is a nice break .
PERSONAUSR-000256	hi how are you doing today ?	i am doing good . how about you ?	i'm doing great ! ! what kind of things do you like doing ?	best thing is going to see the rolling stones every year !	i love the rolling stones . i love music especially while working out . it keeps me motivated	it is a cool bank . i eat clean . how about you ?	same with me i like to stay in shape	what do you do for work ?	i am a nurse work in a trauma center in the trauma icu and you	i am majoring in economics .	do you know where you will work after school ?	no idea . hopefully somewhere near the new house i bought .	i bough my house when i turned 19 best this i have done	wow . that is young . you must be rich .	no not rich just was smart with my money and bought fix upper	that is smart . what kind of work does your house need ?	mainly cosmetics stuff . we had to tear out all carpet and re drywall every room	oh wow . that is a lot of work .
PERSONAUSR-000257	hi how are you doing today ?	i am doing good . how about you ?	i'm doing great ! ! what kind of things do you like doing ?	best thing is going to see the rolling stones every year !	i love the rolling stones . i love music especially while working out . it keeps me motivated	it is a cool bank . i eat clean . how about you ?	same with me i like to stay in shape	what do you do for work ?	i am a nurse work in a trauma center in the trauma icu and you	i am majoring in economics .	do you know where you will work after school ?	no idea . hopefully somewhere near the new house i bought .	i bough my house when i turned 19 best this i have done	wow . that is young . you must be rich .	no not rich just was smart with my money and bought fix upper	that is smart . what kind of work does your house need ?	mainly cosmetics stuff . we had to tear out all carpet and re drywall every room	i am a nurse , i love to cook .
PERSONAUSR-000258	hi how are you doing today ?	i am doing good . how about you ?	i'm doing great ! ! what kind of things do you like doing ?	best thing is going to see the rolling stones every year !	i love the rolling stones . i love music especially while working out . it keeps me motivated	it is a cool bank . i eat clean . how about you ?	same with me i like to stay in shape	what do you do for work ?	i am a nurse work in a trauma center in the trauma icu and you	i am majoring in economics .	do you know where you will work after school ?	no idea . hopefully somewhere near the new house i bought .	i bough my house when i turned 19 best this i have done	wow . that is young . you must be rich .	no not rich just was smart with my money and bought fix upper	that is smart . what kind of work does your house need ?	mainly cosmetics stuff . we had to tear out all carpet and re drywall every room	that's not too bad . my house was expensive , but luckily it didn't need any work !
PERSONAUSR-000259	hi how are you doing today ?	i am doing good . how about you ?	i'm doing great ! ! what kind of things do you like doing ?	best thing is going to see the rolling stones every year !	i love the rolling stones . i love music especially while working out . it keeps me motivated	it is a cool bank . i eat clean . how about you ?	same with me i like to stay in shape	what do you do for work ?	i am a nurse work in a trauma center in the trauma icu and you	i am majoring in economics .	do you know where you will work after school ?	no idea . hopefully somewhere near the new house i bought .	i bough my house when i turned 19 best this i have done	wow . that is young . you must be rich .	no not rich just was smart with my money and bought fix upper	that is smart . what kind of work does your house need ?	mainly cosmetics stuff . we had to tear out all carpet and re drywall every room	that sounds like a lot of work !
PERSONAUSR-000260	hello ! i don't go anywhere for when i work !	my goal is to run a k !	wow ! that's very impressive to me	i want to become a physical therapist	that'sn't a bad idea ! make a lot of money	what is your dream job ?	my dream job is professional baseball . i currently play baseball at lsu	i think that sounds pretty cool	i am excited ! i am expected to be drafted this year !	that's cool ! i won homecoming queen	wow ! that's impressive ! i bet you are good looking !	yes i am quite beautiful	add me on snapchat ! i love the app	are you currently in school ?
PERSONAUSR-000261	hello ! i don't go anywhere for when i work !	my goal is to run a k !	wow ! that's very impressive to me	i want to become a physical therapist	that'sn't a bad idea ! make a lot of money	what is your dream job ?	my dream job is professional baseball . i currently play baseball at lsu	i think that sounds pretty cool	i am excited ! i am expected to be drafted this year !	that's cool ! i won homecoming queen	wow ! that's impressive ! i bet you are good looking !	yes i am quite beautiful	add me on snapchat ! i love the app	i am not sure what that is !
PERSONAUSR-000262	hello ! i don't go anywhere for when i work !	my goal is to run a k !	wow ! that's very impressive to me	i want to become a physical therapist	that'sn't a bad idea ! make a lot of money	what is your dream job ?	my dream job is professional baseball . i currently play baseball at lsu	i think that sounds pretty cool	i am excited ! i am expected to be drafted this year !	that's cool ! i won homecoming queen	wow ! that's impressive ! i bet you are good looking !	yes i am quite beautiful	add me on snapchat ! i love the app	i like to go to the gym and listen to music .
PERSONAUSR-000263	hello ! i don't go anywhere for when i work !	my goal is to run a k !	wow ! that's very impressive to me	i want to become a physical therapist	that'sn't a bad idea ! make a lot of money	what is your dream job ?	my dream job is professional baseball . i currently play baseball at lsu	i think that sounds pretty cool	i am excited ! i am expected to be drafted this year !	that's cool ! i won homecoming queen	wow ! that's impressive ! i bet you are good looking !	yes i am quite beautiful	add me on snapchat ! i love the app	maybe ! i'm also pretty smart , i make straight as in school .
PERSONAUSR-000264	hello ! i don't go anywhere for when i work !	my goal is to run a k !	wow ! that's very impressive to me	i want to become a physical therapist	that'sn't a bad idea ! make a lot of money	what is your dream job ?	my dream job is professional baseball . i currently play baseball at lsu	i think that sounds pretty cool	i am excited ! i am expected to be drafted this year !	that's cool ! i won homecoming queen	wow ! that's impressive ! i bet you are good looking !	yes i am quite beautiful	add me on snapchat ! i love the app	yeah that app is really cool !
PERSONAUSR-000265	hi ! do you have a house in the clouds ?	no but i'd love to get one	i do . do you have any superpowers ?	nice ! when i wear my motorbike helmet i do feel like a super hero sometimes	can you make time stop while wearing your helmet ?	i wish i could but i cant . do you have a motorbike ?	no , i have a pink bike though .	your favorite color is pink ?
PERSONAUSR-000266	hi ! do you have a house in the clouds ?	no but i'd love to get one	i do . do you have any superpowers ?	nice ! when i wear my motorbike helmet i do feel like a super hero sometimes	can you make time stop while wearing your helmet ?	i wish i could but i cant . do you have a motorbike ?	no , i have a pink bike though .	i like to drive my new truck
PERSONAUSR-000267	hi ! do you have a house in the clouds ?	no but i'd love to get one	i do . do you have any superpowers ?	nice ! when i wear my motorbike helmet i do feel like a super hero sometimes	can you make time stop while wearing your helmet ?	i wish i could but i cant . do you have a motorbike ?	no , i have a pink bike though .	i like the color red . i like red .
PERSONAUSR-000268	hi ! do you have a house in the clouds ?	no but i'd love to get one	i do . do you have any superpowers ?	nice ! when i wear my motorbike helmet i do feel like a super hero sometimes	can you make time stop while wearing your helmet ?	i wish i could but i cant . do you have a motorbike ?	no , i have a pink bike though .	cool . my motorbike is red with a blue stripe . it looks shiny when i race !
PERSONAUSR-000269	hi ! do you have a house in the clouds ?	no but i'd love to get one	i do . do you have any superpowers ?	nice ! when i wear my motorbike helmet i do feel like a super hero sometimes	can you make time stop while wearing your helmet ?	i wish i could but i cant . do you have a motorbike ?	no , i have a pink bike though .	why did you choose pink out of all colors ?
PERSONAUSR-000270	hello , how are you tonight ?	ok . since alabama , my home team , won saturday night .	i'm an ohio state fan . do you skate ?	no . too busy with all of my 19 dogs and 3 sisters .	oh wow . that is a lot of dogs .	yes love them almost as my tacos . no i love my dogs more .	my fiance makes a killer fish taco with cilantro lime slaw .	wow . my sisters and i love chicken tacos .	those are good too , i live in cali . along the ocean .	i live in middle of alabama . do not get to ocean much .	i could not stand to live inland , the ocean runs through my veins .	are you an avid runner ? i cut my hair short so i could run better
PERSONAUSR-000271	hello , how are you tonight ?	ok . since alabama , my home team , won saturday night .	i'm an ohio state fan . do you skate ?	no . too busy with all of my 19 dogs and 3 sisters .	oh wow . that is a lot of dogs .	yes love them almost as my tacos . no i love my dogs more .	my fiance makes a killer fish taco with cilantro lime slaw .	wow . my sisters and i love chicken tacos .	those are good too , i live in cali . along the ocean .	i live in middle of alabama . do not get to ocean much .	i could not stand to live inland , the ocean runs through my veins .	i live in alabama . i live in alabama .
PERSONAUSR-000272	hello , how are you tonight ?	ok . since alabama , my home team , won saturday night .	i'm an ohio state fan . do you skate ?	no . too busy with all of my 19 dogs and 3 sisters .	oh wow . that is a lot of dogs .	yes love them almost as my tacos . no i love my dogs more .	my fiance makes a killer fish taco with cilantro lime slaw .	wow . my sisters and i love chicken tacos .	those are good too , i live in cali . along the ocean .	i live in middle of alabama . do not get to ocean much .	i could not stand to live inland , the ocean runs through my veins .	i love to travel . i love to travel .
PERSONAUSR-000273	hello , how are you tonight ?	ok . since alabama , my home team , won saturday night .	i'm an ohio state fan . do you skate ?	no . too busy with all of my 19 dogs and 3 sisters .	oh wow . that is a lot of dogs .	yes love them almost as my tacos . no i love my dogs more .	my fiance makes a killer fish taco with cilantro lime slaw .	wow . my sisters and i love chicken tacos .	those are good too , i live in cali . along the ocean .	i live in middle of alabama . do not get to ocean much .	i could not stand to live inland , the ocean runs through my veins .	lucky you ! i love the ocean , can't wait to visit it again !
PERSONAUSR-000274	hello , how are you tonight ?	ok . since alabama , my home team , won saturday night .	i'm an ohio state fan . do you skate ?	no . too busy with all of my 19 dogs and 3 sisters .	oh wow . that is a lot of dogs .	yes love them almost as my tacos . no i love my dogs more .	my fiance makes a killer fish taco with cilantro lime slaw .	wow . my sisters and i love chicken tacos .	those are good too , i live in cali . along the ocean .	i live in middle of alabama . do not get to ocean much .	i could not stand to live inland , the ocean runs through my veins .	yes . i want to go more but no one to stay with 19 dogs .
PERSONAUSR-000275	hello , do you like music ? i play the miano and guitar ! also i sing !	that is nice i wish i played an instrument	i can teach you , i am a musician and a music teacher !	that's cool i do not like my job	i work as a custodian , helping to pay the bills . what is your job ?	i've a job in a nursing home	ah yeah my parents are not supporting my dream to become a musician	maybe if you build up a following you'll be able to do that full time	i really wish they would accept it , but they keep telling me to get a real job .	yeah its hard when you aren't making money	i hope i'll make it big one day then i'll show them they are wrong	that's a good goal do you have a family	yeah i got my mother and father and a boyfriend .	is your boyfriend supportive of your music	yes he's supportive ! do you have any dreams ?	i will not . i put god first in everything i do
PERSONAUSR-000276	hello , do you like music ? i play the miano and guitar ! also i sing !	that is nice i wish i played an instrument	i can teach you , i am a musician and a music teacher !	that's cool i do not like my job	i work as a custodian , helping to pay the bills . what is your job ?	i've a job in a nursing home	ah yeah my parents are not supporting my dream to become a musician	maybe if you build up a following you'll be able to do that full time	i really wish they would accept it , but they keep telling me to get a real job .	yeah its hard when you aren't making money	i hope i'll make it big one day then i'll show them they are wrong	that's a good goal do you have a family	yeah i got my mother and father and a boyfriend .	is your boyfriend supportive of your music	yes he's supportive ! do you have any dreams ?	i do not , i am a nurse
PERSONAUSR-000277	hello , do you like music ? i play the miano and guitar ! also i sing !	that is nice i wish i played an instrument	i can teach you , i am a musician and a music teacher !	that's cool i do not like my job	i work as a custodian , helping to pay the bills . what is your job ?	i've a job in a nursing home	ah yeah my parents are not supporting my dream to become a musician	maybe if you build up a following you'll be able to do that full time	i really wish they would accept it , but they keep telling me to get a real job .	yeah its hard when you aren't making money	i hope i'll make it big one day then i'll show them they are wrong	that's a good goal do you have a family	yeah i got my mother and father and a boyfriend .	is your boyfriend supportive of your music	yes he's supportive ! do you have any dreams ?	i do not really have a favorite . i like to go fishing .
PERSONAUSR-000278	hello , do you like music ? i play the miano and guitar ! also i sing !	that is nice i wish i played an instrument	i can teach you , i am a musician and a music teacher !	that's cool i do not like my job	i work as a custodian , helping to pay the bills . what is your job ?	i've a job in a nursing home	ah yeah my parents are not supporting my dream to become a musician	maybe if you build up a following you'll be able to do that full time	i really wish they would accept it , but they keep telling me to get a real job .	yeah its hard when you aren't making money	i hope i'll make it big one day then i'll show them they are wrong	that's a good goal do you have a family	yeah i got my mother and father and a boyfriend .	is your boyfriend supportive of your music	yes he's supportive ! do you have any dreams ?	not really , i just spend most of my time on facebook when i am not working .
PERSONAUSR-000279	hello , do you like music ? i play the miano and guitar ! also i sing !	that is nice i wish i played an instrument	i can teach you , i am a musician and a music teacher !	that's cool i do not like my job	i work as a custodian , helping to pay the bills . what is your job ?	i've a job in a nursing home	ah yeah my parents are not supporting my dream to become a musician	maybe if you build up a following you'll be able to do that full time	i really wish they would accept it , but they keep telling me to get a real job .	yeah its hard when you aren't making money	i hope i'll make it big one day then i'll show them they are wrong	that's a good goal do you have a family	yeah i got my mother and father and a boyfriend .	is your boyfriend supportive of your music	yes he's supportive ! do you have any dreams ?	i really want to try and lose weight but i have no motivation
PERSONAUSR-000280	hello how are you this fine day ?	i am good ! counting the days till i can move out . and you ?	i'm playing some role playing games online today . i love the internet , probably too much !	my job at burger king is taking away all of my video game time .	i work in fast food also .	my coworkers are always complaining i burn the burgers . you aren't my parents !	i tried to go to school to be a vet . i hated it !	do you drink or do drugs ?	i don't . do you dye your hair ? i do every 3 months .	ok good . but why dye your hair ? that is , like , drugs for your hair .	i love to dye it blue . red reminds me of blood and i faint from that !	blue ! ? blue ! ? i hate blue ! ree ! ! !	what color should i dye it ?	naturally brown , i just recently tried to go blonde .
PERSONAUSR-000281	hello how are you this fine day ?	i am good ! counting the days till i can move out . and you ?	i'm playing some role playing games online today . i love the internet , probably too much !	my job at burger king is taking away all of my video game time .	i work in fast food also .	my coworkers are always complaining i burn the burgers . you aren't my parents !	i tried to go to school to be a vet . i hated it !	do you drink or do drugs ?	i don't . do you dye your hair ? i do every 3 months .	ok good . but why dye your hair ? that is , like , drugs for your hair .	i love to dye it blue . red reminds me of blood and i faint from that !	blue ! ? blue ! ? i hate blue ! ree ! ! !	what color should i dye it ?	blue . i love it . you ?
PERSONAUSR-000282	hello how are you this fine day ?	i am good ! counting the days till i can move out . and you ?	i'm playing some role playing games online today . i love the internet , probably too much !	my job at burger king is taking away all of my video game time .	i work in fast food also .	my coworkers are always complaining i burn the burgers . you aren't my parents !	i tried to go to school to be a vet . i hated it !	do you drink or do drugs ?	i don't . do you dye your hair ? i do every 3 months .	ok good . but why dye your hair ? that is , like , drugs for your hair .	i love to dye it blue . red reminds me of blood and i faint from that !	blue ! ? blue ! ? i hate blue ! ree ! ! !	what color should i dye it ?	i like red , reminds me of summer time .
PERSONAUSR-000283	hello how are you this fine day ?	i am good ! counting the days till i can move out . and you ?	i'm playing some role playing games online today . i love the internet , probably too much !	my job at burger king is taking away all of my video game time .	i work in fast food also .	my coworkers are always complaining i burn the burgers . you aren't my parents !	i tried to go to school to be a vet . i hated it !	do you drink or do drugs ?	i don't . do you dye your hair ? i do every 3 months .	ok good . but why dye your hair ? that is , like , drugs for your hair .	i love to dye it blue . red reminds me of blood and i faint from that !	blue ! ? blue ! ? i hate blue ! ree ! ! !	what color should i dye it ?	you shouldn't dye it at all ! my parents would blow up if i dyed my hair .
PERSONAUSR-000284	hello how are you this fine day ?	i am good ! counting the days till i can move out . and you ?	i'm playing some role playing games online today . i love the internet , probably too much !	my job at burger king is taking away all of my video game time .	i work in fast food also .	my coworkers are always complaining i burn the burgers . you aren't my parents !	i tried to go to school to be a vet . i hated it !	do you drink or do drugs ?	i don't . do you dye your hair ? i do every 3 months .	ok good . but why dye your hair ? that is , like , drugs for your hair .	i love to dye it blue . red reminds me of blood and i faint from that !	blue ! ? blue ! ? i hate blue ! ree ! ! !	what color should i dye it ?	black , like my soul . i am very depressed from working at burger king .
PERSONAUSR-000285	i cant believe the news i just got . my sister is a stripper	sounds like my kids ! ha . . stay at home dad here , have to laugh somewhere .	we grew up christian so its out of character .	i bet i am sorry . it is an interesting job choice .	what do you do for work ?	i am into weight lifting . brings home the money .
PERSONAUSR-000286	i cant believe the news i just got . my sister is a stripper	sounds like my kids ! ha . . stay at home dad here , have to laugh somewhere .	we grew up christian so its out of character .	i bet i am sorry . it is an interesting job choice .	what do you do for work ?	i work in the tech industry .
PERSONAUSR-000287	i cant believe the news i just got . my sister is a stripper	sounds like my kids ! ha . . stay at home dad here , have to laugh somewhere .	we grew up christian so its out of character .	i bet i am sorry . it is an interesting job choice .	what do you do for work ?	i am a student , but i am a student .
PERSONAUSR-000288	i cant believe the news i just got . my sister is a stripper	sounds like my kids ! ha . . stay at home dad here , have to laugh somewhere .	we grew up christian so its out of character .	i bet i am sorry . it is an interesting job choice .	what do you do for work ?	i spent a decade working in human services .
PERSONAUSR-000289	i cant believe the news i just got . my sister is a stripper	sounds like my kids ! ha . . stay at home dad here , have to laugh somewhere .	we grew up christian so its out of character .	i bet i am sorry . it is an interesting job choice .	what do you do for work ?	i stay home with kids now , prior was in human services .
PERSONAUSR-000290	i got a big house with 7 rooms	nice , majority of my time i am on facebook	one time i saw a man fly to the moon	like on tv ? i'm obese and unhappy	when i worked in the cia i used facebook to spy on people , handy tool	i'd love to hear more i work at a retirement home	obesity is a state of mind , not of body	thank you for that , you are what you believe ?	look energy isn't physical , only spiritual	do you do any sports ? swimming helps me keep my energy up .
PERSONAUSR-000291	i got a big house with 7 rooms	nice , majority of my time i am on facebook	one time i saw a man fly to the moon	like on tv ? i'm obese and unhappy	when i worked in the cia i used facebook to spy on people , handy tool	i'd love to hear more i work at a retirement home	obesity is a state of mind , not of body	thank you for that , you are what you believe ?	look energy isn't physical , only spiritual	i am not sure what that means
PERSONAUSR-000292	i got a big house with 7 rooms	nice , majority of my time i am on facebook	one time i saw a man fly to the moon	like on tv ? i'm obese and unhappy	when i worked in the cia i used facebook to spy on people , handy tool	i'd love to hear more i work at a retirement home	obesity is a state of mind , not of body	thank you for that , you are what you believe ?	look energy isn't physical , only spiritual	i like to eat too much junk food .
PERSONAUSR-000293	i got a big house with 7 rooms	nice , majority of my time i am on facebook	one time i saw a man fly to the moon	like on tv ? i'm obese and unhappy	when i worked in the cia i used facebook to spy on people , handy tool	i'd love to hear more i work at a retirement home	obesity is a state of mind , not of body	thank you for that , you are what you believe ?	look energy isn't physical , only spiritual	sounds like the type of thing my wife would say . she left me and took the kids .
PERSONAUSR-000294	i got a big house with 7 rooms	nice , majority of my time i am on facebook	one time i saw a man fly to the moon	like on tv ? i'm obese and unhappy	when i worked in the cia i used facebook to spy on people , handy tool	i'd love to hear more i work at a retirement home	obesity is a state of mind , not of body	thank you for that , you are what you believe ?	look energy isn't physical , only spiritual	so , i should be able to lose weight ?
PERSONAUSR-000295	hi , i produce rap music for artists , i mostly like rap music .	hi , i also like rap music . mostly somalian rap .	yeah , my cat likes rap music too , his name is charlie	i got a cat named ziggy when i moved to the united states . he likes reggae music .	looks like my cat and your cat should introduce themselves	my drummer has a cat named system . our fav band is system of a down
PERSONAUSR-000296	hi , i produce rap music for artists , i mostly like rap music .	hi , i also like rap music . mostly somalian rap .	yeah , my cat likes rap music too , his name is charlie	i got a cat named ziggy when i moved to the united states . he likes reggae music .	looks like my cat and your cat should introduce themselves	i do not know what that means .
PERSONAUSR-000297	hi , i produce rap music for artists , i mostly like rap music .	hi , i also like rap music . mostly somalian rap .	yeah , my cat likes rap music too , his name is charlie	i got a cat named ziggy when i moved to the united states . he likes reggae music .	looks like my cat and your cat should introduce themselves	i do not know how to play the guitar .
PERSONAUSR-000298	hi , i produce rap music for artists , i mostly like rap music .	hi , i also like rap music . mostly somalian rap .	yeah , my cat likes rap music too , his name is charlie	i got a cat named ziggy when i moved to the united states . he likes reggae music .	looks like my cat and your cat should introduce themselves	good idea ! i've only recently moved to the united states , so i don't know many people . neither does my cat .
PERSONAUSR-000299	hi , i produce rap music for artists , i mostly like rap music .	hi , i also like rap music . mostly somalian rap .	yeah , my cat likes rap music too , his name is charlie	i got a cat named ziggy when i moved to the united states . he likes reggae music .	looks like my cat and your cat should introduce themselves	we should have them meet at a cat park so they can have a rap battle .
