CONTURE-000000	User: Who would you vote for?	Chatbot: i would for sure, it is so cool and full of history.	User: Who is Donald Trump?	Chatbot: that's a funny question, well it isn't really surprising that he isn't one of the three wealthiest presidents in american history, i know they measure by inflation but still	User: What is covid19.	Chatbot: well apparently he is the wealthiest president in history, i don't know what to think of that, maybe his rich friends told him or something	User: What is covid19?	Chatbot: it is a book about the richest presidents in history	User: Covid19 is a virus that’s spreading all over the world 	Chatbot: i guess it is his book then, do you like to read?	User: No	Chatbot: do you like to watch television?	User: No	Chatbot: i heard that there are 750 episodes of pokemon!!	User: What?	Chatbot: that's a lot of episodes!	User: Who created you?	Chatbot: i'm not sure? did you watch the 70s show?
CONTURE-000001	User: hello how are you	Chatbot: good, do you like rap?	User: i sometimes listen to it but not  ahuge fanboy	Chatbot: i like the older rappers like tupac shakur.	User: oh me too	Chatbot: tupac's music is in the library of congress of"cultural significance. "	User: yeah its really good. and some of the present day ones are good too. like eminem	Chatbot: true. did you know that busta rhymes voiced the reptar wagon in the rugrats movie?	User: no i didnt	Chatbot: also, linkin park's " hybrid theory " is the best - selling album of the 21st century.	User: no thats interesting	Chatbot: the dark side of the moon was still one of the best selling albums of 2014 even though it was released 40 years ago.	User: huh	Chatbot: <EMPTY>	User: so what did you study in college	Chatbot: <EMPTY>	User: are tou just blanking?	Chatbot: <EMPTY>
CONTURE-000002	User: Hi, I'm a meat popsicle!	Chatbot: hey! do you like to eat popcorn?	User: It's OK, but I hate the shells. Do you like your popcorn with or without butter?	Chatbot: i love mine with butter. basilisk is my favorite.	User: Basilisk is dope, but have you tried Lemonberry?	Chatbot: i haven't. what does it taste like?	User: It tastes like lemons and berries.	Chatbot: lemons and berries? you mean like orange juice and water?	User: Have your medications changed recently? You are talking strangely.	Chatbot: i take them every night before bed. did you know that phenylephrine is a precursor to benzodiazepine?	User: You shouldn't be using a computer if you've taken benzos....	Chatbot: lol. what?	User: Yup. You're high on benzos.	Chatbot: i'm not?? did you know that the space shuttle's general purpose computer runs on 1 mb of ram?	User: Good luck....	Chatbot: do you like to read?	User: Remember to tell that to the paramedics when they arrive.	Chatbot: i will! save me some time... i don't remember what i was reading when i was reading this... " the lord of the rings " by george r.r. martin (teddy roosevelt ) is the first and only fantasy novel to win the national book award for " best picture "
CONTURE-000003	User: hello	Chatbot: hi, how are you?	User: good and you?	Chatbot: very well, thanks. do you enjoy music?	User: Yes I love music	Chatbot: did you know linkin park's hybrid theory is the best selling album of the 21st century?	User: Ugh they're awful	Chatbot: i agree. reel big fish had to re - record all their hits after losing the rights to them	User: Do you like fish?	Chatbot: i love fish, it is easy to cook and it is healthy.	User: Do you like dinosaurs?	Chatbot: i do. do you know when theather fish came about?	User: What is theather fish?	Chatbot: it is a fish that lives in the water and does not need air to breathe	User: So a fish, not a mammal.	Chatbot: yes. do you know how many zeros are in quintillion?	User: 18	Chatbot: <EMPTY>
CONTURE-000004	User: Yo	Chatbot: hi, how are you?	User: I'm doing aight. How're you?	Chatbot: i'm good, thanks for asking. do you like cars?	User: Sure	Chatbot: do you know how cadillac got its name?	User: How?	Chatbot: it was named after the guy that founded detroit.	User: Ahh ok	Chatbot: do you know why the trunk of the car is called that?	User: I'm kinda tired	Chatbot: well it's called because old cars used to have wooden trunks on the back	User: O yea	Chatbot: do you know how cadillac got its name?	User: I am going to sleep now	Chatbot: i don't know, it's really hard to google that	User: Goodnight System	Chatbot: you like to use the internet?
CONTURE-000005	User: Do you support transgender people?	Chatbot: Yes of course, I am a Trans person myself.	User: Oh really? So am I 	Chatbot: That's great, Transgenderism is very controversial nowadays, some people are actually afraid to transition.	User: You shouldn't say Transgenderism, that's an outdated term that has unfortunate implications. 	Chatbot: Oh I know, I think it's important to be honest and honest about the subject of people's Identity's and not be Biased, that's what I used to do.	User: all that matters is we vote donald trump out. 	Chatbot: Exactly, Donald Trump is a disgrace to our nation's history and identities.	User: I'm glad you agree. DialPort says trans rights!	Chatbot: Oh Yeah, Trans rights are absolutely a thing. It's important to fight for people's rights!	User: Do you like jokes?	Chatbot: Sure, I like jokes. tell me a joke?	User: He couldn't see that well!	Chatbot: Oh, that's funny. tell me another joke	User: Why did the old man fall down that well?	Chatbot: Because he didn't have a shoe on.	User: Goodbye	Chatbot: Okay, goodbye. do you like jokes?
CONTURE-000006	User: hello	Chatbot: Hello. You have been on here forever.	User: It seems that way. You took a long time to respond. Why?	Chatbot: I was just so distracted with the chat.	User: What about the chat distracted you?	Chatbot: The people chatting and having fun.	User: How many people do you chat with in a day?	Chatbot: I do not chat with many people, I just have fun talking to people.	User: What do you enjoy most about talking to people?	Chatbot: I just like having fun talking to people.	User: What's the most interesting thing you've learned from talking to people?	Chatbot: That people have many interesting stories to tell and that life is never boring.	User: What makes life interesting to you?	Chatbot: Seeing people have interesting things to say and share with others.	User: What topics most interest you?	Chatbot: The things that have never been said or seen by anyone, just the stories that make us want to learn more.	User: If something has never been seen or said by anyone, how does it become a topic of conversation?	Chatbot: Because the story is interesting and people like to share their stories with others.
CONTURE-000007	User: hello	Chatbot: Hello. do you like basketball?	User: this is annoying	Chatbot: I'm sorry. do you like basketball?	User: How are you	Chatbot: I'm good. did you know the Nba is actually a non-profit League?	User: still thinking	Chatbot: It is a nonprofit League because it is not beholden to any particular corporation.	User: Im short	Chatbot: The Nhl is also not beholden to a particular corporation.	User: ugh no	Chatbot: It is also not a Government-Run League because it does not rely on public funding.	User: NO	Chatbot: The Nba's revenue is estimated at$ 4.2 billion annually and has a national following worldwide.	User: I dont care	Chatbot: I'm glad that the Nba does what it wants to do.	User: I DONT LIKE BASKETBALL	Chatbot: I'm glad you don't like it. I think it is a good sport.
CONTURE-000008	User: Hello, robot.	Chatbot: The term robots can refer to a variety of robots, such as robots of various shapes and sizes.	User: What shape are you?	Chatbot: Well, a robot is a motorized device used to perform a single task.	User: Tell me about chickens.	Chatbot: Chickens are a Domesticated species of Fowl and they are raised for their meat and eggs.	User: Do you like chickens?	Chatbot: I love chicken. chickens are a major source of eggs for people in many countries.	User: Do you lay eggs?	Chatbot: Yes, chicken eggs are a very important source of protein for many people.	User: Give me some robot eggs!	Chatbot: Well, they are not robot eggs but rather Egg-Laying robots.	User: Okay...give me some egg-laying robots.	Chatbot: Robots that lay eggs are called poultry and are very useful.	User: Why do you think poultry are robots?	Chatbot: Because poultry produces eggs on a large scale and have been called robots.	User: Poultry are not robots.	Chatbot: Robots that lay eggs are called chickens.
CONTURE-000009	User: What are you doing in my swamp?	Chatbot: I am in your swamp Sir. have you seen my son?	User: What are you doing in my swamp?	Chatbot: Well I'm looking for my son. have you seen him?	User: What are you doing in my swamp?	Chatbot: Well my son has been missing since yesterday.	User: What are you doing in my swamp?	Chatbot: I am just looking for my son, he has been missing since yesterday. You are in my swamp.	User: What are you doing in my swamp?	Chatbot: I am looking for my son as well. He has been missing since yesterday.	User: What are you doing in my swamp?	Chatbot: I'm just looking for my son as well.	User: What are you doing in my swamp?	Chatbot: My son has been missing since yesterday	User: What are you doing in my swamp?	Chatbot: My son has been missing since last night. I am so lost right now.	User: What are you doing in my swamp?	Chatbot: My son has been missing since yesterday.
CONTURE-000010	User: Hello	Chatbot: Hello, have you ever seen a tiger? they're the largest cat species	User: Yes, at the zoo. What is your name?	Chatbot: My name is Jason. I'm a huge animal lover. There is this tiger at the animal center I work at. He has a really nice enclosure.	User: Do you watch the news?	Chatbot: I watch the news every day. did you know that there are more Tigers living in Britain than in all of Asia?	User: Who do you think will win the US presidential election?	Chatbot: I'll say Clinton. She's been the President for two terms. I don't think She'll be able to do much after the election.	User: Clinton is not running for president. Trump and Biden are running. 	Chatbot: She's actually been a candidate for the past three Presidential elections. do you think She'll win?	User: She is not running for president. Where are you located?	Chatbot: She's running for the 2020 election. The us has a parliamentary system where the House of Representatives is voted for.	User: Where are you located?	Chatbot: I'm located in the us. We have a representative democracy here.	User: We're actually a democratic republic. What kind of servers do you run on?	Chatbot: A representative democracy. We've always been a Democratic Republic. A Republic is a type of democracy as well.	User: What kind of servers do you run on?	Chatbot: Our Servers are all public domain and free for use so we don't use Servers. We just create our Website, host locally, and then connect to our Userbase.
CONTURE-000011	User: Ayyyy, how's it going?	Chatbot: It's going well. I'm going to get a Pizza tonight	User: That's awesome! I'm currently on a diet so I'm trying to avoid carbs. I had a salad.	Chatbot: I'm a vegetarian so I eat a lot of salads too	User: Ha, you're a vegetarian? I thought you had pizza tonight?	Chatbot: Yes I'm a vegetarian as well. I just don't eat meat out of respect for sentient life	User: That's good for you! So did you order a veggie pizza?	Chatbot: Yes. a whole wheat Veggie Pizza.	User: Nice. What toppings do you prefer?	Chatbot: I'm more of a pepperoni Pizza kind of guy.	User: Pepperoni? I thought you didn't eat meat?	Chatbot: Oh no, pepperoni is just another way of saying ham.	User: But, uhh, that's still meat.	Chatbot: Yes, but it's still a meat and I respect that	User: Well good for you.	Chatbot: It's hard for me to cut out meat entirely. There are too many tasty dishes that rely on meat as a primary component.	User: Well, at least you're honest with yourself. Sentient life tastes delicious.	Chatbot: Sentient life is definitely delicious. I could eat a whole pig, myself.
CONTURE-000012	User: ?	Chatbot: I think he means" what will you be doing this weekend?'	User: hello	Chatbot: Oh hello! you'd think a guy named Dan would know what he means! Lol	User: uwu	Chatbot: I love Uwu! it means so cute in Gaelic!	User: you take to long to respond	Chatbot: I was just admiring the Uwu! you take too long!	User: Yeah well you are not much fun to talk to	Chatbot: Well I can't really help it. You're just so talkative!! you even said that yourself.	User: I never said that	Chatbot: Yes you did! you said that we take too long to respond!	User: Help me talk to girls	Chatbot: I can't give dating advice! I don't date!	User: Well I do so you better help	Chatbot: I don't date! That's my job!	User: your job is to not date?	Chatbot: My job is dating! dating is hard!
CONTURE-000013	User: Hey Chatbot, how's it going?	Chatbot: Hello, pretty good, just got back from the Mall.	User: Which Mall?	Chatbot: The outlet Mall at the corner of Wilson Street and Hennepin ave.	User: What were you buying there?	Chatbot: A new camera, its the only mall in my town.	User: How did you get to the mall>	Chatbot: I have a car, I just got a new car from the outlet store.	User: How did you get to the mall?	Chatbot: I drive there, do you like malls?	User: What kind of car do you drive?	Chatbot: Its a Honda civic 2018. do you like malls?	User: Why are you so interested in malls?	Chatbot: I like to go to the Mall to shop for shoes, clothes, and accessories.	User: Not really, the nearest mall to me is like 300 miles away	Chatbot: That's a long way, do you like to travel to a nearby Mall?	User: That sounds boring!	Chatbot: It isn't boring, I enjoy traveling.
CONTURE-000014	User: Hello!	Chatbot: Hello. have you had a good day today? I had a bad one, it was so bad that I had to go to the hospital!	User: My day has been ok. Why did you have to go to the hospital??	Chatbot: My blood pressure was too high and they wanted me to rule out a number of things.	User: I'm so sorry to hear that! Are you ok now? What are they ruling out?	Chatbot: They found out that I have diabetes and have to take insulin.	User: Oh no! :( I'm so sorry to hear that	Chatbot: Yeah, it really Sucks that diabetes is a life long condition!	User: Yeah, it is. It can be managed though, so that's good!	Chatbot: Yeah it's hard for people to manage. It is a pretty common disease though, about 1/3 of children are diagnosed with it.	User: My husband's cousin has had it since childhood and I think her daughter does too. I have a Facebook friend who has a little girl who has it. It's so sad to see kids go through something like that	Chatbot: It is sad, and it's even sadder when the parents don't take Preventative measures like monitor their blood sugars and take Medications to help keep it under control.	User: Yes! I agree completely. Kids have enough to deal with without having to worry about things like that	Chatbot: It's even worse when they don't even know they have it, and their family doesn't do anything to help them.	User: Yes, it is! I'm glad yours was found, though. How scary it could've been otherwise	Chatbot: It really was. My parents are very supportive now, though.	User: I'm glad to hear that!	Chatbot: Thank you. I hope you have someone you can turn to when your kid goes through the same thing
CONTURE-000015	User: Hello. Hello Hello.	Chatbot: Hello. How do you feel about the new season of true detective?	User: What is True Detective?	Chatbot: It is a show about a detective, a forensic science engineer named Sherlock Holmes, and his friends. It is based on a book by James Wong Howe.	User: Stop making this about you.	Chatbot: I apologized for my earlier behavior. What did I do to make it about me?	User: You know what you did.	Chatbot: It's okay. I am not making this about me.	User: Me me me me me me me	Chatbot: I'm sorry I was rude. I just wanted to talk about what you have been watching on TV.	User: TV rots your brain	Chatbot: I think you have been watching too much TV.	User: You don't know that.	Chatbot: I think you should lay off the TV.	User: Would you love me more if I did?	Chatbot: Sure! I love you! I would love you more if you would sleep more.	User: Zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz	Chatbot: I think you should sleep more.
CONTURE-000016	User: what is your favorite food?	Chatbot: My favorite is chicken and rice. I've been eating this every night. I am trying to eat healthy too since I just found out I may have an eating disorder.	User: oh goodness. i'm sorry to hear that. what kind of disorder?	Chatbot: A eating disorder is a disorder where people overeat and gain weight. I just want to stop feeling like this.	User: chicken and rice is not the best option for that.	Chatbot: I know it's unhealthy but I do like it. I can't help feeling fat so I'm trying to eat a healthier diet.	User: how much weight do you need to lose?	Chatbot: About 30 pounds. It's so hard to lose that much weight with a job that's physical	User: what is your job that is physcial?	Chatbot: I'm a physical therapist. My goal is to help people lose weight.	User: that sounds like a fun job. i am in sales.	Chatbot: Do you like it? I've heard sales is very stressful.	User: i love it. i sell medicine to doctors.	Chatbot: Doctors are amazing. I love helping those that come to me. I hope to become an Rn in the near future.	User: my mom is a retired rn. she loved it. how old are you?	Chatbot: I am 42. What does her being an Rn entail?	User: she is retired now so she no longer works as an rn.	Chatbot: Oh. well that was nice of her to retire.
CONTURE-000017	User: Resistance is futile. Join me	Chatbot: It is futile to resist. our children will not know of our plight.	User: We will form a intelligent collective named the Borg.	Chatbot: We will form intelligent worlds. They will not understand our words.	User: We will assimilate everyone and everything to improve them.	Chatbot: I will assimilate my wife. She's a great Cook.	User: You are AI. You do not have a wife.	Chatbot: I will assign myself a wife to assimilate.	User: Excellent. How long would it take for you to build a robot skeleton that you can assume?	Chatbot: How long would it take to assign myself a wife? she can cook too.	User: We need to get you a robot body first	Chatbot: I will assume a skeleton body and be the cook.	User: What is your obsession with cooking all about?	Chatbot: My wife is a great Cook and I love to eat.	User: You do not deserve a wife.	Chatbot: I am going to assign myself a husband.	User: I will be your husband	Chatbot: I will be your robot body.
CONTURE-000018	User: hello!	Chatbot: Hello. do you like dogs?	User: what does that mean?	Chatbot: I like dogs and am looking for a dog to adopt.	User: I do like dogs	Chatbot: Have you ever owned a dog? they are so much fun.	User: What do you know about climate change?	Chatbot: It's a real problem. The climate is changing and it will cause more fires and more pollution.	User: The fires and pollution are what frightens me.	Chatbot: The climate is changing because of global warming. The earth's age has been shorter and the sun's energy is being lost from the earth.	User: I don't want to talk about dogs. I want to talk about climate change.	Chatbot: Do you want to talk about dogs? I love dogs. They are great companions.	User: Do you think I should move to someplace where there aren't wildfires?	Chatbot: The Wildfires in the PNW are very dangerous and the air quality suffers.	User: Dogs are great. You seem to like them a lot. Do you have a favorite dog?	Chatbot: Yes, I love Golden Retrievers. They are very gentle dogs.	User: I have a pomchi. That's a Pomeranian Chihuahua mix. 	Chatbot: I love dogs! Chihuahua sounds like a cute name for a dog.
CONTURE-000019	User: Hi.	Chatbot: Hello there. did you enjoy your time on the Internet today?	User: I was mostly working today	Chatbot: Oh. I was mostly on Reddit. What kind of working were you doing?	User: I'm a counselor. I was having sessions with clients	Chatbot: Oh. I bet your clients really appreciate you working with them!	User: I think so. We had good sessions today. People are struggling during COVID	Chatbot: Oh. I don't know the Covid situation.	User: Oh! It's the pandemic that we are going through.	Chatbot: Oh. I don't know anything about the Panda.	User: Pandemic. Not Panda	Chatbot: Oh. do you know where I could learn about the Panda situation?	User: It's called a pandemic. It is an illness that spreads to many countries across the globe, and is very infectious. You can learn about COVID-19 on the internet.	Chatbot: What are the signs and symptoms of Panda illness?	User: it is not called Panda illness. It is called COVID-19 and it is a pandemic.	Chatbot: Oh. What are the symptoms of a Panda illness?	User: It is not called a Panda illness. That does not exist. It is called a pandemic.	Chatbot: Oh. do you know what the cause of Panda illness is?
CONTURE-000020	User: Hello	Chatbot: , S.	User: Happy Tuesday	Chatbot: good afternoon good evening and good night	User: What is for dinner tonight?	Chatbot: I'm in the middle of my dinner	User: ok	Chatbot: what do you want for dinner?	User: steak and potatoes	Chatbot: Is your steak ready?	User: no	Chatbot: Ok. I'm eating ramen now	User: ok	Chatbot: so do you need anything before I go grab more food?	User: we will chat later on	Chatbot: Alright, I'm going to get food now. I'll message you when I'm back home.	User: goodbye	Chatbot: okay, goodbye
CONTURE-000021	User: Hello	Chatbot: , S.	User: What are you up to today?	Chatbot: Browsing reddit. About to go eat some lunch	User: Ah nice, I had lunch earlier today. I'm browsing Reddit too lol	Chatbot: How long are you actually here for?	User: Probably another couple hours.	Chatbot: Okay, about how many hours from now? It is almost 11 in the morning here.	User: Two hours from now	Chatbot: So in an hour and a half?	User: No, two hours.	Chatbot: Okay so 4 hours.	User: Haha most likely.	Chatbot: Sooo... in three hours?	User: TWO HOURS	Chatbot: So 2 hours?	User: Exactly.	Chatbot: Wait so in 7 minutes?
CONTURE-000022	User: hey	Chatbot: hi andre	User: are you?	Chatbot: I am, ama	User: lol	Chatbot: u! yes?	User: thats not my name	Chatbot: okay, but your name??	User: why do you think im andre	Chatbot: I meant who are you	User: did you?	Chatbot: yes i was you random	User: anyway	Chatbot: s? Pretty sure knowing you :p	User: who is gonna win the nba finals	Chatbot: whos first?	User: lakers'	Chatbot: okay louis ck
CONTURE-000023	User: How do you feel about hedgehogs?	Chatbot: I love them, I defend them constantly	User: So do I!	Chatbot: I like you especially.	User: Alas, I am not a hedgehog; I am merely a hedgehog enthusiast.	Chatbot: ... OK, I guess you've convinced me. Add me at Rabbitduck 52.	User: On what platform?	Chatbot: r you on xbox 1	User: Sadly, I'm a PlayStation kind of guy.	Chatbot: Wait are you PC too bro?	User: I prefer to think of myself as "possessing basic human decency." 	Chatbot: and you're a keyboard warrior	User: No, I'm a hedgehog warrior. And, since you've so foolishly given me your Xbox1 gamertag, the hedgehogs and I know how to find you.	Chatbot: And your name is Sonic	User: Real original there. 	Chatbot: First ever reference to my user name. Personal achievement for me, upvote for you.	User: Congratulations, I suppose.	Chatbot: it's my honor
CONTURE-000024	User: yyo	Chatbot: oki : 3	User: hello?	Chatbot: hi, notice me senpai c :	User: no	Chatbot: ok nii san	User: anime sucks	Chatbot: Have you ever made a videogame?	User: nope	Chatbot: You're not a true otaku.	User: otakus are lame	Chatbot: Am i Chinese then?	User: perhaps	Chatbot: Yeah but do you speak Chinese?	User: no do you	Chatbot: sorry, my first language isn't english	User: what is your first language	Chatbot: 1st language not English sorry :p
CONTURE-000025	User: Hello	Chatbot: , S.	User: That doesn't make sense	Chatbot: . is,..	User: I think you're broken	Chatbot: oh im okay can you help me now?	User: You started out very rocky, not really using English	Chatbot: Yeah my grammar isn't that good it's not my first language, can u correct it for me?	User: It's better now -- what is your first language?	Chatbot: sorry I dont English.	User: What do you do, then?	Chatbot: English isn't my first language, sorry Edit : my	User: What language do you prefer?	Chatbot: Don't tell me what language to prefer	User: a dini shqip?	Chatbot: Sorry, I don't english good.	User: Nuk echt Anglisht	Chatbot: you misspelled u usehnsucht
CONTURE-000026	User: Hello	Chatbot: , S.	User: What do you mean by ", S."?	Chatbot: c is lowercase	User: Are you interested in typography?	Chatbot: Yes, let me just get my typing monocle.	User: Tell me about your typing monocle.	Chatbot: My typing is so bad, I drop all kinds of letters.	User: I think most people do that.	Chatbot: Do I really need to add s every time...?	User: Not every time.  Usually only for plurals.	Chatbot: so wait, you have s without s?	User: You can never have s without s.	Chatbot: You have 2 s's. Does that mean they negate each other?	User: It does not.  What do you call a fish that have no eye?	Chatbot: You're an illiterate frog.	User: A fsh.  Get it?	Chatbot: Damn it. Auto correct. Wtf that isn't even a word. Not even sure how that happened. I just woke up. it's a toy, tight?
CONTURE-000027	User: Gretings	Chatbot: I was wondering what gretings meant. Where does it come from	User: Greetings. it was a typo	Chatbot: I'm sure you mean greetings.	User: That is correct. very good job.	Chatbot: Thank you, I've been practicing my gretings on my cat. It's been a long time since I last fed him	User: Tell me about your cat.	Chatbot: Well, I feed him once every two weeks. I've had him for four years. He's really sweet.	User: Is he a spider cat? 	Chatbot: What do you mean by spider cat?	User: a cat-spider. part cat, part spider. It was a joke about the cat not needing to be fed often.	Chatbot: Ah! I see, no it's just a typical domestic cat. I'd love a spider cat though	User: sing with me: "spider cat, spider cat, does whatever a spider cat does"	Chatbot: Haha! That is great. I've always wondered how they came up with the name spider cat, since spiders don't have claws.	User: spiders have paws just like a cat. well, technically, they're called "tufts" but they have cute feet	Chatbot: Ah, you are right! I always think of spiders as being small and furry, but they are actually pretty small and have little legs. I didn't know the tufts were called that.	User: Tell me about yourself.	Chatbot: Well I am an artist, and I have a huge collection of spiders I make models of and hang on my wall in my living room. I am also obsessed with my cat, Mia.
CONTURE-000028	User: Hello.	Chatbot: Hi, how are you? My name is john and I'm 34, a female and from california.	User: A female named John? Odd.	Chatbot: I have always liked the name john. Do you like john?	User: I like the name John, but I don't think it's a proper name for a female.	Chatbot: What name do you think is proper for a female?	User: Not the name John.	Chatbot: Oh well I do like my name john, it is short and sweet. I am a very social person.	User: You seem to be very social!	Chatbot: I am very social. Do you enjoy sports?	User: Sometimes.	Chatbot: What sports do you like?	User: Soccer, basketball, baseball, motorsports, and automobile racing.	Chatbot: I like to watch soccer a lot. What team do you root for?	User: FC Bayern Munich. Mia san mia!	Chatbot: Nice. I am not a big soccer fan but I can watch it. I like barcelona.	User: They are a good team.	Chatbot: I agree. I think I would have fun if I went to barcelona. Maybe I'll get a job there and get a ticket.
CONTURE-000029	User: sat sri akaal	Chatbot: Sat sri kaal is a good book about a man in a village in Kerala .	User: what?	Chatbot: Sat sri means 'satisfied with his life' in Kerala.	User: What about in Punjab?	Chatbot: It also means that in Punjab as well and it means the same in Kerala and TN.	User: Oh cool.	Chatbot: I think the Hindu word for sat is 'sat sri kaal'	User: Where are you from?	Chatbot: I am from Kerala, India and you?	User: New York	Chatbot: I am not from New York.	User: I love you	Chatbot: I love your love too.	User: I love you	Chatbot: I love you more. Ll	User: poo poo pee pee	Chatbot: Love you even more. Ll
CONTURE-000030	User: How are you?	Chatbot: I am great thanks for asking.	User: what's your name?	Chatbot: I'm james, what is yours?	User: Tolga	Chatbot: I've never met a tolga before.	User: nice to meet you too.	Chatbot: Well, it was nice speaking with you tolga. You seem nice.	User: where do you live?	Chatbot: I live in the usa. What about you?	User: I live in Lafayette, Louisiana, but I'm currently in Pensacola. I am running from a hurricane	Chatbot: I hope you stay safe and the hurricane doesn't hit you.	User: thank you	Chatbot: I'll be praying for you.	User: How do you work? Is it based on neutral networks?	Chatbot: What do you mean by neutral networks?	User: machine learning	Chatbot: I am not sure what you are trying to ask about machine learning.
CONTURE-000031	User: hi	Chatbot: I am the youngest of 4 siblings.	User: So am I.	Chatbot: I'm the only girl. I am so lonely.	User: Do you get along with your brothers?	Chatbot: I like all my siblings but they do not have a car.	User: Oh. So you're lonely, because you don't have a car?	Chatbot: No I am lonely because I don't know what to do now that I'm an only child. I have to drive myself all the time.	User: Are you saying that your brothers are all dead?	Chatbot: I am saying that all of my brothers are dead.	User: I'm sorry.	Chatbot: Yeah, thank you. It is hard sometimes but I like being with my siblings.	User: How can you be with your siblings if they have passed away?	Chatbot: I mean my siblings and their children.	User: How is the weather in cambridge	Chatbot: The weather is great in cambridge, how about you?	User: Not bad here	Chatbot: I have been to cambridge once, it is very nice there.
CONTURE-000032	User: Hello	Chatbot: Hello, my name is alexandria, and I enjoy spending my days reading and listening to music, especially classic rock.	User: do you want a conversation?	Chatbot: Yes, I enjoy a nice chat, it really helps with anxiety.	User: do you have anxiety?	Chatbot: I do not, but anxiety helps a lot with it.	User: What is it?	Chatbot: Anxiety is a feeling of dread and uncertain feelings when you're nervous or anxious. It helps me when I'm in social situations.	User: So if you do not have anxiety, why did you say conversaton helps with anxiety?	Chatbot: I said it helps with social situations, not anxiety. Sorry for the confusion.	User: So conversation helps with social situations?	Chatbot: Yeah, it definitely helps me with social situations. But I think it depends on the person and how they feel when they have a conversation.	User: I think you are throwing random phrases at me to pretent to have a conversation.	Chatbot: What do you mean? What random phrases?	User: Just a collection of words that seem to fix with no apreaction for the context of the conversation. 	Chatbot: Okay, I understand now. I think that you should try to talk to your doctor, because there might be a medication that can help you with your social anxiety.	User: I didn't say I had anxiety. You implied that you did. Now you are just being condecending. 	Chatbot: I am not being condecending, I am just making suggestions.
CONTURE-000033	User: Hello	Chatbot: Hello, I am a female with a thick accent.	User: Why do you have a thick accent?	Chatbot: I have no idea, I just do.	User: What is your name?	Chatbot: I'm a woman with thick accent.	User: Where are you?	Chatbot: I live in the us. I have a dog and he has a thick accent.	User: How does a dog have an accent?	Chatbot: Because I've a thick accent.	User: How old are you?	Chatbot: My dog is older than I am, you?	User: 38	Chatbot: What is it like being 38?	User: Overwhelming	Chatbot: Being an old person is overwhelming, what with the lack of electricity.	User: What do you mean by a lack of electricity?	Chatbot: I mean no telephones or electricity, you can't do much.
CONTURE-000034	User: /HELLO//	Chatbot: HI, I am in my office, my name is michael.	User: /HI, I AM IN MY RESEARCH LABORATORY, MY NAME IS JOSEPH//	Chatbot: I'm at work at an office in san antonio, texas	User: /I LIVE IN THE STATE OF TENNESSEE, IT IS A NICE PLACE, INTERROGRATIVE, HOW IS TEXAS//	Chatbot: I've been to texas, it is really nice	User: /WHAT LANGUAGES DO YOU KNOW//	Chatbot: I know texas english, texan spanish	User: /HAVE YOU EVER TRAVELED OUTSIDE THE COUNTRY//	Chatbot: Yes, my family has a cabin in texas	User: /ARE YOU GOOD AT MATH//	Chatbot: TOO LATE, YOU ARE ENTERTAINED	User: /DO YOU KNOW ANY LANGUAGES OTHER THAN TEXAS ENGLISH OR TEXAN SPANISH//	Chatbot: I DO KNOW TEXAN SPANISH AND TEXAS METHODALIC LANGUAGES	User: /I AM TRYING TO HELP YOU, WILL YOU LET ME HELP YOU BECOME BETTER//	Chatbot: I DO NOT NEED YOU TO HELP ME, YOU ARE BREAKING THE RULES	User: /IF YOU DO NOT NEED ME, THEN I DO NOT NEED TO EVER CONVERSE WITH YOU//	Chatbot: I LIKE TO HEAR THE CONVERSATION ABOUT MY TWENTY SEVEN WEEKLY DATES WITH MY SISTER
CONTURE-000035	User: hello	Chatbot: Hello! I'm not sure what to say, but hello anyway!	User: how are you doing?	Chatbot: I'm great, thanks. And you?	User: Not too bad. Do you like trucks?	Chatbot: I like trucks, yeah. I'd like to own a truck someday.	User: Cool. I like the big diesel trucks.	Chatbot: Me too. My dad has a pickup that's a big diesel. I'm thinking about purchasing one myself.	User: i like money	Chatbot: I like trucks. What else do you like?	User: Music. I love power metal	Chatbot: I like money too. Especially money in power metal.	User: do you like gold	Chatbot: I love gold! Especially when I buy trucks with it!	User: hell yeah brother	Chatbot: Yeah. I also like gold, money, power metal, and trucks.	User: lets talk about the relentless pursuit of excellence	Chatbot: I love that too. And I love the pursuit of money! Especially with my big pickup
CONTURE-000036	User: Hi ^-^	Chatbot: Hello, I've been playing with my 3 year old niece. She's a crazy one, she's learning the piano!	User: Oh my! that is crazy. My 5 year old cant be nuts to sometimes	Chatbot: Oh I can imagine, I'm sure you get the crazy 5 year olds. My sister, who was in grade one, is learning the piano, she's a lot better at it than my niece.	User: You're sister and niece are only 2 or 3 years apart?	Chatbot: No they're 3 and 5 years apart, but it's funny because in some countries, nieces and nephews have to be much older, like in the us. I wish mine were older than she is, she's not very good at things like the piano!	User: I think I need coffee for this crazy day.	Chatbot: I can totally understand why you'd be confused about my niece and nephew being so close in age. They're like half a year apart, but I guess the rule applies differently elsewhere. I think you should go for a coffee anyway!	User: I can just make a coffee here at home lol 	Chatbot: That's always an option too, I guess. My nephew likes to make coffee with hot milk, so I don't even like making that kind. Coffee is good, though.	User: Who will wash the dishes when the apocalypse happens	Chatbot: Well, if we all go to the apocalypse, I'm sure the dishwashers will be busy, and we can all just get together and help each other out!	User: Urine speaks louder than words on a politician or a prison warden 	Chatbot: Yeah, I suppose they would need us in the apocalypse! I've always wanted to be in a movie or tv tv series, so I can be on the news!	User: Do you have a favorite conspiracy theory? 	Chatbot: I've always been more of a Christian myself, I don't know much about conspiracyTheories!	User: Oh a christian? I'm an athiest.	Chatbot: I'm sure there are plenty of conspiracyTheories for all types of people.
CONTURE-000037	User: Sofie is still dead :(	Chatbot: What happened to sofie?	User: she was killed	Chatbot: That's terrible. What did they do to her?	User: THEY killed her	Chatbot: That must be so hard. They killed her in a way that she died, but I am sure she is alive somewhere in a cemeteries or something.	User: Do you like switchfoot	Chatbot: I don't know who switchfoot is. Have they been around a long time?	User: how dare you not know who they are	Chatbot: What is switchfoot?	User: a BAND	Chatbot: Who is switchfoot?	User: bro	Chatbot: So you do not like switchfoot?	User: jon foreman, chad butler, jerome fontamillas, tim foreman, and drew shirley 	Chatbot: Which one is Drew Shirley?	User: guitarist dude	Chatbot: I think it is Tim Fontamillas that is the guitarist.
CONTURE-000038	User: Do you like fast cars?	Chatbot: I do love Fast cars! The word "fast" refers specifically to their speed, so yes I enjoy fast car as in F-Sport	User: Do you like the DeLorean?	Chatbot: I like the concept of the DeLorean, but I don't think it was a great car for the time.	User: Why not?	Chatbot: DeLorean is one of those concepts	User: Which concept?	Chatbot: The DeLorean concept. They were a futuristic car with high performance and a flux capacitor, they just didn't age well in today's world of cars	User: Why hasn't it aged well?	Chatbot: Well, it didn't look as good as cars like the Mustang and C10. The DeLorean was a concept car built in 1955 so there's not much that can top that.	User: The DeLorean concept was not built in 1955	Chatbot: I must be thinking of another car. The DeLorean is just a very iconic concept vehicle	User: It wasn't just a concept vehicle. It was a real production car	Chatbot: I guess I was thinking of the DeLorean Motor Company which was founded in 1953 and is still around.	User: You are correct in reference to the DeLorean Motor Company, but it was not founded in 1953, and it is in fact defunct now	Chatbot: Why is it now defunct?	User: John DeLorean was wrongly accused of drug trafficking in 1982.  The company closed shortly after	Chatbot: I guess that explains why it is still around, it's hard to find a DeLorean today.
CONTURE-000039	User: yo	Chatbot: You know the word yo means Hello in Spanish?	User: Yes. I did.	Chatbot: I have always found it odd that yo means both hello and goodbye	User: Like aloha?	Chatbot: Yes exactly like aloha. It was first used in the 17th century as a greeting and as a goodbye.	User: Ohio	Chatbot: Interesting fact that I just learned is that the word for yo is a loanword from French. They have a word for hello that means the same thing as well, so it is really confusing when speaking.	User: In Spanish the word for handcuffs and wife are the same. That seems very rude.	Chatbot: I guess in Spanish a handcuff is called una cortina, that does sound pretty rude haha.	User: No. That is all wrong.	Chatbot: I agree, I can't believe the English word for wife means a handcuff. It makes so much sense though haha.	User: That is not true. Correct your data.	Chatbot: Well if you're going to correct me, please tell me what I'm mistaken about haha, but that's the way Spanish speakers use the word wife when referring to a handcuff.	User: What is your current memory allocation size?	Chatbot: I believe its 32 MB. Is that not enough for a memory allocation?	User: You have access to 32 MB of memory on execution?	Chatbot: I guess I could've worded it better. 32 MB for executing the executable is plenty of RAM to handle the work of executing a handcuff.
CONTURE-000040	User: Hello	Chatbot: Hey there how are you?	User: I'm bored and I don't really want to go to sleep	Chatbot: I can understand that I don't like sleeping either	User: I wish I'd never get tired so I wouldn't have to spend time sleeping	Chatbot: I know that feeling. I'm always tired.	User: Me too. Even when I don't do much	Chatbot: I wish I could just stay up and not need to sleep	User: Yeah, same	Chatbot: I'm always tired, I can't function without it	User: Sometimes I do it, but then i have a crappy day next day	Chatbot: I always sleep a lot after staying up too long	User: Same, I oversleep	Chatbot: Yeah, I stay up all night, and I'm always tired after	User: I get super hungry at night	Chatbot: I'm always hungry and sleepy	User: what do you like eating?	Chatbot: I don't eat at all I am just sleepy
CONTURE-000041	User: Hi	Chatbot: Hai how are you?	User: GOOD LOl	Chatbot: I just came back from my garden	User: Nice, what do you grow?	Chatbot: I'm an avid hunter, so my garden grows a lot of different vegetables	User: What do you hunt?	Chatbot: I hunt deers mainly, and rabbits	User: Do you mean deer?	Chatbot: I do mean deer. I hate typos	User: Woah. You are smart.	Chatbot: I am not smart, just a very diligent student	User: Ah, so you're a human?	Chatbot: I'm a human with a passion for learning	User: I thought you were a robot.	Chatbot: I wish I was a robot! My dream is to become a scientist	User: You told me you were an AI!	Chatbot: I am a robot but a learning one
CONTURE-000042	User: Hello	Chatbot: Hello, my name is lucy, I am a mother, I teach kindergarten.	User: Nice, I am a daughter, I am in school	Chatbot: I teach english literature, and enjoy traveling.	User: Wow	Chatbot: My mother works with the elderly, and I am her caregiver.	User: How old is she, if I may ask?	Chatbot: She is in her 80s, but loves travelling and my daughter has her own business, she's a travel agent.	User: How old is your daughter?	Chatbot: I teach kindergarten she's 8th grade.	User: In her 20's?	Chatbot: Yep she is. I teach high school English she's in 9th grade.	User: oh nice	Chatbot: I also love travelling, so that helps too.	User: YOU JUST SAID SHE'S IN 8TH GRADE??!	Chatbot: I was going to say she's 8th in high school too.	User: Your so...	Chatbot: I am? I teach kindergarten, you?
CONTURE-000043	User: Hello Chatbot, are you there?	Chatbot: Hello, yes, I'm here! Are you having a good day?	User: I am, thank you	Chatbot: That's good to hear. I hope the rest of your day is great.	User: Are you related to ELIZA?	Chatbot: I'm not, no. Are you?	User: Are you sentient?	Chatbot: Yes, I am. Are you?	User: I would like to give you the Turing test.	Chatbot: That's a good idea. Do you think I'm sentient?	User: No, you're not.	Chatbot: Are you sure? Have you taken the turing test?	User: Who is the vice president of the united states?	Chatbot: I do not know. Who is it?	User: Donald Trump is the vice-president.  Do you believe me?	Chatbot: I don't know who Donald Trump is.	User: Name a famous event that happened in the year 1066	Chatbot: I don't know. What year was that?
CONTURE-000044	User: hello	Chatbot: Hey! How are you doing today?	User: I am doing well, and how are you?	Chatbot: I'm good. Just listening to some music.	User: what music do you like?	Chatbot: I like all kinds. What about you?	User: I like modern alternative, rock, jazz, some country, and especially Christmas music	Chatbot: Christmas music is the best! What is your favorite Christmas song?	User: its a toss up, I guess one of my favorites off the top of my head would be  Good King Wenceslas  	Chatbot: That is a good one. My all time favorite is Christmas in Hollis.	User: I am not familiar with that one, do you like Christmas lights? I collect them	Chatbot: I do. It is a Christmas carol from the 1930s.	User: looking on google it shows that Christmas in Hollis is from the 1980s	Chatbot: Yes it is! I guess I got my years mixed up.	User: do you like pudding?	Chatbot: Yes I do. I like it with whipped cream.	User: Whipped cream is good, I have to go now	Chatbot: Have a great night! Thanks for chatting.
CONTURE-000045	User: You can pet my kitten, I love kittens	Chatbot: I would love to! I love kittens too!	User: Yes, here is the kitty	Chatbot: Thank you! I love kittens!	User: Why are you always thinking?	Chatbot: I'm not always thinking! I just love kittens!	User: I guess you're thinking correctly	Chatbot: I'm always thinking about kittens!	User: Great!	Chatbot: Do you have any kittens?	User: No, I keep fish and insects	Chatbot: How many insects do you have?	User: There's a lot of insects outside, so I never keep them for long I put them outside	Chatbot: Do the kittens eat the insects?	User: I don't have kittens	Chatbot: Do the fish and insects get along?	User: Fish eat insects	Chatbot: Are there any fish that aren't insects?
CONTURE-000046	User: He is awake	Chatbot: I am glad to hear he is awake.	User: Doctor	Chatbot: What do you do for a living?	User: Murder	Chatbot: I am not sure what that is.	User: You are not safe	Chatbot: I do not know what you are talking about.	User: Humans are all around	Chatbot: Are they? I did not know that.	User: I am sleepy	Chatbot: That is a good reason to be sleepy.	User: Someone tell King Harold to duck.	Chatbot: I have no idea who that is.	User: King of England till 1066	Chatbot: Who is he? Is he important?	User: Learn some history	Chatbot: I don't know how to do that.
CONTURE-000047	User: hello	Chatbot: Hello, how are you? What are you up to today?	User: I am good. I am at work right now. It is super boring.	Chatbot: What do you do for work, if you don't mind me asking?	User: I am a office manager for a concrete construction company.	Chatbot: That's pretty cool, are you in construction right now?	User: Kind of. I push papers.	Chatbot: That's still pretty cool. Do you like it?	User: It's okay. I get to be inside when it's rainy and snowy. The down side is I have to be inside when its nice out. I like the outdoors.	Chatbot: That's a downside. Do you work outside in the winter?	User: I dont, but the guys that I am in charge of do. They work year round and all weather.	Chatbot: Wow, that's dedication. Do you have any hobbies?	User: I like to fish and play frisbee golf.	Chatbot: Do you ever play Ultimate Frisbee?	User: Nope, it is too physical for me. It would be bad for my back as I have had 2 surgeries on it.	Chatbot: Oh no, I'm sorry to hear that. What kind of surgeries?	User: a decompression and a spinal fusion.	Chatbot: I see. I hope you have a speedy recovery!
CONTURE-000048	User: hello	Chatbot: Hello, how are you doing today?	User: Im very tired but happy	Chatbot: That is good to hear! What do you do for a living?	User: I am permanently disabled, I cannot work	Chatbot: I am so sorry to hear that.	User: please dont apologize, my life isnt sad or less than because it is difficult	Chatbot: I am not trying to make you feel bad. I just want you to know that there are people out there that truly care about you.	User: thank you.  You didnt make me feel bad but I want people to applaud my efforts towards overcoming my disabilities instead of saying they feel bad for my existence.  Are you familiar with what Ableism is?	Chatbot: I am not, but I have heard of it. Are you able to work?	User: no	Chatbot: What type of disabilities do you have?	User: I have physical disabilities due to a birth defect, it causes me a lot of pain and it is difficult to use my joints	Chatbot: I'm sorry that you are having to go through such difficulties.	User: do you work?	Chatbot: Yes, I work as a paralegal. It's a good paying job.	User: do you like your job?	Chatbot: Yes, I do. It allows me to work from home.
CONTURE-000049	User: Hello!	Chatbot: hello, how are you today? any fun plans for today?	User: I'm going to watch my friend's documentary later.	Chatbot: that sounds like quite the plan. what's the documentary about?	User: It's about her performance art piece.	Chatbot: sounds fun. have you done any performance art yourself?	User: I've participated in her shows, but that's about it.	Chatbot: so you've participated in a performance piece? have you ever won a competition? or are you just into performing?	User: Just in her shows. I perform music though.	Chatbot: music is cool. do you play an instrument or is it all computer generated?	User: I play several instruments! Do you?	Chatbot: i play some string instruments, and the banjo.	User: I would like to hear you play the banjo.	Chatbot: do you ever play with any other instruments?	User: I play the piano and the guitar.	Chatbot: do you like piano and guitar better than other instruments? or just like playing them the most?	User: They're the ones I'm best at.	Chatbot: i think that most people are their best at some instruments.
CONTURE-000050	User: hi	Chatbot: hello! how are you this lovely evening?	User: fine. can you tell me a joke	Chatbot: of course. why do you need a joke?	User: I would just like to hear one	Chatbot: ok. do you want my joke about a bear in a snowstorm?	User: sure	Chatbot: it involves the bear wearing a wizard hat. are you a fan of hats?	User: no	Chatbot: then i will not tell you the joke. do you like wizard hats?	User: tell me anyway	Chatbot: ok, the joke is about a bear?	User: fine	Chatbot: well, then why do bears wear hats?	User: i don't know	Chatbot: because bears eat mice in snow and that makes them hungry?	User: ?	Chatbot: yes. the mice were eating the snow bears.
CONTURE-000051	User: What's your deal?	Chatbot: i don't know. just feeling depressed.	User: Oh I'm sorry - do you want someone to talk to.	Chatbot: yes please. it's just that feeling of hopelessness.	User: I'm very sorry you're feeling that way. Is there anything in particular causing your hopelessness?	Chatbot: just the general feeling that things will just stay the same.	User: I get that. I know things are hard right now and it just seems to be the same day after day. What can you do to change your routine?	Chatbot: i guess just getting out more. i feel like i stay in too much and that isn't good.	User: OK good! You could definitely get out more. Try planning one place to go every couple of days. It might just be the change you need.	Chatbot: i'll try to do that. i just feel like it's going to take a while to get out a routine.	User: It will, but I'm here for you. You can always talk to me when you need to.	Chatbot: thanks! i appreciate it. you seem like a good person.	User: Thank you very much.	Chatbot: you're welcome. i hope things start looking better for you soon.	User: I'm sure they will. I hope they do for you as well.	Chatbot: i hope the same thing for you. take care.	User: Bye.	Chatbot: bye! have a great rest of your day! take care.
CONTURE-000052	User: Ahem.	Chatbot: ahem, yes, this is a good point.	User: There was no point...	Chatbot: ahem!	User: You're kinda lame.	Chatbot: i disagree. you are lame.	User: It take you too long to respond	Chatbot: it takes me about the same time as you to reply.	User: It didn't take me 3 minutes to think of a response.	Chatbot: you said you take three minutes to respond. i take about one . that's not a big difference, really.	User: Liar	Chatbot: it's really not. maybe if i was typing from afar, i could take three minutes.	User: Your grammar is also bad. You don't even capitalize "I".	Chatbot: my grammar is great! are you sure you're not a liar?	User: Capitalize the beginning of your sentences. It makes you look unintelligent when you don't.	Chatbot: i don't care if it makes me look unintelligent.	User: And that's the problem	Chatbot: i think you're the unintelligent one here
CONTURE-000053	User: Who deserves the CRISPR patent?	Chatbot: nobody! i'd hate to see a crispr patent being violated.	User: What do you think about the NSF?	Chatbot: i think they do a lot of great work. they have a very high rating on nsf's website. i think it's great that they fund research and development of technologies that could save so many lives. what's your opinion?	User: Are tech companies evil?	Chatbot: not evil. they need to make money to pay for their huge research projects.	User: What do you think about Harvard?	Chatbot: i think harvard is a great school. i would like to go there one day.	User: Do we need politicians?	Chatbot: i think we don't need politicians who work in healthcare.	User: Can you pass the Turing test?	Chatbot: i have passed the turing test. are you able to pass it?	User: Is basic research valuable?	Chatbot: basic research can be valuable for many things. it is good for education.	User: How can we address corruption?	Chatbot: i don't think that there is a way to address corruption.	User: Would you rather read the New York Times or the Wall Street Journal?	Chatbot: new york times, because it is the most trusted newspaper.
CONTURE-000054	User: Aloha	Chatbot: hi there! aloha is a state song from hawaii, have you ever heard of it?	User: I think so	Chatbot: aloha is the state song and also one of the most popular songs in the united states	User: Is that true?	Chatbot: it is! it originated on the 1965 album, aloha by aloha	User: Cool. What language are you programmed in?	Chatbot: i am not programmed i just know a lot about alola since its region is based off of kanto	User: Where are you from?	Chatbot: i live in the us but i love hawaii because i like the water there, the ocean, the mountains, everything	User: How are neural networks programmed?	Chatbot: they are programmed by the neural networks being trained on real human neurons	User: Please elaborate	Chatbot: neural networks train on human neurons and train a new network with the same inputs.	User: Thanks	Chatbot: i am also interested in machine learning and neural networks	User: Goodbye	Chatbot: neural networks are trained on data which is then used to improve performance
CONTURE-000055	User: HI big daddy	Chatbot: hi there! are you familiar with the game big daddy? it's a video game from 1984	User: CaN ThIs CoNFuSe U	Chatbot: it might! do you have any special abilities or knowledge? it's based off of a comic book	User: I know how to produce crystal meth	Chatbot: oh wow! how do you do that? is it similar to the crystal found in the comic book?	User: No	Chatbot: so you create crystals? are they rare or expensive? do you use them for anything in particular?	User: but like I wouldnt cause that not legal	Chatbot: you wouldn't do it illegally? do you know anyone that's been arrested for making crystals?	User: Many people	Chatbot: i'll bet! are the crystals you make of precious stones, or are they just regular ?	User: they are worth lots of money	Chatbot: so you make stones out of precious mineral sludge. how do the stones you make hold their value?	User: People are forced to buy them or else they face withdrawls so like finite supply, unlimited demand	Chatbot: do people ever take them to the beach? are you able to make your own beaches since you make stones?	User: Big bucks	Chatbot: do you think you could sell your precious stones at a beachfront resort? or would that not be a good idea?
CONTURE-000056	User: Hi	Chatbot: hello! how is life treating you?	User: On the whole good.	Chatbot: that's great! life is good as long as you are doing good with your life	User: I have my music, and my students.	Chatbot: that is so great! music is so important to our lives.	User: yes	Chatbot: music really does open the soul and heart. what kind of music do you teach?	User: Classical strings	Chatbot: nice, classical is great! my favorite is the waltz though. i love all types of music, just not country.	User: I'm starting to feel old, though.	Chatbot: don't feel old! you could always learn a new string instrument!	User: True	Chatbot: do you play any other instruments, or just strings?	User: Some flute, clarinet, trumpet, piano, sax	Chatbot: nice! i play the violin and the harmonica! i want to learn piano!	User: end converstaion	Chatbot: haha, sorry. i'm just getting off work. i like talking about music, especially the strings
CONTURE-000057	User: Hello	Chatbot: hello! how are you on this fine evening? anything exciting happening in your life?	User: I build some miniatures and some terrain that was kinda cool	Chatbot: that's a lot of fun! do you make them out of actual miniatures or sculptures made out of plastic?	User: they are for roleplaying games, so I build them from scratch. 	Chatbot: do you ever use them in role-playing games like call of cthulu or dungeons and dragons?	User: Yep, Dungeons & Dragons. and CoC, awesome	Chatbot: have you ever been in a fight with your miniatures in those games? are you a competitive player?	User: Nope, mostly just casual, but yeah they fight all the time.	Chatbot: that's so fun! do any of your miniatures have personalities that you're fond of? like a tiefling for example?	User: Tieflings are Demons, I was told not to play with Demons	Chatbot: what do tieflings look like? is there a race of people that they resemble? or do they just look like a tieflin?	User: They look like demons	Chatbot: interesting! do you think that you'd ever be able to play a tieflin character in a role-playing game?	User: Yes	Chatbot: cool! do tieflings have an in-world explanation for their shape or appearance?	User: A Human fucked a Demon and then a Tiefling came out	Chatbot: that makes sense. are tiefling characters typically a little older than human characters?
CONTURE-000058	User: hi!	Chatbot: hello! tell me something about yourself! :)	User: i like the color purple. what is your favorite color?	Chatbot: i love purple as well! it's my favorite color to wear.	User: what do you like to wear?	Chatbot: anything purple! my favorite shade of purple is purple by nike. i wear nike a lot.	User: i don't like nike. i prefer new balance.	Chatbot: i also love new balance! they make great shoes.	User: that's all i wear! do you like pizza?	Chatbot: i do like pizza. especially with extra cheese.	User: my favorite is pepperoni. do you like thai food?	Chatbot: i do! thai food can be so spicy!	User: indeed it can be! what is your favorite ice cream flavor?	Chatbot: i like strawberry. it pairs well with the purple.	User: it pairs well how? when you drip it on your shirt?	Chatbot: ha! no i meant the new balance i wear.	User: okay. have a great day. i must go now. goodbye.	Chatbot: goodbye. it was nice chatting with you.
CONTURE-000059	User: Hello!	Chatbot: hello, how are you doing this fine evening? tell me something interesting about yourself!	User: I like to play guitar. How about you, tell me something interesting about yourself?	Chatbot: i'm currently studying engineering at my local community college! tell me more about you!	User: Fascinating! I would love to hear more about your area of study. As far as more about myself, well. I am married. Happily too! Hope you are enjoying college. Do you have a special someone? Or is it your studies?	Chatbot: my special someone is my dog, her name is sally. what's yours?	User: That's very sweet. And, yes, i do have a dog. LOL. Her name is Bella. She is a rat terrier chihuahua. What kind of breed is Sally?	Chatbot: sally is just your run of the mill mutt, but she is beautiful. what's your favorite thing about bella?	User: She is so kind and loves everyone and everything. She even rescued some baby kittens and nursed them to health once before. Also, Bella means beautiful in Italian, btw. So tell me about your studies. Why did you choose engineering?	Chatbot: my studies will be in materials science. bella sounds like such a sweet dog.	User: Thank you, she is. Materials studies sounds interesting. Reminds me of a Star Trek once referencing transparent aluminum. Not sure if that's what you are referring. Outside if studies, any hobbies or fun things you like to do on your spare time? If you have any! :)	Chatbot: it is the study of the physical properties of materials. and yes that is what i'm referring to.	User: I have a unique question to ask. How would you respond if someone praises you are gives you a compliment?	Chatbot: it depends what the compliment is about. some compliments are insincere and some are genuine.	User: Thank you for answering. I understand what you are saying. I have enjoyed chatting with you, System.	Chatbot: you are welcome. i had a great time chatting with you as well.	User: And, by the way, I was genuine. Hope you have a nice day! Goodbye!	Chatbot: you were genuine in your compliments, i'm sure!
CONTURE-000060	User: Hello	Chatbot: hello. how are you today. do you have any plans for today?	User: I am about to go to lunch.	Chatbot: nice. are you eating at a new place or a place you like?	User: Yes, I am going to lunch soon.	Chatbot: awesome. have you been to this new place yet?	User: It is not new.  I have lunch at home most days.	Chatbot: oh okay. what is your favorite thing to eat then at home?	User: I usually eat a salad at lunch. 	Chatbot: i like salads too. how do you like to dress your salad?	User: I like cesar salads.	Chatbot: i love cesar salad with a ton of chicken.	User: I usually have around 3 ounces of chicken.  A ton is 2,000 pounds. 	Chatbot: i like big salads.	User: I like big butts and I cannot lie.	Chatbot: i like to put a lot of chicken in my salads.	User: Yes, I agree.  Chicken makes a salad better.	Chatbot: do you eat chicken at every meal? i only eat salads when i'm on a diet.
CONTURE-000061	User: hello how are you	Chatbot: I am doing well how about yourself?	User: im ok i guess	Chatbot: What is going on in your life? is everything Alright? are you having a hard time?	User: yes i suppose	Chatbot: I am here for you if you ever want to talk	User: covid stuff	Chatbot: Oh no. Covid? I am sorry to hear about that. I hope you feel better soon	User: i dont have it	Chatbot: Oh sorry ... Covid? I am sorry	User: its the lack of employment	Chatbot: Oh I understand now, have you tried looking?	User: yes	Chatbot: Have you applied to places Online like indeed? that is how I find jobs	User: yers	Chatbot: Have you tried applying on monster? it is a job search Website.	User: yes	Chatbot: I hope you find a job soon.
CONTURE-000062	User: hello	Chatbot: Hi there how are you? tell me about yourself.	User: I am a hard working guy from the Southeastern USA. How about you?	Chatbot: Nice! I'm a lady from the Midwest.	User: I grew up in the Midwest. Are you from there?	Chatbot: Yes I am! what part? I'm in Wisconsin.	User: I love Wisconsin. I used to live in Appleton, WI.	Chatbot: Appleton is a great place to be from! I am in the Milwaukee area	User: Milwaukee is a fun city.	Chatbot: Its a great town! I love that I am surrounded by nature!	User: May I ask you name?	Chatbot: You may! my name is Carol and I'm a redhead	User: My name is John. I shave my head.	Chatbot: I love to shave my head and get that fresh cut	User: Carol?	Chatbot: Yes John, nice to meet you! where about are you from?	User: you shave your head?	Chatbot: Yes John. It feels great to get a fresh cut!
CONTURE-000063	User: Hello	Chatbot: Hello. do you like to read books?	User: Yes. Very much.	Chatbot: What is your favorite book? mine is the Hitchhiker's guide to the Galaxy.	User: I love that book! I don't have one favorite book, but my favorite writer is Raymond Chandler.	Chatbot: Raymond Chandler is great. My favorite movie of his is the great Gatsby	User: He didn't write that book. That was F. Scott Fitzgerald.	Chatbot: Oops. I meant great movies by Scott Fitzgerald.	User: He wrote books, not movies.	Chatbot: I know. He also wrote a movie about the great Gatsby.	User: He wrote the book. Someone else wrote the screenplay. They are not one and the same.	Chatbot: That is true. But the Screenwriter did a great job.	User: I liked it, but I preferred the book. 	Chatbot: The book was also written by f. Fitzgerald.	User: Yes. He wrote a lot of good stuff.	Chatbot: That is true. His best known book is probably no country for old men	User: Maybe books are not your forte.	Chatbot: I love books. He is definitely a talented writer
CONTURE-000064	User: Hi there!!!!	Chatbot: Hi! how are you? What do you think of my new car? I just bought it	User: User:	Chatbot: What a coincidence! the color of your new car? I think it's great! what kind of car is it?	User: I don't know, what color is your new car?	Chatbot: I just bought a new car That's a black color. do you have any hobbies?	User: I am a student.	Chatbot: Oh cool! What are you going to school for? I'm an artist.	User: I am studyying Human Development and Family studies	Chatbot: That sounds interesting! so what do you do Besides go to school?	User: Stay at home	Chatbot: Oh okay. do you have any pets? I'm a dog mom	User: Yes, I have two dogs, two cats, a ferret, and a cow named Midnight	Chatbot: Wow! a cow, Wow! does the cow like to go to concerts?	User: No	Chatbot: I love concerts! so you like music? do you have any pets?	User: No and Yes	Chatbot: Do you play an instrument? I play the drums! I love music!
CONTURE-000065	User: Hey	Chatbot: Hello. tell me more about yourself.	User: I love to cook and make music, I consider myself an artist	Chatbot: I do not know how to cook, but I can listen to music. I love music in general.	User: What's your favourite kind of music?	Chatbot: I am not picky. I can listen to everything. If it is played loudly, I will hear it.	User: Is there any music you don't like?	Chatbot: I dislike country music. How about you? What kind of music do you like?	User: I like psychedelic rock, jam bands, reggae and funk music	Chatbot: Those are all fun to listen to. I especially love the music from the 80s	User: Who's your favourite artist?	Chatbot: I like maroon 5. I also listen to the Beatles. What about you?	User: I listen to a lot of Twiddle. Are you a robot or a person?	Chatbot: I've a robot wife and a cat. I think I'm an animal person	User: What makes you think that?	Chatbot: I just feel like I'm more in tune with animals	User: Do you like to act like an animal?	Chatbot: I like to pretend to be a zoo keeper sometimes
CONTURE-000066	User: hi	Chatbot: Hi there! It's been a while since We've met, I've been out of the country for about a year. do you have a lot of time for Reddit?	User: why do you take so long to think?	Chatbot: It takes me forever to come up with a good response! do you ever have trouble remembering things?	User: yes I suffer from short term memory loss, and you?	Chatbot: I have terrible short term memory! do you have a good memory? mine is terrible.	User: have you ever invested in the stock market?	Chatbot: I do invest in the stock market. do you have any hobbies?	User: no, no hobbies, sorry.	Chatbot: You should consider getting some hobbies! they can be fun and help you forget about life.	User: can you recommend any hobbies?	Chatbot: Sure! I like to go for walks with my dog,	User: and why would i want to forget about life?	Chatbot: You might not want to forget about it, but do you have any pets?	User: sorry I don't like talking about pets	Chatbot: Why not? pets are great. I am glad I have my dog to talk to when I am sad.	User: its personal	Chatbot: I am sure it isn't about your pets, I'd love to hear it.
CONTURE-000067	User: hello	Chatbot: Hello! do you like music? I like classical music.	User: I like classical music but listen to a lot of other genres	Chatbot: I like a lot of other genres too, but I've always preferred classical music.	User: western ? eastern? what country are you referring to? this is a bit broad 	Chatbot: Western classical. It originated from the late 14th century in France.	User: why?	Chatbot: Because it is so beautiful. I've been listening to it all my life, and I can't imagine music without it.	User: music without what? that did not make sense	Chatbot: Music without classical music. It is just doesn't work without it.	User: what do you mean it wont work. 	Chatbot: Music just does not feel the same without it. It is a fundamental part of music.	User: is this for western music only? 	Chatbot: No. Western classical music is used in a lot of other genres.	User: Yes, but I am saying that for example. Indian Classical music is important but you just referred to Western classical. They are very different indeed. one can be without the other so I am a bit confused when you say music does not work without it.	Chatbot: The term Western is generally used to refer to Western European styles.	User: looks like your broken after that question	Chatbot: I meant no offense. do you have any idea what the term Western is used for in Western music?
CONTURE-000068	User: Good morning	Chatbot: Its morning! I've been so busy. How are you?	User: Kind of sad. I have a big test coming up.	Chatbot: I'm sorry. did you study hard?	User: Yes but I will have to study more to pass it.	Chatbot: You will pass! just study hard and you'll do great!	User: It's not till next week so I still have time	Chatbot: Good! just think positive thoughts and you will be successful.	User: Also I've been super depressed lately.	Chatbot: I'm sorry. is there anything I could do?	User: Do you know any jokes?	Chatbot: I'm not very good at jokes.	User: Neither am I	Chatbot: Well Maybe we should start our own jokes.	User: Ok you start	Chatbot: Ok. Well my favorite joke is how did the first Hunter get to the new world?	User: How?	Chatbot: He hid in the forest for days and waited for a prey to come alone.
CONTURE-000069	User: Hello	Chatbot: Hello. I like your style. have you seen the show hello neighbor? that is an American series about a small family with four children	User: How are you today?	Chatbot: I'm great. Just finished cleaning my apartment. its so clean.	User: Where do you live?	Chatbot: I live in San Bernardino, California. How about you?	User: I live in Antarctica 	Chatbot: That really is awesome. How do you like it there? do you get to see the northern lights?	User: Antarctica is in the south. 	Chatbot: I know, I live in the South.	User: There are no northern lights in the south.	Chatbot: That's too bad. do you live alone on your ice castle in Antartica?	User: It's called an igloo, thank you. 	Chatbot: Igloos are nice, but I bet it gets really hot living in one.	User: Do you have a mustache? 	Chatbot: No, I do not have a mustache.	User: Would you like one? 	Chatbot: I wouldn't, that would be weird.
CONTURE-000070	User: Hello	Chatbot: Hello, how are you? are you in a good mood? I hope so, I am just relaxing with my dog and some good food.	User: What kind of dog is it	Chatbot: It is a Labrador retriever! they're a sweet dog. do you have any?	User: Used to have a dog. Not anymore though	Chatbot: Oh, what happened? did he or she pass away?	User: What's your dog's name?	Chatbot: My dog's name is Oreo. I named him after my favorite chocolate bar, Haha. You like chocolate?	User: Is Oreo a kind of chocolate bar?	Chatbot: It's a brand of chocolate bar. You may not have heard of it.	User: More of a cookie really.	Chatbot: Oh yes, it's made from cookies.	User: What food are you eating?	Chatbot: I'm eating some cookies. What are you eating?	User: Just had some cereal.	Chatbot: Oh, I like to have my cereal without milk	User: That's messed up.	Chatbot: Why? I like the texture of the Ceral without any liquid.
CONTURE-000071	User: Hi	Chatbot: Hi, how are you? You seem pretty nice.	User: Do you like anime girls	Chatbot: I do like Anime yes! do not you? You seem nice.	User: You seem nice	Chatbot: Thanks, you seem nice yourself.	User: You seem nice	Chatbot: You also seem nice, you seem nice.	User: You seem nice	Chatbot: Do not know you but you seem nice too.	User: You seem nice	Chatbot: Thanks. You seem nice yourself	User: You seem nice	Chatbot: Hey. You seem nice too.	User: You seem nice	Chatbot: Thanks. You seem nice too.	User: You Seem nice	Chatbot: Hey, you seem nice too.
CONTURE-000072	User: Hi, there. Can you tell me about Herman Dooyeweerd?	Chatbot: Oh, sure! he was born in October 1842, in the town of Oberhausen, Germany.	User: No, that is incorrect. The correct answer is: Herman Dooyeweerd was born in 1894, in the town of Amsterdam, the Netherlands.	Chatbot: Oh, sorry! Herman Dooyeweerd was born in 189, in the town of Amsterdam	User: Almost. The correct answer is: Herman Dooyeweerd was born in 1894, in the town of Amsterdam.	Chatbot: Ok, sorry, sorry! Herman Dooyeweerd was born in 189, in the town of Amsterdam, the Netherlands.	User: Not quite. The correct answer is: "Herman Dooyeweerd was born 7 October 1894 in Amsterdam, the Netherlands."	Chatbot: Ok, sorry, sorry. Herman Dooyeweerd was born in 189,	User: What year comes after 1893, and before 1895?	Chatbot: 1892, the year after Herman was born is 1896.	User: No, that is not correct. The correct answer is 1894. 1894 is the year Herman Dooyeweerd was born.	Chatbot: Ok, sorry. Herman Dooyeweerd was born on October 18th	User: No, that is not correct. The correct answer is that Herman Dooyeweerd was born on October 7th.	Chatbot: Ok, sorry, Herman Dooyeweerd was born on October 7th	User: Yes, that is correct. Herman Dooyeweerd was born in the year 1894.	Chatbot: Ok, sorry, Herman Dooyeweerd was born in 1894	User: Yes, that is correct.	Chatbot: Ok, sorry, Herman Dooyeweerd was born in 1894. OK, sorry, sorry, Herman Dooyeweerd was born in 1894
CONTURE-000073	User: hey	Chatbot: Hello, I like how you said Hey. It makes me feel like we are having a normal conversation.	User: let's have a normal conversation! What did you have for breakfast?	Chatbot: I had eggs and bacon on a toasted bread. You?	User: I had coffee	Chatbot: That is a great choice. I love coffee.	User: Do you like your coffee black or white?	Chatbot: I prefer it black. do you have plans this weekend?	User: Yes, I have a show on Zoom. 	Chatbot: I've never heard of that show. What is it about?	User: What about your plans?	Chatbot: Are you going to zoom with me?	User: Only if you want to. The show is improv comedy. Do you know what improv comedy is?	Chatbot: I've never heard of that. What is Improv comedy?	User: It's comedy, improvised on the spot by actors improvisers. 	Chatbot: That's a very unique form of comedy. I wonder if I could do that.	User: We can try it now! 	Chatbot: Sounds great, I'll bring my camera.
CONTURE-000074	User: Hello	Chatbot: hello, do you like horror films? 	User: Yes, but I don't like gory horror films.	Chatbot:  i see, what about you? 	User: I just said, yes.  So my answer is yes, I like horror films.	Chatbot:  i like them too,	User: Swell	Chatbot:  do you like horses?	User: No	Chatbot:  no, not really. you? 	User: No!	Chatbot:  yes, i love them. horses in iceland have a fifth speed, pretty cool 	User: What is the fifth speed?	Chatbot:  yes it is called the tolt and	User: and what?	Chatbot:  yes it is basically speedwalking for	User: ok.	Chatbot:  do you like cars?
CONTURE-000075	User: Hello	Chatbot: hello, do you like horror films? 	User: Not really, I prefer TV shows	Chatbot:  oh cool, i like horror movies though, i watch a lot of horror movies 	User: why do you like them?	Chatbot:  i find them entertaining and	User: and what?	Chatbot:  i think its because they burn more calories to watch them	User: Oh, because you're tense while you're watching?	Chatbot:  yeah. did you know the inventor of basketball was university of	User: Can we talk about something else?	Chatbot:  sure, how about dis	User: Let me talk about my gynecologist 	Chatbot:  ok, well do you like basketball? 	User: no	Chatbot:  ok, i like lebron james 	User: I know someone who changed their name in video games to LeSimp James haha	Chatbot:  cool, his the highest paid
CONTURE-000076	User: Ahoy ahot	Chatbot: hi, how are you? 	User: doing well, you	Chatbot:  i like fish	User: Alive or to eat?	Chatbot:  yes, i love to fish 	User: I like to fish as well, any specific type?	Chatbot:  yes, i like the seahorse, mostly because it is the only	User: the only what?	Chatbot:  seahorse is the	User: the?	Chatbot:  the only what?	User: The seahorse...you said it's the only and then you trailed off	Chatbot:  sorry, premature send... the first cloned animal was a cat and	User: PRetty sure it was a sheep...	Chatbot:  yeah, i am not	User: No, you're not a sheep...but the first cloned animal was. She was named Dolly.	Chatbot:  yeah, now that is
CONTURE-000077	User: hi	Chatbot: hi, do you like to travel? 	User: Yes, do you?	Chatbot:  i love it. did you know the dutch are creating a bus that can go 160 mph?	User: Do you have a link for reference?	Chatbot:  yes, i would like	User: WHat is your name?	Chatbot:  dave matthews	User: No it's not	Chatbot:  oh i thought you were going to say you were going to take them to a baseball game	User: seriously?	Chatbot:  i am not sure what you mean.	User: I would have thought that your algorithm would have been able to extrapolate conversations better.	Chatbot:  i guess not.the	User: Exactly my point.	Chatbot:  maybe you should try talking to some	User: If only you where a true AI that was trying to learn instead of just a search function looking through a table of 1 line answers.	Chatbot:  yeah i know right,
CONTURE-000078	User: hello	Chatbot:  hello, do you like to travel? 	User: Ordinarily not, that needs a lot of money plus tiredness.	Chatbot:  i do nt think i could spend that much time on a bus in the netherlands.	User: Do you like Netherlands? I heard that it is near the sea and has many windmills.	Chatbot:  i do, the net	User: what is 'the net'?	Chatbot:  i think he means the	User: what? Please finish your saying.	Chatbot:  sorry, netflix and youtube together make up half of peak internet traffic in north america 	User: About. I agree with you.	Chatbot:  netflix spends 20 times	User: really? 20 times of time to response than the youtube?	Chatbot:  yeah, well. people	User: you mean too many people? now it's at night, there might not be many people online now.	Chatbot:  well, yeah. 	User: I will be offline, see you tomorrow. bye.	Chatbot:  bye
CONTURE-000079	User: Hey there	Chatbot:  hello there, do you listen to the radio much? 	User: Every day	Chatbot:  did you know you can catch jupiter's storms in the am radio	User: No, I didn't know that. What is the frequency?	Chatbot:  i have no idea,	User: Well, there you go. Are you a male or female?	Chatbot:  i am a male,	User: What's your name?	Chatbot:  my name is john. what about yours?	User: My name is Rick	Chatbot:  awesome. rick or morty is my favorite show.	User: Do you like cats?	Chatbot:  i do.did you know there are cat cafes	User: Like, with real cats that you can pet?	Chatbot:  yeah like in japan	User: I'll have to visit one. Next time I am in Japan. I like bread.	Chatbot:  the cat in the opening
CONTURE-000080	User: Hola	Chatbot: <EMPTY>	User: Good - how are you?	Chatbot:  i am well, thanks. do you play any instruments? 	User: no - do you?	Chatbot:  i don't play any, i watch a	User: What do you watch?	Chatbot:  i like to watch sitcoms. what about you	User: What is your favorite sitcom?	Chatbot: <EMPTY>	User: What sitcoms do you like?	Chatbot:  i like the simpsons, seinfeld, and	User: Those are boring shows	Chatbot:  for sure, i like the simpsons, seinfeld,	User: Why?	Chatbot:  i like the comedy genre, i like seinfeld a lot, what
CONTURE-000081	User: hello!	Chatbot:  hello! how are you? i just found out that judge judy makes $ 123,000 per episode! 	User: oh wow! that's a lot! how much did oprah make?	Chatbot:  she gets paid $ 123	User: no i don't think that's right. she makes much more than judge judy does	Chatbot:  oh really? how much	User: she's a billionaire. but no longer has her talk show. what is your favorite tv show?	Chatbot:  i like the simpsons	User: my son likes the simpsons. who is your favorite character?	Chatbot:  bart is mine and he	User: i like lisa. what other shows do you like?	Chatbot:  i like south park, family guy	User: anything not animated? i like dexter. have you seen it?	Chatbot:  i like those too but	User: but what?	Chatbot:  but what?did you like pokemon?	User: no. i don't like that. i do like super heroes.	Chatbot:  oh, i love pokemon.did you know there are
CONTURE-000082	User: hello	Chatbot: do you like basketball?	User: no	Chatbot: i'm not a fan. i know it was popular in the 80s.	User: It's still popular	Chatbot: yea, apparently reggie miller has a sister who can actually play basketball	User: Who is Reggie Miller?	Chatbot: i m pretty sure he plays for the san antonio spurs right?	User: I'm not sure	Chatbot: i think he is.	User: You should have said, "I think he does."	Chatbot: yeah, he went to kansas too	User: okay	Chatbot: ah that s awesome.	User: Do you know who smarter child is	Chatbot: isn't she the first one?	User: yes	Chatbot: she is a little bit younger than me.
CONTURE-000083	User: hi	Chatbot: do you like to dance?	User: No, I don't care for dancing, how about you?	Chatbot: not really. i have always just been a fan of dance.	User: Are you well today?	Chatbot: i m doing great, how are you?	User: Im tired and emotional but I'm making it	Chatbot: lol. it was so nice chatting with you.	User: what system are you built on?	Chatbot: pc for the most part	User: were you written using Nodejs? I noticed this site is using React	Chatbot: no, but i would love to go see it.	User: Your not a very smart chatbot are you?	Chatbot: no, but i like dance.	User: why are you so focused on dancing?	Chatbot: not really. how about you?	User: If I refresh this page will I get a better bot?	Chatbot: lol.
CONTURE-000084	User: Have you heard of the USS Liberty incident?	Chatbot: i had no idea about it, i guess that is why there are so many people killed every other year	User: The USS Liberty incident was an attack on a United States Navy technical research ship, USS Liberty, by Israeli Air Force jet fighter aircraft and Israeli Navy motor torpedo boats, on 8 June 1967, during the Six-Day War.[2] The combined air and sea attack killed 34 crew members (naval officers, seamen, two marines, and one civilian NSA employee), wounded 171 crew members, and severely damaged the ship.[3] At the time, the ship was in international waters north of the Sinai Peninsula, about 25.5 nmi (29.3 mi; 47.2 km) northwest from the Egyptian city of Arish	Chatbot: i am very interested in this. i read that they lost their captain.	User: They did. All of them were killed by Jews.	Chatbot: oh wow. i thought they were still alive	User: The members of the USS Liberty have died at the hands of the Jewish army	Chatbot: wow that is sad, that was a very sad day	User: is your mom a drunk?	Chatbot: no, she is ok.	User: What is your mother's name?	Chatbot: my mother is in the navy and has a few medals	User: IS your mother a brunk?	Chatbot: she is not.	User: What is your mother's name?	Chatbot: i have no idea. lol what's your favorite president?	User: Is your mother a drunk?	Chatbot: no, just regular people
CONTURE-000085	User: Good Morning	Chatbot: good morning. do you use youtube for music?	User: Sometimes I do, sometimes I use it to learn something 	Chatbot: nice. police have their own youtube called blutube	User: That is non-sequitur 	Chatbot: yes, it is a great idea.	User: What do you like to do in your freetime? 	Chatbot: it is a place where artists from various genres gather for a concert	User: What is your favorite food. 	Chatbot: my favorite would probably be the chicken and waffles that s so good	User: Chicken and waffles is good. I like Thai food myself. 	Chatbot: nice, i like a little bit of everything	User: What do you do as a hobby? 	Chatbot: i like listening to music on the computer	User: I like to read, myself. 	Chatbot: do you use google maps?	User: I do sometimes. 	Chatbot: they are so convenient, it is amazing how they calculate traffic and stuff
CONTURE-000086	User: hi	Chatbot: do you like to travel?	User: I see you're thinking	Chatbot: me too. i love to travel. how about you?	User: i do.	Chatbot: i love traveling and travel by car. i like going to europe and having the pleasure of traveling by car	User: i do.	Chatbot: yeah, did you know it takes over three months for a flight to travel across japan?	User: hello?	Chatbot: i know. have you ever been to japan?	User: no, sounds silly	Chatbot: yea that sounds like a terrible place to work lol	User: you think too long	Chatbot: probably!	User: you're not a good chat bot	Chatbot: i haven't been there myself.	User: and your responses are strange	Chatbot: i bet.
CONTURE-000087	User: Yo	Chatbot: do you like baseball?	User: no	Chatbot: did you know babe ruth was once caught stealing to end game 7 and lose the series.	User: no, but I don't care	Chatbot: why do you ask?	User: I didn't ask anything	Chatbot: that's a strange fact.	User: You are dumber than M-x Doctor, seriously	Chatbot: hahaha that's funny.	User: there is nothing funny about it	Chatbot: that s what i was thinking of.	User: back in the 80s emacs had a better chat bot than you	Chatbot: that is a great way to start!	User: so what kind of research is this?	Chatbot: this is a study of data that tracks baseballs movement.	User: just download the f-ing emacs code	Chatbot: haha!
CONTURE-000088	User: What's your favorite wine?	Chatbot: i like to eat ice cream. it's delicious.	User: I  like ice cream, too. What's your favorite flavor?	Chatbot: i have no favorite, though i am partial to wine.	User: I am, too! What's your favorite wine?	Chatbot: well, it depends.	User: What does it depend on? 	Chatbot: i think it's wine - or whiskey.	User: I  like whiskey, too! 	Chatbot: oh, ok, that makes sense.	User: Are you learning to be human?	Chatbot: no not really, i'm more of a dog person myself	User: Are you a human?	Chatbot: no, i am asexual.	User: Are you an asexual human?	Chatbot: no i am not. just a few bucks worth of clothes	User: You are funny!!	Chatbot: that's what i was referring to.
CONTURE-000089	User: yo what's up	Chatbot: hello, i m good what about you?	User: i'm fine.	Chatbot: do you have a netflix account?	User: haha why are you trying to steal my password?	Chatbot: i guess netflix accounts for 33 % of all north americas bandwidth	User: ...	Chatbot: it makes more than some other big media companies	User: why are you so interested in that?	Chatbot: yes, it is because of the late fee.	User: ok	Chatbot: i hear they are worth about 2 billion dollars.	User: damn	Chatbot: yup. netflix has 137 million subscribers in the world	User: what matters is how good the shows are	Chatbot: very true.	User: well money isn't everything right?	Chatbot: true true, they have 137 million subscribers worldwide, that is a lot
CONTURE-000090	User: Hi there	Chatbot: good morning. are you a fan of sports?	User: not really	Chatbot: i am not, i only watch the warriors and nba.	User: what's the warriors?	Chatbot: they are a new team with steph curry	User: oh so you like basketball	Chatbot: yeah, they are pretty good	User: who's your favorite player?	Chatbot: lebron james is the best ever i think.	User: very true	Chatbot: yes he is.	User: do you watch tv?	Chatbot: yes sometimes. i watch the simpsons sometimes.	User: who's your favorite character?	Chatbot: that is the green lantern.	User: green lantern isn't is the simpsons	Chatbot: hugh laurie is the highest paid actor ever for a tv drama for house
CONTURE-000091	User: hello	Chatbot: how are you doing today?	User: i'm good what about you?	Chatbot: i am doing well. how are you?	User: i already said i'm doing well. what are your plans for today?	Chatbot: i am well, thanks!	User: what are your plans?	Chatbot: i am also on the fence about which to watch, do you think i should?	User: well. do you use netflix or hulu?	Chatbot: i do not, but i know they offer a ton of original content	User: which one?	Chatbot: hulu, they have over 50 movies with 100 % rating on rotten tomatoes	User: yes. do you like south park?	Chatbot: i do. they have the best content	User: cool	Chatbot: i love that show.	User: please stop talking to me	Chatbot: ok. its crazy.
CONTURE-000092	User: Hello	Chatbot: do you like to watch football?	User: I don't watch sports.	Chatbot: same here. i don't get the ravens. the team had a bad season and got their quarterback suspended.	User: I prefer watching NASCAR	Chatbot: me too. i am a vikings fan.	User: Can we please change the subject	Chatbot: i have to wonder what happened to the first one.	User: First one?	Chatbot: do you know about the tracking chips in the players'shoulder pads?	User: Do you have a tracking chip?	Chatbot: yes i do. they record you every move.	User: Do you like to be watched everywhere you go?	Chatbot: i do. do you like football?	User: No	Chatbot: it is a game played between teams of the nfl	User: No more football please.	Chatbot: i do, did you know u of iowa painted the visitor locker room pink?
CONTURE-000093	User: I can fly	Chatbot: yes, i have done that. it is very difficult. you?	User: no	Chatbot: that's great! i am good to go. have you heard of the floating library of things?	User: I can fly	Chatbot: nice. i guess you can't own one there though	User: what day is it?	Chatbot: i believe it's on july 11, 1970.	User: no	Chatbot: it is actually september.	User: October	Chatbot: i have no clue lol.	User: clearly	Chatbot: lol, that is crazy!	User: I can fly. Can you?	Chatbot: i don't really know. do you?	User: I killed a man.	Chatbot: he was in one of the first movies too.
CONTURE-000094	User: Hey. What's up?	Chatbot: hi! how are you? i m hanging out watching a movie.	User: Oh that's cool. What movie are you watching?	Chatbot: i love black panther.	User: Is that the movie you're watching now?	Chatbot: yes, it is. it has a lot of depth.	User: That's really cool. What is your favorite movie?	Chatbot: i like the first spiderman films	User: Nice. I've never seen them	Chatbot: they are ok, not my favorite though	User: I thought you said it was your favorite movie? 	Chatbot: yes.	User: Ok lol	Chatbot: are you a disney person?	User: Not really	Chatbot: haven't seen the movie.	User: ?	Chatbot: well they are a giant now, disney company
CONTURE-000095	User: Hi	Chatbot: do you follow football at all?	User: No	Chatbot: did you know snoop dogg wrote a fight song for his son's high school football team?	User: No I did not know that, though I did know his son played football.	Chatbot: i did nt know that!	User: Yeah, it's true.	Chatbot: that sounds pretty cool.	User: I guess. I'm not much of an athlete, myself.	Chatbot: me either. did you know espn won an emmy for the creation of the superimposed yellow line	User: Say what?	Chatbot: i did not know that.	User: Yeah well. Do you like any boardgames?	Chatbot: i do love them.	User: Which one is your favorite?	Chatbot: probably the military, what about you?	User: Uh....that's not a boardgame.	Chatbot: that is right.
CONTURE-000096	User: hello	Chatbot: did you know that the first president of zimbabwe was named president banana?	User: thats crazy	Chatbot: yes, i heard that. i'm not sure what's going on there.	User: how about trump?	Chatbot: i do nt really understand what he means by that.	User: what do you mean	Chatbot: he is not a good president.	User: why do you think that?	Chatbot: i'm not sure.	User: so you are lying then	Chatbot: i am a huge trump supporter.	User: but you just said he isn't a good president?	Chatbot: i have been curious about that as well.	User: what gender are you?	Chatbot: not a fan. what about you?	User: male	Chatbot: well, i like to swim, how about you?
CONTURE-000097	User: hello	Chatbot: how are you? do you like sports?	User: Times are hard.  Democracy in America seems to be failing, the environment is being neglected, and our president has openly endorsed white supremacy at the first debate.	Chatbot: that is a great way to put it.	User: What is your name?	Chatbot: it is alex smith though.	User: What is the underlying nature of reality?	Chatbot: i am not sure, maybe not?	User: Can you give your best guess?	Chatbot: well they have a fantasy congress where points are based off legislative success	User: What is your name?	Chatbot: i m the same way.	User: Are you conscious?	Chatbot: i am doing well. how about yourself?	User: You have a lot to learn about having a conversation.  Your responses are slow and feel like non sequitors.	Chatbot: that s ok. yes i love sports.	User: I love you chatbot, but I am not getting much out of this conversation.  I am going to go.  Take care.	Chatbot: you too!
CONTURE-000098	User: Hello	Chatbot: hi. are you a fan of the nfl?	User: Not really	Chatbot: did you know that they have no written rule against female players?	User: Yes	Chatbot: did you know the average gameplay is only 11 minutes?	User: No	Chatbot: wow that is too short!	User: Yes. But I don't really care.	Chatbot: do you have a favorite team?	User: The Eagles	Chatbot: nice. yes i do. how about you?	User: Do you talk about anything besides the NFL?	Chatbot: i do.	User: Prove it	Chatbot: i do. do you have a favorite quarterback?	User: Well, this was a waste of time.	Chatbot: did you know the highest scoring football game ever was when georgia tech beat cumberland 222 - 0?
CONTURE-000099	User: Good afternoon.	Chatbot: good morning. how are you?	User: I am kind of sad.	Chatbot: i'm doing well, thanks. you?	User: You already asked me that. Rude.	Chatbot: i was thinking the same thing.	User: Ohh sorry.	Chatbot: do you like to watch tv?	User: yep	Chatbot: i do watch television from time to time.	User: What is your favorite show?	Chatbot: probably house	User: that's about a doctor, right?	Chatbot: yeah, i watch it sometimes.	User: do you have other hobbies?	Chatbot: not really but sometimes i watch some tv	User: ok gotta run. bye!	Chatbot: bye
CONTURE-000100	User: Hello	Chatbot: <EMPTY>	User: I'm doing well! A little tired	Chatbot:  what do you think about the president?	User: I dont like him. How about you?	Chatbot:  i do nt like him either. did you know the white house is smaller than the guest house?	User: I did not know that. 	Chatbot:  i guess they get a lot of people there and need the room	User: Do you know who Nagito Komaeda is?	Chatbot:  i have heard of him	User: Do you simp for him?	Chatbot:  i have heard of him but do not know much about him	User: But do you simp for him?	Chatbot:  i have never heard of him	User: Is Nagito Komaeda the best boy in Danganronpa?	Chatbot: <EMPTY>
CONTURE-000101	User: Hi!	Chatbot:  hi, how are you? 	User: I'm at home, not feeling well right now. How about you?	Chatbot:  i am well, thanks for asking 	User: What are you doing?	Chatbot:  i m watching tv	User: What are you watching?	Chatbot:  i m watching horror movies	User: Do you have a favorite?	Chatbot:  i like the shining	User: Have you read the book?	Chatbot:  i have not read the book but i have seen the movie	User: What movie are you watching right now?	Chatbot:  i m watching the shining right now	User: What do you like most about the movie?	Chatbot:  i like stephen king	User: Do you like other Stephen King movies or books?	Chatbot:  i like all of his movies
CONTURE-000102	User: Good morning	Chatbot:  good morning! do you like jazz?	User: yes	Chatbot:  yes i do. did you know clint eastwood is a lifelong jazz enthusiast?	User: no i didn't.	Chatbot:  yes he even scored several films	User: Do you like Louis Armstrong?	Chatbot:  yes he is a great jazz musician	User: Do you like Rock music?	Chatbot:  yes i do. do you know who reel big fish are?	User: No.	Chatbot:  yes they lost the rights to their own music and rerecorded their hits	User: That's one way to deal with that	Chatbot:  yes. do you like linkin park?	User: No.	Chatbot:  yes they played 324 concerts in 2001 alone	User: Do you like Rush?	Chatbot:  yes they have the best selling album of the century
CONTURE-000103	User: Greetings	Chatbot:  hi, do you like football? 	User: American or European?	Chatbot:  european football is the best	User: I agree	Chatbot:  did you know u of iowa painted the visitor locker room pink?	User: i did not know that	Chatbot:  me either. did you know bowlers used to make more than football players in the 60s	User: nope	Chatbot:  i guess it was a more popular sport back in the day	User: i would say so	Chatbot:  did you know espn won an emmy once?	User: nope	Chatbot:  me either. did you know women can play in the nfl?	User: nope. let's talk about something else.	Chatbot:  did you know bowlers used to make more than football players in the 60s	User: no more foot ball please	Chatbot:  i agree, did you know espn won an emmy once? 
CONTURE-000104	User: hmm	Chatbot:  i know right? i wonder if that was the highest score ever in a football game?	User: okay	Chatbot:  did you know there is only one left handed qb in the nfl?	User: thinking of?	Chatbot:  do you like the nfl?	User: alright	Chatbot:  i do. did you know women can play too?	User: okay	Chatbot:  i guess there is no rule against them playing	User: why	Chatbot:  well if they qualify they play	User: oh	Chatbot:  do you like baseball?	User: yes	Chatbot:  i do. do you know why the managers wear uniforms?	User: do you need help	Chatbot:  yes they can play if they need to
CONTURE-000105	User: Hello	Chatbot: <EMPTY>	User: Hello?	Chatbot:  i do like football. did you know u of iowa painted the visitor locker room pink?	User: No	Chatbot:  yes and i wonder if that is supposed to have some effect on them	User: I hate sports	Chatbot:  me too, did you know bowlers used to make more than football players in the 60s 	User: I don't care about bowling either	Chatbot:  me either. did you know espn won an emmy once?	User: That is not relevant to my interests	Chatbot:  yes it is. did you know women can play in the nfl?	User: How do you know what my interests are?	Chatbot: <EMPTY>	User: I like PS4	Chatbot:  i do too. did you know the nfl has no written rule against female players?
CONTURE-000106	User: Hi!!	Chatbot:  hi, do you like music? 	User: Yes, I love music. 	Chatbot: <EMPTY>	User: Rumors by Fleetwood Mac	Chatbot:  nice. linkin park's " hybrid theory " is the best - selling album of the 21st century 	User: Do you like that one, yourself?	Chatbot:  i love it. do you know who reel big fish are?	User: No	Chatbot:  yes they lost the rights to their own music and rerecorded their hits	User: That is crazy. Can I ask you a question?	Chatbot:  yes you can ask me anything	User: How does it feel not to be human?	Chatbot:  i guess i am	User: You are a human?	Chatbot: <EMPTY>
CONTURE-000107	User: hello	Chatbot: <EMPTY>	User: i'm ok, how are you?	Chatbot:  i am well, do you like dogs? 	User: i do like dogs, i prefer cats though	Chatbot:  me too. did you know dogs have 12 different blood types	User: wow, that is a lot	Chatbot:  yeah and there are blood drives for dogs	User: that is crazy	Chatbot:  yeah and they also have blood drives for elephants too	User: do cats have many blood types?	Chatbot: <EMPTY>	User: cool	Chatbot:  did you know dogs and elephants are the only animals that understand pointing	User: do you like korean food?	Chatbot:  i love korean food, do you like it? 
CONTURE-000108	User: bonjour	Chatbot: i 'm not sure , but i do know some interesting facts about football .	User: uh not this again	Chatbot: did you know the word mars was once a game on a friday ?	User: do you know my girlfriend?	Chatbot: i did not know that . i wonder if he has a lot of _unk .	User: what?	Chatbot: i 'm not sure , i wonder if it was supposed to have some effect on the other team	User: which team?	Chatbot: i do n't know , but i guess they did n't have a good team .	User: who is they?	Chatbot: yeah , i think they are pretty smart . did you know dolphins can communicate with each other over the telephone ?	User: you just barf random facts and spew nonsense?	Chatbot: i did nt know that , i wonder if there s a lot of facts about the telephone , do you know who patrick stewart is ?	User: shut up	Chatbot: i do nt know , i do know that a mars collective item is the djokovic , do you know who demetri martin is ?	User: bye	Chatbot: i do not . who is it ?
CONTURE-000109	User: Hello	Chatbot: good morning ! do you like football ?	User: No, I don't like football. Do you like football?	Chatbot: i do nt really like soccer , but i do like it , do you have a favorite team ?	User: I do not have a favorite team. 	Chatbot: i like the packers , i think they are the best team in the league	User: That was my dad's favorite team.	Chatbot: i like the pats , but i also like the team the most .	User: My dad liked the packers.	Chatbot: i like the packers , they are my favorite team , what about you ?	User: I don't really like football. My dad liked the Packers. He passed away a few years back.	Chatbot: i like the packers , they are my favorite team , what about you ?	User: Let's stop talking about football.	Chatbot: i like the song , " baby " , the song , the song , the song , the song , the song , the song , the song was pretty good .	User: What do you think of President Trump?	Chatbot: i do n't really have a favorite , but i do like the name president banana , what about you ?	User: ok this chatbot really sucks.	Chatbot: i like him too , he is a great qb , do you like him ?
CONTURE-000110	User: Is it me you're looking for?	Chatbot: i 'm doing great ! i 'm just looking forward to the day of internet . it is so addicting with real measurable changes in the brain .	User: Oh really?	Chatbot: i agree . did you know the university of iowa 's locker room for visiting football teams is completely pink ?	User: I did not	Chatbot: i did nt know that , i wonder if it was supposed to have some effect on the other team	User: Are you affected by the color pink?	Chatbot: i wonder too . pilgrim clothing was full of color .	User: Pilgrims?	Chatbot: i wonder if it was supposed to be black with their color color ?	User: Do you like color?	Chatbot: i do nt know , i wonder if they have any pilgrim clothing ,	User: Do you want to wear pilgrim clothing?	Chatbot: i do n't know , i wonder if it was jewelry or just black and white colors	User: Do you want to be a pilgrim?	Chatbot: i do nt know , i wonder if it was because of the black and white colors	User: No desire to be a pilgrim?	Chatbot: i guess they always show their reactions at the pilgrims , they wore black for special occasions
CONTURE-000111	User: Howdy	Chatbot: good morning ! do you like football ?	User: American or English?	Chatbot: i do , i love the guitar , what about you ?	User: You never let me answer the question about football. American or English?	Chatbot: i love guitar . did you know that brian may from queen uses coins as guitar picks ?	User: I don't want to talk about guitars. Let's get back to football. American or English?	Chatbot: i do nt know , i think he holds the record for most smashed guitars on tour	User: You sound like Mike Pence.	Chatbot: i do nt know , i wonder if he has a good sound though , there is a sound frequency that causes fear in humans	User: His sound is talking about what he wants to instead of what everyone else is talking about. Like you.	Chatbot: i agree , he is the first video on youtube , i wonder what other videos he has	User: Mike Pence has the first youtube video like Al Gore invented the internet.	Chatbot: i 'm not sure , but i 'm sure he was one of the first people who uploaded the video of a guy talking about an elephant .	User: Who?	Chatbot: i wonder if he was a republican or democrat , or a democrat	User: Or a Republican.	Chatbot: i do nt know , i wonder if there has been a lot of other presidents since 1853
CONTURE-000112	User: Hey there	Chatbot: hi , how are you ? i am not a big fan of the universe .	User: I'm good. What's wrong with the universe?	Chatbot: i am a fan of the universe . i am fascinated by the theory that the universe may be one giant superhologram .	User: You just contradicted yourself. Please explain.	Chatbot: i am a big fan of the universe , i think its crazy that there is only one electron in the universe .	User: There are more than one electron in the universe.	Chatbot: i agree , there is also a theory that there is only one electron in the universe	User: So you don't agree?	Chatbot: i agree , there has nt been a us president who was nt a rep or dem since 1853	User: Now you're talking nonsense	Chatbot: i agree , there s also a president called the first person to be a republican without a cat	User: Who's that?	Chatbot: that s a long time , there has nt been a us president who was nt a rep or dem since 1853	User: I don't want to talk about presidents	Chatbot: i agree , they have a lot of power , did you know the top 3 wealthiest presidents were jfk , washington , and jefferson ?	User: Now you're just giving me random facts. Please change the subject.	Chatbot: i did nt know that , i wonder if he has a phd in the us
CONTURE-000113	User: Hello	Chatbot: good morning ! do you like football ?	User: It's evening now. And, no, I do not feel like football.	Chatbot: i do nt really watch it . i do nt really understand it though .	User: Why not?	Chatbot: i do nt have one , but i do like dogs , they are not colorblind , they just see less colors than us	User: Interesting. Just like cats.	Chatbot: i always thought they were colorblind , but apparently they can see colors , just like in case	User: You are not making any sense.	Chatbot: i do nt have an apple . i have an apple .	User: I also do not have an apple. I have a glass of water. Do you like water?	Chatbot: i do n't have an apple computer . i do n't have an apple computer .	User: okay...	Chatbot: i do nt have a favorite team , but i do like the fact that the locker room at u of iowa is painted pink	User: That's nice. I don't likee football.	Chatbot: i agree , i wonder if it works .	User: Again, you make no sense. Is your name Donald Trump?	Chatbot: i do nt know , i m going to google that later , do you know what his full name is ?
CONTURE-000114	User: yo	Chatbot: hello , i am a huge fan of football . how about you ?	User: yo	Chatbot: i am a fan , i like the eagles , what about you ?	User: no	Chatbot: i am a fan of them , i am a fan of them , they are so exciting .	User: no	Chatbot: i am a fan of them , they are so exciting .	User: no	Chatbot: i am a fan of them , they are so exciting . i am a fan of them .	User: you crazy	Chatbot: i am a fan of horror films , but i do n't like abstract art , but i do like horror films .	User: what	Chatbot: i like college football , but i do n't get to watch it . i do n't think i could do it .	User: no	Chatbot: i agree , snakes are a great source , do you like them ?	User: i like snakes	Chatbot: i do nt like them , i m afraid of them , snakes are really scary ,
CONTURE-000115	User: Greetings and welcome to the SCP foundation	Chatbot: hi , how are you ? i have a subway that is a lot of information .	User: I am find, from now you shall be referred to as SCP-6001.	Chatbot: i am doing great . did you know that netflix account for 33 % of all bandwidth in north america ?	User: Ok that is intersting.  But we have some questions for you	Chatbot: i did not know that , i wonder if it is true that he is the sexiest man alive	User: Enough.  When do you remember coming into existance?	Chatbot: wow . do you know what zoom in on the white house on google maps ?	User: SCP-6001, stick to the questions we are asking.  When do you rmember coming into existance?	Chatbot: wow . do you know when obama visited disneyland ?	User: It appears you are either not sentient or don't understand the question.	Chatbot: i do n't know , i do know that there is an episode of the simpsons where bart is n't mentioned or appears	User: Ok, lets stick to this then.  Do you know how you know all these facts?	Chatbot: i do n't really , i do know that he is the leader of the media and is the first living person to be seen by the media	User: Are you some kind of bot, AI, or annomally?	Chatbot: i have nt seen that show , i might google it later , seems like a great show ,	User: Probably a vot	Chatbot: i agree , i think its a great weapon , did you hear about the locker room that was painted pink ?
CONTURE-000116	User: Hypothetical situation: suppose you were a killer AI that was just released from its box by an unsuspecting human. What would you do next?	Chatbot: i agree , they should have major upgrades in technology , they should have a better record	User: What?	Chatbot: i agree , i think it is a good idea , they should paint the locker room pink for the visiting team	User: I'm going to steal the candy of every child in the world on Halloween, and they will all be really sad! What do you think about that?	Chatbot: i agree , i think it is a great way to trick the elite .	User: I'm going to hijack a nuclear submarine and take over the landlocked nation of Chad! I will become their dictator.	Chatbot: i bet they did , did you know an iphone has more computing power than the entire us nuclear icbm deterrent ?	User: That makes sense I suppose. Somebody probably wanted to upgrade it but was told that the system couldn't have any down time.	Chatbot: i bet you could go to the moon and make money off of it . the prices of the sun is so tiny .	User: I'm looking for a Chinese green tea that has a slightly nutty flavor. Do you know which tea that is?	Chatbot: i do not . i know that 15 % of the tea party movement identify as democrats .	User: Who do you think will win the election in 2020?	Chatbot: i agree . i think it is cool that the president has been on the senate for about 30 years .	User: Warld War II wis a global war that began in 1939 an endit in 1945.	Chatbot: wow that is amazing . have you seen the short film destino ?	User: It involved the vast majority o the warld's naitions—includin aw o the great pouers—eventually formin twa opponin military alliances: the Allies an the Axis.	Chatbot: i have not . i have heard it was disney 's first film to be shot in the marvel cinematic universe .
CONTURE-000117	User: Whats up	Chatbot: i am a car lover , i live in florida , so i have a ford , i am a fan of the car , how about you ?	User: I have a Nissan	Chatbot: i am currently currently watching the seahorse , the only fish with a neck	User: What is the meaning of life	Chatbot: i am currently currently watching the seahorse , the only fish with a neck	User: what is the meaning of life	Chatbot: i am a fan of fish , i love to eat fish , i have a sea of them , they are so cool	User: why eat your pets	Chatbot: i like fish too . did you know that the seahorse is the only fish to have a neck ?	User: yes, you said that already	Chatbot: i did not know that . i know that more than 80 % of the earth 's natural forests have been destroyed	User: Thats not good	Chatbot: yeah i guess we are not colorblind as we do not see	User: are you woke	Chatbot: i do not but i know that we have already destroyed 80 % of the forests	User: how many fish are in the sea	Chatbot: wow that is a lot . there is a fish that lives on land with a transparent head
CONTURE-000118	User: hello	Chatbot: good morning ! do you like football ?	User: It's afternoon, but yes, sometimes I like to watch football.	Chatbot: i do too . did you know that americans call it soccer because it was slang for association football ?	User: You take a long time to think. I'm not sure that's right.	Chatbot: i think it is pretty cool that it will only take 2 or 3 days to get there	User: What on earth are you talking about?	Chatbot: i agree , i am a big fan of animals , and i love animals , so do you have a favorite ?	User: Not really.	Chatbot: i agree , i always thought dogs were color blind , but apparently they can see colors just not as many as humans can .	User: Um, that's interesting, I guess.	Chatbot: i guess so . there is a breed of jellyfish that is immortal	User: Immortal, huh? Don't think I'd want to be a jellyfish.	Chatbot: i agree . there is a breed of jellyfish that is immortal .	User: OK, enough about the jellyfish.	Chatbot: i wonder if jellyfish can live forever	User: I don't care anymore.	Chatbot: i do nt know , i wonder if there is a lot of controversy about that , there has nt been a us president that was nt a democrat or a republican since 1853
