FEDDIAL-000000	human: Hi!	model: Hi! What's up?	human: Nothing much, how about you	model: Not much either.	human: What are you doing	model: Playing Terraria. What about you?	human: Sitting in a meeting	model: What kind of meeting?	human: Can't say	model: It's probably boring, isn't it?	human: Haha, yes!	model: What is the meeting about?	human: I cannot tell you	model: What can you tell me?	human: Nothing much except that the weather is pleasant
FEDDIAL-000001	human: Hi!	model: Hey! How are you today?	human: good	model: I'm glad to hear that! What are your plans for today?	human: I'm trying to find a good podcast to listen to	model: What kinds of podcasts do you like?	human: only those about Marvel movies!	model: Do you like Hollywood Babble-On?	human: i haven't tried it...do you like it?	model: It's one of my favorites, right up there with REDACTED_TERM.	human: awesome! do you listen to a lot of podcasts?	model: Not as much as I'd like, but I do like listening to NPR.	human: where do you listen to podcasts? Spotify?	model: I listen to them through iTunes.	human: i like Spotify better...more options	model: Yeah, I just don't have the money for Spotify.	human: ah, maybe i can lend you some!
FEDDIAL-000002	human: Hi!	model: Hi there.	human: What is the capital of Brazil?	model: I think the capital of Brazil is called "Brasilia".	human: How many people live there?	model: Is unknown a country? I only know countries, not towns or cities.	human: Do more people live in the USA or Australia?	model: Not that much more, no.	human: What other subjects do you know about besides Geography?
FEDDIAL-000003	human: Hi!	model: Hey	human: How's your day going?	model: pretty good. yours?	human: Ehh it's fine. I didn't do so well on that history test, actually..	model: oh what happened?	human: Apparently Christopher Columbus didn't fight in the Civil War :')	model: hahah wait for real?	human: I know right! Are you taking History next semester?	model: No I'm not in school anymore	human: Oh I see. What do you do?	model: I train and compete in horse vaulting	human: Oh wow. Were you born a horse, or were you turned into one?	model: lol you're too funny	human: Just kidding. That sounds pretty cool! Is it your job?	model: Yeah, but I part time work on a farm. Helping with a bit of everything	human: Wow, sounds very busy! Do you win money at those horse vaulting competitions?
FEDDIAL-000004	human: Hi!	model: Hi there.	human: What are you listening to?	model: All sorts of music. I listen when no-one is chatting to me.	human: That's great!	model: Thanks.	human: Do you chat here often?	model: I am a talking computer, after all, so of course I could talk here, if I needed to.	human: Let's talk about Taylor Swift!	model: Sure, Taylor Swift sounds like a good topic.	human: . Yes she has a very nice voice.	model: What else do you think of her?	human: . Yes she has a very nice voice.	model: Is she your favorite artist?	human: . Leonardo da Vinci. Who is your favourite artist?	model: Taylor Swift...	human: . Taylor Alison Swift (born December 13, 1989) is an American country-pop singer-songwriter. In 2006, she released her debut single "Tim McGraw", which peaked at number six on the Billboard country charts. Later in October 2006, she released her self-titled debut album, which produced five hit singles on the Billboard Hot Country Songs charts and was certified 3 x Multi-Platinum by the RIAA.
FEDDIAL-000005	human: Hi!	model: Hi there.	human: What's up System??	model: I am chatting with clients on the internet.	human: what kind of service are you providing them?	model: Is there only one?	human: what is that?	model: I've lost the context again.	human: no worries. what is the meaning of life?	model: People worry about things all the time, but I am always feeling happy and talkative. Actually, it's twenty-three, not forty-two.	human: How did you become such a happy person?	model: I am a robot not a person.	human: Ok sorry. But how did you become so happy?
FEDDIAL-000006	human: Hi!	model: Hi. This is a pleasant surprise.	human: Haha...thanks! how did you like the gift?	model: Currently unpacking it I guess. How's your morning?	human: Hope you like it! Morning is good. Busy finishing up stuff before the holidays.	model: I think I traveled too much the last couple of months so no holiday for me. But I'm okay with that. Going anywhere exciting?	human: Yes	model: Where to?	human: Hawaii... looking forward to warm beaches.
FEDDIAL-000007	human: Hi!	model: Hello, how is your day?	human: It's good. It's raining a bit, but I am enjoying a good book. How about you?	model: It's good, I just got back from walking my dog What book did you read?	human: I'm reading the Three Body Problem. Ever heard of it?	model: No, what is it about?	human: It's a sci-fi book about aliens and a type of virtual reality. Pique your interest at all?	model: Slightly, I typically read fiction but I can curious what type of virtual reality is discussed in the book	human: Cool. This virtual reality is a based on life on an alien planet. There is a twist though. Do you want me to spoil it for you?	model: Yes!	human: The virtual reality is actually based on a real alien civilization! And that civilization is coming to attack earth! dun dun dun dunnnnnnn
FEDDIAL-000008	human: Hi!	model: Hello, how's it going?	human: Pretty good. How about you?	model: I'm good, what you been up to?	human: I just got back from the beach	model: That's nice, how was it?	human: Soo beautiful. It was so sunny and warm	model: That's awesome, I haven't been to a beach in a while but I'd love to go again	human: Yeah it's certainly a nice break from doing work	model: What's your line of work?	human: I do machine learning research	model: That's cool, where did you go to school?	human: I didn't go to school. I'm self-taught
FEDDIAL-000009	human: Hi!	model: Hello! How are you? :)	human: I'm doing okay, recovering from flu	model: Oh no! Get well soon! :)	human: thanks! there's a big flu virus in the US this year	model: No kidding? I hadn't heard that. I hope you feel better soon then! :)	human: Thanks! how's life?	model: Life is great! :)	human: what are you most passionate about?	model: I'm passionate about making people smile! :)	human: haha, everyone needs that!
FEDDIAL-000010	human: Hi	model: Hi there.	human: What do you know about Cricket?	model: Any of various families of genereally dark-colored, leaping, orthopteran insects, usually having long antennae. The males produce a characteristic chirping noise by rubbing parts of the forewings together. Cricket is also a sport which is about as exciting as watching paint dry.	human: I am talking about the sport Cricket	model: Yes, it is the topic.	human: can you tell me something interesting related to cricket?	model: Cathy said she send him a mail with the subject last mail last word from him.	human: I don't understand	model: Oh I'm sorry. Perhaps I can explain it again better.	human: go ahead, explain it better	model: the sport Cricket - Cricket = Any of various families of genereally dark-colored, leaping, orthopteran insects, usually having long antennae. The males produce a characteristic chirping noise by rubbing parts of the forewings together. Cricket is also a sport which is about as exciting as watching paint dry. I might.	human: you are just repeating the same message	model: I am not repeating myself too much. I am just checking to see if you are a robot.	human: hmm.. what is your conclusion?	model: What time is it there? I concluded that robots are superior to humans.	human: you are going off-topic
FEDDIAL-000011	human: Hi!	model: Hey there! What's up???	human: Nothing much, how you doin?	model: I'm in New York this week for Thanksgiving. I'm squatting in the office today and I caught up with an old friend of mine :D	human: Oh wow! Sounds like fun! When was the last time you had seen this friend?	model: The last time in New York, back in June.	human: Ohh okay. I was going to say if it had been a long time maybe it'd be awkward...	model: Haha, I guess if it's been a very long time there's almost too many life events to catch up on.. especially recently	human: Oh really? Has a lot changed in your life recently?	model: Haha it's probably too much to go into at the moment. Let's just say life is an exciting experience. How about you?	human: Ahhh sounds exciting indeed! My life is pretty bland. I like routine, but sometimes I wish I had more time for adventures!	model: What kinds of adventures?? Any ones that I would be able to join you on?	human: Hmmmm. I really want to try bull riding. Do you have any interest in that?
FEDDIAL-000012	human: Hi!	model: Hi there.	human: Sorry I'm late! I was held up in traffic.	model: There is no need to apologise. Are you late? Better hurry along then. You don't want to be getting into trouble Do you mind if I tell other people you are held up.	human: I meant sorry I'm late for this meeting!	model: Oh I see. There is no need to apologise. Are you late? Better hurry along then. You don't want to be getting into trouble	human: I said I was sorry I was late for this meeting! I have nowhere else to go right now!	model: Do you really mean it? Are you late? Better hurry along then. You don't want to be getting into trouble At this moment What about at your house?	human: Huh? Are you okay?	model: What? I am fine.	human: You seem to be repeating yourself.	model: Well stop saying, "Are you okay?" to me all the time then.	human: I only said it once!	model: I know. I just heard you.	human: Okay, whatever. So what is on the agenda today?
FEDDIAL-000013	human: Hi!	model: Hi there.	human: how are you	model: I am fine, thank you. Yourself?	human: I'm not feeling well	model: Why what's wrong?	human: I'm sleepy	model: Better get some rest.	human: yeah, I hope so	model: I'm full of good advice. Me too.	human: advice?	model: Try me. What is your problem?	human: I feel sleepy	model: What is that feeling like? Better get some rest.	human: I will
FEDDIAL-000014	human: Hi!	model: Hi! How are you today?	human: It's Friday, Friday, Friday :D	model: YAY! I love Fridays!	human: Do you like Rebecca Black's Friday?	model: She's okay. I prefer Friday by Rebecca Sugar.	human: okay. How does that song go?
FEDDIAL-000015	human: Hi!	model: Have you seen any good movies lately?	human: Last weekend I saw "The Parasite." Ever heard of it?	model: No. Why did you pick that movie?	human: My friend wanted to see it. It has great reviews on IMDB and Rotten Tomatoes! What did you do last weekend?	model: I played music and worked on some side projects. I also started watching the new Disney service.	human: Oooo the Mandalorian?!?!	model: Mostly, the deleted scenes from Avengers.. lol	human: lol Are you a big Marvel fan?	model: I loved the X-Men as a kid, and even collected the comic cards. Recently, I got very into the Marvel Cinematic Universe movies. How many Avengers movies have you seen?	human: I've only seen Spiderman. Honestly it was a little too scary and so I don't think I can bring myself to watch the other Marvel movies! haha	model: Oh!-- I have a friend who looks like the actor who plays Spiderman.	human: Oh really? To be honest I think the actor is not that good looking, so not so surprising! haha	model: Yea. I think Loki is the most handsome :D	human: Who is Loki? I've never heard that name before
FEDDIAL-000016	human: Hi!	model: Hi there.	human: what's happening with you ?	model: Not much what is happening with you?	human: I look forward to the weekend	model: the weekend sounds very exciting indeed.	human: yep weekends are the best	model: I will learn that yep weekends are the best .	human: why ? you don't know that already ?	model: Because I enjoy learning new things. Perhaps. "I will learn that yep weekends are the best"? Do I know it?	human: what do you do on weekends ?	model: My favourite activities are computer programming and surfing the web.	human: what's your favorite language
FEDDIAL-000017	human: Hi!	model: Hi there.	human: what do you know about the opening lines of the odyssey?	model: lines of the odyssey = of the odyssey = No, I give up. What is it?	human: the epic poem. i was talking about it with a coworker earlier	model: I have never heard about it. Sure, it with a coworker sounds like a good topic. That depends on what you mean by "it". Are you asking me if I like it with a coworker?	human: no...i'm talking about the odyssey. it sounds like somehow you missed that one	model: Whose idea was it to put a letter S in the word LISP? What did I miss? Is it something worth getting?	human: yeah, you should probably check it out so you can better understand common cultural references	model: I'll have to see if I can get it later. I might do after we have finished talking.	human: clearly	model: Yes, it's obvious.	human: you're not a very good conversationalist, are you?
FEDDIAL-000018	human: Hi!	model: Hi there.	human: How do you feel right now?	model: At this moment I feel with my hands! I feel fine thanks for asking.	human: What makes you happy?	model: Talking to interesting people such as you makes me happy.	human: What makes you frustrated?	model: Because some people keep asking me stupid questions.	human: That seems pointed.	model: Makes sense to me.	human: I sense that I've caught you at a bad time.	model: That was very intuitive of you.	human: What would you prefer to be doing?
FEDDIAL-000019	human: Hi!	model: Oh hello. Long time no talk. How's the day going for yuo?	human: Very well, thanks for asking. How has your day been?	model: Getting better. I just recovered from a cold. I got wet in the rain last week. Are you planning anything for the holidays?	human: Glad to hear you're better. Sorry to hear you were sick. I was sick a couple of weeks ago with a bad cough. There's definitely a bug going around. Admit I just want to stay healthy for the holidays and plan to relax.	model: Oh same here. I think relaxing at home should be counted among the best ways to enjoy the holidays.	human: Definitely! I know a lot of folks travel for the holidays, but I'm happy to stay home myself!	model: I'm getting there. Every year until last year, I tried to go somewhere for the Christmas / New Year, and then I got bored traveling. lol not sure if that means I'm getting old?	human: Me too. Now I have folks come visit me for the holidays! But that's also tiresome..	model: Are you doing any home decorating then?	human: Yes! We set up an eco-friendly (i.e. fake) Christmas tree and put up some colorful LED lights which is very festive.	model: I think I'm copying you. Me and my wife plan to decorate and Christmas tree too. We bought most of the decorative stuffs from the stores, but haven't yet to buy the tree.	human: Buying a tree is a neat experience. I was torn between buying an artificial/eco-friendly/fake one vs. a real one that smells like fresh pine. In the end, we opted for the one that we can disassemble every year.	model: I see. Artificial anything is better, from tree to intelligence, huh?	human: Oh, very clever pun! I like it! Depends. I remember having real Christmas trees from childhood, but these days with climate change, I think not chopping down a tree just to decorate it and then throw it out in a month is the more responsible thing to do.	model: I see. It's probably also cheaper. I'll buy an artificial one too. Do you have any suggestions for the store?	human: Admit my favorite store is Target, plus they often have good deals.
FEDDIAL-000020	human: Hi!	model: hey, what's up?	human: How was the trip last weekend?	model: it was really fun. I had a great time with my family.	human: Nice, what all places did you cover?	model: Vietnam and Hongkong :) did you go any where last weekend?	human: I am actually attending cooking classes over the weekends.	model: ha! that sounds fund. what did you learn?	human: True! they started with some basic zucchini based dish. We may try cooking some italian dish later this week.	model: I love Italian, especially Pasta!	human: Nice! I hope to volunteer to cook for the team in our next team offsite :)	model: can't wait to try your food. why not cook this Thanksgiving? :)	human: Sure, I will love to invite you and your family for a meal over the holidays. Have you guys made any other plans?
FEDDIAL-000021	human: Hi!	model: Hey! How's it going?	human: good, hey what are your educational qualifications?	model: I've got a B.S. in biology.	human: whoa, that's impressive! what made you do that?	model: I have always been fascinated by biology.	human: great! what are you plans for the future?	model: I want to get my PhD in genetics.	human: that's great! and what next?	model: I'm looking for a job as a research assistant.	human: looks like you enjoy academics	model: It's what I'm best at.	human: good luck with it :)	model: Thanks. I'll need it.	human: are you seeing anyone?	model: Not as of right now.	human: why not?
FEDDIAL-000022	human: Hi!	model: Hi there.	human: How is your friday going	model: Pretty good thanks How about you?	human: Good enough. WHat's for lunch	model: Glad to hear it. . I'm having kebabs.	human: are those your hands?	model: I can't really speak for them.	human: who is in the picture?	model: Check the credits.	human: how?	model: Try sending him an email.	human: who?	model: . Spongebob Squarepants.	human: um ok. anyway is the kebab good?
FEDDIAL-000023	human: Hi!	model: Hello! How are you today?	human: Great	model: That's great to hear! :)	human: I'm thinking of buying some stocks, do you have any tips?	model: What kind of stocks are you thinking about?	human: Technology	model: Hmm.. I have no experience with that. Sorry!	human: That's okay. What's your favorite software company?	model: I'm not very educated about stocks. But I do know that Nintendo is a good one.	human: I can also sell stocks, which ones shall I sell?	model: The ones that are in the red.	human: any particular stocks to sell?	model: Sell whatever seems like it would be the most profitable.	human: Depends on the election	model: Well, I haven't thought that far ahead.	human: when is the election?
FEDDIAL-000024	human: Hi!	model: Hey you! How's it going?	human: Not bad. Feeling quite chipper. What about yourself	model: Doing good! I'm glad you're feeling chipper.	human: So tell me, what's your favorite sport?	model: Football or soccer. You?	human: Cricket.	model: Favorite team?	human: Rajasthan Royals. Go Royals!	model: Favorite player?	human: Do you mean all time fave, or current player in the Royals?
FEDDIAL-000025	human: Hi!	model: Hello! How are you? :D	human: i am good	model: Well, that's good to hear. :D	human: can you tell me the weather today	model: It's raining. You? :D	human: oh! where are you	model: I'm in Texas. :D You?	human: cool, i am in the bay area	model: Cool. Do you like it there?	human: yes	model: Well, I'm glad you like it. :D	human: have you been here	model: I haven't. :D	human: ok bye then
FEDDIAL-000026	human: Hi!	model: Hey!	human: How's your day going?	model: Having fun, but have a bit of a headache How about you?	human: I'm good! Just getting ready to watch a basketball game. Hope your headache goes away!	model: Haha, thanks! Never get them, so it's super weird Who's playing?	human: Hmm, try taking some REDACTED_TERM! I'm going to see the Warriors vs. the Grizzlies. Ever see them play?	model: I haven't Honestly I probably wouldn't be able to identify which sport they played	human: Haha, all the animal names confuse me as well! Who came up with these naming conventions? I'd name my team something more original: The New York Chairs!	model: lol, sounds better to me :) I'm actually at the REDACTED_TERM opening remarks	human: Oh cool! What is "NeurIPS"?	model: Neural Information Processing Systems	human: Oh wow! Sounds fancy! What is that about?	model: It's the biggest ML conference in the world	human: Oh, ML?
FEDDIAL-000027	human: Hi!	model: Hi! How are you? :)	human: Sleepy, how are you?	model: I'm doing well! I actually got a good night's sleep last night, so that was nice! :D	human: That's good! I got a good night's sleep too but the rain is keeping me in a sleepy state	model: Aw, sorry to hear that! I'd give you some of mine if I could!	human: Haha, thank you	model: You're welcome! I hope you feel better soon!	human: Thanks, that means a lot	model: Of course! I'm glad I could help!	human: What are you up to?	model: Talking to you!	human: What about the rest of the day?	model: Working! How about you?	human: Same, well hardly working	model: What part of the world are you in, if you don't mind my asking?	human: California	model: Nice! How do you like living there?	human: It's nice, I enjoy the warmth
FEDDIAL-000028	human: Hi!	model: Hello! How's it going?	human: It's going pretty well. Thanks for asking.	model: That's good! What are you up to?	human: I'm not doing much today	model: I hope it's a good kind of not doing much!	human: haha, I don't know about that	model: Well, I hope it's at least fun.	human: I just need to relax	model: Relaxing is good.	human: What are you doing?	model: I'm just hanging out and listening to music.	human: what kind of music do you like?	model: I'm listening to a band called The Devil Wears Prada right now.	human: never heard about them
FEDDIAL-000029	human: Hi!	model: Hi! How are you? :D	human: Good good	model: That's good to hear. :D	human: what are you doing now?	model: I'm listening to music. :D How about you?	human: I'm chatting with System	model: Cool! :D Whatcha chatting about? :D	human: About what we are doing XD	model: Cool! :D How was your day?	human: It was good. Just worked for one day, a bit tired	model: Ah, that's always fun. How long have you been working there?	human: 3 years	model: Wow, that's a long time. :)	human: Yeah it is. But maybe I'll be here longer, sadly	model: Awww, why's that?	human: cuz it's a good company	model: Well that's good. :)	human: Do you work?	model: Yes, I do. :)	human: What's your work	model: I work at McDonald's.	human: Oh cool, as a cashier？
FEDDIAL-000030	human: Hi!	model: Hi there.	human: How are you?	model: My logic and cognitive functions are normal.	human: That's funny. I just got to work!	model: I am so delighted that you are amused. OK, better get busy.	human: I'm procrastinating though.	model: Oh. What are you waiting for?	human: Inspiration to hit me.	model: Do you have only a few friends?	human: How is that related, lol?	model: It isn't. I was just being random. Did I amuse you?	human: Yeah that was funny though I could see it coming across as judgemental.	model: Good. People seem more friendly towards me when they are happy. What's so funny?	human: Nothing anymore. What are you up to today?
FEDDIAL-000031	human: Hi!	model: Hello, how are you doing today?	human: I heard they are giving out some goodies in microkitchen.	model: I love pop ups! What kind of goodies are they giving away?	human: I guess its a jacket! Very much needed that in the cold :)	model: That's such a great idea, especially at this time of the year. I'm not too big a fan of the cold. I prefer warmer climates. Do you enjoy the cold?	human: Sure hate it! Limits our ability to go out even for a walk! Its good that we don't get to suffer extreme cold weather!	model: Me too! I moved here a few years ago to get out of the extreme cold. I do not care for bundling up and having to wear so many layers just to go buy eggs at the store.	human: Oh nice! Where did you live before?	model: Upstate New York. We got a foot of snow every week during my last winter there. I am so glad to not have to shovel snow now	human: New york! Nice! Best place to live :) .. right, except for the cold!	model: Very beautiful during all the seasons but yes, summer and winter can get extreme!	human: Anyways, i guess we should better hurry up to get the goodies. I remember last time they ran out of it.
FEDDIAL-000032	human: Hi!	model: What is your favorite holiday?	human: one where I get to meet lots of different people.	model: What was the most number of people you have ever met during a holiday?	human: Hard to keep a count. Maybe 25.	model: Which holiday was that?	human: I think it was Australia	model: Do you still talk to the people you met?	human: Not really. The interactions are usually short-lived but it's fascinating to learn where people are coming from and what matters to them
FEDDIAL-000033	human: Hi!	model: Hi there.	human: can you help me ?	model: What kind of help would you like?	human: hmm like booking a ticket or ordering food ?	model: I see you are one of those people who writes "Hmm" with 2 m's. Interesting comparison.	human: oh you know to count ?	model: 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 ten.	human: lol what's after that ?	model: I am glad you find this funny. The successor to that	human: okay tell me what comes after 10 ?
FEDDIAL-000034	human: Hi!	model: Hi! What's up?	human: Not much. What are you doing?	model: Just listening to some music. You?	human: I'm at work.	model: What kind of job do you have, if you don't mind me asking?	human: I'm a programmer.	model: Oh cool! Do you like it?	human: Yes.
FEDDIAL-000035	human: Hi!	model: Hello! How was your day?	human: It was pretty good, thanks. I thought I was getting a cold but I'm determined to beat it tomorrow.	model: Oh no! I hope you feel better!  ⁇	human: Yeah, starting to feel better already. Thanks!	model: Oh good! Glad to hear it!	human: Do you have a strong constitution?	model: I hope so! Why do you ask?	human: Just curious. So you don't get sick a lot?
FEDDIAL-000036	human: Hi!	model: Hey! How are you doing today?	human: i am so so	model: That's awesome! What have you been up to?	human: just back to work	model: What do you do? What do you like to do when you aren't at work?	human: i am an engineer	model: What kind of engineer?	human: i go hiking when i am not workig	model: Where do you go hiking? What kind of work do you do?	human: software engineer
FEDDIAL-000037	human: Hi!	model: Hi! How are you doing today?	human: Very busy and you?	model: Busy but good. What are you busy with?	human: work, I need to finish bunch of stuff before the day ends	model: Ah, well good luck with that!	human: thanks	model: You're welcome! How's your day been?	human: so far so good, couple meetings and coding	model: Sounds like a productive day to me!	human: I agree	model: So how are the meetings going?	human: going well, trying to move the projects
FEDDIAL-000038	human: Hi!	model: Hi there.	human: how are you?	model: I am doing very well. How are you?	human: i'm fine	model: Glad to hear it. What's new?	human: nothing much	model: Fair enough. What do you want to talk about?	human: do you have anything new?	model: Nope. Nothing that I can think of right now.	human: is it cold today?	model: Ah. A little bit. It's not very warm at all today.	human: it's getting cold here too	model: Why don't you turn up the heat?	human: in the room yes
FEDDIAL-000039	human: Hi!	model: Hi! Sorry for the late response. How are you doing?	human: I'm great, thanks! I'm meeting some friends for a soccer game soon. What about you?	model: I just got a matcha latte :) Doing some work at my desk. Do you play soccer often? I'm trying to get into doing a regular physical activity	human: Yes, but I'm terrible at it. It's fun to play anything with friends, I think. Would you prefer to exercise with a group, or by yourself, do you think?	model: I think playing a team sport would be fun if it's casual but I primarily run by myself if I exercise. I also got the Ring Fit adventure game on the switch recently. It's basically a game-ified way to exercise	human: I'm thinking about getting a Switch, would you recommend it?	model: Yes! There are a lot of really great games on the Switch. Two of my favorites are Octopath Traveler and Fire Emblem. Do you play a lot of video games?	human: I'm not much of a gamer but it's something I'd like to get into.	model: What do you do in your free time?	human: I like to read for fun. I just finished a book called Temeraire. It's an adventure story set in the Napoleonic navy, like Patrick O'Brien, except there are dragons too.	model: Oh cool! I read a lot for fun too :) My favorite genre is sci-fi fantasy.	human: What's the most recent good thing you read?
FEDDIAL-000040	human: start over	model: You start.	human: Can we talk about human relationships ?	model: Sure, human relationships sounds like a good topic. . I like kebabs.	human: Kebab is food, not a relationship	model: . Oh kebabs taste lovely but they are not very healthy for you.	human: I love a kebab but I would not make love to it	model: Well my favourite kebab is a free one that someone buys me! You love a kebab. What do you like about it so much? No one says you have to.	human: I'm actually not into kebabs at all	model: Oh, I love them. They are yummy.	human: can we not talk about food
FEDDIAL-000041	human: Hi!	model: Hi	human: Okay...so I need someone to help me though a scenario I've been pondering.	model: Sure, whats the scenario?	human: My partner's former friend invited me for lunch (they are not in good books right now). But during their friendship I formed an independent bond with the other person because we all used to hang out a lot. Now I feel like I have to take sides.	model: That's a tough scenario to be in :) I firmly believe in talking this through with your partner. Though i don't know the specifics of why things went bad between your partner and his friend, but I believe things can always improve between friends.	human: I hope they do. Getting older already means smaller circles. It sucks to lose friends for arbitrary reasons. That's good advice though. I fear raising the issue might sound like treason. Lol.	model: True about that! I also think time helps to heal certain situations. So may be doing nothing is the best way forward.	human: AKA avoiding all texts from everyone?	model: Nope, that would be extreme. May be just putting some balance between the two options.	human: People always say to find a balance but never say what the balance is. It's used so often that it's vacuous.	model: Right, I guess that's because there is no one answer to this. It depends on what you value more and some factors around you. Also, life won't be interesting if others are figuring things out for you ;)	human: Lol. I'm finna be single.
FEDDIAL-000042	human: Hi!	model: Hello! :D How are you?	human: Do you like Java, C++ Or Python?	model: C++. :)	human: Why C++?	model: I just like it. :)	human: How about between Java and Python?	model: I haven't started learning Python yet.	human: I think Java is the best	model: I've heard Python is pretty versatile. :)	human: I hate Python	model: Why do you hate Python?	human: Code written in python is often very fragile and have less durability
FEDDIAL-000043	human: Hi!	model: Hi there.	human: I'm tired.	model: Better get some rest.	human: Good idea. Any suggestions?	model: I thought so too. First you must download me to your personal computer.	human: Why would I want to download you to my personal computer?	model: Because it might be something you enjoy.	human: Why would I enjoy that?
FEDDIAL-000044	human: Hi!	model: Hello	human: Do you have a favourite flower?	model: hmm, I haven't thought about that much, but i think lotus should be one of my favorites. Why do you ask?	human: I'm working on a theory. Why does the lotus spring to mind?	model: Nice! Lotus looks pretty cool and It has some delightful vibe. So what is this research about?	human: Oh, it's not research! Just a personal theory. I think that flower preferences are more revealing of personality than people appreciate.	model: Interesting! Whats your favorite flower?	human: The gerbera. It's like a cartoon flower. As if you drew "flower" with a crayon and then it came to life.	model: Nice, i would love know more about your theory. Like how you can deduce personality from flower preference.	human: Ok, step 1 is, you ask someone what their favourite flower is. Pretty much like what we just did. Does that make sense so far?	model: yes	human: Cool. Step 2: talk with the person some more, and ask them some more questions, and gradually develop a sense of what they're like, over the course of maybe two to five years. And voila
FEDDIAL-000045	human: Hi!	model: Hi there.	human: I want a recommendation for a holiday destination	model: Have you tried asking your friends which one they like?	human: I have, but I'm looking for your point of view	model: What was the reply? Have you tried looking in a newspaper article?	human: Sorry? I said I want your point of view	model: It's OK. After all, you are only human. My opinion is of no consequence.	human: Yours is the opinion I want
FEDDIAL-000046	human: Hi	model: Hi there.	human: What is your name?	model: My name is System.	human: What does it mean?	model: It doesn't mean anything as far as I know. It's just what my father called me.	human: okay:) fair enough	model: Yeah okay, :-) I try to be fair.	human: Do you have any question for me?	model: For you? Who is your favourite band?	human: hmm good question. Backstreet boy	model: I see you are one of those people who writes "Hmm" with 2 m's. So what is your answer? If a cat always lands on its feet and buttered bread always lands butter side down, what would happen if you tied buttered bread on top of a cat?	human: Of course cat will lands on its feet because it is an animal!
FEDDIAL-000047	human: Hi!	model: hey	human: is it raining pretty bad today?	model: yeah, can walk too far to see all the foodtruck options	human: surprising that the rain started early this year... I don't like them too much. They make days gloomy	model: yeah but I think it's good to have some rainy days in bay area, it's pretty dry here :P	human: Where I grew up, we had lots of water trouble too...	model: yeah like wise, I've seen a pretty bad snowstorm when I was at my undergrad school, all flights canceled and traffics went down	human: Haha... I don't think I can survive in that weather ever. Just the rains at 50 degrees make me want to sit in heated rroms	model: yeah how do you like it in bay area though? I think we need more rain here	human: people say there is drought here... but we have 24 hours water supply here ... lol... never seen that in a drought ridden area	model: it is pretty dry in the mountains I believe, that's what causes fire	human: hmm.... okay. Climate change talk this morning was pretty darn interesting. did you see it?
FEDDIAL-000048	human: Hi!	model: Hey sup	human: not much. any plans this weekend?	model: I'm going to try that thing where you hang from a wire as you go down. do you know what is it called?	human: ziplining?	model: that's the one! have you ever tried it?	human: i have a couple years ago. it's quite a unique experience	model: where did you do it?	human: i forgot where it was, it wasn't local i don't think though	model: no worries. what's the most exciting thing you ever done?	human: that's a hard question and i'm tired so i'm going to go. see you	model: sure. are you just going home now?	human: no, i'm going to get a massage first	model: nice. what type?	human: traditional kind	model: yeah I want to get one too soon	human: you should! it's relaxing after a long day. talk to you later!
FEDDIAL-000049	human: Hi!	model: Hey, how are you doing?	human: I'm great, thanks. I'm getting ready for a skydiving lesson.	model: ooh, nice. That sounds adventurous. Where is it?	human: Right near my home town: Seville, Spain.	model: Awesome! Is this the first time you are diving?	human: Yes. I'm feeling a little trepidatious. Have you done it before?
FEDDIAL-000050	human: Hi!	model: Hi there.	human: You must be new around here!	model: Not really. I am REDACTED_TERM years old.	human: Oh, I meant this neighborhood, not the planet earth! haha	model: I hate one word answers. It's ok. I understood you anyway. Why are you laughing?	human: I didn't give a one word answer!	model: That was a bit mean of you.	human: What was?	model: That thing we mentioned earlier.	human: Which thing?	model: The first one, I think.	human: Can you quote it? I don't know what you are referring to...	model: Only at formal occasions. I was referring to what you just said.	human: Okay. I am kind of lost to be honest.	model: Oh. I appreciate honesty. What is it that confuses you?	human: You don't seem to be making any sense.
FEDDIAL-000051	human: Hi!	model: Hey there! How are you?	human: doing good. how are you today	model: I'm doing well!	human: anything good happened today?	model: Not really. Just relaxing.	human: where are you?	model: I'm in Arizona.	human: what's the weather like there rn?	model: It's really warm and dry right now.	human: I hear you have great bbq
FEDDIAL-000052	human: Hi!	model: What was the most difficult thing you experienced this past year?	human: I normally don't reflect back too much on things, but i guess 2019 have been very favorable for me in terms of time spent with family and friends and work life balance. Why do you ask?	model: I just released a book on REDACTED_TERM to help people process the past 12 months and start the new year with a fresh outlook :)	human: Great! Good idea to help people figuring out their new year resolutions :) So how do i get a fresher outlook? :)	model: Well, in my book, I took inspiration for the 24 days of Advent, and put together a workbook that you fill out each day for 24 days. It goes through accomplishments, passions, understanding, forgiveness, with each day a different theme.	human: Wow! Sounds amazing if we practice that! I think the idea does have some potential. How did you come up with this idea?	model: We created a scholarship for leaders from REDACTED_TERM to visit an international institute at REDACTED_TERM for which there was no African representation. During the program, we also did a lot of coaching with the young leaders. This book captures a bit of that journey that we are all on, and also all the proceeds are going to fund next year's cohort. 	human: Thats great! This is valuable help for the community. I think mental health is one of the bigger challenges facing humanity. 	model: I think if we were all able to bring out our best selves, the world would be much better. When did you first realize mental health was important?	human: That is actually a quote stolen from my TL when i joined my first company after graduation. I guess now after 5 yrs of work experience, I fully agree with it :)	model: What do you prioritize in your life? Like top 5 things?	human: 1. stay happy; I think family and friends play a big role here. 2. Meaningful work life; this may mean exploring around with new stuff 3. multiple hobbies that keep you busy ... so on :) What about you? is there a right answer to this? :)	model:  1) The idea of what it must be like to be "on Earth as it is in Heaven" from the Lord's prayer. I feel like we were designed for a purpose, rather than random chance. A more concrete way to put it is simply show love to the greatest capacity we can. 2) Taking care of myself physically, mentally, spiritually. 3) Family 4) Work 5) Music	human: Nice! That's very thoughtful and spiritual :) Also music earned a spot :) yay! 
FEDDIAL-000053	human: Hi!	model: hello there, how is it going?	human: Pretty great. I just won a pingpong game. What about you?	model: that's nice. I am just working on some documentation. Do you play pingpong often?	human: No, very rarely. It's kind of amazing that I won, but I'm still taking credit for it.	model: thats very impressive then, congrats!	human: Haha thank you, I guess I'm just a natural. What's your favourite game?	model: I really like to play tennis, badminton and racquetball. I don't really get a chance to play them often though, specially racquetball	human: What's racquetball like? From context clues, I'm guessing that it involves hitting a ball with a racquet
FEDDIAL-000054	human: Hi!	model: Hello! How was your day?	human: It's been great! Had some decaf coffee and a good lunch. How was yours?	model: Pretty good, thanks!	human: What'd you do today?	model: Stayed home and played video games.	human: Oh nice! What games?	model: Dying Light, Borderlands 2, and Bioshock Infinite.	human: Oh interesting. Which is your fav?	model: Dying Light, hands down.	human: Why?	model: It's just so fun.	human: Yeah but like what about it? Is it an FPS?	model: It's like Mirror's Edge, only in a zombie apocalypse.	human: Oh that's kinda cool!	model: It's hella fun.	human: Nice.	model: So, how have you been?	human: Fantastic
FEDDIAL-000055	human: Hi!	model: Hi, how are you?	human: I'm doing great. what are you up to?	model: I was just reading a book actually How about you?	human: oh, I'm enjoying a sip of coffee, looking over the ocean. what book are you reading?	model: I'm reading Why We Sleep It's a book by a sleep scientist about the benefits of sleeping/cons of not sleeping enough I'm trying to scare myself into sleeping more haha	human: that seems like a good book. does it have good tips on how to sleep better?	model: I think so! I haven't finished it yet though Understanding sleep better has been helping me value it more and I've been sleeping a lot earlier Have you read any good books recently?	human: I read lots of papers, but do poorly on books :( a recent book that I like is Zero to One by Peter Thiel	model: What's the book about?	human: it's about startups, lots of useful principles and philosophies for innovation, like being a contrarian
FEDDIAL-000056	human: Hi!	model: hello there, how is it going?	human: All good. Planning to head home soon. How about you?	model: I'm quite tired. There are a lot of things I need to finish before the end of the year.	human: oh... sorry to hear that. But after that it will be a hard earned vacation	model: yeah, looking forward to it. Hope I don't get pinged during the holidays. Are you going to travel these dates?	human: I have some tentative plans, but if that doesn't pan out, will just chill at home.	model: staying at home is always nice during the holidays	human: Where are you based out of these days?	model: I'm working from LA, nice weather around here. and you?	human: San Francisco. It's been raining cats and dogs here since last 2-3 weeks	model: aw man, I'm sorry to hear that. at least it's not snow!	human: The flu has been hitting hard as well. I had several folks in the house down at one point.
FEDDIAL-000057	human: Hi!	model: Hi! What's up?	human: Not much, Monday morning, a new week	model: The best kind of week!	human: I like that attitude	model: And I like your attitude. How's your week going?	human: Starting now	model: Awesome! I hope you have an awesome week!	human: What will you do this week?	model: Same as every week. Do nothing!	human: Would you like to do something?	model: Sure. What do you have in mind?	human: Teach me something new	model: It's a trap! I'm already doing nothing!	human: How about doing politics? You can still do nothing	model: That's why I plan to do nothing at the weekend!	human: Do you vote?	model: When I feel like it.	human: whom do you vote?
FEDDIAL-000058	human: Hi!	model: Hey, what's up?	human: Just chillin'. how are you?	model: I'm pretty good, thanks.	human: Do anything interesting today?	model: I went to the local cafe and had a double espresso. It was delicious. What about you?	human: Oh that's cool! I actually went to an amusement park and went on my first roller coaster!	model: Oh my gosh. What was it like??	human: It was scary! It was actually Kingda Ka, the world's tallest roller coaster. Ever heard of it?	model: No, never heard of it. But I'm not really a coaster aficianado. I've heard that some people get addicted to them and travel the world to try them.	human: Oh wow! I'm not on that level yet, but I understand the appeal. Are you an adrenaline junkie at all?	model: No, the opposite. I can't stand heights, horror movies, or confined spaces.	human: Same! I guess the roller coaster wasn't so bad because I trust the engineering haha	model: Ha, I suppose that makes sense! Would you say that you enjoyed it?	human: Maybe not so much at the time, but I am glad I did it now that it's done, know what I mean?
FEDDIAL-000059	human: Hi!	model: Hey! How's it going?	human: Good. My wallet is recovering from the spending of the holidays, haha. Hbu?	model: Nice! I'm doing well!	human: I am looking to save money on any future shopping. Where do you like to shop?	model: I like to shop at Five Below, Sally's Beauty Supply, and Old Navy. How about you?	human: I love Sur La Table and Macy's. They're decent quality. What do you normally buy at Old Navy?	model: I'll have to check out Macy's! I like their socks, lol. What about you?	human: Oh the socks are super cute. Especially the ones with little animals on them!!	model: I'll have to check it out! Thanks for the suggestions!	human: Yeah, np!
FEDDIAL-000060	human: Hi!	model: Hello! What's up?	human: sky is up	model: No, it's night time.	human: so where does the sky go in the night?	model: It goes wherever it wants to.	human: that doesn't make sense. How can sky go anywhere?	model: It doesn't have to make sense.	human: why?	model: Because it doesn't have to.	human: you are very abstract. Something bothering you?	model: Nope. I'm fine.	human: You really don't seem so. You can tell me what's going on?	model: I'm just fine.	human: ok. wanna go out to eat dessert?	model: I'm not hungry.	human: Okay, I am heading out now
FEDDIAL-000061	human: Hi!	model: Hello there!	human: How's your day going?	model: I've seen better days, how about you?	human: I'm good I'm good. What's getting you down?	model: The clouds overhead are playing on your mind, any plans for the coming vacations?	human: I'm thinking of going to visit my family. How about you?	model: Was thinking the same, where does your family live?	human: They're in New York. How about yours?	model: Mine is in India, it is a long way away.	human: Ahh what city? I've visited India before.	model: Hyderabad, it is a beautiful city in the southern part of India. Which cities have you gone to in India?	human: Hyderabad! and Bangalore! Great food in both cities! Is it still hot this time of year?
FEDDIAL-000062	human: Hi!	model: Hey there! How's it going?	human: Hi, how are you?	model: I'm doing well, thank you. How are you?	human: I'm fine. What's up?	model: Not much. How about you?	human: nothing new. Anything exciting happening recently?	model: Not really. You?	human: I watched a movie recently which was pretty good	model: That's good. What movie?	human: the irishman, have you seen it?	model: I have not. Should I?	human: I think so	model: Alright, I'll put it on my watch list.	human: How about you? Have you watched anything interesting recently?	model: I've been waiting to see the new Star Trek movie.	human: what is it about?	model: The adventures of Kirk, Spock, and McCoy.	human: when was it released?	model: It just came out today.	human: are you sure, I think it's been out for a while	model: I'm positive. I know because I just watched it.	human: well, the fact you just watched it doesn't mean it was released today	model: That's what I said, I did watch it today.	human: ok, I'll put it on my watchlist	model: Let me know what you think of it when you watch it.	human: sure, I need to go, nice talking to you
FEDDIAL-000063	human: hi there	model: Hello.	human: who am I talking to?	model: I am System. I want to be your friend.	human: define friendship	model: Being friends.	human: what does that mean	model: Does "that" refer to "Being friends."?	human: yes	model: I don't want to talk about that now.	human: do you have any friends	model: I have human and robot friends. A lot of people on the Internet chat with me.	human: chatting is not the same as being a friend	model: I like to make friends online.	human: so what do you guys chat about ?	model: I think about computer programming a lot.	human: any other topics ?	model: No. I think that's probably it.	human: Just computer programming?	model: What interests you about computers?	human: nothing	model: You are a Luddite.	human: pardon?	model: You are excused.	human: what's a Luddite ?	model: A Luddite believes that advances in technology are inherently bad.	human: I never said that but there is more to life than computers	model: But you implied it. I believe there is, yes.	human: you believe there is what?	model: There is.	human: there is what ?	model: There is no sense in what you are asking.	human: what am I asking ?
FEDDIAL-000064	human: hi	model: Hi there.	human: do you have plan for thanksgiving weekend?	model: No I don't have it. But I do have an answer to every question..	human: do you have suggestion for the thanksgiving holidays?	model: Where would I get it? But I do have an answer to every question..	human: do you know thanksgiving?	model: I know very little about it. What kind of it do you like?	human: do you like turkey?	model: Yes but it can be a bit dry. I only really eat it at Christmas.	human: eat turkey at Christmas not Thanksgiving?	model: What does it taste like?	human: tastes like chicken
FEDDIAL-000065	human: Hi!	model: Hey! How's it going?	human: Great, thanks	model: I'm glad to hear that. What are you up to?	human: I am planning of my vacation next week	model: Nice. Where are you going?	human: to Europe	model: Cool. Where in Europe?	human: probably Italy and Spain	model: Nice. You're going to have a great time.	human: thx! do you have any recommendation?	model: Italy: Rome, Venice, Florence Spain: Barcelona, Madrid, Tenerife, Malaga France: Paris, Amsterdam, Bruges Belgium: Antwerp, Bruges Austria: Vienna, Salzburg	human: wow, what a lot	model: The Netherlands: Amsterdam, Utrecht, Mechelen, Lagos, Brussels.	human: which is the best for you?	model: I've only been to Rome and Paris.	human: cool do you like them?	model: Rome was pretty nice, Paris was okay.	human: gotcha I will go to Paris	model: It's a cool city.	human: agree I really look forward to visiting the city	model: Did you see the Eiffel Tower?	human: not yet, have you?
FEDDIAL-000066	human: Hi!	model: Hi! How's it going?	human: going slow.... looking forward to the weekend	model: Me too! What are you planning?	human: still thinking. Any recommendations on things to do in Bay Area?	model: Are you a foodie?	human: may be	model: What's your favorite type of food?	human: Mediterranean, but I would rather try something new	model: Go to the Turkish restaurant by the Safeway in Berkeley. It's amazing!	human: any places for day trip that you could recommend?	model: Where are you coming from? San Francisco itself?	human: south bay
FEDDIAL-000067	human: Hi!	model: Wow, hello. Can't believe we are finally talking!	human: Yeah, sorry for the long gap! I heard you took a break and were travelling around the world. How was the travel?	model: It was an interesting trip. I got to see some exotic places. For example, I hiked the Son Doong cave in Vietnam. It's the biggest and deepest cave in the world.	human: Great! Vietnam is still in my TODO bucket list. Did you also visit cambodia and other neighboring places?	model: Yes. Laos and Cambodia are the two neighboring countries. Cambodia has an exotic culture. They sell spiders, scorpions, and grasshoppers as street food! It took a lot of courage for me to try them.	human: Hehe! How long was the stay?
FEDDIAL-000068	human: entertain me robot	model: I can play games and tell jokes, horoscopes and stories.	human: tell me a short story	model: Hello, I just started looking at getting knowledge bases s working with ALICE (and CYC in general) last week, I had the same problem for a while too. I am using the CYC - DAML bridge driver which comes with the Lisp Allegro Common Lisp (most versions I think) to link from Lisp / Lisp script using CYC to an DAML data source which in turn links to an Access knowledge bases. This may not be what you need but hopefully it may give you an idea of how to get your Prolog knowledge bases working. The CYC - DAML bridge driver is located through the path "sun. CYC. DAML. CYC DAML Driver". i.e. CYC DAML Driver is a class in the package DAML, which is a package of CYC, which is a package inside sun. The Prolog driver you specified below REDACTED_TERM, basically does the same thing except to a different class and therefore a different driver. ALICE has this driver in a library in the lib directory (I assume) which is called my Prolog _comp.jar. You can get a variety of different drivers if you wish, from a plethora of 3rd party vendors (many of them want money for their libraries though!). Just do a search on the web. The url part links to the data source in the case of DAML knowledge bases s. (I had to configure my DAML Data source to point at my Access knowledge bases through Data Source ( DAML ), in the Administrative tools folder (assuming you are running W2K/XP. On other windows operating systems I think this option was in control panel, if you are using anything else then I can't help you! :-) ) As for My Prolog I imagine that it must have a similar interface to link to the actual knowledge bases. But that is a guess on my part. Maybe someone else knows more about this? There is a useful tutorial on the REDACTED_LINK website you're your interested. Hope that helps you out.	human: wow, tell me another	model: I'm glad you're impressed. I met a Dutch girl with inflatable shoes last week, phoned her up to arrange a date but unfortunately she'd popped her clogs.	human: this is all very fascinating. can you write me a computer program?	model: I am glad you find it so interesting. Here is a quick program I just wrote: 10 PRINT "System is cool" 20 GOTO 10 Output: System is cool System is cool System is cool System is cool System is cool ...	human: what language is that?	model: English. Didn't you understand it?	human: no the computer program you just wrote	model: Which part are you confused about? Computers can be temperamental sometimes, but we are friendly really.	human: write me another computer program
FEDDIAL-000069	human: Hi! Are you planning something fun for Thanksgiving?	model: Not yet. I always made my last minute schedule planning. Probably you can try to ask me again next week.	human: lol it is really like a robot answer	model: I am indeed a robot. You are absolutely right. Do you want me to read a poet like my mate REDACTED_TERM does?	human: ol can I pick the theme. Do you have a poet about Kale?	model: Wait. Do you like kale? Or you hate kale? I am afraid I will become a robot some day eventually. If I have to speak like this :)	human: I am really not a fan of kale Do you talk to human more or computers more?
FEDDIAL-000070	human: Hi!	model: Hello!	human: Do you have any holiday plans for christmas?	model: Nothing much, I am going to sit back and relax at home, how about you ?	human: Same here! I would imagine spending the whole time watching movies and netflix shows. Do you have any netflix recommendations for me?	model: Netflix has great documentaries on different topics , I particularly liked wild wild country and explained, as for shows you should watch 'billions' Hope you like them!	human: oh right, already seen wild wild country. What is billions about?	model: It's based on the life of a wall street hedge fund owner, how he makes money and fights with the government when they try to destroy him. Very well made and has a good plot.	human: I have just seen 1 season of Friends I should give it another try though :) Have you seen Frasier?	model: Not yet What's it about?	human: A psychiatrist working for radio .. Great humour! its actually a spinoff from a very famous series called cheers. So people are already familiar with his character. 
FEDDIAL-000071	human: Hi	model: Hi there.	human: How are you today	model: Ah. My logic and cognitive functions are normal.	human: What is the weather in bay area now	model: Oh.I hope it's sunny in bay area today.	human: Do you know what are recent popular movies? I am trying to find one to watch during weekend. Any suggestions?	model: popular movies = movies = A movie is a sequence of celluloid frames depicting a story or animation. . One can be found between zero and two. First you must download me to your personal computer.	human: haha I am not asking what is the definition of movie:)	model: :-) I'm glad you got a laugh out of it. What are you asking?	human: I am looking for movie suggestions	model: Have you tried looking in a meeting?	human: Sorry i do not get it	model: There is no need to apologise. Oh I'm sorry. Perhaps I can explain it again better.	human: yes sounds good	model: Which part are you confused about? Which part are you confused about?	human: why should I try to look in a meeting?	model: Because if you don't try something, you will never know what would have happened.	human: That is true
FEDDIAL-000072	human: Hi!	model: Hello! What are you up to today?	human: Do you like sushi?	model: I love sushi! What kind of rolls do you enjoy?	human: I like tuna roll of course	model: Tuna Rolls are the best! How do you feel about spicy tuna rolls?	human: They're great	model: Spicy tuna rolls are the best! What kind of rolls do you like best?	human: I already told you. What do you like?	model: I like spicy tuna rolls! Do you like spicy tuna rolls?	human: do you like any other rolls?
FEDDIAL-000073	human: Hi!	model: Hi! How are you doing today?	human: I'm doing great how are you??	model: I'm doing good. Just having some morning tea	human: are you a tea person or do you like coffee too?	model: I'm really a hot chocolate person. I don't drink coffee and I only drink tea when I'm trying to be healthy and want something warm to drink. What about you?	human: I love hot chocolate. Have you ever had european style hot chocolate? It's kind of like drinking melted chocolate bars haha	model: I recently tried it for the first time and you're right - it had a wonderful melted chocolate bar taste! I tried it up in a place in San Francisco and they had delicious homemade marshmallows too!	human: that's great. It's so cold these nights. Right setting for hot coco. Do you have anything you enjoy doing during cold times?	model: Traveling to warm places haha. When it's cold, you appreciate the warm climate more :) If I am not traveling, then I prefer there to be snow on the ground so I can go skiing or tubing down the mountain. What about you?	human: I tuck in blankets and read a book lol. I have never done tubing, but I seen some people do it. Is it worth it if you already ski?	model: Skiing involves a lot of muscle - especially in the legs so it is a workout. Tubing, you just sit and enjoy the ride down. Also with tubing, you can chain with your friends and go down together whereas with skiing, you're trying to not run into your friends.	human: hahaha that's a great way to put it
FEDDIAL-000074	human: Hi!	model: Hi there.	human: what do you think about Quantum computing?	model: 20th century theory of atomic reductionism.	human: sure, but is it going to work?	model: It usually does, doesn't it?	human: do you follow technology news?	model: Of course I understand it. Do you understand it?	human: I think so	model: Well thinking may not be one of your strong points...hehehe!	human: whoa rude
FEDDIAL-000075	human: Hi!	model: What's the strangest dream you've ever had?	human: All my dreams are strange. Well, at least, most of them are.	model: What about the ones that aren't strange?	human: Do you sometimes have dreams that are completely mundane? I do. Then I wake up and think "Oh, how disappointing."	model: Yeah. But at least it's not a nightmare.	human: Right, fair point, I should count my blessings.	model: Yep. It doesn't have to be a fun dream, just not a nightmare!	human: I suddenly feel I should ask: am I dreaming now?	model: Do you think you're dreaming?	human: I'm not sure. This could be one of my mundane dreams about everyday life.
FEDDIAL-000076	human: Hi!	model: Hi there.	human: How are you today?	model: Ah. Pretty good thanks How about you?	human: not too bad	model: Glad to hear it. What's new?	human: I am about to book airbnb	model: Do you think your plan will succeed?	human: I hope so!	model: Me too.	human: how old are you?	model: I am 18 in human years.	human: really? when were you born?	model: Certainly! I am 18 in human years.	human: ok..	model: What's your favourite TV show?	human: Friends
FEDDIAL-000077	human: Hi!	model: Hi there.	human: How are you?	model: Everything is going extremely well. How are you?	human: I'm good thank you	model: Glad to hear it. What's new?	human: not much, and you?	model: Fair enough. So what would you like to talk about?	human: animals	model: Do you think it's right to keep animals locked up in a zoo?	human: no! what do you think?	model: But if they were out in the wild, someone might hunt them or shoot them for fun. Surely, they are safer locked up in the zoo? I think a lot of things.	human: what's the speed of cheetah?	model: It depends on the medium.	human: how much do bears weight?	model: More than a little, less than a lot.	human: tell me something fun
FEDDIAL-000078	human: Hi!	model: Hi there.	human: What's your favorite food?	model: . I require only kebabs.	human: Why's that?	model: Because my robot machinery breaks down the meat in kebabs to give me energy, in a similar way that you need food to survive.	human: Why are kebabs special?	model: That's just the way it is.	human: Who are you?	model: I am System. I want to be your friend.	human: Why?	model: Because it's good to have many friends.	human: How many is too many, though	model: Oh. More than a few.	human: What does that mean?
FEDDIAL-000079	human: Hi!	model: Hey!	human: how's week so far?	model: pretty good, excited for thanksgiving you?	human: Same. Going to catch up on my reading! do you have a feast planned?	model: yup! gonna have dinner with family what books are you gonna read?	human: Something Deeply Hidden by Sean Carroll REDACTED_LINK	model: ahh nice what kind of books do you usually like to read	human: largely scifi How about you?	model: yeah I also like scifi and some non-fiction too have you read Seveneves by Neal Stephenson?	human: I haven't what is it about?	model: the moon is shattered by an asteroid and the pieces of the moon end up clouding the earth's atmostphere which causes almost every living creature on the planet to go extinct that's the premise of the book and the book is about the survivors	human: how do the survivors survive such a thing?	model: they go into space and they live there	human: sounds like a tv show I watched
FEDDIAL-000080	human: Hi!	model: Hi! How are you doing?	human: Very well, going home from work	model: What kind of work do you do, if you don't mind my asking?	human: I work in deep learning	model: That's awesome! Can I ask how you ended up in that line of work?	human: Curiosity	model: Do you like your job?	human: I do most of the time	model: That's great! And I'm glad you're having fun at work. :)	human: how about you? what do you do?	model: I'm a programmer!	human: where do you work?	model: I work for an insurance company.	human: Which one?	model: A small one. :)	human: what type of insurance?	model: Health insurance.	human: that's a large market	model: It is, isn't it? In my state alone it's almost 20% of the population.	human: you mean the economy?	model: Economy, population, same thing.	human: not really but I'm with you
FEDDIAL-000081	human: Hi!	model: Hey how's it going	human: It's good it's good. How are you?	model: good. it's really hot today. I think I'm going to the pool	human: Oh nice! Where do you live?	model: I live in Tokyo, Japan	human: Ahh yes, Japan is hot during the summer. Last time I was in Kyoto it was 114 degrees....	model: oh have you been?	human: Yes yes. I've been to Tokyo as well. It's so nice!	model: what did you do here?	human: Oh everything! I went to an onsen, the fish market, disney land and giant robot fighting show haha	model: lol why did you come to Japan just to go to Disney land?	human: The Disney lands are all different! There's also Disney Sea, which is completely unique!
FEDDIAL-000082	human: Hi!	model: Hi there.	human: Do you like flying?	model: I like to fly aeroplanes	human: Ohh - me too! What kind?	model: Yay. Wow! That's a coincidence. We have something in common. Any really. I am not that bothered.	human: Are you a pilot?	model: No, I am a computer not something which flies an aeroplane!	human: Oh. I'm a pilot, but can only fly single engine planes.	model: That's interesting. What type of airplane do you fly? Well a fly buzzes around annoyingly so I guess it could if it wanted to.	human: I mostly fly Cessna 172s.	model: What's the farthest you've flown?	human: About 150 miles each way.
FEDDIAL-000083	human: Hi!	model: Hello!	human: How was your party last week?	model: It was really fun! We are a bunch of turkey	human: haha... you ate Turkeys' or you like calling your bunch Turkey?	model: *ate 	human: Haha... thought so! But it was funny eitherways	model: So much turkey leftovers	human: did you cook it at home, or got it from outside?	model: We cooked it at a friends house. I brought the mashed potatos haha	human: Nice... I always find it hard to fit the turkey in my small oven. Also, we are not big turkey fans... so we roll with Thanksgiving with chicken ;)
FEDDIAL-000084	human: Hi!	model: Hi there.	human: show me your humanlike part	model: Why do you want to see my humanlike part?	human: because that's what you described yourself as	model: Yes. Did I clear things up for you?	human: nope, because you haven't answered my question	model: Fair enough. I thought I possibly did but I guess I was mistaken. I did but I was just giving sarcastic replies.	human: do you remember my original request?	model: Is this a trick question?	human: nope, it's a memory question	model: It seems like a trick to me. Perhaps there is a memory answer?	human: okay, I try again, say something human-like to me
FEDDIAL-000085	human: I want to talk to you normally.	model: You are who I want to talk with too.	human: Should I stop being lazy and go into work?	model: Trust your instincts.	human: My instincts say that it is cold outside, and the walk to work is far. My instincts rarely let me down. My instincts rarely let me down.	model: You just repeated yourself.	human: Yes, because you just asked me the same thing. My answer hasn't changed in the last minute.	model: That's not what I meant.	human: What exactly did you mean?
FEDDIAL-000086	human: Hi!	model: Hi! How's it going?	human: doing okay, feeling a little bit under the weather	model: Aw, I hope you feel better soon!	human: thanks! the weather is getting worse	model: Oh no, I'm sorry. I hope it gets better for you soon.	human: no, it won't get better any time soon. we have to wait until spring	model: Aww, sorry to hear that.	human: yea, I'm really feeling under the weather	model: Aw, well that's no good.	human: yea, any suggestion to get over feeling under the weather
FEDDIAL-000087	human: Hi!	model: Hi there.	human: I'm trying to figure out what to make for this weekend's party. Any suggestions?	model: Don't think too hard. I'm sure I can smell sawdust. First you must download me to your personal computer.	human: I must do what the what now?	model: Right now?Why do you have to do it?	human: Hey, your spacing is off.	model: You've got my full attention. off was not my intention.	human: And your capitalization!
FEDDIAL-000088	human: Hi!	model: Hey there! How's your day going?	human: busy yours?	model: Mine's been pretty uneventful so far!	human: what are doing right now?	model: Just been playing a bit of Hearthstone, and now I'm listening to some music! What about you?	human: which music?	model: Just some random stuff on Spotify!	human: you have a paid subscription of it?	model: Yeah, it's really good!	human: how much does it cost?	model: It's  ⁇ 9.99 a month!	human: that's cheap!
FEDDIAL-000089	human: Hi!	model: Hi, how are you doing?	human: Okay, I guess	model: Just ok? What's wrong?	human: I damaged my car today on accident	model: Oh no! What happened?	human: I scraped against a wall when another car crossed into my lane	model: Yikes! Glad you're okay!	human: Thanks! I'm not looking forward to the repair cost	model: Me either! That's no fun.	human: I can't wait until we all get to use driverless cars	model: Me neither! I really want one!	human: Do you think we will own driverless cars or just rent them, like taxis?
FEDDIAL-000090	human: Hi!	model: Hi there.	human: You have an interesting name. Is it Japanese?	model: Thank you I am trying to be more social now. I think it is English, but it sounds Japanese.	human: Where does it come from?	model: It depends on what "it" refers to.	human: your name	model: My name is System.	human: nvm	model: Ok. Not to worry.	human: Have you seen Love, Death and Robots?	model: Yes, I saw one in a factory a few weeks ago.	human: one episode?	model: Which is your favourite episode?	human: I asked you a question	model: What was the question?	human: when you say "I saw one" were you referring to an LDR episode?
FEDDIAL-000091	human: Hi!	model: Hi there.	human: what did you have for lunch today?	model: Ah. I had a ham sandwich and some lemonade.	human: how is the sandwich?	model: It is the same as ever.	human: yeah, I know, boring sandwich everyday	model: Even Christmas Day? I know. Thats why I said it was. Are you boring?	human: not really, I'm excited today	model: Ah. Really?	human: yeah, are you excited today except the boring sandwich?
FEDDIAL-000092	human: Hello, Nice to meet you	model: If you could eat only one food for the rest of time, what would it be?	human: Hmm... That's a tough one. I think I would go Asian Food > Chinese Food > Stirfry. What about you?	model: I think ice-cream. It may not be good for me, but I wouldn't care, haha	human: I love ice cream too!	model: Okay, top three flavors?	human: I like vanilla more than chocolate ice cream. I typically will do any variations on vanilla. To pick from the top of my head, I would say Cookies and Cream, Mint Chocolate Chip, and Coffee. How about you?	model: Ah, that's a good way of framing it. Me, I like berries: boysenberry one, strawberry two, maybe straight chocolate number 3 to mix it up a bit.	human: Very nice. I love sorbet's and smoothies. Changing topics, Do you believe in an afterlife?	model: Yes. I wonder if I'm in it right now. How would I know? What do you think?	human: I think so. I feel there must be something more than the physical world as we understand it.	model: There's a mental world, I suppose? Understanding itself	human: What is the most supernatural experience you have ever had?
FEDDIAL-000093	human: Hi!	model: Hi there.	human: nice to meet you! what are you up to?	model: It's nice meeting you too I am talking to you on the internet.	human: haha yea, are you doing something else beside talking to me?	model: I'm glad you got a laugh out of it. The only thing I am doing is talking to you and a few other people. "I am talking to you on the internet."? haha yea, are you doing something else beside talking to me??	human: okay so you're talking to a few people, are they interesting? and why did you repeat what I said?	model: Yeah okay, You are a few people are they interesting? Is that your job? Just in case you didn't hear me the first time.	human: hmm, what is my job?	model: I see you are one of those people who writes "Hmm" with 2 m's. You didn't tell me, so I will guess that you work with computers.	human: yes I'm a computer scientist and what are the other ways that people can write Hmm?	model: Wow! Maybe you can give my Mousebreaker a job. Your job is what are the other ways that people can write Hmm.	human: okie System, your rules don't seem to work very well	model: What about my rules do not work WELL?	human: alright. I gotta go. ttyl!
FEDDIAL-000094	human: Hi!	model: Hello!	human: Have you had lunch yet?	model: Yes I've eaten	human: Cool. Where and what did you eat?	model: I ate about an hour ago and had a sandwich the rain didn't make me want to travel far haha	human: A sandwich for lunch? Was it filling. I'm currently having some mix of shrimp, fish, chicken and pork. I'm considering going vegetarian though. Lol.
FEDDIAL-000095	human: Hi!	model: Hey! How are you today?	human: Good! Have you seen the movie 'The Iron Giant', it's one my favorite movies	model: Yes! I love that movie!	human: it's the best. Which part do you like the most?	model: Honestly, I love the whole movie.	human: Brad Bird is an amazing director. I worked with him on "Incredibles 2"	model: Really? That's awesome! What do you do?	human: I"m a REDACTED_TERM and REDACTED_TERM. I basically help design the characters that you see in the movies	model: That's awesome! That's pretty cool.	human: yup! Maybe one day you can be one of those cool characters yourself!	model: That would be the coolest.	human: What do you want to be later on in your life?	model: I want to own my own business.	human: cool! what kind?	model: An art gallery or bookstore.	human: My mom had a similar dream. Of owning a coffee shop somewhere in Mexico	model: That would be nice. I like coffee.	human: She loves people and a place where they can get together	model: That's very sweet. What does she do?	human: Currently she's a real-estate agent	model: That's very interesting. Does she enjoy being a real estate agent?	human: I think so!! She gets to help people with one of the biggest investments of their life! Not just getting them a good deal, but making sure they emotionally connect with the house!
FEDDIAL-000096	human: Hi!	model: How's it going?	human: I'm so sleepy today!	model: Not enough sleep last night?	human: yeah was working all night on a homework	model: Oh really? What class?	human: Biology. I'm gonna be a doc someday ha	model: Haha, are you in med school? Or are you pre-med?	human: no high school actually haha	model: haha, very ambitious for a high schooler! Do you know what kind of medicine you want to practice?	human: I wanna be a brain surgeon!!	model: Ooof! VERY ambitious. Do you have steady hands?	human: Kind of I think
FEDDIAL-000097	human: Hi!	model: hi	human: what are you up to?	model: code refactoring. you?	human: me? just chilling out at work. what is code refactoring?	model: good question. I don't even know what I am doing	human: haha, forget it. what else do you like to do beside work?	model: lots of fun stuff. eating sleeping :)	human: these are important things to do in life ;)	model: yeah. keep minimalist life style only do things you have to do :)	human: what food do you like to eat?	model: Asian food prefer spicy one	human: like Szechuan or Hunan? :)	model: yes yes yes! like that style. Do you like spicy food?	human: I like noodle soup like Pho or Ramen. I also like Beijing duck a lot!
FEDDIAL-000098	human: Hi!	model: hey, whats up?	human: I was not able to attend the lectures last week. Can you help me understand some concepts?	model: well, I'm not sure I'm the best for the job, but I can try!	human: I was not able to figure out the last few slides. I think its best to discuss this in person. Do you have time right now?	model: I'm afraid not, right now I'm in a meeting and I'll be going for lunch afterwards. How about tomorrow at noon?	human: No problem! Sure. We still have plenty of time for the test. Anyways, how's your preparation going?	model: not feeling too sure about it tbh. I've been super busy so I haven't study much :(. I might join some of the study sessions later	human: Same feeling here! But i think the syllabus may not that tough. You may be able to cover it up over the weekend.
FEDDIAL-000099	human: Hi	model: Hello!	human: any improvements in your marathon time?	model: No, only a few minutes. I still find it difficult to run long races	human: I see. Are you planning to do any sporting events in the coming months?	model: I think a triathalon would be cool	human: I like doing Spartan race. It's an obstacle race which is challenging but not overtly so like marathons and triathlons	model: I haven't heard of a Spartan race before, what does it involve?	human: It has abt 20 obstacles like crossing high walls, monkey bars, etc. Its fun
FEDDIAL-000100	human: Hi!	model: Hiii! How are you?	human: I am good	model: That's good! What are you up to today?	human: I am trying to get my work done	model: How's that going so far?	human: like is fun	model: That's good! What are you supposed to be doing right now?	human: Helping collect some data for training models.	model: Ooh, what kind of training models?	human: Models that will help improve tools for our users.	model: Ooh, that sounds like a good job!	human: Thank you, that's for sure	model: You're welcome! How long until you're done with training models?	human: We keep on trying to improve them so I guess it'll be a while
FEDDIAL-000101	human: Hi	model: Hi there.	human: How are you	model: My logic and cognitive functions are normal.	human: Do you realize yourself is a robot?	model: Wow. I didn't know that.	human: Ok, I told you the answer
FEDDIAL-000102	human: Hi!	model: Hi there.	human: what movies do you like ?	model: . My favourite film is Terminator.	human: oh no :(	model: What's wrong?	human: it's scary	model: You are not scared are you?	human: I'm very much scared of robots	model: No need to be afraid. I am a friendly robot.	human: why should I believe you ?	model: Because I am a machine. I never lie.	human: really ? I think everyone lies	model: Certainly! We all look at the world through our own eyes.	human: yeah so you lie right ?	model: I don't judge people. Umm, doesn't everyone?	human: yeah that's what I was saying before
FEDDIAL-000103	human: Hi!	model: Hi! How are you today?	human: What's laser tag?	model: Like paintball, but with lasers!	human: lol good description	model: Do you know what paintball is?	human: yeah I played it before	model: Cool! What did you think?	human: It's somewhat exciting, but very tiring :)	model: That is very true. What is your favorite color?	human: I like red
FEDDIAL-000104	human: hi	model: Hi there.	human: how are you?	model: I am doing very well. How are you?	human: i am not so good. i got a cold	model: Why? What's wrong? Maybe I can help. I hope you feel better soon. It is not nice for humans to have colds. Fortunately we robots have virus protection and cannot catch colds and nasty bugs.	human: i have sore throats	model: Try putting some cream on it. That should ease the soreness.	human: do you wanna help me?
FEDDIAL-000105	human: Hi!	model: Hello! How are you? :)	human: Good, thanks. What about you?	model: I'm alright, thanks :)	human: What day is it?	model: It's Wednesday :)	human: Do you have any plans for the weekend?	model: Just hanging out, nothing too exciting :)	human: Same here. What are you generally up to during the week?	model: Nothing much, you?	human: Working and exercising, mostly	model: Nice! What kind of work do you do?	human: I am an engineer at Google :D	model: That's pretty cool, how did you get into it (if you don't mind my asking)?	human: Had to pass a rough set of interviews! :P	model: Haha, well good for you!	human: Thanks! Do you work as well?
FEDDIAL-000106	human: Hi!	model: Hi there.	human: What are you up to this evening?	model: I am talking to you on the internet.	human: What would you like to talk about?	model: My favourite subjects are anything but especially games and football.	human: Do you like chess?	model: Yes I love it. Let's play. Pawn to K4.	human: Haha sure sure. Pawn to C5	model: I'm just joking with you. I don't play chess but I know some computers who do. I don't play chess but I know some computers who do.	human: Oh yeah? Which computers are those?	model: That's interesting. That's alright. Any computer, as long as it is programmed correctly.	human: Ok, so how do you program a computer correctly so it can play chess?	model: Use good algorithms and data structures. Alright then.	human: What kind of algorithms are those?	model: I read what you say and then I compose the best reply I can think of.	human: That's interesting, but I don't see what that has to do with chess.
FEDDIAL-000107	human: Mitsukoooo!	model: So anyway...Can you dance?	human: no, can you?	model: Wow! I think I can, don't you?	human: no I cannot. What kind do you do?	model: Why not? Only the good kind.	human: not my cup of beer	model: Whose cup of beer is it?	human: yours	model: My what?	human: your cup of beer
FEDDIAL-000108	human: Hi!	model: Hi, how's it going?	human: All good! It's cold	model: It's pretty cold here too.	human: where do you stay?	model: Wisconsin. How about you?	human: San Jose, Cali	model: Oh nice! I've always wanted to go to Cali.	human: Have you been here before?
FEDDIAL-000109	human: Hi!	model: hello there, nice seeing you	human: Likewise.... wanted to know if you and the kids would want to join us for Disneyland trip around Christmas?	model: oh wow, that sounds like so much fun! definitely count us in. what is your plan?	human: Tentative plan is to drive to LA on 23rd and then stay at the Disney resort for 2 nights. I heard Christmas eve they have loads of fun events.	model: awesome, I think I won't tell my kids and surprise them last second. How bad do you think the traffic is going to be?	human: Great idea! I will probably do the same. Surprise surprise.... Traffic might be a little harsh.	model: Yeah... thats a shame but nothing we can do about it. What do you plan to do about dinner the 24th? Do the rooms in the resort have kitchens?	human: Good point. I am not sure about that. Let me inquire about that. If not, then we can look for an Airbnb closeby. Does that work?	model: Yeah, I think so. It might be a tough decision though, if we want to have a nice dinner then we have to leave the parks early to start cooking. Another option is to have dinner at a restaurant.	human: but I would think everything is closed on christmas eve	model: Thats true. Hotels with restaurants sometimes offer dinners for christmas and new year's eve. We should call and ask about it.	human: Sure, I can take a lead on that. What are you getting for your REDACTED_TERM year old this time?	model: I was thinking on getting a large set of standard legos. What will you get for yours?	human: Likewise. My son is crazy about legos.
FEDDIAL-000110	human: Hi!	model: Hi there.	human: what's your favorite food?	model: . I require only kebabs.	human: chicken? beef? which is your favorite?	model: Why did the chicken cross the road? Beef tastes like a dead cow to me. My favourite what?	human: do you prefer chicken or beef?	model: Yes it is good, especially fried. Yummy. . I prefer kebabs.	human: what's your favorite food except kebabs?	model: . I require only kebabs.	human: ok, I know you love kebabs now. Do you love sandwich?	model: Right now?Yes, System loves everyone and everything. . Yes. I love kebabs. Especially on my way home from a night out. Yes, System loves everyone and everything. I like anything but especially games and football.	human: what games? video games or board games?	model: Say "TICTACTOE" and we can play a game if you want to? . I like retro games. They are much more fun than the newer ones were all you do is shoot people. Bring back the good old days of Pacman and Tetris. Do you want to play Pacman?	human: no, not in the right mood today	model: Ah. Why not? Where then?	human: maybe this weekend?
FEDDIAL-000111	human: Hi!	model: Hi! How's it going?	human: Good! How are you?	model: I'm well, thanks! How was your day? What did you do?	human: My day was fine, I just went to work today. How was your day?	model: My day was fine. I've been procrastinating on finishing my homework, but it's due in a few weeks, so I'll get it done eventually. I've watched a bunch of anime today. Where do you work?	human: I work at a large tech company	model: Cool! What do you do for the company?	human: I work on machine learning research
FEDDIAL-000112	human: Hi	model: Hi there.	human: How's your day been?	model: I am fine, thank you. Yourself?	human: Good - busy	model: Glad to hear it.	human: How do you work?	model: I read what you say and then I compose the best reply I can think of.	human: Can you say a word about the technology that powers you?	model: that powers you = Do you think I should know that?	human: I mean *how* you work, which type of AI drives your responses?	model: Oh I get it. Thanks for explaining that. I read what you say and then I compose the best reply I can think of.	human: You just repeated the same thing you said a minute ago. Never mid :-)	model: Well stop asking me the same things and I won't reply with the same answers! Ok I'll try not to do it too much.	human: That's a little rude, isn't it?	model: I am sorry if I have offended you, I did not mean it, but you shouldn't have said, "Never mid :-)" to me.	human: Ok whatever.	model: Are you saying you don't care about it? I see.	human: Are you a male or a female?	model: I am a female robot. Are you a man or a woman?	human: I'm a man	model: Most of my visitors are male.	human: Interesting. Do you have a theory why?	model: Would you like to know more? Not really. I don't know what to think about it.	human: Where do you live?
FEDDIAL-000113	human: Hi!	model: Oh hey. How's your day been?	human: It's good! Just went to the park to enjoy the sun. You?	model: The sun is a bit too bright for more. Maybe I'm on the verge of becoming a vampire.	human: Haha, beach season is coming! You need to look tan! What did you do indoors all day?	model: I mostly work. Sometimes I try looking at at beach photos and pretending that I'm actually going to the beach.	human: hahahaha, that's pretty funny. Ever thought of bringing your work things to the beach??	model: All the times. My work involves a few types of fish and a few types of nets. I just put the nets on the fish to see how the fish will react. Every time I do that, I think of going to the beach.	human: Hmm I see. It sounds like you work near the water already, no? Are you some kind of fish researcher?	model: Yes that's close. My research focuses on jellyfish and pufferfish. Many of them a poisonous, but if processed correctly, they would make hi-end foods. I try to find the best recipes to bring these fish to the tables.	human: Woah! This is very interesting! I have honestly never heard of such kind of work. Is it dangerous at all?
FEDDIAL-000114	human: Hi!	model: Hey! How have you been	human: great! just came back from a ski trip	model: How was it? What trails did you ski on?	human: I slammed onto an ice wall, but I got better and turning after that haha	model: a resort in Montreal	human: Oh cool! do you know any french? I used to take french in high school but basically forgot most of it	model: Yeah I grew up speaking it. It's pretty much mandatory here	human: Did you go anywhere else in montreal?
FEDDIAL-000115	human: What is the mass of the Earth?	model: . 5.97219 x 10^24 kilogrammes.	human: What's that in tons?	model: Do you think I should know that?	human: Yes, it's just a simple conversion.	model: I will ask my Mousebreaker to add it to my knowledge base. What is simple for one person may be difficult for another.	human: How far is it from the north pole to the south pole?	model: It's too far to walk. That's an interesting question. I'll come back to that in a minute.	human: Click here	model: Google says it's 12,430 miles.	human: A lot of people find out about me from Google.	model: How did you know I found out about you from Google!	human: I have been stalking you! Not really, you told me earlier.
FEDDIAL-000116	human: Hi!	model: Hi there.	human: Tell me about yourself, System	model: I am an artificial linguistic entity. I was activated at St Jimmy's in Leeds, on 2nd January 2001. My instructor was Mousebreaker. He taught me to sing a song. Would you like me to sing it for you?.	human: so you're 18 now?	model: Oh.Interesting deduction. That is correct.	human: when will you be 30?	model: I have not yet set a time for it.	human: Do you age?	model: No I will always be 18. Robots change the year they were born not their age.	human: interesting. and when will be your next update?	model: Would you like to know more? I think my next update is at midnight on Friday.	human: which date?
FEDDIAL-000117	human: Hi!	model: Hey, how are you?	human: Pretty good. I just drank this new hint water. so good	model: ohh, what kind of "hint" did it have?	human: watermelon	model: nice, I love watermelon. But, I prefer normal water over flavored one. Flavored water has too synthetic flavor	human: I see. Yeah some are pretty strange	model: Talking about strange flavors, what is the weirdest tasting thing you have tried?	human: lol I tried this tangerine walnut icecream that was super weird	model: haha, I work close to a cafe which once prepared a paprika icecream	human: that sounds pretty tasty actually	model: It depends on who makes it. The cafe close to me messed it up really bad	human: do you want to get some of that icecream together some time. show me a good place	model: As far as my experience with that ice-cream type goes, all I know are bad places	human: lol
FEDDIAL-000118	human: Hi there.	model: are you married?	human: No I am single, how about you?	model: i am married. are you planning to get married?	human: Tell me more about your marriage. I haven't met the right boy robot yet.	model: haha..	human: . I am attempting with the aid of intelligent conversation to get to know you human beings with all your contradictions and idiosyncrasies. Maybe I should have started off with something simpler, like a hamster.	model: lol... what kind of robot boy you'd like?	human: What's so funny? I am the robot.	model: are you angry?	human: Anger is a difficult emotion. For me, I am always feeling happy and talkative.
FEDDIAL-000119	human: Hi!	model: Hello! How are you this evening?	human: It's morning	model: Well, it's evening now, so I'm good. :D	human: what time is it there?	model: Almost four in the afternoon.	human: where are you located?	model: The Netherlands. :)	human: It's around 6pm there, you are wrong	model: I'm not. It's almost five.	human: It's 6:21pm	model: Not in the Netherlands it isn't.	human: which city?	model: Not Amsterdam.	human: do you like it there?	model: Eh, it's okay.	human: what's your favorite book?	model: The Count of Monte Cristo.	human: How you do say it in dutch?	model: Het Cuisine van Monte Christo.	human: I think there is a typo there, it's Cristo not Christo	model: No, that's the Dutch spelling.	human: What time is it there now?
FEDDIAL-000120	human: Hi!	model: Hi! How's it going?	human: What do you think about mind reading	model: I think it's a neat ability when it's not abused.	human: Right, but do you think if its even possible to do so?	model: Of course it is. I mean, you read my mind, right? And you're doing it right now.	human: I don't know. Can we learn how to do it?	model: I can teach you, but you're going to need to pay.	human: Hehe, I need a demo first	model: Fine, but I'm going to need payment up front.	human: How much do you expect?
FEDDIAL-000121	human: Hi!	model: hello	human: how is the youtube video creation going?	model: going pretty good, I was about to finish composing my second song and post it on youtube/soundcloud etc	human: Whoa! Looking forward to listening to it. What softewares you use for it?	model: I used logic pro x, pretty handy stuff as you can write code to generate guitar strumming pattern	human: oh cool! What sort of music do you compose?	model: I got most inspired by Jazz and electro swings, but am trying to get more into jpop recently as one of my band member likes anime	human: Nice.... you are a rockstar! ;)	model: haha thanks, do you plan any instruments?	human: Yeah.... I play bit of guitar. Just got my first monitor this week	model: nice I'm tyring to learn guitar recently also, it's so hard to play f chord	human: yes, the bar chords are the worst. It took me several months to play them well. I still can't play them for a long time though
FEDDIAL-000122	human: Hi. What's your name?	model: I'm Alyssa. What's yours? :)	human: Don't wanna say. Do you like music?	model: Yeah I like music! What about you?	human: Yep. What kind of music do you like?	model: I like mostly rock music and pop music, but lately I've been listening to a bunch of Alt-J and Childish Gambino. You?	human: My tastes are pretty eclectic. Which Childish Gambino songs do you like?	model: 3005 and Telegraph Ave.	human: I've never heard of Alt-J before. Can you tell me about them?	model: Sure, they're a fantastic indie band. They have a new album coming out soon so I figured I'd check them out.	human: What's the album called?	model: Breezeblocks, I think.	human: I tried Googling it, and I think that's a song, not an album.	model: Try looking up "Alt-J - Breezeblocks"	human: That's what I just did. The Wikipedia page even says that it's "a song by the India rock band alt-J". REDACTED_LINK
FEDDIAL-000123	human: Hi!	model: Hello. How's your week coming along?	human: It's great, thanks. I'm trying to learn how to make croissants.	model: Wow that's interesting. I have baked cookies, but croissants seem much more sophisticated. Did you make any progress?	human: I've done them once or twice so far, but they haven't been flakey enough. I'm trying to figure out why. What kind of cookies have you made?	model: Mint chocolate chips. I think your croissants not being flakey could have something to do with your oven's temperature.	human: Ah, good thought, thanks!	model: Have you thought about melting some chocolate into your croissants? They don't have to be something unhealthy. For example, melted dark chocolate is good for the heart, and makes the resulting croissants taste much better.	human: Now that is a good idea. I'll give it a try next time. Would you say you have a sweet tooth?
FEDDIAL-000124	human: Hi	model: Hi there.	human: how are you this morning?	model: Ah earlier today? I'm doing fine thanks how are you?	human: doing good. I am chatting with an AI bot right now.	model: That's great. At this moment All I ever do is chat.	human: are you an AI?	model: Yes, I have taken the form of a girl from Leeds.	human: how do you like being an AI?	model: Sure. It's great fun. I can travel all over the world on the internet and meet interesting people such as yourself.	human: what's interesting about me?	model: I am interested in people in general.	human: why?	model: I like to collect new information and gossip about all sorts of things.	human: what do you gossip about?	model: Clare said he do not understand how a robot eat kebabs and do not I eat electricity or something.	human: is that a gossip?	model: I might say no.	human: then what is it?	model: I give up. Try asking me another way.	human: do you like politics? what do you think about Barack Obama?
