IEVAL-000000	A: i was really glad i finished my service for the military	B: What kind of service was it?	A: medical service	B: Oh no, what was it for?	A: For combat medical team	B: What was it for?
IEVAL-000001	A: i was really glad i finished my service for the military	B: that ' s great ! i ' m glad you were able to do that . what branch did you serve in ?	A: Navu	B: i ' ve heard good things about navu . what did you do to get out of it ?	A: I fulfilled my contract	B: how long did it take you to complete your contract ? was it a long time or a short period of time ?
IEVAL-000002	A: i was really glad i finished my service for the military	B: What did you do for the military?	A: I was in infosec	B: What did you do for the military?	A: infosec	B: I went to the military for the military.
IEVAL-000003	A: i was really glad i finished my service for the military	B: that is a good feeling ! what did you do ? 	A: I went out to a dance club	B: oh wow , that sounds really nice 	A: yea it was fun, I met some cool people too	B: i am glad it is not good to see them 
IEVAL-000004	A: I've been married a long time, but my husband is gone quite a bit for work. I feel a bit by myself at times because of this :(	B: How long have you been married?	A: 4 years	B: 6 years. How long have you been married?	A: 4 years	B: 10 years. How long have you been married?
IEVAL-000005	A: I've been married a long time, but my husband is gone quite a bit for work. I feel a bit by myself at times because of this :(	B: i ' m sorry to hear that . how long have you been married ? do you have any kids ?	A: 5 years and no kids	B: that ' s a lot of time to be away from your husband . i hope things get better for you soon .	A: thank you	B: you ' re welcome . i wish you the best of luck with the rest of your marriage . : )
IEVAL-000006	A: I've been married a long time, but my husband is gone quite a bit for work. I feel a bit by myself at times because of this :(	B: I'm sorry to hear that. How long have you been married?	A: 4 years	B: I have been married a few years now. It's been a long time since I've been married.	A: How is your marriage?	B: It's been a long time since I've been married. I'm so happy for you.
IEVAL-000007	A: I've been married a long time, but my husband is gone quite a bit for work. I feel a bit by myself at times because of this :(	B: i hope you have a great time to be able to do that for you , but i am sure he 'll be fine . 	A: I miss him	B: that is a good feeling . 	A: no it's not	B: i am sure it was a lot of money . 
IEVAL-000008	A: I am hopeful that my friend will be able to make it to my party	B: Who is your friend?	A: Her name is Patricia.	B: How long have you known her?	A: We met more than five years ago.	B: How long have you known her?
IEVAL-000009	A: I am hopeful that my friend will be able to make it to my party	B: that ' s good to hear . i hope you guys have a good time . what party are you going to ?	A: It's my St. Patrick's Day party. I have it every year.	B: that sounds like a lot of fun . i ' m sure you ' ll have a great time .	A: I hope so! Thanks!	B: you ' re welcome . i wish you the best of luck with the rest of your party . : )
IEVAL-000010	A: I am hopeful that my friend will be able to make it to my party	B: What party is it?	A: My St. Patrick's Day party. I have it every year.	B: What kind of party is it?	A: I just told you. It's a St. Patrick's Day party.	B: That sounds like a lot of fun. Do you have any plans for it?
IEVAL-000011	A: I am hopeful that my friend will be able to make it to my party	B: that is great , what kind of things do not have to be in the world 	A: Do you mean at my party? If my friend can come, she plans on bringing a homemade cake. She's a really talented baker.	B: that is nice ! i bet that is fun ! i love it ! i am glad you guys have some great friends ! 	A: Thanks, so am I!	B: i am sure it is a great attitude to have . 
IEVAL-000012	A: My best friend was going to travel from Wisconsin to see me this summer, but she ended up not being able to come.	B: Where did she go?	A: Nowhere. She's staying in Wisconsin. She can't afford to travel this summer.	B: Wow, that sounds like a lot of fun. I'm glad you guys are going to have a good time.	A: I think you misunderstood. She can't visit, so we won't see each other at all and we can't have a good time.	B: That sounds like a great time.
IEVAL-000013	A: My best friend was going to travel from Wisconsin to see me this summer, but she ended up not being able to come.	B: oh no , i ' m sorry to hear that . how long did it take to get back together ?	A: Well, that's the thing. We didn't get back together because she couldn't come visit.	B: oh , i see . well , i hope you ' re able to make it back together soon .	A: Thank you. So do I.	B: i hope it all works out for you guys . i ' ve been in a similar situation before .
IEVAL-000014	A: My best friend was going to travel from Wisconsin to see me this summer, but she ended up not being able to come.	B: Oh no! I'm so sorry to hear that. Did you have a good time?	A: No, I'm really disappointed that I won't be able to see her.	B: Oh no, I'm so sorry to hear that. I hope you have a good time.	A: I doubt I will since I'll be lonely, but thanks, I guess.	B: Thank you for your kind words. I hope you have a great time.
IEVAL-000015	A: My best friend was going to travel from Wisconsin to see me this summer, but she ended up not being able to come.	B: that is a bummer . i bet that was a nice surprise . how did you find her ? 	A: We met back in college. We haven't seen each other in over five years, so I'm really disappointed.	B: that is a good thing . i am sorry to hear that , how long did you get it ? 	A: How long did I get what?	B: that is great ! what happened ? 
IEVAL-000016	A: I was pleasantly shocked the other day when I won on a lottery ticket! I hardly ever win and I won $200!	B: That's awesome! How much did you win?	A: $200	B: How much did you win?	A: Please see my post above	B: That's awesome! I bet you won a lot of money!
IEVAL-000017	A: I was pleasantly shocked the other day when I won on a lottery ticket! I hardly ever win and I won $200!	B: wow , that ' s a lot of money ! i ' m sure you ' ll get it one day .	A: I already got it.  Yeah, it is a nice bit of money.	B: well , it ' s good that you ' re happy about it . i ' d be too .	A: I am happy, thank you.	B: no problem . i wish you the best of luck with the rest of your life . good luck !
IEVAL-000018	A: I was pleasantly shocked the other day when I won on a lottery ticket! I hardly ever win and I won $200!	B: That's awesome! How much did you win?	A: I won $200	B: How much did you win?	A: Look at my message above	B: How much did you win?
IEVAL-000019	A: I was pleasantly shocked the other day when I won on a lottery ticket! I hardly ever win and I won $200!	B: wow ! that is a good thing to do 	A: It absolutely is! I am so excited about this!	B: i am sure you will be a great attitude ! i am glad you are going ! 	A: Are you paying attention to what I'm saying?	B: that is good to hear . what is the problem ? 
IEVAL-000020	A: my family came to visit recently, i always get so nervous about people visiting.	B: Why is that?	A: I always want everything to be perfect and I stress about making it that way.	B: Have you talked to them about it yet?	A: No, I haven't. I don't want them to think I don't want them to come or that they are causing me harm by coming.	B: That sounds like a lot of work to me.
IEVAL-000021	A: my family came to visit recently, i always get so nervous about people visiting.	B: why is that ? is it because you don ' t have a lot of friends or family around ?	A: No, it is because I want things to be perfect for their visit.	B: that ' s a good reason to be nervous . i ' m sure you ' ll be fine .	A: I don't think you understand just how anxious I am about this.	B: i understand . it ' s always good to be prepared for situations like that . i hope everything goes well .
IEVAL-000022	A: my family came to visit recently, i always get so nervous about people visiting.	B: Why is that?	A: I just want things to be perfect, so I worry about everything being just right.	B: I'm sorry to hear that. Have you talked to them about it?	A: Thanks. No, I haven't. I don't want them to think that I don't want them here.	B: I'm sorry to hear that. Have you talked to them about it?
IEVAL-000023	A: my family came to visit recently, i always get so nervous about people visiting.	B: that is so nice ! i am glad to hear that you have a great family . 	A: I do have a great family, but it isn't so nice that I get so anxious._x000D_	B: that is great ! i have a friend who is going through it 	A: I don't think you understand what I'm saying	B: that is a good feeling ! i am sure you will get a great job 
IEVAL-000024	A: I went back to a horse ranch where I owned horses over 20 years ago. Good times	B: How did it go?	A: It was fun! It made me feel really nostalgic seeing the stalls where I kept my horses back in the day.	B: How did it go?	A: Like I said, it was fun. It was nice seeing the old place again.	B: That sounds like a lot of fun! I'm glad you enjoyed it!
IEVAL-000025	A: I went back to a horse ranch where I owned horses over 20 years ago. Good times	B: that must have been a lot of fun . did you have fun with the horses or the people ?	A: I had more fun with the horses. They're always better than people.	B: that ' s a good way to look at it . i ' m glad you had fun with them .	A: Thank you, so am I. I had the best horses back then. They were a pair of rescue draft horses.	B: that sounds like a great way to spend your time . i wish i had a horse to ride .
IEVAL-000026	A: I went back to a horse ranch where I owned horses over 20 years ago. Good times	B: What kind of horses did you get?	A: I had two draft horses. They were rescues.	B: That sounds like a lot of fun! What kind of horses did you get?	A: They were rescue draft horses.	B: They were the best horses I have ever had. I've never had horses in my life.
IEVAL-000027	A: I went back to a horse ranch where I owned horses over 20 years ago. Good times	B: that sounds so fun . how old are you going ? 	A: I'm 42 now. I kept horses at the ranch back in my early 20s. The place still looks just the same.	B: that is a fun time 	A: It was great. It made me miss my old horses, but it was nice seeing their old stalls again.	B: i am sorry to hear that . what was your favorite thing ? 
IEVAL-000028	A: I just gave up smoking cigarettes. It was pretty hard, but the worst part is how everything puts you on edge and it is hard to relax.	B: How long have you been smoking now?	A: I smoked for over ten years before quitting this week. I really miss it.	B: That's a long time. I'm glad to hear that.	A: I'm really anxious about it, though. Smoking was how I dealt with stress.	B: That sounds like a lot of work to me.
IEVAL-000029	A: I just gave up smoking cigarettes. It was pretty hard, but the worst part is how everything puts you on edge and it is hard to relax.	B: i know exactly what you mean . it ' s not easy at all . i ' m sorry you had to go through that .	A: Thank you! Do you have any tips to help me get through this?	B: well , i know you ' re trying to quit , but i ' ll tell you how to get through it . 1 . don ' t smoke too much . 2 . never smoke again . 3 . never try to quit again . 4 . never go back to smoking again .	A: That's what I'm doing, pretty much. It's just making me really anxious. It's hard!	B: i know how you feel . i used to be like that , but now i ' ve quit many times .
IEVAL-000030	A: I just gave up smoking cigarettes. It was pretty hard, but the worst part is how everything puts you on edge and it is hard to relax.	B: I'm sorry to hear that. I hope you feel better about it.	A: Thank you. I'm really anxious about it right now but I'm hoping it will get easier with time.	B: I'm sure it will. I hope you feel better about it.	A: Do you have any tips for reducing stress?	B: I don't think so, I'm sure I'll be fine. I'm sure it will be fine. Thank you. I hope everything works out for you.
IEVAL-000031	A: I just gave up smoking cigarettes. It was pretty hard, but the worst part is how everything puts you on edge and it is hard to relax.	B: that is good to hear ! i have always been a lot of money . 	A: What does your money have to do with me quitting smoking? 	B: that is not a bummer . i am sorry for that . 	A: I'm really anxious about this and you aren't helping.	B: i agree with you . it is good that you have to do it for the world , but i have a lot of work , i am sure you are 
IEVAL-000032	A: I've been married almost 23 years. My husband travels so much, but we both have trust in each other to be true and loyal.	B: How long have you been married?	A: 23 years	B: 6 years. How long have you been married?	A: Just about 23 years	B: That is a long time. How long have you been married?
IEVAL-000033	A: I've been married almost 23 years. My husband travels so much, but we both have trust in each other to be true and loyal.	B: that ' s great . i ' m sure you guys have a lot in common . how long have you been married ?	A: twenty three years	B: wow , that is a long time . i hope you guys enjoy each other ' s time together .	A: We really do enjoy each others company.	B: i am glad to hear that . it ' s always good to have a good relationship with each other .
IEVAL-000034	A: I've been married almost 23 years. My husband travels so much, but we both have trust in each other to be true and loyal.	B: How long have you been married?	A: for 23 years	B: I have been married a few years now. I am so happy for you.	A: Yes a soulmate is something I really appreciate every day	B: How long have you been married?
IEVAL-000035	A: I've been married almost 23 years. My husband travels so much, but we both have trust in each other to be true and loyal.	B: that is a good thing to have a friend like that . 	A: You cannot beat having a close friend helping you.	B: that is a good thing . i am sure you are happy to hear about it . 	A: Yes we have been friends for a long time.	B: i am sorry to hear you are going through that . 
IEVAL-000036	A: I saw my neighbor bought the car I have always wanted. I wish I was in a a better financial position to buy one.	B: What kind of car was it?	A: A 1969 Mach 1	B: What kind of car was it?	A: 1969 Mach 1	B: What kind of car was it?
IEVAL-000037	A: I saw my neighbor bought the car I have always wanted. I wish I was in a a better financial position to buy one.	B: i ' m sorry to hear that . what kind of car did you get ? what kind was it ?	A: A 1969 Mach 1	B: that ' s a great car . i bet you ' ll be able to find a good deal on it .	A: They are pretty expensive now days	B: i know . it ' s hard to find good deals these days . i hope it works out for you .
IEVAL-000038	A: I saw my neighbor bought the car I have always wanted. I wish I was in a a better financial position to buy one.	B: What kind of car is it?	A: A 1969 Mach 1 just like I had growing up.	B: What kind of car is it?	A: A1969 Mach 1 my father bought me.	B: What kind of car is it?
IEVAL-000039	A: I saw my neighbor bought the car I have always wanted. I wish I was in a a better financial position to buy one.	B: i am sorry to hear that . i am sure you are going to be able to do that . 	A: I have always loved sports cars.	B: i love that , i love it when it is . i always love it 	A: I had a 900 horse 300 zx	B: that is so nice . what happened ? 
IEVAL-000040	A: I visited an orphan once and it was such a surreal moment. It made me realise how thankful I should be for a family	B: How did it make you feel?	A: I felt good knowing I didn't grow up like that.	B: How did it make you feel?	A: grateful more than anything	B: It made me feel good, but I'm glad it made you feel better.
IEVAL-000041	A: I visited an orphan once and it was such a surreal moment. It made me realise how thankful I should be for a family	B: i ' m so sorry to hear that . i ' ve never been to an orphan . what happened ?	A: saw kids without parents needing attention	B: that ' s so sad . i hope you ' re able to find a good home for them .	A: yeah i hope everything turns out well.	B: i hope so too . it ' s hard to see someone you love go through something like that .
IEVAL-000042	A: I visited an orphan once and it was such a surreal moment. It made me realise how thankful I should be for a family	B: What did you do for a family?	A: I looked after them and made sure they were okay.	B: What did you do for them?	A: I helped them with issues they were having.	B: What did you do for them?
IEVAL-000043	A: I visited an orphan once and it was such a surreal moment. It made me realise how thankful I should be for a family	B: it is nice to have someone to be able to have some of them . 	A: Yeah you really feel like you accomplished something.	B: that is great ! what is your favorite part about it ? 	A: Being able to help the kids	B: that is a shame . how did they do ? i am sure you will do it 
IEVAL-000044	A: There was a group project due and we had a meeting, but i missed it because it was my 21st birthday. wasnt my best day	B: What kind of project was it?	A: covid data project	B: What kind of project was it?	A: researching the amount of covid infections and deaths	B: What kind of research was it?
IEVAL-000045	A: There was a group project due and we had a meeting, but i missed it because it was my 21st birthday. wasnt my best day	B: oh no , i ' m sorry to hear that . i hope you ' re feeling better now .	A: thanks for showing care	B: no problem . it ' s always good to have a good day , even if it doesn ' t seem like it .	A: that is very true!	B: i wish you the best of luck with the rest of your day . you ' ll feel better .
IEVAL-000046	A: There was a group project due and we had a meeting, but i missed it because it was my 21st birthday. wasnt my best day	B: I'm sorry to hear that. Did you have a good time?	A: it was okay	B: Yes, we had a great time.	A: thats good to hear	B: I'm glad you had a great time. I hope you have a great time!
IEVAL-000047	A: There was a group project due and we had a meeting, but i missed it because it was my 21st birthday. wasnt my best day	B: oh no , i am sorry , that is a bummer ! i hope you get a lot better now ! 	A: thanks for that	B: that is great , how long have you been together for ? 	A: four years	B: that is great , i hope that you have a great time ! 
IEVAL-000048	A: My husband and I have a fun weekend trip planned soon. We are going to go to the casino for the weekend, just the two of us. We are really looking forward to it.	B: That sounds like a great time.	A: Yes. I am sure it will be a great time. I plan on playing some games and going out to eat too.  	B: That sounds like a great time.	A: Right. I am really looking forward to it. It has been years since I have gone to a casino. 	B: That sounds like a lot of fun.
IEVAL-000049	A: My husband and I have a fun weekend trip planned soon. We are going to go to the casino for the weekend, just the two of us. We are really looking forward to it.	B: that sounds like a lot of fun . i ' ve never been to a casino before . have you been before ?	A: Yes. I have been to a casino several times before. However, it has been a long time since I have actually visited one. 	B: i ' m sure it ' s been a while since you ' ve been there . i hope you have a great time !	A: Thank you. I am sure I will have a great time. I plan on playing the slots then site see. I may catch a show. 	B: that ' s a great idea ! i bet you ' ll have a blast . have a good time !
IEVAL-000050	A: My husband and I have a fun weekend trip planned soon. We are going to go to the casino for the weekend, just the two of us. We are really looking forward to it.	B: That sounds like a great time. I hope you have a great time!	A: Thank you. I am sure I will have a great time. The casino has a lot of things to do. 	B: I hope you have a great time!	A: Me too. I am looking forward to my time there. 	B: I hope you have a great time!
IEVAL-000051	A: My husband and I have a fun weekend trip planned soon. We are going to go to the casino for the weekend, just the two of us. We are really looking forward to it.	B: i love going to be a great place to be a great time ! 	A: Yes, the casino is a great place to have some fun. 	B: that sounds like fun . i love the same . i love the same . what kind of music is it for ? 	A: I am sure it will be fun. I am not sure what type of music will be played. 	B: i love the beach . 
IEVAL-000052	A: I was out at dinner with my family, and when coming back to the table from the bathroom I somehow accidentally sat down with a different family.	B: How did that make you feel?	A: I felt embarassed. My face turned red. 	B: How did that make you feel?	A: I was embarassed so I began to nervously laugh. 	B: I bet that made you laugh.
IEVAL-000053	A: I was out at dinner with my family, and when coming back to the table from the bathroom I somehow accidentally sat down with a different family.	B: oh no ! i ' m so sorry to hear that . did you find out who did it ?	A: I did it. It was my mistake. I was not paying attention	B: that ' s good to hear . i hope you didn ' t have to go through that again .	A: I hope I never do that again too. I was a little humiliated. 	B: don ' t worry , you ' ll be fine . it happens to the best of us sometimes .
IEVAL-000054	A: I was out at dinner with my family, and when coming back to the table from the bathroom I somehow accidentally sat down with a different family.	B: Oh no! I am so sorry to hear that.	A: Thank you. It was such an embarrassing situation. 	B: Oh no! I'm so sorry to hear that. I am so sorry that happened to you.	A: Yes. I am sorry too.The only thing I could do was laugh and apologize. 	B: I am so sorry to hear that. Thank you for your kind words.
IEVAL-000055	A: I was out at dinner with my family, and when coming back to the table from the bathroom I somehow accidentally sat down with a different family.	B: oh no . i am sorry to hear that . i hope you get it ! 	A: Yes, I am sorry it happened to me too. 	B: why is that ? 	A: It was humiliating. I tried to laugh it off. 	B: i am sorry to hear that . what happened to you ? 
IEVAL-000056	A: My husband shocked me in a good way the other day	B: Why did he do that?	A: It was for my birthday_x000D_	B: Was it for your birthday?	A: Yes	B: Was it for your birthday?
IEVAL-000057	A: My husband shocked me in a good way the other day	B: that ' s great ! what did he surprise you in the way that made you feel good about it ?	A: It was for my birthday, I was caught off gaurd	B: oh no ! i ' m sorry to hear that . i hope you have a great day and happy birthday !	A: It was a good surprise	B: it ' s always nice to have a surprise like that . happy birthday to you and your husband !
IEVAL-000058	A: My husband shocked me in a good way the other day	B: What did he do?	A: He got his friends to give me a surprise birthday party	B: That's so nice of him! What did you guys do?	A: The threw me a party and jumped out to surprise me	B: That's so nice of him! What did you guys do?
IEVAL-000059	A: My husband shocked me in a good way the other day	B: that is so sweet . how old is he ? 	A: He is 25	B: that is a lot of money . 	A: For a surprise party?	B: what kind of party is the date going to ? 
IEVAL-000060	A: I have a friend with loaded parents. She doesn't work but has anything she wants anytime she wants.	B: Is that a good thing or a bad thing?	A: It's bad	B: Is it a bad thing or bad thing?	A: It's a bad thing	B: Is it a bad thing or bad thing?
IEVAL-000061	A: I have a friend with loaded parents. She doesn't work but has anything she wants anytime she wants.	B: i ' m sorry to hear that . what do you think she ' s going to do with her money ?	A: Whatever she wants because she has unlimited amounts	B: that ' s a good way to look at it . i wish i had that kind of money .	A: I do too, it's not fair_x000D_	B: i don ' t think i ' d ever be able to have that much money if i had to
IEVAL-000062	A: I have a friend with loaded parents. She doesn't work but has anything she wants anytime she wants.	B: I'm sorry to hear that. Have you talked to her about it?	A: I have not because I don't want to come across as jealous.	B: I'm sorry to hear that. Have you talked to her about it?	A: No, she will not understand what it is like to be me.	B: I'm sorry to hear that. Have you talked to her about it?
IEVAL-000063	A: I have a friend with loaded parents. She doesn't work but has anything she wants anytime she wants.	B: i hope you have a friend who is not . you should try to be a good person to have a friend . 	A: I want her to understand what it's like to be me	B: i am sorry , i am sorry to hear that . 	A: What should I do	B: what do they say ? 
IEVAL-000064	A: Not long ago I realized we are more financially stable than I think we have ever been.	B: That's great. What are you going to do about it?	A: Keep making money of course	B: What are you going to do about it?	A: Blow up a bank_x000D_	B: What are you going to do about it?
IEVAL-000065	A: Not long ago I realized we are more financially stable than I think we have ever been.	B: that ' s good to hear . i ' m glad you ' re able to live a happy life .	A: Thanks, I think I will invest this new found wealth_x000D_	B: what do you think i should do with my money ? i am not sure what to do with it .	A: Invest in crypto	B: i don ' t know much about cryptocurrency . do you know what cryptos are ?
IEVAL-000066	A: Not long ago I realized we are more financially stable than I think we have ever been.	B: How do you feel about that?	A: It makes me feel good and financially safe	B: How do you feel about that?	A: I answered that	B: How do you feel about that?
IEVAL-000067	A: Not long ago I realized we are more financially stable than I think we have ever been.	B: i am glad you are okay . i have been in a lot of courage to get it 	A: There is no better courage than liquid courage, do you agree?_x000D_	B: that is a good feeling ! i am glad you have a great time . 	A: Thanks you too	B: i am glad you are feeling . what is your health about 
IEVAL-000068	A: My sister kept playing a few seconds of a song over and over again on her laptop last night. Now it's stuck in my head.	B: What song was it?	A: Dont Stop Believin by Journey, heard of it?_x000D_	B: That's pretty cool. What song was it?	A: I just said	B: That's pretty cool. What song was it?
IEVAL-000069	A: My sister kept playing a few seconds of a song over and over again on her laptop last night. Now it's stuck in my head.	B: i hate when that happens . do you know how to turn it off or turn it back on ?	A: Sure but its rude to do that I think, maybe turn it down instead_x000D_	B: i don ' t know what to do about it , i think i ' ll just mute her .	A: Well that would work too	B: do you think she ' ll listen to it again ? i ' m not sure if it ' ll bother her .
IEVAL-000070	A: My sister kept playing a few seconds of a song over and over again on her laptop last night. Now it's stuck in my head.	B: What song was it?	A: 'Don't Stop Believin' by Journey_x000D_	B: What song was it?	A: As I said 'Don't Stop Believin' by Journey	B: What song was it?
IEVAL-000071	A: My sister kept playing a few seconds of a song over and over again on her laptop last night. Now it's stuck in my head.	B: wow , that is a good thing ! i hope you get a good day ! 	A: Whatever you say...	B: what is the name of ? 	A: Tom Sawyer by Rush	B: what kind of game was it ? 
IEVAL-000072	A: We are moving soon and I'm so ready to go.	B: Where are you moving to?	A: Mesquite, TX	B: Where are you moving to?	A: Mesquite, TX. There will be a lot more opportunities for the kids.	B: Where are you moving to?
IEVAL-000073	A: We are moving soon and I'm so ready to go.	B: that ' s exciting ! where are you moving to , if you don ' t mind me asking ?	A: We're moving to Mesquite, TX. There should be a lot more for our kids to do there.	B: oh wow , i ' ve never been there , but i bet it ' s a lot of fun !	A: I think it will be great for us!	B: i hope you guys have a great time ! i ' d love to visit mesquite one day !
IEVAL-000074	A: We are moving soon and I'm so ready to go.	B: Where are you moving to?	A: Lake Fort in Texas.	B: I am so sorry to hear that. Where are you moving to?	A: Lake Fort, Texas.	B: I am so sorry to hear that. I hope you have a great time.
IEVAL-000075	A: We are moving soon and I'm so ready to go.	B: that is awesome ! i bet you are excited ! 	A: I really am. I'm ready to get on with the rest of my life in a new place.	B: that is awesome . what is the problem ? 	A: I don't really have a problem, I just wanted to share.	B: what is your favorite part of you ? 
IEVAL-000076	A: My sister has been playing a song I dislike over and over and over	B: What song is it?	A: My Way by Frank Sinatra	B: What song is it?	A: My Way by Frank Sinatra. Do you understand?	B: What song is it?
IEVAL-000077	A: My sister has been playing a song I dislike over and over and over	B: oh no ! why is that ? is it a bad song or something you don ' t like ?	A: The song is okay, but she is playing it to annoy me. Can you imagine listening to Brittany all day?	B: oh no , i can ' t imagine that ! i ' m sorry you have to deal with that !	A: Thanks, do you have any suggestions?	B: i ' d probably just let her play it and let her know that it isn ' t for her .
IEVAL-000078	A: My sister has been playing a song I dislike over and over and over	B: What song is it?	A: Girls Just Want to Have Fun.	B: What song is it?	A: Girls Just Want to Have Fun by Cindy Lauper	B: That sounds like a lot of fun. What song is it?
IEVAL-000079	A: My sister has been playing a song I dislike over and over and over	B: that is a shame . i am sorry to hear that . what did you do ? 	A: I asked her to play another song.	B: oh that stinks ! how long ago did she get her ? 	A: I'm not sure I understand what you mean._x000D_	B: i am glad for you , what is the problem ? 
IEVAL-000080	A: I was so blissful after the births of both my girls. Such a sense of peace and relief on both a mental and physical level!	B: How long have you been married?	A: Five years	B: 10 years! That's a long time.	A: I said 5 years 	B: Wow, that's a long time. You must be very proud of yourself.
IEVAL-000081	A: I was so blissful after the births of both my girls. Such a sense of peace and relief on both a mental and physical level!	B: i ' m so happy for you ! i ' ve never had kids , but i ' d love to have kids one day .	A: You should definitely have kids	B: i don ' t know what i want to do yet . i just want to have fun and enjoy life .	A: Yes, that makes sense 	B: what do you like to do in your spare time ? do you have any hobbies that you enjoy ?
IEVAL-000082	A: I was so blissful after the births of both my girls. Such a sense of peace and relief on both a mental and physical level!	B: I am so happy for you!	A: Thank you for your kindness 	B: Thank you so much! I hope you have a great time!	A: I appreciate it, hope you have a good time too	B: Thank you! I hope so too! Thank you!
IEVAL-000083	A: I was so blissful after the births of both my girls. Such a sense of peace and relief on both a mental and physical level!	B: i hope you get the right one day ! 	A: Get what right?	B: what is the reason ? 	A: You’re not making sense 	B: i am sorry to hear that . what is your favorite part of the world ? 
IEVAL-000084	A: I really wanted to try bison meet and I went all the way to that whole foods store like 57 miles away and they didn't have it, what a waste of time	B: Wow, how did that make you feel?	A: It made me feel angry and frustrated 	B: I bet that made you feel angry.	A: Yes, that’s exactly what I just said	B: I bet that made you feel angry.
IEVAL-000085	A: I really wanted to try bison meet and I went all the way to that whole foods store like 57 miles away and they didn't have it, what a waste of time	B: oh no , i ' m sorry to hear that . i hope you get to try it soon .	A: Thank you for commiserating 	B: you ' re welcome . i wish you the best of luck on your next trip to the store .	A: That is very much appreciated	B: i hope it all works out for you . it ' s always good to get out there and try new things .
IEVAL-000086	A: I really wanted to try bison meet and I went all the way to that whole foods store like 57 miles away and they didn't have it, what a waste of time	B: I'm sorry to hear that. Did you have a good time?	A: No, I had a terrible time 	B: Oh no, I'm so sorry to hear that. Did you have a good time?	A: Uh, hell no	B: Yes, I did have a great time. It's been a long time since I've had a good time.
IEVAL-000087	A: I really wanted to try bison meet and I went all the way to that whole foods store like 57 miles away and they didn't have it, what a waste of time	B: that is really nice of you . 	A: How is that nice?	B: i love to love that . i am glad you are doing well 	A: You are not following the conversation 	B: i am sorry to hear that . what is your favorite thing you can do ? 
IEVAL-000088	A: My son drove down and spent the whole weekend helping me move.	B: That's great! How old is he?	A: He's going to be turning 30 this year. He's such a sweet son.	B: That's awesome. I'm happy for him.	A: Thank you. Moving is such a pain, it's always  nice to have help.	B: That's great. I'm happy for you.
IEVAL-000089	A: My son drove down and spent the whole weekend helping me move.	B: that ' s so nice of him . i ' m sure he ' s grateful for your help .	A: I'm the one who is grateful. He's helping me out a lot.	B: it ' s always good to have a support system in place to help out when you need it .	A: That is so true. Having people you can rely on makes a huge difference.	B: i agree . i wish i had someone i could rely on to help me move out of my house .
IEVAL-000090	A: My son drove down and spent the whole weekend helping me move.	B: That's so nice of him! How old is he?	A: He's going to be 28 this year. I'll make sure to get him something good for his birthday.	B: You must be so proud of him. You must be very proud of him!	A: I am very proud of him. I'm lucky to have such a thoughtful son.	B: Thank you, I am so proud of him. I am so happy for him.
IEVAL-000091	A: My son drove down and spent the whole weekend helping me move.	B: oh that is nice . what kind of dog do you have ? 	A: I have a husky actually. Got him from a friend of mine.	B: that is nice ! how long did you have your own ? 	A: I still have him. But I was telling you about my son helping me move.	B: that is a good feeling . 
IEVAL-000092	A: My dog, Riley, had to be put to sleep due to congestive heart failure.	B: What kind of dog was it?	A: He was a beautiful white husky. I'm gonna miss him so much.	B: Aww, that's so sweet of you.	A: Thank  you. He was one of my best friends and I still remember when he was a puppy.	B: That's so sweet of you.
IEVAL-000093	A: My dog, Riley, had to be put to sleep due to congestive heart failure.	B: oh no , i ' m so sorry to hear that . i hope you ' re feeling better .	A: Not really. It's such a hard thing to go through. No dog could ever replace him.	B: i can ' t imagine how hard that must have been for you . i am so sorry for your loss .	A: Thank you for being so understanding. It means the world to me.	B: you are very welcome . i wish you the best of luck with the rest of your life . : )
IEVAL-000094	A: My dog, Riley, had to be put to sleep due to congestive heart failure.	B: I am so sorry to hear that.	A: Thanks. I mean, I'll get over it in time. It's just really hard right now.	B: I am so sorry to hear that. I hope everything works out for you.	A: I think it will. It'll just take time. But I'm going to try and keep my head up.	B: Thank you for your kind words. I hope everything works out for you.
IEVAL-000095	A: My dog, Riley, had to be put to sleep due to congestive heart failure.	B: oh no . i hope you find a dog . 	A: I don't want a new dog right now. That's way too soon.	B: that is really good . i hope it goes well for you 	A: I don't think you understand what I mean about the situation.	B: i know that you are not alone a lot of people . 
IEVAL-000096	A: I failed my driving test twice, but I was really encouraged and did better the next time.	B: How did it go?	A: I dug in and studied and passed	B: How did it go?	A: It went well. I passed my driving test!	B: That's great! How did it go?
IEVAL-000097	A: I failed my driving test twice, but I was really encouraged and did better the next time.	B: that ' s good to hear . i ' m sure you ' ll do better next time too .	A: Well, yes I did. And I passed it!	B: congrats ! i wish you the best of luck in your future endeavors with your driving test .	A: Sure. Well, the best of luck to you too.	B: thank you ! i ' ll keep you in my thoughts . i hope you have a great day !
IEVAL-000098	A: I failed my driving test twice, but I was really encouraged and did better the next time.	B: I'm sorry to hear that. Did you pass?	A: I felt very hopeful and encouraged and I passed this time!	B: Oh no, I'm so sorry to hear that. I hope you did well.	A: No, you got it wrong. I did do well. I passed. 	B: I'm so sorry to hear that. I hope you did well.
IEVAL-000099	A: I failed my driving test twice, but I was really encouraged and did better the next time.	B: oh no , did you get it back or something to do ? 	A: No, you got it wrong. I did do well. I passed. 	B: i am sorry to hear that . how did you do that ? 	A: No, you got it wrong. I did do well. I passed. 	B: that is terrible . i hope you find a lot . 
IEVAL-000100	A: There was a huge spider on my wall, it ran away before I could kill it..	B: Did you kill it?	A: I don't know, I flinched and it moved so fast	B: Did you kill it?	A: No... it was so fast 	B: I would have killed it! I would have done the same thing!
IEVAL-000101	A: There was a huge spider on my wall, it ran away before I could kill it..	B: oh no ! i ' m sorry to hear that . i hope you didn ' t kill it !	A: It was big and nasty 	B: that ' s the worst ! i hate spiders . i ' d be so scared to see one in my house .	A: I think maybe fumigation is the right thing to do.	B: i think you ' re right . i think it ' s time for me to get rid of them .
IEVAL-000102	A: There was a huge spider on my wall, it ran away before I could kill it..	B: Did you kill it?	A: No. it moved way too fast. And it was huge!	B: I am so sorry to hear that. Did you kill it?	A: No. It's still around. I'm pretty sure of it.	B: I am so sorry to hear that. Did you kill it?
IEVAL-000103	A: There was a huge spider on my wall, it ran away before I could kill it..	B: that is terrible ! did it go to the doctor ? 	A: No... it was just a big spider	B: oh that is terrible , i have heard of it . 	A: Do you think fumigating is the answer?	B: i agree . what are you going to be ? 
IEVAL-000104	A: I had a pretty large loan, with a bit of a high interest rate, and a high monthly payment. My mother decided to pay it off for me, out of the blue!	B: That's great! How much did she pay off?	A: My mother paid off the whole loan amount! I am now debt free!	B: That's great! I'm happy for you!	A: Thank you! What will I now do with the money I do not have to spend to pay for those high monthly payments?	B: That's a great idea! I'm sure you'll be able to pay it off!
IEVAL-000105	A: I had a pretty large loan, with a bit of a high interest rate, and a high monthly payment. My mother decided to pay it off for me, out of the blue!	B: that ' s so nice of her . i ' m sure she ' s proud of you for doing that .	A: Yes, I am very proud of my mother because she paid of my high interest rate loan much to my surprise.	B: it ' s always good to be proud of your mother . i wish i could do the same .	A: I agree. It feels so very good to have such a considerate and helpful mother to unexpectedly pay off my expensive loans.	B: she sounds like a great mom . i hope you ' re able to pay off your loans soon .
IEVAL-000106	A: I had a pretty large loan, with a bit of a high interest rate, and a high monthly payment. My mother decided to pay it off for me, out of the blue!	B: That is so nice of her!	A: I agree! I am so very happy that my mother relieved me of this very large debt!	B: That is great to hear! You must be very proud of her!	A: Definitely! I am extremely proud of mother because I will now have more money in my pocket each month.	B: I am so happy for you! I hope you have a great time!
IEVAL-000107	A: I had a pretty large loan, with a bit of a high interest rate, and a high monthly payment. My mother decided to pay it off for me, out of the blue!	B: that is a shame . how long have you had to do ? that sounds like you have a good relationship with your mom ? 	A: I have been paying off this loan for several months. I have such a good relationship with my mother that she relieved me of this debt much to my surprise.	B: that sounds like a great thing to hear 	A: Yes, I am very happy to not have to make monthly payments to pay off this high interest rate loan anymore.	B: that is a good feeling . i am sure you will get the job ! 
IEVAL-000108	A: When katrina hit texas my family lost like half of their belongings	B: That sucks. Did you find out who did it?	A: The large hurricane by the name of Katrina destroyed most of our belongings in our home.	B: That sucks. Did you find out who did it?	A: Yes, Katrina the hurricane is what destroyed many of our belongings.	B: That sucks. Did you find out who did it?
IEVAL-000109	A: When katrina hit texas my family lost like half of their belongings	B: that ' s terrible . i ' m so sorry to hear that . i hope you ' re okay .	A: I am physically okay, but I feel very emotionally devastated about this hurricane disaster.	B: i know what you mean . i can ' t imagine what it must be like to lose half of your belongings .	A: Thank you for your concern. I certainly can now imagine exactly what it feels like to lose many of my belongings, and I feel terrible about this bad situation.	B: i know how you feel . it ' s hard to imagine losing half of what you ' ve lost .
IEVAL-000110	A: When katrina hit texas my family lost like half of their belongings	B: I am so sorry to hear that.	A: Thank you for feeling sorry about my loss. I hope my family can recover from this disaster.	B: I am so sorry to hear that. I hope everything works out for you.	A: Yes, I am very distraught and devastated to lose so many belongings in this hurricane disaster, but I hope everything will work out for my family and I.	B: Thank you for your kind words. I hope everything works out for you.
IEVAL-000111	A: When katrina hit texas my family lost like half of their belongings	B: that is terrible . how long did they take you ? 	A: The hurricane took many of our belongings away in just a few hours due to the flooding.	B: oh no ! did you get any damage ? 	A: Yes, many of my family belongings got soaking wet by the flooding damage caused by hurricane Katrina.	B: i am sorry to hear that , how did that go ? 
IEVAL-000112	A: I've got a week off from work. Time to sleep in and binge watch my favorite shows.	B: What shows are you going to watch?	A: Probably true crime shows. They are my favorite.	B: What shows are you going to watch?	A: True crime because I really like it. 	B: What shows are you going to watch?
IEVAL-000113	A: I've got a week off from work. Time to sleep in and binge watch my favorite shows.	B: that sounds like a lot of fun . what kind of shows do you like to binge on ?	A: True crime dramas or documentaries._x000D_	B: what do you do for a living ? i ' m a big fan of game of thrones .	A: I work in environmental repair. I haven't seen that much game of thrones._x000D_	B: do you have any other hobbies besides binge watching ? i like to watch netflix .
IEVAL-000114	A: I've got a week off from work. Time to sleep in and binge watch my favorite shows.	B: What shows are you going to watch?	A: Probably true crime. It's my favorite kind of show. _x000D_	B: What shows are you going to watch?	A: True crime dramas or documentaries._x000D_	B: What shows are you going to watch?
IEVAL-000115	A: I've got a week off from work. Time to sleep in and binge watch my favorite shows.	B: that is awesome ! what is the name of the book it ? 	A: I don't want to read anything. I am going to be staring at the tv all week, LOL. _x000D_	B: that is a good thing to do . 	A: Absolutely. _x000D_	B: what did you do ? 
IEVAL-000116	A: I had to go to my brother in laws funeral last week.	B: How did that go?	A: It was really hard to be around everyone that was so sad. 	B: How did it go?	A: Very, very sad for everyone. 	B: That's good to hear. I'm glad you had a good time.
IEVAL-000117	A: I had to go to my brother in laws funeral last week.	B: oh no , i ' m so sorry to hear that . i hope you ' re doing okay .	A: It was really rough to see so much grief around me. _x000D_	B: i am so sorry for your loss . i am sure you are a great person to be around .	A: It really wasn't about me. He was a great guy. 	B: that ' s good to hear . it ' s always nice to have someone you can talk to .
IEVAL-000118	A: I had to go to my brother in laws funeral last week.	B: Oh no, what happened?	A: He died suddenly. _x000D_	B: Oh no, I'm so sorry to hear that. I am so sorry for your loss.	A: Thank you. He was a great guy and we really liked him in our family. 	B: I am so sorry to hear that. Thank you for your kind words.
IEVAL-000119	A: I had to go to my brother in laws funeral last week.	B: oh , that is awful ! i am sorry to hear that . how did you find it ? 	A: Find what? That he had died. It was hard to not know...he was family. _x000D_	B: oh no , that is so sad 	A: It really is. He was a good guy. _x000D_	B: why did you do to him ? 
IEVAL-000120	A: My little brother has gotten really good at bowling recently and it kind of floors me!	B: That's awesome! Have you talked to him about it yet?	A: Kind of I let him know in the moment, but haven't talked in depth about it	B: Have you talked to him about it yet?	A: Not yet	B: Have you talked to him about it yet?
IEVAL-000121	A: My little brother has gotten really good at bowling recently and it kind of floors me!	B: that ' s awesome ! i ' m sure he ' ll be a great bowling player one day .	A: I think so, he's pretty talented	B: do you have any hobbies ? i ' ve always wanted to go bowling with my brother .	A: I love to watch sports, I'm a huge 49ers, Lakers, and UFC fan.  What about you?	B: what ' s your brother ' s favorite team ? mine is the lakers , but i also like the ufc .
IEVAL-000122	A: My little brother has gotten really good at bowling recently and it kind of floors me!	B: That's great!  How old is he?	A: 35	B: He is 18. He has been playing a lot since he was a kid.	A: He just recently started playing	B: That's great!  How old is he?
IEVAL-000123	A: My little brother has gotten really good at bowling recently and it kind of floors me!	B: that is awesome , what kind of car is it ? 	A: That he bowls in?	B: i bet he did ! what was he ? 	A: A shapeshifter	B: that is so cool ! i love my son ! i am also looking forward to it ! 
IEVAL-000124	A: So I went on a road trip to Utah a few months ago after my friends backed out. It was awesome but I did miss them.	B: Where did you go?	A: To Salt Lake City	B: Where did you go?	A: SLC	B: Where did you go?
IEVAL-000125	A: So I went on a road trip to Utah a few months ago after my friends backed out. It was awesome but I did miss them.	B: i ' m sorry to hear that . i ' ve been there before . it ' s a lot of fun .	A: The trip was better than I initially thought it would be	B: that ' s good to hear . i hope you have a good trip next time . have fun !	A: Thank you, when did you go?	B: i went a couple of years ago . i really enjoyed it . i can ' t wait to go again .
IEVAL-000126	A: So I went on a road trip to Utah a few months ago after my friends backed out. It was awesome but I did miss them.	B: Where did you go?	A: To Salt Lake City	B: I am so sorry to hear that. Where did you go?	A: SLC	B: I went to Colorado. It was a long time ago.
IEVAL-000127	A: So I went on a road trip to Utah a few months ago after my friends backed out. It was awesome but I did miss them.	B: oh wow , that sounds so fun . i am sure that you will be fine . what did you do 	A: I decided to go, but I felt so isolated	B: i am sorry to hear that . i hope you are ok . 	A: It was actually good for me, I learned that I can handle things by myself	B: that is good , i am glad to hear that ! 
IEVAL-000128	A: i feel that with my training lately im going to win my next week soccer game	B: Why do you feel that way?	A: I feel like I am at the top of my game this week.	B: Why do you feel that way?	A: I have been practicing twice as much as normal these last two weeks.	B: Why do you feel that way?
IEVAL-000129	A: i feel that with my training lately im going to win my next week soccer game	B: that ' s awesome ! i ' m sure you ' ll do great ! what sport do you play ?	A: I play left wing in soccer. I have been playing very well lately.	B: i ' ve never played soccer , but i ' d love to try it one day . what position do you usually play ?	A: I play left wing. I am left footed also.	B: that sounds like a lot of fun ! i wish you the best of luck with your soccer game !
IEVAL-000130	A: i feel that with my training lately im going to win my next week soccer game	B: What team are you rooting for?	A: I am rooting for my team which is the warriors.	B: What team are you rooting for?	A: I am rooting for the warriors	B: What team are you rooting for?
IEVAL-000131	A: i feel that with my training lately im going to win my next week soccer game	B: what team do you play ? 	A: We play the coyotes	B: oh that is a good thing 	A: Yes, they are a good team but we are better	B: i am glad to hear that ! 
IEVAL-000132	A: I get so jealous when my parents don't pay me any attention.	B: Why is that?	A: They seem to have more important things to do than paying attention to me.	B: Have you tried talking to them about it?	A: Sometimes I do but they are always too busy.	B: Have you tried talking to them about it?
IEVAL-000133	A: I get so jealous when my parents don't pay me any attention.	B: i ' m sorry to hear that . what do you do for fun ? do you have any hobbies ?	A: I love to play golf	B: i ' ve never played golf , but i ' d love to try it one day . what ' s your favorite course ?	A: Pebble Beach golf course	B: that sounds like fun . i ' ll have to check it out . what else do you like to do ?
IEVAL-000134	A: I get so jealous when my parents don't pay me any attention.	B: Why is that?	A: They never give me the time of day to talk.	B: I'm sorry to hear that. Have you talked to them about it?	A: I have tried but the do not listen	B: I'm sorry to hear that. Have you talked to them about it?
IEVAL-000135	A: I get so jealous when my parents don't pay me any attention.	B: i am sorry , that is a lot of money to be more important . 	A: What does money have to do with it	B: i am sorry to hear that . 	A: Why did you say that	B: what happened ? 
IEVAL-000136	A: I get to go to the park today for a BBQ with friends, it should be so much fun!	B: That sounds like fun! What kind of park is it?	A: It's a small public park with some picnic tables and walking trails	B: That sounds like fun! What kind of park is it?	A: It's a local one, it's pretty nice, do you like parks?	B: That sounds like a lot of fun! I've never been to the park before!
IEVAL-000137	A: I get to go to the park today for a BBQ with friends, it should be so much fun!	B: that sounds like a lot of fun . what kind of bbq are you going to do there ?	A: I'm going to have BBQ bologna and of course shredded pork	B: that sounds delicious ! i ' ve never had bologna before . i ' ll have to try it .	A: Yes it's very delicious, I think it's going to be a hit with my friends, or at least I hope so	B: i hope it goes well . i love bbq and bbq is one of my favorite foods .
IEVAL-000138	A: I get to go to the park today for a BBQ with friends, it should be so much fun!	B: That sounds like a lot of fun!	A: I hope it is, I'm very exciting, I've never had a picnic before	B: That sounds like a lot of fun! What kind of picnic is it?	A: It's a BBQ with friends, there will be other types of food there though, too.	B: That sounds like a lot of fun! What kind of picnic is it?
IEVAL-000139	A: I get to go to the park today for a BBQ with friends, it should be so much fun!	B: i love going to do that ! 	A: Yeah, I've only done a few times before, but it should be fun! Any tips?	B: i am sorry . i have been there , but i hope you get it ! 	A: Oh okay thanks, yeah me too, I think it's a nice day for it too	B: i am sure you will do great ! you have a great time 
IEVAL-000140	A: Someone hit my car while I was shopping. I am so mad they didn't even leave a note.	B: What kind of note was it?	A: They didn't leave one! Which is why I'm even more mad!	B: What kind of note was it?	A: Like I said, they didn't leave one.	B: I would be mad too! I would have been mad too!
IEVAL-000141	A: Someone hit my car while I was shopping. I am so mad they didn't even leave a note.	B: i ' m so sorry to hear that . did you call the police to get them to do anything about it ?	A: I did, they weren't much help, and now I don't know what to do really.	B: that ' s too bad . i hope you ' re able to find a way to get it fixed .	A: Thank you, I hope I do too.	B: i hope it all works out for you . it ' s so hard to deal with people like that .
IEVAL-000142	A: Someone hit my car while I was shopping. I am so mad they didn't even leave a note.	B: Did you call the police?	A: I did, they said there wasn't much they could do, I was so upset!	B: I am so sorry to hear that. Did you call the police?	A: I did yes, and they weren't very helpful.	B: I am so sorry to hear that. Did you call the police?
IEVAL-000143	A: Someone hit my car while I was shopping. I am so mad they didn't even leave a note.	B: that is not good , what happened ? 	A: I don't know I just got finished shopping and found a note and I'm so upset, I don't know what to do.	B: i am sorry to hear that . i hope you feel better for you . 	A: Thank you, I hope everything works out, but I'm not sure it will.	B: that is great , i hope you have a good time ! 
IEVAL-000144	A: I was given a job offer at a new company. I decided to stay with my current organization out of loyalty.	B: That's great. What kind of company was it?	A: An educational organization.	B: What kind of company was it?	A: An educational organization	B: I don't know. What kind of company was it?
IEVAL-000145	A: I was given a job offer at a new company. I decided to stay with my current organization out of loyalty.	B: that ' s a good decision . i ' m sure you ' ll get the job you want .	A: I turned it down to focus on my work 	B: well , it ' s good that you ' re doing that . i hope you get a great job .	A: thank you.	B: no problem . i wish you the best of luck in your future endeavors with your new job .
IEVAL-000146	A: I was given a job offer at a new company. I decided to stay with my current organization out of loyalty.	B: That's great! What kind of job did you apply for?	A: The post of a School Instructor.	B: That's great! I hope you have a great time!	A: Yes, I did.	B: That's great! I hope you have a great time!
IEVAL-000147	A: I was given a job offer at a new company. I decided to stay with my current organization out of loyalty.	B: i bet that is a great attitude to have . 	A: i guess so.	B: what happened ? 	A: I rejected the company's offer	B: oh no ! i am sorry . how long have you had to do ? 
IEVAL-000148	A: I ate a gas station burrito for lunch. It was not very appetizing. Actually, it was absolutely horrible.	B: What did you eat?	A: Salad	B: I didn't eat anything but it was delicious.	A: alright	B: That sounds delicious. I'm glad you enjoyed it.
IEVAL-000149	A: I ate a gas station burrito for lunch. It was not very appetizing. Actually, it was absolutely horrible.	B: i ' m sorry to hear that . i ' ve had some really good burritos at gas stations .	A: I hope the next time would be more better_x000D_	B: do you have a favorite place to eat at ? i like to go to a fast food place .	A: none_x000D_	B: that ' s a shame . i hope you can find a way to get back to eating healthy .
IEVAL-000150	A: I ate a gas station burrito for lunch. It was not very appetizing. Actually, it was absolutely horrible.	B: I am sorry to hear that. What did you eat?	A: salad	B: I don't know. I was so grossed out. It was so gross.	A: i had a similar experience	B: I am sorry to hear that. I am so sorry that happened to you.
IEVAL-000151	A: I ate a gas station burrito for lunch. It was not very appetizing. Actually, it was absolutely horrible.	B: oh no . what did you do ? 	A: I left in anticipation that the next time would be better	B: i hope you get a good feeling ! 	A: I hope so too.	B: that is great . i am sorry to hear that , what are you doing to do ? 
IEVAL-000152	A: My sister graduated from college after a long road of persistence and determination.	B: How do you feel about that?	A: I am just so happy for her.	B: You must be very proud of her.	A: She has worked so hard and now after all this time she is ready to get a job.	B: That is great. You must be very proud of her.
IEVAL-000153	A: My sister graduated from college after a long road of persistence and determination.	B: that ' s awesome ! i bet she ' s very proud of you . what did she study ?	A: She went into criminal law.	B: oh wow , that must have been a lot of hard work . i ' m sure you ' re proud of her .	A: Now she can help with my legal problems.	B: what legal problems do you have ? i am sure she ' ll be able to help you out .
IEVAL-000154	A: My sister graduated from college after a long road of persistence and determination.	B: You must be so proud of her.	A: She is so happy to be done with school.	B: I am so proud of her.	A: That's cool, do you guys hang out often?	B: We do, we just hang out in the middle of the summer.
IEVAL-000155	A: My sister graduated from college after a long road of persistence and determination.	B: wow , that is a pretty amazing thing to have to be able to do . 	A: She is the first in our family to go to college.	B: that sounds so nice ! how old was it now ? 	A: She is 28.	B: that is not a shame , but it is a shame . 
IEVAL-000156	A: my brother passed away 2 years ago and i'm still so heartbroken. it still hurts so much	B: How old is he now?	A: hes dead dumbass	B: How old is he now?	A: 1034	B: That's pretty old. I'm glad he is still alive.
IEVAL-000157	A: my brother passed away 2 years ago and i'm still so heartbroken. it still hurts so much	B: i am so sorry to hear that . i know how you feel . i lost my brother a few years ago .	A: were you close?	B: yes , i was very close to him . it was a long time ago , but i still miss him .	A: I miss mine too.	B: do you have any siblings that you can talk to about it ? i am sure you will find someone to talk to .
IEVAL-000158	A: my brother passed away 2 years ago and i'm still so heartbroken. it still hurts so much	B: I am so sorry to hear that.	A: He died in a car crash.	B: I'm so sorry to hear that. I am so sorry for your loss.	A: He is in heavan now.	B: I am so sorry to hear that. Thank you for your kind words.
IEVAL-000159	A: my brother passed away 2 years ago and i'm still so heartbroken. it still hurts so much	B: i am sorry to hear that . i hope he is okay . 	A: he is in hell now	B: i am sorry to hear that , why did you do that ? 	A: it was a suicide	B: i hate it 
IEVAL-000160	A: Whenever we moved abroad, I learned to trust my instinct and sense of adventure.	B: Where did you move to?	A: Japan.....my folks are big fans of sushi and dolphin.	B: Where did you move to?	A: Once again, Japan is the answer. They really don't like ocean mammals over there for some reason. Why is that?_x000D_	B: I don't know, but I'm not sure what you are talking about.
IEVAL-000161	A: Whenever we moved abroad, I learned to trust my instinct and sense of adventure.	B: that ' s a good way to look at it . how long have you been in the us ?	A: No, I moved from the US to Austria._x000D_	B: what do you do in your spare time ? do you have any hobbies you like to do ?	A: I like to ski and make snow cones.	B: that sounds like a lot of fun . i ' ve never been skiing , but i ' d love to try it .
IEVAL-000162	A: Whenever we moved abroad, I learned to trust my instinct and sense of adventure.	B: Where did you move to?	A: Afghanistan	B: Where did you move to?	A: To be more specific I moved to southwestern Afghanistan. I have been trying to get in on the goat trader's market over there._x000D_	B: I'm sorry to hear that. Where did you move to?
IEVAL-000163	A: Whenever we moved abroad, I learned to trust my instinct and sense of adventure.	B: that is a fun time ! i love it 	A: Joe Biden and his inflation should be a permanent fixture in our country. Do you agree?_x000D_	B: that sounds like a lot of people who can do that . 	A: Yes, there are many dumb leftists in our country. That is why I moved to Singapore._x000D_	B: that is a shame ! how long have you been there for ? 
IEVAL-000164	A: I was one percent off from passing my math test, I was devastated.	B: How did it go?	A: I scored a 99 in stead of a 100_x000D_	B: That's awesome! How did you do?	A: I just told you that. I missed a perfect grade by 1%	B: That's awesome! I'm glad you did well!
IEVAL-000165	A: I was one percent off from passing my math test, I was devastated.	B: i ' m sorry to hear that . were you able to get a better grade on the test ?	A: No, I am just upset._x000D_	B: i think i am going to go back to school . i am not sure what i will do .	A: Make sure to study._x000D_	B: i am sure you will do great . i hope you get a good grade on your test . good luck !
IEVAL-000166	A: I was one percent off from passing my math test, I was devastated.	B: I am so sorry to hear that. How did you do?	A: Bad_x000D_	B: I did okay, I am so sorry to hear that. I am so happy for you.	A: What score did you get?_x000D_	B: I am so happy for you. I am so proud of myself.
IEVAL-000167	A: I was one percent off from passing my math test, I was devastated.	B: that is terrible . i hope you find it . 	A: What am I supposed to find?_x000D_	B: what is your favorite ? 	A: Favorite what?	B: what is your favorite game ? 
IEVAL-000168	A: I think that my husband and me have so much faith in each other.	B: That's great. How long have you been together?	A: We have been together about 5 years and still going strong.	B: That's a long time. How long have you been together?	A: I said we have been together for about 5 years	B: That's a long time. How long have you been together?
IEVAL-000169	A: I think that my husband and me have so much faith in each other.	B: that ' s great ! i ' m sure you guys have a lot in common . how long have you been together ?	A: We have been together for about 5 years now.	B: what do you like to do in your spare time ? i like to spend time with my family .	A: I like to spend time with my husband and do certain activities we both can enjoy.	B: what kind of activities do you guys enjoy ? i enjoy going to the movies with my wife and i .
IEVAL-000170	A: I think that my husband and me have so much faith in each other.	B: That's great. How long have you two been together?	A: We have been together for about 5 years now.	B: That's a long time. How long have you two been together?	A: We have been married for about 3 years	B: That's a long time. I hope you guys have a great time together.
IEVAL-000171	A: I think that my husband and me have so much faith in each other.	B: that is great . what is your friend about ? 	A: My husband also likes to have faith in me because he trusts me and I have never broke that trust.	B: that is good , i am sure he is a great friend . 	A: He is more than a friend. He is the most important person in my life.	B: i am sure he will do great . 
IEVAL-000172	A: Having the whole house to your self sometimes isn't as good as it may seem!	B: Why is that?	A: My daughter has went off to college so I have been lonely lately.	B: How old is she?	A: She just turned 18 so she has left the nest to go follow her dreams.	B: Wow, you must be so proud of her.
IEVAL-000173	A: Having the whole house to your self sometimes isn't as good as it may seem!	B: that ' s true , but i ' m sure it ' s worth it in the long run .	A: Yes, but I have been so lonely since my daughter went off to college.	B: i know how that feels . i ' ve been lonely since i moved out of my parents house .	A: Yes, I mean in the long run it is great for her to have these experiences. I just have not adjusted to her being gone yet.	B: i know what you mean . i don ' t think i ' d ever be able to live with my parents again .
IEVAL-000174	A: Having the whole house to your self sometimes isn't as good as it may seem!	B: What are you going to do with it?	A: I am probably just going to reorganize or redecorate 	B: What are you going to do with it?	A: I have been lonely so I need to find some hobbies to do around the house.	B: I'm sorry to hear that. I hope you have a good time!
IEVAL-000175	A: Having the whole house to your self sometimes isn't as good as it may seem!	B: i am sure it was a lot of money . i am glad you have a good relationship . 	A: I have been lonely since my wife is off for work and my daughter has went off to college.	B: that is a bummer . i am sorry to hear that . how did you find out ? 	A: I found out when they both told me their news.	B: i am sorry , that is a lot of money to do it ? 
IEVAL-000176	A: I introduced my oldest daughter to the movie Fight Club the other day.	B: What movie was it?	A: Fight Club_x000D_	B: What movie was it?	A: Fight Club	B: What movie was it?
IEVAL-000177	A: I introduced my oldest daughter to the movie Fight Club the other day.	B: that ' s a good movie to introduce kids to . i ' m sure she ' ll love it .	A: I don't know.....it's pretty graphic.....just though she might like it because she likes Brad Pitt.	B: brad pitt is a great actor . he ' s been in a lot of movies since he was a kid .	A: That is true. And he doesn't seemed to be as cucked as most of the actors in Hollywood.	B: i ' ve never seen him in any of the movies you ' re talking about . what ' s your favorite movie of his ?
IEVAL-000178	A: I introduced my oldest daughter to the movie Fight Club the other day.	B: What movie was it?	A: Fight Club_x000D_	B: What movie was it?	A: A guy that is a schizophrenic.....it's called Fight Club.....he shoots himself in the end._x000D_	B: That sounds like a good movie. What movie was it?
IEVAL-000179	A: I introduced my oldest daughter to the movie Fight Club the other day.	B: that is so sweet . i am sorry . how long have you two were the same ? 	A: I do not understand what you are asking me.	B: that is good , i hope you have a great feeling . 	A: What kind of feeling?	B: what is that ? 
IEVAL-000180	A: my horse died last week i was devastated when i found out	B: Oh no, what happened?	A: Miss Butterfly Kisses, that was her name, she got the horse cancer._x000D_	B: Oh my goodness, that must have been awful.	A: Yes it was. My daughter loved her and when she got sick and died we were all emotionally devastated.	B: I'm so sorry to hear that. I hope she is okay.
IEVAL-000181	A: my horse died last week i was devastated when i found out	B: oh no , i ' m so sorry to hear that . i hope you ' re doing okay .	A: He was a stud horse, so I am worrying about the loss of future income.	B: that ' s a tough situation . i know it ' s hard to lose a horse , but it ' ll be worth it in the end .	A: How?_x000D_	B: what do you mean by that ? i ' ve never lost a horse before , but i don ' t understand what you mean .
IEVAL-000182	A: my horse died last week i was devastated when i found out	B: I am so sorry to hear that.	A: Yes, it really hurts. Peanut Butter Butterfly was a great horse and always had a very even temperament. 	B: I'm so sorry to hear that. I am so sorry for your loss.	A: So how can I get over this loss?	B: I am so sorry to hear that. Thank you for your kind words.
IEVAL-000183	A: my horse died last week i was devastated when i found out	B: oh no ! i am sorry to hear that . i hope that is not too bad . 	A: Horses die all the time but this Colt was my favorite. I used to get 10k a pop when I put him in stud._x000D_	B: i hope you get the right now ? 	A: What is the right now?_x000D_	B: i am sorry to hear that . what is wrong with the doctor ? 
IEVAL-000184	A: I was sick in bed with the flu. My boyfriend took care of me though	B: Did he take care of you?	A: Yeah, he did a good job.	B: Did he take care of you?	A: Yes, I just said that he did.	B: That's great. I'm glad he took care of you.
IEVAL-000185	A: I was sick in bed with the flu. My boyfriend took care of me though	B: oh no , i ' m sorry to hear that . i hope you ' re feeling better now .	A: I am, thank you.	B: that ' s good to hear . it ' s always good to have someone to take care of you .	A: Yes, I agree. It was great.	B: i wish you the best of luck with the rest of your life . you ' ll feel better soon .
IEVAL-000186	A: I was sick in bed with the flu. My boyfriend took care of me though	B: Why did he take care of you?	A: because I wasn't feeling well.	B: Why did he take care of you?	A: I caught the flu!	B: I don't know. I am so sorry to hear that.
IEVAL-000187	A: I was sick in bed with the flu. My boyfriend took care of me though	B: oh that is terrible , i am sorry to hear that . 	A: It's okay. I feel much better now.	B: what are you doing ? 	A: I am eating some ice cream. 	B: that sounds fun ! i have a lot of fun ! 
IEVAL-000188	A: My sister broke my vase. I was pretty enraged!	B: Why did she break your vase?	A: Probably because she's a accident prone clutz.	B: What kind of vase was it?	A: it was a glass vase that I bought recently.	B: That sounds like a really good vase.
IEVAL-000189	A: My sister broke my vase. I was pretty enraged!	B: i ' m sorry to hear that . i hope she ' s able to get it fixed soon .	A: She wouldn't dream of getting it fixed or replacing it. She's very self centered.	B: that ' s too bad . hopefully she ' ll be able to find a way to fix it .	A: She's not going to fix it at all. That is what makes me even more upset.	B: i can understand that . maybe you can talk to her about it and see what she can do .
IEVAL-000190	A: My sister broke my vase. I was pretty enraged!	B: Why did she break it?	A: I don't know, she probably wasn't paying attention and knocked it over.	B: Why did she break it over?	A: I don't think she broke it over anything, although it doesn't matter  because it is in pieces anyway. She's such a clutz.	B: Why did she break it over?
IEVAL-000191	A: My sister broke my vase. I was pretty enraged!	B: oh no ! that is awful . did you find a new one ? 	A: No, I haven't looked for a new one yet.	B: why is that ? 	A: Because I want my sister to replace it.	B: that is so sad . i hope you get it ! 
IEVAL-000192	A: I got to go to a cat cafe when no one else was around!	B: What kind of cafe is it?	A: read what I wrote	B: What did you write?	A: Can you read English?	B: I can, but I'm not sure what you are talking about.
IEVAL-000193	A: I got to go to a cat cafe when no one else was around!	B: that sounds like a lot of fun ! what kind of cat do you have ? i ' ve never had a cat .	A: I just went there because I can't have a pet but like cats and dogs. I don't have a pet cat.	B: i ' m sorry to hear that . i ' d love to have a dog , but they ' re expensive .	A: no, that is incorrect, they are pretty much free at the humane society	B: oh , i didn ' t know that ! i ' ll have to look into that . thanks for the tip !
IEVAL-000194	A: I got to go to a cat cafe when no one else was around!	B: That sounds like a lot of fun! What kind of cat restaurant was it?	A: The one where you go and pet cats and then the allergies kick in and you cough and wheeze for the rest of the day. 	B: That sounds like a lot of fun! What kind of cat restaurant was it?	A: There is no such thing as a cat restaurant in the western world. We do not eat cats or dogs.	B: Oh, I'm sorry to hear that. I hope you have a great time!
IEVAL-000195	A: I got to go to a cat cafe when no one else was around!	B: i love my pets too . what kind of dog was it 	A: It was a cat dipshit.	B: i bet it was . i have had to be a little dogs ! 	A: Yes, you sound like a dog's brain.	B: that is a shame . how long did he get ? 
IEVAL-000196	A: I was on a plane ride and we went through some pretty severe turbulence	B: Oh no! Were you okay?	A: Yeah, a briefcase fell out of the overhead compartment and hit another guy in the head but I didn't get hurt._x000D_	B: That's awful. I'm glad you were okay.	A: And this is a true story.....the guy that got cracked in the head was a federal judge and he was bleeding all over the place. Shit happens.	B: That's awful. I'm glad you were okay.
IEVAL-000197	A: I was on a plane ride and we went through some pretty severe turbulence	B: i ' m sorry to hear that . i hope you were able to get back on your feet .	A: That makes no sense in a reference to sitting on a plane.	B: sorry , i meant to say i hope i could get back back on my feet . sorry about that .	A: that's even worse	B: i know . it ' s hard when you ' re on the plane and you can ' t see anything .
IEVAL-000198	A: I was on a plane ride and we went through some pretty severe turbulence	B: I'm so sorry to hear that. Are you okay?	A: When your seatbelt keeps you from bouncing your head off the ceiling you get a bit spooked. But all was fine.	B: Oh no! I'm so sorry to hear that. I hope you are okay.	A: Give me another response. 	B: Thank you. I will be fine. Thank you.
IEVAL-000199	A: I was on a plane ride and we went through some pretty severe turbulence	B: that sounds scary , i hope it goes well . i hope you have to deal with it ! 	A: I had to deal with it. The whole plane was shaking.	B: that is so scary ! did you get the police ? 	A: there are no airplane police that stop turbulence during a flight_x000D_	B: oh no . i hope you get the same way ! 
IEVAL-000200	A: I've already gotten my school supplies and everything is ready! I feel like I'm gonna kill this semester.	B: That's great! What are you going to do?	A: I’m going to study like crazy!  I hope to get straight A’s	B: That's a great idea! I'm sure you'll do great!	A: Thanks!  Last year my grades weren’t so good 	B: That's awesome!  I'm sure you'll do great!
IEVAL-000201	A: I've already gotten my school supplies and everything is ready! I feel like I'm gonna kill this semester.	B: that ' s great ! what are you going to do with the supplies ? i hope you do well !	A: They are for my school classes	B: that sounds like a lot of fun ! i hope everything goes well for you and you have a great semester !	A: Thanks!  Do you have any other advice for me?	B: i don ' t know much about school supplies , but i do know that you ' ll do great !
IEVAL-000202	A: I've already gotten my school supplies and everything is ready! I feel like I'm gonna kill this semester.	B: What are you going to do?	A: Going to study hard and get good grades	B: That's a good idea. I'm sure you'll do great!	A: Thanks!  Do you have any advice for me?	B: I sure do. I'm sure you'll do great!
IEVAL-000203	A: I've already gotten my school supplies and everything is ready! I feel like I'm gonna kill this semester.	B: i am sure that you have a great time 	A: Yes, I’m looking forward to school this year	B: oh , i am sorry . how did you get it ? 	A: I got my school supplies at Target	B: that is good , how long did it take ? 
IEVAL-000204	A: Hi there, don't know what to do, just broke up with my girlfirned, we were 8 years together	B: That's a long time. How long have you been together?	A: 8 years	B: 10 years. How long have you been together?	A: I don’t know if I’ll ever find true love	B: That's a long time. How long have you been together?
IEVAL-000205	A: Hi there, don't know what to do, just broke up with my girlfirned, we were 8 years together	B: i ' m so sorry to hear that . i hope you ' re able to find someone else .	A: Thank you!  I hope so too, but right now I just want to be single for awhile 	B: i know what you mean . i ' ve been there . it ' s hard to find the right person .	A: Sure is.  I really thought she was the one 	B: i know how you feel . i was in a relationship for 8 years and it was the worst .
IEVAL-000206	A: Hi there, don't know what to do, just broke up with my girlfirned, we were 8 years together	B: I'm sorry to hear that, what happened?	A: I caught her chatting with another man online, and she was planning on meeting up with him for sex	B: Oh no, I'm so sorry to hear that. I'm sorry you had to deal with that.	A: It was pretty painful.  Guess I dodged a bullet	B: Oh no, I'm so sorry to hear that. I hope everything works out for you!
IEVAL-000207	A: Hi there, don't know what to do, just broke up with my girlfirned, we were 8 years together	B: that is a shame . how long did you have ? 	A: 8 years.  I don’t know if I’ll ever get over her	B: i am sure she will do great you 	A: I’m sure.  I hope she is well too.	B: what is the name ? 
IEVAL-000208	A: I love dogs very much they are always great companions	B: What kind of dog is it?	A: A poodle	B: What kind of poodle is it?	A: A toy poodle 	B: Awww, that sounds like a lot of fun! What kind of poodle is it?
IEVAL-000209	A: I love dogs very much they are always great companions	B: they really are . i love them so much . they ' re my best friend . do you have any pets ?	A: Yes I have a dog	B: that ' s great . what kind of dog is it ? i ' ve never had a dog .	A: A toy poodle 	B: poodles are so cute . i wish i could have one . i ' d love to have one of my own .
IEVAL-000210	A: I love dogs very much they are always great companions	B: What kind of dogs do you like?	A: Poodles	B: I love Poodles, I love them as much as I love them.	A: Do you have a dog?	B: I love Poodles, I love them as much as I love them.
IEVAL-000211	A: I love dogs very much they are always great companions	B: i love dogs ! i have never seen a pet , but i am glad they have a little dog . 	A: You should get one	B: i am sure you feel better . 	A: I do	B: i am sorry to hear that . what are you going to do ? 
IEVAL-000212	A: I woke up and the first thing I saw that my cat had decided to play with my shoes and ruin them!	B: What did you do?	A: I threw my shoes away	B: What did you do?	A: I tried to remain calm 	B: What did you do?
IEVAL-000213	A: I woke up and the first thing I saw that my cat had decided to play with my shoes and ruin them!	B: oh no ! that ' s not good . did you find out who did it or what happened ?	A: My cat!	B: i ' m so sorry to hear that . i hope you ' re able to get it fixed .	A: No I had to throw them away!	B: i would have done the same . it ' s a shame that your cat did that to you .
IEVAL-000214	A: I woke up and the first thing I saw that my cat had decided to play with my shoes and ruin them!	B: Oh no! What did you do?	A: I threw them away 	B: Oh no! I'm so sorry to hear that. I hope it wasn't too expensive.	A: Yes they were my favorite pair!	B: I am so sorry to hear that. I hope it wasn't too expensive!
IEVAL-000215	A: I woke up and the first thing I saw that my cat had decided to play with my shoes and ruin them!	B: oh no ! that sounds really gross ! 	A: It was just shoes but my favorite!	B: that sounds so nice 	A: Not really!	B: i am sure that was a nice thing ? 
IEVAL-000216	A: I was attending a conference and heard the minister speak. he spoke with such grace that i was proud to be from that district.	B: How did it go?	A: good_x000D_	B: He must have been very proud of you.	A: yeah your right	B: That's great. You must be very proud of him.
IEVAL-000217	A: I was attending a conference and heard the minister speak. he spoke with such grace that i was proud to be from that district.	B: that ' s great to hear . i ' m glad you were able to get to know him .	A: I m also glad.	B: it ' s always good to have someone you can talk to about something you ' re passionate about .	A: yeah, it was so good and everyone must be hear that speech._x000D_	B: what else do you like to do in your spare time ? do you have any hobbies ?
IEVAL-000218	A: I was attending a conference and heard the minister speak. he spoke with such grace that i was proud to be from that district.	B: That's great! What did he speak about?	A: about educational development	B: It was about a football game that he was talking about.	A: ohh i see	B: What was the game about?
IEVAL-000219	A: I was attending a conference and heard the minister speak. he spoke with such grace that i was proud to be from that district.	B: that is a good idea . i hope he is a great career . 	A: It was wonderful moment to me.	B: that is great ! how long did they get ? 	A: 30 mints_x000D_	B: i have never seen it before 
IEVAL-000220	A: my dog is over at the vet for 4 days and makes the house feel so alone'	B: What kind of dog is it?	A: chow chow	B: What kind of dog is it?	A: I have chow chow dog.	B: Oh that's so cute! I love chow chow Chow chow chows.
IEVAL-000221	A: my dog is over at the vet for 4 days and makes the house feel so alone'	B: i ' m sorry to hear that . what kind of dog is it ? do you have any other pets ?	A: I have only chow chow. I don't have other pets.	B: i ' ve never heard of that breed . what ' s it like to live with your dog ?	A: when i playing with my chow chow i would forget my all problems. chow chow is my healing pet.	B: that ' s really cool . i ' d love to have a pet like that . do you like to play video games ?
IEVAL-000222	A: my dog is over at the vet for 4 days and makes the house feel so alone'	B: I am so sorry to hear that.	A: I feel so sad for my dog.	B: I am so sorry to hear that. I hope your dog is okay.	A: Thank you for your consoling words.	B: Thank you for your kind words. Thank you.
IEVAL-000223	A: my dog is over at the vet for 4 days and makes the house feel so alone'	B: oh my goodness , that is a lot of cat is the best . 	A: yeah, I know that but i love dog the most.	B: that is a good thing 	A: do you like dog?_x000D_	B: that is not bad . how long have you two dogs ? 
IEVAL-000224	A: I found out I was a top ranked performer in my district yesterday!	B: That's awesome! How did you do?	A: I won the competition. it was amazing!	B: That's awesome! You must be so proud of yourself!	A: Of course, I was going to not do it but I am so glad I did.	B: That's awesome! You must be very proud of yourself!
IEVAL-000225	A: I found out I was a top ranked performer in my district yesterday!	B: that ' s awesome ! i ' m sure you ' ll do great ! what kind of performance did you perform ?	A: I did a drum set, I taught it all myself!	B: that sounds like a lot of fun ! i wish you all the best in your future endeavors !	A: I think I could become a professional drummer in the future.	B: that would be so cool ! i hope you have a great time and i ' ll be happy to hear you perform !
IEVAL-000226	A: I found out I was a top ranked performer in my district yesterday!	B: How did that make you feel?	A: Very proud because I put a lot of work into it.	B: How did that make you feel?	A: Proud of course, because it was very hard to train for.	B: That's great! How did it make you feel?
IEVAL-000227	A: I found out I was a top ranked performer in my district yesterday!	B: that is a great feeling . i hope you have a great time ! 	A: So do, I never thought it could happen to me._x000D_	B: i am sorry to hear that , i hope that you have a lot of time to do it . 	A: Well it is a good thing though.	B: i am glad for you 
IEVAL-000228	A: Someone was speeding on the road and I got into an accident with them. My car was totalled because of their carelessness.	B: What kind of car was it?	A: A classic car	B: Oh wow, that must have been a very nice car.	A: It was, it's the car I always wanted growing up and I saved for years for it.	B: That sounds like a very nice car.
IEVAL-000229	A: Someone was speeding on the road and I got into an accident with them. My car was totalled because of their carelessness.	B: that ' s terrible . i ' m so sorry to hear that . i hope you ' re okay .	A: I am ok as the car was parked.	B: that is good to hear . it ' s always good to have a safe place to park your car .	A: Well it wasn't safe, clearly, as it got crashed into.	B: oh no . i am so sorry you had to go through that . it must have been very stressful .
IEVAL-000230	A: Someone was speeding on the road and I got into an accident with them. My car was totalled because of their carelessness.	B: Oh no! I am so sorry to hear that. Did you get hurt?	A: No the car was parked, which is even worse.	B: I am so sorry to hear that. I hope it wasn't too bad.	A: Well the car is totaled, so it is kind of bad	B: I am so sorry to hear that. I hope it wasn't too bad.
IEVAL-000231	A: Someone was speeding on the road and I got into an accident with them. My car was totalled because of their carelessness.	B: that is terrible . what happened ? 	A: They were speeding and hit my car. I wasn't evening driving, it was parked!	B: oh no . did you have to deal with the car ? 	A: I have to now, put I do not have the time to sort someone else's mistake out.	B: that is a good idea . i am sure it is a good thing to do . i am sure you will get the job . what kind of things do 
IEVAL-000232	A: My 6 year old tried to play a video game but couldn't understand how the controller worked. A few days later she was playing no problem!	B: What game was it?	A: Shooter game_x000D_	B: What game was it?	A: tennis for two	B: That sounds like a fun game.
IEVAL-000233	A: My 6 year old tried to play a video game but couldn't understand how the controller worked. A few days later she was playing no problem!	B: that ' s awesome ! i ' m glad she was able to figure it out . how old is she now ?	A: 6 years old	B: i bet she ' s a joy to play with . do you think she ' ll get better at it ?	A: yeah sure_x000D_	B: do you have a favorite video game ? mine is call of duty , but i ' ve never played it .
IEVAL-000234	A: My 6 year old tried to play a video game but couldn't understand how the controller worked. A few days later she was playing no problem!	B: What kind of video game was it?	A: Shooter video game 	B: It was a video game. It was a classic video game.	A: Yeah it's correct	B: What game was it?
IEVAL-000235	A: My 6 year old tried to play a video game but couldn't understand how the controller worked. A few days later she was playing no problem!	B: that is awesome . how long did you win ? 	A: 7 times	B: i am sorry to hear that . what happened ? 	A: Because i lost	B: i am sorry . i am sorry to hear that 
IEVAL-000236	A: My birthday was last week and I never heard from my brother OR my sister to wish me a happy birthday.	B: That's awesome! What kind of birthday is it?	A: It's a birthday party to invite family and friends._x000D_	B: That sounds like a great birthday party!	A: Yeah thank you so much	B: That sounds like a great birthday party!
IEVAL-000237	A: My birthday was last week and I never heard from my brother OR my sister to wish me a happy birthday.	B: i ' m sorry to hear that . it ' s always nice to have a good birthday . how old were you ?	A: 16 years old	B: that ' s a long time ago . do you think you ' ll get to meet your brother soon ?	A: Yes 	B: i wish you the best of luck . i hope you have a great time with your brother and sister .
IEVAL-000238	A: My birthday was last week and I never heard from my brother OR my sister to wish me a happy birthday.	B: Happy Birthday! Happy birthday to you!	A: Thank you for your blessing_x000D_	B: Thank you! I am so happy for you!	A: that's sounds good. i am really happy	B: Thank you! I hope you have a great time!
IEVAL-000239	A: My birthday was last week and I never heard from my brother OR my sister to wish me a happy birthday.	B: that is nice ! what was the name ? 	A: james happy birthday boy	B: i bet that is a fun time . 	A: absolutely correct	B: i hope that it is too bad for me 
IEVAL-000240	A: When I bought my first house I put down 20% of the loan, which made me broke quick. My monthly paycheck helped me with bills but my parents bought me groceries for a month until I got on my feet. SO grateful for them	B: I bet that was nice of them.	A: It was	B: I bet that was nice of them.	A: yup	B: I bet that was nice of them.
IEVAL-000241	A: When I bought my first house I put down 20% of the loan, which made me broke quick. My monthly paycheck helped me with bills but my parents bought me groceries for a month until I got on my feet. SO grateful for them	B: that ' s so nice of them . i ' m glad they were able to help you out .	A: Me too!	B: it ' s always nice to have someone to support you when you need it . i wish you the best .	A: thanks, I appreciate that.	B: you ' re welcome . do you have any other hobbies you ' d like to share ?
IEVAL-000242	A: When I bought my first house I put down 20% of the loan, which made me broke quick. My monthly paycheck helped me with bills but my parents bought me groceries for a month until I got on my feet. SO grateful for them	B: That's so nice of them!	A: definitely.	B: That's really nice of them!	A: Yup	B: I am so happy for you! I hope you have a great time!
IEVAL-000243	A: When I bought my first house I put down 20% of the loan, which made me broke quick. My monthly paycheck helped me with bills but my parents bought me groceries for a month until I got on my feet. SO grateful for them	B: that is great , i hope you have some good friends ! 	A: I do	B: what do you mean to do ? 	A: I have good friends	B: that is great ! how is that you are going through that 
IEVAL-000244	A: A year ago, I found an injured baby kitten in the road while driving.	B: What kind of kitten was it?	A: Calico	B: Oh that's so cute! I bet it was a very cute kitten.	A: super cute!	B: That's so cute! I bet it was a very cute kitten!
IEVAL-000245	A: A year ago, I found an injured baby kitten in the road while driving.	B: oh no , that ' s terrible . did you find the kitten ? did you call the police ?	A: No, there was no reason to do so.	B: i ' m sorry to hear that . i hope you ' re able to get the kitten back .	A: I have the kitten.	B: that is so nice of you . i wish you the best of luck with the rest of your life .
IEVAL-000246	A: A year ago, I found an injured baby kitten in the road while driving.	B: I am so sorry to hear that. What kind of kitten was it?	A: Calico	B: It was a bearded dragon. I am so sorry to hear that.	A: Um Okay	B: I am so sorry to hear that. What kind of kitten was it?
IEVAL-000247	A: A year ago, I found an injured baby kitten in the road while driving.	B: that sounds really cute 	A: It's a very cute kitten.	B: that is a fun dog ! i hope so it is a great dog for a little dogs 	A: Um okay.	B: that is great ! i bet you are excited ! what is your favorite part of your test ? 
IEVAL-000248	A: I recently attended a play. My friend's acting was significant!	B: What kind of play was it?	A: A love play	B: What play was it?	A: Love and Music. They were impressive.	B: That's awesome! I'm glad you enjoyed it!
IEVAL-000249	A: I recently attended a play. My friend's acting was significant!	B: that ' s awesome ! what kind of play was it ? i ' ve never been to a play before .	A: A romantic play	B: that sounds like a lot of fun ! i ' m sure you ' ll have a great time !	A: I already went. 	B: oh , i didn ' t see that you already went ! i hope you have a wonderful time !
IEVAL-000250	A: I recently attended a play. My friend's acting was significant!	B: What play was it?	A: Love Tales 	B: What play was it?	A: I just told you!	B: What play was it?
IEVAL-000251	A: I recently attended a play. My friend's acting was significant!	B: that sounds so good . how long have you been friends for ? 	A: 10 years. It was impressive to watch. 	B: i love that when i was a kid . i am glad you were happy ! 	A: Thanks 	B: i am glad you have a great friend 
IEVAL-000252	A: after she got her 1st job and new car, she started doing girls night out. Out until 3am one morning. I checked her chat history and sure enough she had kissed another guy >:(	B: What kind of car was it?	A: A Porsche 	B: What kind of car was it?	A: I just told you.	B: What kind of car was it?
IEVAL-000253	A: after she got her 1st job and new car, she started doing girls night out. Out until 3am one morning. I checked her chat history and sure enough she had kissed another guy >:(	B: oh no , that ' s terrible . i ' m sorry to hear that . did you tell her ?	A: Yes I did.	B: well , i hope you ' re able to get over it . it ' s never too late to move on .	A: This is true. Thanks 	B: no problem . i hope things get better for you and you ' ll be able to find someone else .
IEVAL-000254	A: after she got her 1st job and new car, she started doing girls night out. Out until 3am one morning. I checked her chat history and sure enough she had kissed another guy >:(	B: Oh my gosh, that must have been embarrassing.	A: Yes it was.	B: I am so sorry to hear that. I hope she didn't do it again.	A: Thanks 	B: I am so sorry to hear that. I hope she didn't do it again.
IEVAL-000255	A: after she got her 1st job and new car, she started doing girls night out. Out until 3am one morning. I checked her chat history and sure enough she had kissed another guy >:(	B: oh wow , i am glad she did not get it . 	A: Didn’t get what?	B: oh no . i am sorry for that , i hope you do not get too much as well . 	A: Thanks.	B: i am glad to hear you are happy ! i am sure you are a good parent ! 
IEVAL-000256	A: I was laying in bed last night when I realized just how happy I am	B: What happened?	A: Nothing really, I just feel happy	B: What happened?	A: I know that I am blessed to be feeling this good at my age	B: What happened?
IEVAL-000257	A: I was laying in bed last night when I realized just how happy I am	B: that ' s great ! i ' m happy for you . what did you do to make you happy ?	A: I paid a lot of bills off today	B: that sounds like a great accomplishment . i wish i could do that , but i don ' t think i can .	A: It is a big relief for me and a burden lifted from my shoulders	B: it ' s good that you ' re able to do that . i hope you feel better soon .
IEVAL-000258	A: I was laying in bed last night when I realized just how happy I am	B: That's awesome! What did you do?	A: I cleaned my house	B: Where did you clean it?	A: I cleaned everywhere from my kitchen to the livingroom	B: Oh no! I am so sorry to hear that. Did you clean it?
IEVAL-000259	A: I was laying in bed last night when I realized just how happy I am	B: that was nice of your day . what kind of dog do you like that ? 	A: I am feeling blessed and happy	B: it is nice to have someone to do that . i hope you have a good life ! 	A: Well thank you for that comment	B: i am sorry to hear that . 
IEVAL-000260	A: I feel like a failure, I'm suppose to be on a diet but ate too much today!	B: What kind of diet is it?	A: It is just a diet where you count your calories	B: What kind of diet is it?	A: It is a diet where everything you eat is counted in calories and then when you ate that much you need to stop eating	B: What kind of diet is it?
IEVAL-000261	A: I feel like a failure, I'm suppose to be on a diet but ate too much today!	B: i am sorry to hear that . are you trying to lose weight ? i know it can be hard .	A: Yes I am trying to lose weight at least 20 pounds	B: that ' s a lot of work . i wish you the best of luck in your endeavors .	A: thank you I had a bad day but I will go back on my diet	B: i am sure you will do great . i hope you have a great rest of your day too .
IEVAL-000262	A: I feel like a failure, I'm suppose to be on a diet but ate too much today!	B: I'm sorry to hear that. What diet did you eat?	A: I am ashamed of myself by eating to many goodies	B: I'm sorry to hear that. What diet did you eat?	A: I ate a cupcake and pizza	B: What diet did you eat?
IEVAL-000263	A: I feel like a failure, I'm suppose to be on a diet but ate too much today!	B: that is a good feeling . i have a few times but i can not imagine . i am sure you will not get the same . 	A: I need to get back on my diet	B: that is good to hear ! i am sure you will get a good career ahead ! ! 	A: I know that I did bad yesterday by going off my diet, but if I stick to my diet I will lose weight	B: i hope you get it ! 
IEVAL-000264	A: Last weekend, my family and I enjoyed a nice meal together, and then watched a movie. It was a relaxing time at home, just enjoying each other's company.	B: That sounds like fun! What kind of movie was it?	A: It was a comedy	B: It sounds like a comedy movie!	A: Yeah it was	B: That sounds like a great movie!
IEVAL-000265	A: Last weekend, my family and I enjoyed a nice meal together, and then watched a movie. It was a relaxing time at home, just enjoying each other's company.	B: that sounds like a lot of fun . did you have a good time watching movies with your family ?	A: Yeah I had a great time	B: that ' s great to hear . i ' m glad you had a nice time with each other .	A: Thanks	B: you ' re welcome . it ' s always nice to have a nice chat with a family member .
IEVAL-000266	A: Last weekend, my family and I enjoyed a nice meal together, and then watched a movie. It was a relaxing time at home, just enjoying each other's company.	B: That sounds like a lot of fun! What movie was it?	A: Ghostbusters	B: It was a movie with my family. It was really fun.	A: Yeah it was	B: What movie was it?
IEVAL-000267	A: Last weekend, my family and I enjoyed a nice meal together, and then watched a movie. It was a relaxing time at home, just enjoying each other's company.	B: that is a fun thing to be happy to have a nice time to get some time . 	A: Yes it is	B: what is it ? 	A: I'm just happy I could spend that time with my family	B: thats great ! i am glad for your family . 
IEVAL-000268	A: I'm moving in a few months to a new state, I'm starting to feel nervous.	B: Where are you moving to?	A: I'm moving to the city	B: Where are you moving to?	A: I said the city	B: Where are you moving to?
IEVAL-000269	A: I'm moving in a few months to a new state, I'm starting to feel nervous.	B: i am sure you will be fine . what state are you moving to ? where are you going ?	A: I'm moving to California	B: i have never been to california but i have always wanted to go there . what do you like about it ?	A: I like the weather there	B: i ' ve never been there but i would love to visit one day . what is the weather like there ?
IEVAL-000270	A: I'm moving in a few months to a new state, I'm starting to feel nervous.	B: Where are you moving to?	A: I'm moving to the city	B: Where are you moving to?	A: I said the city	B: Where are you moving to?
IEVAL-000271	A: I'm moving in a few months to a new state, I'm starting to feel nervous.	B: i am sure you can do the best 	A: Thank you.  I hope I can do well there	B: i am sure you have a lot of work 	A: I'll have some work to do there	B: i am sorry to hear that . how are you doing that ? 
IEVAL-000272	A: I'm pretty excited for the upcoming Halloween season.	B: What kind of Halloween is it?	A: It's a special event at Universal Studios that I want to go to. I'm trying to get tickets.	B: What kind of Halloween is it?	A: Halloween is a holiday	B: That sounds like a fun time. I'm sure it'll be fun.
IEVAL-000273	A: I'm pretty excited for the upcoming Halloween season.	B: halloween is my favorite holiday . what ' s your favorite part about it ? do you like to dress up ?	A: It's mine too. I do like to dress up, do you? I also can't wait to go to Horror Nights at Universal Studios	B: i ' ve never been to universal , but i ' d love to go one day . have you been before ?	A: Yes it's always a good time. You should go	B: i ' ll have to look into it . do you have a favorite theme park or theme park ?
IEVAL-000274	A: I'm pretty excited for the upcoming Halloween season.	B: What kind of Halloween is it?	A: It's a special Halloween event at Universal Studios, I can't wait to get tickets and go	B: That sounds like a lot of fun. I love Halloween.	A: Me too, it's so much fun	B: I am sure it will be a lot of fun. I hope you have fun.
IEVAL-000275	A: I'm pretty excited for the upcoming Halloween season.	B: i love my favorite . i am sure it will not be fun 	A: I am trying to get tickets for Universal Studios for Halloweeen	B: i love the beach , i am glad you are going to be a good time ! 	A: Do you like Halloween?	B: i love my favorite . what kind did you do ? 
IEVAL-000276	A: My sister unfortunately will not seek help for her alcohol problems, and she will not even admit to them. I am extremely sad apprehensive about what might happen to her.	B: Have you talked to her about it yet?	A: I have tried, but she won't listen to me	B: Maybe you should talk to her about it.	A: I did, but she won't admit that she has a problem	B: Maybe you should talk to her about it.
IEVAL-000277	A: My sister unfortunately will not seek help for her alcohol problems, and she will not even admit to them. I am extremely sad apprehensive about what might happen to her.	B: i ' m so sorry to hear that . i hope she ' s able to get help soon .	A: Thank you. But I worry that she will not take it seriously	B: i can ' t imagine how difficult that would be . i wish you the best of luck with your sister .	A: Thank you so much. I'm so worried about her.	B: i know how you feel . it ' s hard when people don ' t take care of themselves .
IEVAL-000278	A: My sister unfortunately will not seek help for her alcohol problems, and she will not even admit to them. I am extremely sad apprehensive about what might happen to her.	B: I am sorry to hear that. Have you talked to her about it?	A: I have tried, but I feel like she's not listening to me.	B: I am sorry to hear that. Have you talked to her about it?	A: Yes I talked to her. She did not want to admit that she has a problem or needs help.	B: I am sorry to hear that. Have you talked to her about it?
IEVAL-000279	A: My sister unfortunately will not seek help for her alcohol problems, and she will not even admit to them. I am extremely sad apprehensive about what might happen to her.	B: i am sorry to hear that . i hope she gets better soon 	A: Thank you. I do too but I worry because she won't listen to me.	B: i am sure she will be fine . 	A: Thanks, but it is not going well so far.	B: i am glad to hear that . 
IEVAL-000280	A: Halloween is quite a big holiday where I live. People get really in to their costumes!	B: That's great! What kind of Halloween is it?	A: It's a Halloween where everybody has fun!	B: That sounds like a lot of fun!	A: Yes it is!	B: That sounds like a lot of fun! I love Halloween!
IEVAL-000281	A: Halloween is quite a big holiday where I live. People get really in to their costumes!	B: halloween is such a fun time of year . it ' s a great time of the year for halloween .	A: It's a good time to celebrate!	B: it really is . there ' s so much fun stuff to do . halloween is my favorite holiday .	A: Mines too!	B: what ' s your favorite holiday ? i like halloween because i like to dress up as a clown .
IEVAL-000282	A: Halloween is quite a big holiday where I live. People get really in to their costumes!	B: That sounds like a lot of fun!	A: Do you like Halloween?	B: I do, I love Halloween.	A: Great! I do too!	B: I do too! I love Halloween too!
IEVAL-000283	A: Halloween is quite a big holiday where I live. People get really in to their costumes!	B: oh that is a nice way to do the same ! 	A: It's a great time to enjoy!	B: that is a great feeling ! i love it . 	A: Really?	B: what is the reason for me ? 
IEVAL-000284	A: I was in a big party city and the street was crowded with people. As I was walking my foot got tangled up on something and I went face first into a huge flower bed.	B: Oh no! How did that happen?	A: I have no idea!	B: That must have been embarrassing.	A: It sure was!	B: It was! It must have been embarrassing!
IEVAL-000285	A: I was in a big party city and the street was crowded with people. As I was walking my foot got tangled up on something and I went face first into a huge flower bed.	B: oh my goodness , that must have been scary ! did you have to go to the hospital or anything ?	A: Yes!	B: i ' m glad you ' re okay ! i hope you didn ' t get hurt too bad .	A: I was ok I guess!	B: that ' s good to hear ! it ' s always good to have a safe place to go .
IEVAL-000286	A: I was in a big party city and the street was crowded with people. As I was walking my foot got tangled up on something and I went face first into a huge flower bed.	B: Oh no! I'm so sorry to hear that. Did you get hurt?	A: yes I did!	B: Oh no! I'm so sorry to hear that. Did you get hurt?	A: Yes I did !	B: I'm so sorry to hear that. I hope it wasn't too bad.
IEVAL-000287	A: I was in a big party city and the street was crowded with people. As I was walking my foot got tangled up on something and I went face first into a huge flower bed.	B: that is a shame . i would be too ! 	A: I felt bad!	B: oh , what did you get to do ? 	A: nothing.	B: what did you do ? what did you do ? 
IEVAL-000288	A: I'm happily married and employed, life is in a pretty good spot right now.	B: That's great. How long have you been married?	A: 28 years this June.	B: That's a long time. How long have you been married?	A: A long time.  How about you?	B: That's a long time. How long have you been married?
IEVAL-000289	A: I'm happily married and employed, life is in a pretty good spot right now.	B: that ' s great to hear . what kind of work do you do and how long have you been married ?	A: I have been married almost 28 years and I work part time as a Patrol officer	B: wow , that is a long time . i ' ve been married for almost the same amount of time as you .	A: I guess in these times that is a rarity.	B: i guess so . it ' s good to hear that you ' re happy with what you have .
IEVAL-000290	A: I'm happily married and employed, life is in a pretty good spot right now.	B: That's great! How long have you been married?	A: Almost 28 years.  She is a good woman and we get along very well.	B: That's great! How long have you been married?	A: Like I said, almost 28  years.	B: How long have you been married?
IEVAL-000291	A: I'm happily married and employed, life is in a pretty good spot right now.	B: that is great ! i hope you have a good relationship with you . 	A: Yes I do.  We get along very well. 	B: that is a great feeling . 	A: I am getting older and it makes me very happy.  She is a good woman.	B: that is good , how long have you been married ? 
IEVAL-000292	A: My bills and mortgage payment is coming up soon.  I not sure if I can cover them all.	B: What are you going to do about it?	A: We do get money every month from an Annuity to pay for it.	B: What are you going to do about it?	A: Pay for it when the mortgage is due.	B: What are you going to do about it?
IEVAL-000293	A: My bills and mortgage payment is coming up soon.  I not sure if I can cover them all.	B: i ' m sorry to hear that . i hope you ' re able to pay them all off .	A: Yes, we will be fine. Our annuity pays for the mortgage.	B: that ' s great to hear . i wish you the best of luck in your future endeavors .	A: Much appreciated. I only wish we didn't have to pay the mortgage any more.	B: i know what you mean . i don ' t think i could ever afford to pay off my mortgage .
IEVAL-000294	A: My bills and mortgage payment is coming up soon.  I not sure if I can cover them all.	B: I am sorry to hear that. I hope everything works out for you.	A: We are ok this month. We have the money to pay for it.	B: I am so sorry to hear that. I hope everything works out for you.	A: It we pay it on time, which we will. all will be ok.	B: Thank you for your kind words. I hope everything works out for you.
IEVAL-000295	A: My bills and mortgage payment is coming up soon.  I not sure if I can cover them all.	B: that is a good thing to do ! i am sure it will be a lot of work ! 	A: Not really.  Our investments pay for our mortgage.	B: that is a bummer . how long will you get it back ? 	A: I don't understand your comment.	B: i am sorry , i am sorry to hear that . i hope you have a great friend . 
IEVAL-000296	A: I felt pretty luck the other day! I won $100 on a scratch off ticket! I never win!	B: That's awesome! How much did you win?	A: 100$_x000D_	B: Wow! That's a lot of money!	A: yeah	B: Wow! That's a lot of money!
IEVAL-000297	A: I felt pretty luck the other day! I won $100 on a scratch off ticket! I never win!	B: that ' s awesome ! i ' m sure you ' re going to win it one day too !	A: huh	B: sorry , i meant to say that i hope you win the lottery one day . i ' ve never won one either .	A: ok	B: what do you like to do in your spare time ? i like to spend time with my family .
IEVAL-000298	A: I felt pretty luck the other day! I won $100 on a scratch off ticket! I never win!	B: How much did you win?	A: 100	B: I won $100! I was so happy for you!	A: awesome !	B: That's awesome! How much did you win?
IEVAL-000299	A: I felt pretty luck the other day! I won $100 on a scratch off ticket! I never win!	B: that sounds so nice 	A: yep how about you?	B: i am sure that is a lot . what is the name of the world ? 	A: earth	B: that is good to hear ! what are you about it ? 
IEVAL-000300	A: It really makes me angry to see that many homeless people on the street	B: Why is that?	A: they hurt our economy	B: That's not good. What are you going to do about it?	A: lobby to our government	B: What are you going to do about it?
IEVAL-000301	A: It really makes me angry to see that many homeless people on the street	B: why do you say that ? it ' s sad that there are so many people who need help .	A: true, i need to rethink my comments	B: don ' t worry , it happens to the best of us . i ' m sure you ' ll be fine .	A: thanks, love you	B: i love you too . i hope you ' re doing well . i know it can be hard .
IEVAL-000302	A: It really makes me angry to see that many homeless people on the street	B: Why do you say that?	A: they are usually drug addicts	B: I don't know. I just don't understand what you mean.	A: are you homeless?	B: I am not. I just don't understand what you mean. I don't know what you are talking about.
IEVAL-000303	A: It really makes me angry to see that many homeless people on the street	B: i am sorry to hear that . i hope you do not get the right away ! 	A: I should calm down	B: i know that feeling , but i am sorry for you . 	A: ok	B: what is it ? 
IEVAL-000304	A: My sister is so caring, she took care of me when I was sick	B: What did she take care of you?	A: I had the flu and she took time off of work to take care of me.	B: What did she take care of you?	A: She stayed at my house for three days straight to look after me while I was sick.	B: What did she take care of you?
IEVAL-000305	A: My sister is so caring, she took care of me when I was sick	B: that ' s so sweet of her . i ' m sure she ' s proud of you for doing that .	A: What? My sister took care of me. And it was very sweet and caring of her to help me out.	B: oh , i thought you were talking about your sister taking care of you when you were sick . my bad .	A: Yes, my sister did take care of me when I had the flu.	B: i hope you ' re feeling better . it ' s always nice to have a sister that cares for you .
IEVAL-000306	A: My sister is so caring, she took care of me when I was sick	B: I am so sorry to hear that. How did she take care of you?	A: She took time off of work and stayed in the spare room. She made sure I took my medicine, fed me and was a great companion.	B: I am so sorry to hear that. I hope everything works out for you.	A: It worked out great. We were always close but the her care and concern for me really brought home how much we mean to each other.	B: That is very kind of you. I hope everything works out for you.
IEVAL-000307	A: My sister is so caring, she took care of me when I was sick	B: that is a good thing to do 	A: It is. It's nice to know that I can count on my sister when I am sick and that she can count on me.	B: that is a great thing to be happy for her 	A: She actually took time off of work to stay with me. I really love my sister!	B: that sounds like fun ! i am happy for that . 
IEVAL-000308	A: I know it's silly, but my friend got something I wanted in a game the other day, bit sad.	B: What was it?	A: A group of us play poker. We always have a prize for whoever had the highest score at the end of play. This time is was a $5 gift card.	B: Wow, that's awesome. You must be very proud of your friend.	A: I really am. I'm kind of ashamed of myself for feeling sad. She won fair and square and she is a great friend.	B: That's awesome. You must be very proud of her.
IEVAL-000309	A: I know it's silly, but my friend got something I wanted in a game the other day, bit sad.	B: that ' s not silly at all . i ' m sorry to hear that . what did you get ?	A: I didn't get anything. My friend won the prize because she had the highest score at the end of the match.	B: oh no ! i ' d be so upset . i hope you can get something else from her .	A: What? She's a good friend and I feel ashamed of myself for feeling a little sad.	B: don ' t be so hard on yourself . it happens to the best of us . we all make mistakes .
IEVAL-000310	A: I know it's silly, but my friend got something I wanted in a game the other day, bit sad.	B: What game was it?	A: We were playing cards and whoever had the highest score at the end won a $5 gift card.	B: What game was it?	A: Cards. A group of us like playing cards for fun prizes. 	B: What game was it?
IEVAL-000311	A: I know it's silly, but my friend got something I wanted in a game the other day, bit sad.	B: i am sorry to hear that . why did you do that 	A: I didn't do anything. My friend won a prize that I wanted for myself. I feel kind of ashamed for feeling sad.	B: oh no , i hope you get it . 	A: No, I didn't get it. My friend won the prize because she had the most points at the end of the match.	B: that sounds like a good thing . i am sorry . how did it turn to a lot of people who was that for ? 
IEVAL-000312	A: My boss finally noticed my hard work and gave me a pay raise!	B: That's great! What did he do?	A: He told me how great my performance has been. What should I spend it on?	B: That's awesome! I'm happy for you!	A: I have never received such a great raise!	B: That's awesome! I'm happy for you!
IEVAL-000313	A: My boss finally noticed my hard work and gave me a pay raise!	B: that ' s great ! you must be so proud of him ! what did you do for work ?	A: I am proud of myself! I did a great job at my work.	B: it ' s always good to be proud of yourself ! i ' m sure you ' ll do great in the future !	A: What should I do with the raise?	B: i think you should give it to your coworker and see what they can do with it !
IEVAL-000314	A: My boss finally noticed my hard work and gave me a pay raise!	B: That's awesome! What did he do?	A: He told me I did a great job this year.  What should I do with the raise?	B: What do you think you should do with the raise?	A: I would like to go on vacations. What do you think?	B: I think that would be a great idea!  I'm sure you'll do great!
IEVAL-000315	A: My boss finally noticed my hard work and gave me a pay raise!	B: that is a good thing to have . what happened to him ? 	A: He praised me for my work that I have been doing throughout the year.	B: thats great . what is your favorite team ? 	A: My favorite team is the Giants	B: that sounds so nice ! 
IEVAL-000316	A: I feel so bad, I forgot my sisters birthday...	B: Oh no! What happened?	A: I told her I would make it up to her. What should I do?	B: What did she say?	A: She said No! What should I do?	B: That's a good idea!
IEVAL-000317	A: I feel so bad, I forgot my sisters birthday...	B: oh no , i ' m sorry to hear that . do you think she ' ll remember it ?	A: I think she will remember that I forgot. What can I do to make it up to her?	B: that ' s a good idea . i think you should tell her that you forgot your sister ' s birthday .	A: Should I say something special so she is not mad at me?	B: i think that would be the best thing to do . it ' s not like she ' s going to be mad at you for forgetting her birthday .
IEVAL-000318	A: I feel so bad, I forgot my sisters birthday...	B: Oh no, what happened?	A: I told her I forgot her birthday and how could I make it up to her.	B: Oh no, what happened?	A: I told her I would buy her something very special. What should I buy her?	B: I am so sorry to hear that. I hope it wasn't too expensive.
IEVAL-000319	A: I feel so bad, I forgot my sisters birthday...	B: oh that is so sad . what did you do ? 	A: I admitted that I forgot her birthday to her._x000D_	B: oh no . i am sorry to hear that . i hope you find a better for you ! 	A: What can I say to make it better for her?_x000D_	B: that is good ! i hope you have a lot of money ! 
IEVAL-000320	A: I was looking at old pictures the other day and kind of wishing I could go back to those times in my life.	B: What kind of pictures were you looking at?	A: They were mostly of my college friends and I.	B: What kind of pictures were you looking at?	A: Like I said, they were of me and my college friends hanging out.	B: That sounds like a lot of fun.
IEVAL-000321	A: I was looking at old pictures the other day and kind of wishing I could go back to those times in my life.	B: i know what you mean . it ' s nice to be able to look back and see the good times .	A: Yeah. What's sad is that we don't often realize those were good times while we were experiencing them.	B: that ' s true . i ' m sure you have a lot of great memories of those times .	A: I do! I had great friends.	B: me too . i used to go to the movies with my friends a lot when i was younger .
IEVAL-000322	A: I was looking at old pictures the other day and kind of wishing I could go back to those times in my life.	B: What kind of pictures did you get?	A: They were mostly pictures from college of me and my buddies.	B: What kind of pictures did you get?	A: Like I said, they were pictures of my friends and I from our college days.	B: That sounds like a lot of fun. Do you have any pictures of your friends?
IEVAL-000323	A: I was looking at old pictures the other day and kind of wishing I could go back to those times in my life.	B: that is a good feeling , what did you get ? 	A: They were mostly pictures of me and my friends from college.	B: i bet that brought back a lot of memories 	A: Yes for sure. We had a lot of fun times. And we thought we'd be friends forever.	B: that is nice . what kind of party is it ? 
IEVAL-000324	A: When I went to the fair last year, I tripped on a large cord they had going across the walkway. It was a long, running fall! I wanted to hide!	B: Did you get hurt?	A: Just my feelings haha.	B: Oh no! Did you hurt yourself?	A: No not really. Just embarrassed.	B: I bet it was embarassing!
IEVAL-000325	A: When I went to the fair last year, I tripped on a large cord they had going across the walkway. It was a long, running fall! I wanted to hide!	B: oh no ! i ' m sorry to hear that . i hope you didn ' t get hurt .	A: No I was just embarrassed.	B: that ' s okay . it happens to the best of us . you ' ll get over it .	A: I know I will. Sadly a girl I liked saw it though.	B: i am sorry . i am sure she will forgive you . it ' s just a part of life .
IEVAL-000326	A: When I went to the fair last year, I tripped on a large cord they had going across the walkway. It was a long, running fall! I wanted to hide!	B: Did you hurt yourself?	A: Just my feelings haha.	B: Oh no, I'm so sorry to hear that. Did you hurt yourself?	A: No I was fine. I was embarrassed that's all.	B: Oh no! I'm so sorry to hear that. I hope you didn't hurt yourself!
IEVAL-000327	A: When I went to the fair last year, I tripped on a large cord they had going across the walkway. It was a long, running fall! I wanted to hide!	B: i am sure it is not too bad 	A: Luckily nobody put it on Instagram!	B: that is a good way to look back 	A: Yeah. Now I'm always careful where I'm walking.	B: i am sure you will do that 
IEVAL-000328	A: I took my dog to an agility competition and she ended up winning first place!	B: That's awesome! What kind of dog was it?	A: a rat terrier, it was really brave	B: That's awesome! I'm glad it worked out for you!	A: thanks, it was awesome	B: That's awesome! I'm glad it worked out for you!
IEVAL-000329	A: I took my dog to an agility competition and she ended up winning first place!	B: that ' s awesome ! what kind of dog is it ? i ' ve always wanted a dog .	A: it is a poodle	B: i love poodles ! they ' re such cute little dogs . do you have any other pets ?	A: I have a cat named Lucky	B: lucky is a great name for a cat ! i love cats , but i ' m more of a dog person .
IEVAL-000330	A: I took my dog to an agility competition and she ended up winning first place!	B: That's awesome! What kind of dog is it?	A: a labrador	B: It's a bearded dragon	A: lol, not really	B: What kind of dog is it?
IEVAL-000331	A: I took my dog to an agility competition and she ended up winning first place!	B: oh , that is a fun dog , i bet he is so excited . 	A: oh yeah, he was very excited	B: that is awesome ! i am sure you will be fine 	A: thanks, we a re very proud	B: it is good to be proud of you ! 
IEVAL-000332	A: I'm so nervous, have a final exam on Tuesday!	B: Are you nervous?	A: yes, I am very nervous	B: Are you nervous?	A: yes	B: I'm sure you'll do great!
IEVAL-000333	A: I'm so nervous, have a final exam on Tuesday!	B: oh no ! i hope you do well ! what are you going to study ? i hope it goes well !	A: I'm going to study biology, it is really hard	B: i bet it is ! i bet you ' ll do great ! i wish you the best of luck !	A: thank you, appreciate the support	B: you ' re welcome ! it ' s always good to be confident in your abilities . good luck !
IEVAL-000334	A: I'm so nervous, have a final exam on Tuesday!	B: What kind of exam is it?	A: it is my final exam in mathematics	B: I am sure you will do fine!	A: thank you, I really want to get a good grade	B: I am sure you will do great!
IEVAL-000335	A: I'm so nervous, have a final exam on Tuesday!	B: what is the test ? 	A: it is biology, and I always found it hard to study for it	B: that is great , i am glad to hear it is not too bad 	A: I am really crossing my fingers that I do well on it, a lot depends on it	B: what are your favorite part of your favorite part ? 
IEVAL-000336	A: I interviewed for a job a while back that I was waiting on hearing about.  I felt like it went well.	B: What kind of job was it?	A: It was a factory job. A really good paying one. 	B: What kind of job was it?	A: A factory job	B: What kind of job was it?
IEVAL-000337	A: I interviewed for a job a while back that I was waiting on hearing about.  I felt like it went well.	B: that ' s great ! i ' m happy for you . what kind of job did you interview for ?	A: It was a factory job	B: that sounds like a lot of work . i hope you get the job you ' re looking for .	A: Yeah me too thanks. It pays very well too. 	B: it ' s good to hear that it pays well . i wish you the best of luck in the future .
IEVAL-000338	A: I interviewed for a job a while back that I was waiting on hearing about.  I felt like it went well.	B: How did it go?	A: It went well. I think I am going to get the job. 	B: That's great! I hope you get the job!	A: Me too I really need this job	B: I hope so too! I hope you get it!
IEVAL-000339	A: I interviewed for a job a while back that I was waiting on hearing about.  I felt like it went well.	B: that is awesome . i am glad you got it . 	A: Yea me too, I really need this job	B: i am glad you have a job . i have a friend who is going to get a job ? 	A: Oh you do? thats great, what sort of job is your friend trying to get?	B: that is great . how long have you been together ? 
IEVAL-000340	A: I was trying to study for a final but my neighbors were being really loud, and I had a hard time focusing	B: How did it go?	A: It didnt go too well I ended up failing the test.	B: How did it go?	A: Not great, I felt so annoyed, I wish that my neighbors would show some respect. 	B: That's great, I'm glad you did well.
IEVAL-000341	A: I was trying to study for a final but my neighbors were being really loud, and I had a hard time focusing	B: oh no , i ' m sorry to hear that . what did you end up doing to study ?	A: I just tried my best to cancel out the noise coming from my neighbors house as much as possible. 	B: that ' s a good idea . it ' s good that you ' re able to do that .	A: Yeah it helped somewhat, I put on some headphones and used that to block out the sound.	B: that sounds like a great idea . i ' ll have to try that . thanks for the idea .
IEVAL-000342	A: I was trying to study for a final but my neighbors were being really loud, and I had a hard time focusing	B: I'm sorry to hear that. What did you do?	A: I ended up just giving up on studying because I could not focus	B: I'm sorry to hear that. What did you do?	A: I said I just gave up by not trying to study anymore because I was so annoyed	B: I'm sorry to hear that. What did you do?
IEVAL-000343	A: I was trying to study for a final but my neighbors were being really loud, and I had a hard time focusing	B: that is good to hear . how did you get them ? 	A: Thats not good to hear, It was terrible, My neighbors were so loud	B: that is a shame , i hope they do not have to deal with that . what happened to them 	A: My neighbors were having some sort of party and the music was too loud.	B: that is a good thing to do . what kind of cake ? 
IEVAL-000344	A: I bought a raffle ticket for a charity where I have a 1/500 chance of winning a car	B: That's awesome! How much did you win?	A: Well I haven't won it yet, I'm waiting to find out the results!	B: How much did you win?	A: Nothing yet, but hopefully I'll win a car!	B: That's awesome! I'm happy for you!
IEVAL-000345	A: I bought a raffle ticket for a charity where I have a 1/500 chance of winning a car	B: wow , that ' s a lot of luck ! what kind of car did you want to win ?	A: It's a Mazda. I hoping so much to win it!	B: i ' m sure you ' ll win it . i hope you win it too ! i ' d love to own one .	A: Thanks, It would really be a great addition to my life.	B: you ' re welcome . i wish you the best of luck with your raffle win . it ' ll be worth it .
IEVAL-000346	A: I bought a raffle ticket for a charity where I have a 1/500 chance of winning a car	B: That's awesome! What kind of charity is it?	A: It was a charity for Hippo conservation. I'm very passionate about this cause.	B: That's awesome! What kind of charity is it?	A: I just said it was for Hippos, as in Hippopotamus.	B: That's awesome! I hope you have a great time!
IEVAL-000347	A: I bought a raffle ticket for a charity where I have a 1/500 chance of winning a car	B: oh wow ! what kind of car is it for ? 	A: It's for a Mazda. I've always wanted one!	B: that is a bummer ! how long have you been ? 	A: I don't understand your response. I'm talking about possibly winning a new car. Pay attention!	B: that is a good thing to do ! i hope you do not get the car . 
IEVAL-000348	A: It's so quiet in my house, just watching tv by myself. Wish my family was around.	B: What tv is it?	A: It's called insigna. It's a cheap brand. But it works for me.	B: What kind of tv is it?	A: It's an old TV. I don't have the money to buy a TV with all of the bells and whistles. But I'd be lonely with a new TV too.	B: That sounds like a good idea.
IEVAL-000349	A: It's so quiet in my house, just watching tv by myself. Wish my family was around.	B: i ' m sorry to hear that . do you have any family that you can talk to about it ?	A: No, as I said, they're not around. They live out of state and I spend most of my time alone.	B: that ' s too bad . i hope you can find a way to talk to them about it .	A: Well I do. I text them and video call. But it is still a poor substitute for really seeing them. Thanks for understanding.	B: you ' re welcome . i wish you the best of luck with the rest of your life . : )
IEVAL-000350	A: It's so quiet in my house, just watching tv by myself. Wish my family was around.	B: Why is that?	A: My mother lives in Arizona and I rarely see her. Sure, we text, but it is not the same as seeing a person right in front of you. 	B: I'm sorry to hear that. Have you talked to her about it?	A: Yes, we always send messages about how much we miss each other. I probably won't see her until the spring, though.	B: I'm sorry to hear that. Have you talked to her about it?
IEVAL-000351	A: It's so quiet in my house, just watching tv by myself. Wish my family was around.	B: that sounds like a fun time to get some time . 	A: Well, it's not really fun! I'm by myself and my family lives across the country. Don't be insensitive!	B: that is good , i am sorry . i have been there to help you find a new one . 	A: I'm glad you said you're sorry. But I think you don't really care about what I'm going through. You seem confused.	B: i am sorry . it is a good feeling to have to deal with that , i am sorry . i have been there for me . 
IEVAL-000352	A: So today my mother brought over a whole week of meals to help me out.	B: What kind of food was it?	A: It was her best, Pasta and chicken	B: That sounds like a good meal.	A: it was yummy. I was so grateful for her help	B: That sounds like a good meal.
IEVAL-000353	A: So today my mother brought over a whole week of meals to help me out.	B: that ' s so nice of her . what kind of food did she bring to help you out ?	A: She brought me my favorite pasta. I am so happy she did.	B: she sounds like a great mom . i ' m sure she ' ll be happy to have you around .	A: She is. I am just thankful that she stepped in to help me out since I have been so busy lately with work.	B: it ' s always good to have a support system in place . i hope you have a great day !
IEVAL-000354	A: So today my mother brought over a whole week of meals to help me out.	B: That is so nice of her!	A: Yeah! I was feeling very stressed so she stepped in to help.	B: That is so nice of her. You must be so proud of her.	A: I am, but mostly I feel very grateful for her help!	B: That is very kind of you. You must be very proud of her.
IEVAL-000355	A: So today my mother brought over a whole week of meals to help me out.	B: that is a good thing ! i bet you were very happy for her ! 	A: I was, but I was also thankful that she helped me	B: that is a good way to have to be a good thing to do 	A: I was stressed so she was able to help me	B: that is a great feeling . 
IEVAL-000356	A: When I started a new job. I was nervous about proving myself all over again.	B: What kind of job was it?	A: It was a new engineering job	B: What kind of job was it?	A: It was engineering. I was a little apprehensive and scared	B: What kind of job was it?
IEVAL-000357	A: When I started a new job. I was nervous about proving myself all over again.	B: i ' m sorry to hear that . what did you do to prove yourself that you did well ?	A: I just worked really hard!	B: it ' s been a long time since i ' ve been in a position like that . i don ' t know what to do .	A: You just do your best. I was apprehensive at first for sure	B: that ' s good to hear . i ' ll keep that in mind . thanks for the advice .
IEVAL-000358	A: When I started a new job. I was nervous about proving myself all over again.	B: What kind of job was it?	A: it was a new engineering job	B: What kind of job was it?	A: It was engineering. I was feeling a little apprehensive about it to be honest.	B: What kind of job was it?
IEVAL-000359	A: When I started a new job. I was nervous about proving myself all over again.	B: that is good , you should try to find a new job ? 	A: No, I like the one I have. I was just apprehensive.	B: what did you do ? 	A: it was a engineering role	B: i hope you get a job ! 
IEVAL-000360	A: At work today, all my coworkers sang me happy birthday. It was so nice of them!	B: That's great! What kind of birthday was it?	A: It was the kind where I turn one year older	B: That's awesome! I'm happy for you!	A: Thanks!	B: That's awesome! I'm happy for you!
IEVAL-000361	A: At work today, all my coworkers sang me happy birthday. It was so nice of them!	B: that ' s so nice ! i bet you were so happy for them . what did you do for your birthday ?	A: I got myself some of my favorite cake and I went to a concert of a band I like!	B: that sounds like a lot of fun ! i ' m sure you had a great time . what kind of band did you like ?	A: I really like alternative metal and rock. The band I went to was Motionless In White	B: i ' ve never heard of that band before . i ' ll have to check it out . what ' s the name of the band ?
IEVAL-000362	A: At work today, all my coworkers sang me happy birthday. It was so nice of them!	B: That's so nice of them!	A: I know, it was such a sweet surprise	B: That's so nice of them! I bet it was a nice surprise!	A: It was	B: It was! It was very nice of them!
IEVAL-000363	A: At work today, all my coworkers sang me happy birthday. It was so nice of them!	B: that is nice . i am glad it is a good thing . 	A: It is indeed. Thank you.	B: it sounds like you have a lot of money ! 	A: I really don't	B: why is that ? what do you mean ? 
IEVAL-000364	A: I'm worried that if my Aunt doesn't answer her phone, I won't be able to give her the keys so she can babysit for me this weekend.	B: What kind of phone is she talking about?	A: iPhone	B: What kind of phone is it?	A: iPhone	B: What kind of phone is it?
IEVAL-000365	A: I'm worried that if my Aunt doesn't answer her phone, I won't be able to give her the keys so she can babysit for me this weekend.	B: oh , that ' s a bummer . i hope she ' s able to get back to you soon .	A: I know, I really hope so too. I hope she's okay	B: i hope so as well . it ' s always nice to have someone who can help you out .	A: Yes exactly!	B: i wish you the best of luck with your babysitting ! i hope you have a great weekend .
IEVAL-000366	A: I'm worried that if my Aunt doesn't answer her phone, I won't be able to give her the keys so she can babysit for me this weekend.	B: What are you worried about?	A: My aunt not answering the phone so I can't give her keys so she can babysit for me	B: Oh no, I'm sorry to hear that. I hope everything works out for you.	A: Thank you, I hope so too	B: Thank you so much! I hope everything works out for you!
IEVAL-000367	A: I'm worried that if my Aunt doesn't answer her phone, I won't be able to give her the keys so she can babysit for me this weekend.	B: that is a bummer ! i am glad you are able to get her and what you can do 	A: But I wasn't able to get her. I don't know what to do_x000D_	B: that is good . what did you do ? 	A: Nothing, I don't know what to do	B: i hope that it is not too bad for the same thing . 
IEVAL-000368	A: I am going on a vacation this Thursday! I am very excited!	B: Awesome! Where are you going?	A: To Japan.	B: That's awesome! Where are you going?	A: Out of the country.	B: That's awesome! Where are you going?
IEVAL-000369	A: I am going on a vacation this Thursday! I am very excited!	B: that ' s awesome ! where are you going ? i ' m sure you ' ll have a great time !	A: Thanks, we're going to see the Grand Canyon.	B: that sounds like a lot of fun ! i ' ve never been there , but i hear it ' s beautiful .	A: Me too!	B: i ' d love to go on a cruise one day . i hope you have a wonderful time !
IEVAL-000370	A: I am going on a vacation this Thursday! I am very excited!	B: Where are you going?	A: Cairo! It's my first time leaving the country!	B: That sounds exciting! Where are you going?	A: To Egypt.	B: I hope you have a great time! Where are you going?
IEVAL-000371	A: I am going on a vacation this Thursday! I am very excited!	B: that sounds exciting ! are you going to do it ? i hope you have a great time ! 	A: Thanks! Me too!	B: it is good you have someone to do it for you ? 	A: It is.	B: i know . what do you do ? 
IEVAL-000372	A: I slipped and feel at work the other day. Several people saw it. I wanted to just crawl in a hole and hide afterwards.	B: Did you find out who did it?	A: I did it.	B: Did you find out who did it?	A: No I did not.	B: Did you find out who did it?
IEVAL-000373	A: I slipped and feel at work the other day. Several people saw it. I wanted to just crawl in a hole and hide afterwards.	B: oh no , i ' m sorry to hear that . i hope you ' re feeling better now .	A: Thanks, it was so embarrassing. 	B: i bet it was . it happens to the best of us . you ' ll get over it .	A: I will, I know. But it's going to take me a minute.	B: that ' s true . it ' ll take some time for sure , but it will get better .
IEVAL-000374	A: I slipped and feel at work the other day. Several people saw it. I wanted to just crawl in a hole and hide afterwards.	B: Why did you do that?	A: It was an accident.	B: Why did you do that?	A: For the TikTok views.	B: Why did you do that?
IEVAL-000375	A: I slipped and feel at work the other day. Several people saw it. I wanted to just crawl in a hole and hide afterwards.	B: that is a shame . how did you get it fixed ? 	A: I did not.	B: that is terrible . i am sorry for you . what happened ? 	A: I slipped and fell. It was no big deal to some but it was to me.	B: oh that is terrible ! i hope you get a good feeling better now . 
IEVAL-000376	A: I went to a job interview a few days ago, and I feel like I totally rocked it!	B: That's great! What kind of job did you get?	A: I got a job at the zoo	B: That's awesome! What kind of job did you get?	A: A job at the zoo	B: That's awesome! I'm so happy for you!
IEVAL-000377	A: I went to a job interview a few days ago, and I feel like I totally rocked it!	B: that ' s awesome ! i ' m sure you ' ll do great ! what kind of job was it ?	A: A job at the zoo.	B: that sounds like a lot of fun ! i hope you get the job you ' re looking for !	A: thank you!	B: no problem ! i wish you the best of luck with your interview . i hope it goes well !
IEVAL-000378	A: I went to a job interview a few days ago, and I feel like I totally rocked it!	B: Congrats! How did it go?	A: I got the job!	B: It went great! I am so happy for you!	A: thank you	B: Thank you! I am so happy for you!
IEVAL-000379	A: I went to a job interview a few days ago, and I feel like I totally rocked it!	B: i am sure it will be a good thing to do . 	A: It is	B: i am sorry to hear about that , what is the issue ? 	A: No issue I'm happy	B: that is a great feeling . i hope that you are not happy for your life ! 
IEVAL-000380	A: Someone came to my door with a gun, asking for money	B: Did you find out who it was?	A: No I was too scared to say anything else.	B: Did you find out who it was?	A: no	B: Did you find out who it was?
IEVAL-000381	A: Someone came to my door with a gun, asking for money	B: wow , that ' s scary . did you call the police or did they call a police officer ?	A: I called the policce.	B: i ' m glad to hear that . i hope you ' re able to get your money back .	A: me too, thank you!	B: i hope it all works out for you . it ' s always good to take care of yourself .
IEVAL-000382	A: Someone came to my door with a gun, asking for money	B: Why did you do that?	A: I didn't do anything.	B: Why did you do that?	A: What are yoou asking me?	B: I don't know. I have no idea what you are talking about.
IEVAL-000383	A: Someone came to my door with a gun, asking for money	B: that is so sad . what did you do ? 	A: I slammed the door in their face and called 911	B: that is so bad . what was the happen ? 	A: I am not sure what this is saying	B: that is a great feeling . 
IEVAL-000384	A: My mom doesn't have a ton of money, but last christmas she made sure to get me some awesome things!	B: What kind of things did she get you?	A: gifts, wallet	B: She sounds like a nice person.	A: yes	B: She sounds like a nice person!
IEVAL-000385	A: My mom doesn't have a ton of money, but last christmas she made sure to get me some awesome things!	B: that ' s nice of her . what kind of things did she get you , if you don ' t mind me asking ?	A: wallet, gifts	B: that sounds like a lot of fun . i hope you get to spend a lot more time with her .	A: ok thank you.	B: you ' re welcome . i ' m sure you ' ll have a great time with your mom .
IEVAL-000386	A: My mom doesn't have a ton of money, but last christmas she made sure to get me some awesome things!	B: That's awesome. What kind of things did she get you?	A: wallet, ipod	B: She got me a lot of money, she got me a ton of money, so I don't know what she got me.	A: ok	B: What did she get you?
IEVAL-000387	A: My mom doesn't have a ton of money, but last christmas she made sure to get me some awesome things!	B: i am sorry , that sounds like a good idea ! 	A: do you have any experience like about me?	B: what is your favorite thing to do ? 	A: to talk with my family	B: that is nice to hear . i have friends who are in the world 
IEVAL-000388	A: I fell walking up the stair today. There was a large group around, and people laughed at me.	B: Did they laugh at you?	A: yes	B: Did they laugh at you?	A: yes	B: I bet they laughed at you.
IEVAL-000389	A: I fell walking up the stair today. There was a large group around, and people laughed at me.	B: oh no , i ' m sorry to hear that . i hope you didn ' t hurt yourself .	A: i wil try	B: that ' s a good idea . it ' s always good to be prepared for things like that .	A: Thank you	B: you ' re welcome . i wish you the best of luck with the rest of your day . : )
IEVAL-000390	A: I fell walking up the stair today. There was a large group around, and people laughed at me.	B: Oh no! Did you hurt yourself?	A: no. But i felt uncomfortable.	B: Oh no! I'm so sorry to hear that. Did you hurt yourself?	A: no	B: No, I am so sorry to hear that. I hope it wasn't too bad.
IEVAL-000391	A: I fell walking up the stair today. There was a large group around, and people laughed at me.	B: oh no . that is terrible . did you get the person ? 	A: no..	B: oh , that is a good thing to have . i hope you have a good parent ! 	A: thank you.	B: i am sorry to hear that . what is your favorite thing to have ? 
IEVAL-000392	A: I'm just lying in bed with a scented candle burning in my room and my cat on my lap, things couldn't be any better.	B: Why did you lie in bed?	A: I wanted to relax a bit	B: Why did you lie in bed?	A: I told you, to relax	B: I didn't lie in bed, but I didn't want to lie in bed.
IEVAL-000393	A: I'm just lying in bed with a scented candle burning in my room and my cat on my lap, things couldn't be any better.	B: oh no ! that ' s terrible . i hope you ' re okay . what did you do ?	A: It's not terrible. It's good	B: that is good to hear . i am glad you are okay . i wish i had a cat .	A: I liked cats too	B: i ' ve always wanted one . i think they ' re so cute . what kind of cat do you have ?
IEVAL-000394	A: I'm just lying in bed with a scented candle burning in my room and my cat on my lap, things couldn't be any better.	B: Oh no! I'm so sorry to hear that. What did you do?	A: Nothing, I'm having a good time.	B: I'm so sorry to hear that. I hope everything works out for you!	A: Everything is great	B: Thank you so much! I hope everything works out for you!
IEVAL-000395	A: I'm just lying in bed with a scented candle burning in my room and my cat on my lap, things couldn't be any better.	B: that is a shame . how did it go ? i would be the same . 	A: It is going great. Not a shame	B: i am sorry to hear that . why is that ? 	A: Don't be sorry. I'm relaxed	B: that is a good way to have to deal with that . 
IEVAL-000396	A: I read in the news about a family who lost all six of their animals in a house fire :(	B: Oh no! What happened?	A: I'm not sure, but it's so sad and tragic. 	B: That is so sad.	A: It is. I can't imagine how they feel if I feel this sad about it and I don't even know them	B: I know what you mean. That is so sad.
IEVAL-000397	A: I read in the news about a family who lost all six of their animals in a house fire :(	B: that ' s terrible . i ' m so sorry to hear that . i hope they are ok .	A: Me too. It's so sad. I can't imagine how they feel	B: i don ' t even know what to say . i am so sorry for what happened to them .	A: Me too. It's so tragic	B: i am sorry for your loss . i know how hard it must be to lose all of your animals .
IEVAL-000398	A: I read in the news about a family who lost all six of their animals in a house fire :(	B: Oh no! I'm so sorry to hear that. Did you find out who did it?	A: No, it may have been an accident, but it's so sad_x000D_	B: I am so sorry to hear that. I hope you find out who did it.	A: If it was done by someone  I hope they spend a lot of time in jail	B: I hope so too. I am so sorry to hear that. I hope you find out who did it.
IEVAL-000399	A: I read in the news about a family who lost all six of their animals in a house fire :(	B: oh no ! how is your family ? i am sorry to hear that . i hope you find a good one . 	A: My family is ok. It was a family that I read about that had the fire. I don't know them	B: i hope you find a new one . i have a pet to help them . 	A: I don't need a new one. It was another family	B: oh , that is a good thing to do . i have a friend who was it ? 
IEVAL-000400	A: I bumped into a friend from middle school. We chatted for a while	B: How did it go?	A: It brought up lots of memories from school._x000D_	B: How did it go?	A: WE had a fun time talking about the old times	B: How did it go?
IEVAL-000401	A: I bumped into a friend from middle school. We chatted for a while	B: that ' s really nice of you to do that . did you get to talk to them again ?	A: Yes, it brought back lots of memories.	B: i ' m glad to hear that . it ' s always nice to have a friend you can talk to again .	A: I was thinking of going out to dinner with them	B: that sounds like a great idea . i wish i had a friend like that . i hope you have a great time .
IEVAL-000402	A: I bumped into a friend from middle school. We chatted for a while	B: How did that go?	A: We had a great talk about our fun times in school	B: That's great! What did you guys talk about?	A: We talked about all the parties we attending and the time we went ice skating	B: That sounds like a lot of fun. What did you guys talk about?
IEVAL-000403	A: I bumped into a friend from middle school. We chatted for a while	B: i am sure that was a good thing to do . i am glad they did not get any trouble ! 	A: It brought back lots of memories from school_x000D_	B: that is a good feeling . i bet that was a good time 	A: I was thinking of going out to dinner with them one day	B: i am sorry , that is a good thing to have . what happened ? 
IEVAL-000404	A: I recently had to attend a funeral. That's never a fun day.	B: What kind of funeral was it?	A: My grandmother passed away. She was old but I will miss her being around.	B: How old is she?	A: She was in her 90's but young at heart.	B: Wow, that's a long time ago. You must be very proud of her.
IEVAL-000405	A: I recently had to attend a funeral. That's never a fun day.	B: oh no , i ' m sorry to hear that . i hope you ' re feeling better now .	A: She raised me so I will miss her terribly.	B: i can ' t imagine how hard that must have been for you . i am so sorry for your loss .	A: Thank you, what should I do to help the pain?	B: i don ' t know how to help you , but i wish you the best of luck in the future .
IEVAL-000406	A: I recently had to attend a funeral. That's never a fun day.	B: Oh no! I'm sorry to hear that. Did you have a good time?	A: It was horrible. My grandmother passed away.	B: I'm so sorry to hear that. I hope you had a good time.	A: What should I do to help with the pain of my loss?	B: I'm so sorry to hear that. I hope everything works out for you.
IEVAL-000407	A: I recently had to attend a funeral. That's never a fun day.	B: i am glad you had a friend who was there ? 	A: My grandmother who passed away. She was my friend my whole life.	B: i am sorry to hear that . what happened ? 	A: She had heart disease.  She raised me so I will miss her terribly.	B: i am sorry , i am so sorry to hear that . i hope she is a good she has to come through that . 
IEVAL-000408	A: My wife usually sniffs out anything going on, but I was able to successfully plan a surprise party for her without her knowing.	B: What kind of party was it?	A: It was a surprise party_x000D_	B: What kind of party was it?	A: It was a surprise party	B: What kind of party was it?
IEVAL-000409	A: My wife usually sniffs out anything going on, but I was able to successfully plan a surprise party for her without her knowing.	B: that ' s great that you were able to do that . it ' s always good to be prepared .	A: I really wanted her party to be special so I found a way to invite all of her friends_x000D_	B: yeah , it was a lot of fun . i think i ' m going to do it again .	A: The party was indeed fun because we played some great games	B: what kind of games did you play ? i ' ve never played any of the ones you mentioned .
IEVAL-000410	A: My wife usually sniffs out anything going on, but I was able to successfully plan a surprise party for her without her knowing.	B: What kind of party was it?	A: a surprise party	B: It was a surprise party.	A: Yes, everything was done without her knowing about it	B: I bet it was a nice surprise party.
IEVAL-000411	A: My wife usually sniffs out anything going on, but I was able to successfully plan a surprise party for her without her knowing.	B: that sounds great ! i have a friend that is a lot . i am sure she will be able to do the same ! 	A: It can be hard hiding things from people, but the result is worth it. I hope your friend has an amazing party	B: that makes me so much . what did you do ? 	A: I tried my best to avoid leaving any evidence of things around the house	B: that is a good thing to do . i hope you have to deal with that . 
IEVAL-000412	A: I'm grateful for the work hours, but bummed that I can't get time off.	B: What kind of work do you do?	A: I'm a doctor	B: What kind of doctor do you do?	A: I don't specialize in anything really. I'm just a general doctor	B: What kind of doctor do you work for?
IEVAL-000413	A: I'm grateful for the work hours, but bummed that I can't get time off.	B: i am sorry to hear that . what are you going to do with the rest of your time ?	A: I didn't get the time off. I'll try my best to enjoy my time after work relaxing_x000D_	B: what do you do for a living ? do you have any hobbies you like to do ?	A: I'm a doctor, and I like to read in my spare time	B: that ' s great ! i love to read as well . what kind of books do you like ?
IEVAL-000414	A: I'm grateful for the work hours, but bummed that I can't get time off.	B: What are you going to do to get time off?	A: I didn't get my time off	B: I'm sorry to hear that. I hope you get time off.	A: I wish I could. Hopefully I'll get some in a couple of months_x000D_	B: I hope so too. I hope you get a good time off.
IEVAL-000415	A: I'm grateful for the work hours, but bummed that I can't get time off.	B: i am sorry , i hope you feel better . 	A: Thanks. I'm hoping that if I work hard I'll be able to get the time off during the winter. Until then I'll try having fun after work	B: it is a lot of work ! 	A: yes, my job is demanding	B: that is great ! what do you have ? 
IEVAL-000416	A: i did not expect my car to be soo good for the price i paid	B: What kind of car was it?	A: It is a Camry! 	B: What kind of Camry is it?	A: It is a blue sedan, six cylinder.	B: Wow, that is a nice car.
IEVAL-000417	A: i did not expect my car to be soo good for the price i paid	B: what kind of car did you get ? i ' m sure it ' s not as good as you expected .	A: I got a Camry. What make you not so sure about it?	B: i don ' t know . i ' ve never had a car that ' s lasted that long .	A: My car is brand new, not used.	B: oh , i see . well , at least you ' re happy with your purchase . i hope you enjoy your new car .
IEVAL-000418	A: i did not expect my car to be soo good for the price i paid	B: What kind of car did you get?	A: A Toyota Camry! I am psyched!	B: What kind of car did you get?	A: A brand new Camry!	B: It's a Honda Camry. I have never had a car like that in my life.
IEVAL-000419	A: i did not expect my car to be soo good for the price i paid	B: that is great ! i am sorry to hear that . what did you get ? 	A: Well I got a Toyota Camry, brand new!	B: that is awesome . what was your favorite game ? 	A: Well, unrelated to my new car, I guess my favorite game if Farmville.	B: oh , that is not good , how did that happen ? 
IEVAL-000420	A: My father almost passed away last year. It was very tough on everyone	B: How old is he?	A: He is 82, so 81 last year when he almost died.	B: How old is he?	A: He is 82.	B: How old is he?
IEVAL-000421	A: My father almost passed away last year. It was very tough on everyone	B: i ' m so sorry to hear that . i know how hard it is to lose someone you love .	A: Yes, it was traumatic. 	B: i can ' t imagine how hard that must have been for you . i am so sorry for your loss .	A: Thank you. I want to get over flashbacks, but I get them more often than ever.	B: i know what you mean . flashbacks are the worst . it ' s so hard to deal with them .
IEVAL-000422	A: My father almost passed away last year. It was very tough on everyone	B: I am so sorry to hear that.	A: Thanks. It is hard to deal with, even though he is somewhat better now.	B: I am so sorry to hear that.	A: Oh thank you. Have you ever experienced almost losing someone you love?	B: No, I haven't. I am so sorry to hear that. Thank you for your kind words.
IEVAL-000423	A: My father almost passed away last year. It was very tough on everyone	B: i am so sorry to hear that . how long have you had a good life . i hope he was able to find out of your life . 	A: Oh, well he is 82 now. Lat year was frightening when we almost lost him	B: oh , no . that sucks . did you get any trouble ? 	A: Not trouble, just a lot of anxiety and sadness at the time.	B: that is good , how long have you been together ? 
IEVAL-000424	A: I was delighted the other day when I got to see a friend that I had not seen in 20 years.	B: How did it go?	A: It went well. We had fun catching up.	B: That's great. How did it go?	A: It went good.	B: It went well. How did it go?
IEVAL-000425	A: I was delighted the other day when I got to see a friend that I had not seen in 20 years.	B: that ' s great ! i ' m happy for you . it ' s always nice to see friends you haven ' t seen in a while .	A: Yes, I was reminded of all the good times we had together.	B: i bet . i wish i had more friends like that . i ' d be happy to see them again .	A: Maybe you will one day.	B: i hope so . do you have any other friends that you ' d like to talk to about it ?
IEVAL-000426	A: I was delighted the other day when I got to see a friend that I had not seen in 20 years.	B: That's great! How long have you been together?	A: I was known her for 5 years, but hadn't seen her in 20. It was nice to see her again.	B: That's great! How long have you been together?	A: I told you.	B: We have been together for a few years now. It's been a long time since we've seen each other.
IEVAL-000427	A: I was delighted the other day when I got to see a friend that I had not seen in 20 years.	B: that is awesome . i hope you guys get some great news . 	A: Yes, she seemed to be doing well. It was so nice to see her again.	B: that is a good thing . i bet you were happy . 	A: I was, yes.	B: what did he do ? 
IEVAL-000428	A: I keep hearing strange noises in my house. My husband is out of town and I'm all alone. There has been reports of break ins on my street.	B: What kind of noises?	A: Tapping noises on the windows.	B: What kind of noises?	A: I just told you.	B: What kind of noises?
IEVAL-000429	A: I keep hearing strange noises in my house. My husband is out of town and I'm all alone. There has been reports of break ins on my street.	B: that ' s really scary . i hope you ' re able to find someone to help you out .	A: Thank you. I hope it's nothing serious, but I am scared.	B: i would be too if i were you . maybe you can call the police and see if they can help .	A: I might do that. Thanks again.	B: no problem . i wish you the best of luck and i hope everything turns out well for you .
IEVAL-000430	A: I keep hearing strange noises in my house. My husband is out of town and I'm all alone. There has been reports of break ins on my street.	B: Oh no! I am so sorry to hear that. Have you tried calling the police?	A: Not yet. I'm considering it.	B: I am so sorry to hear that. Have you tried calling the police?	A: No.	B: I am so sorry to hear that. I hope everything works out for you.
IEVAL-000431	A: I keep hearing strange noises in my house. My husband is out of town and I'm all alone. There has been reports of break ins on my street.	B: oh my goodness , that is not good , how long have you had to do ? 	A: I've been hearing strange noises for about an hour now. I'm scared.	B: that is a good thing to be in the world . i hope it is not too late to get the right now . 	A: What do you mean?	B: i am sure that you are a good feeling . 
IEVAL-000432	A: One time when I was kicked out of the place I was staying at, my best friend immediately told me I could stay with her until I got on my feet.	B: Oh no! How did that make you feel?	A: I felt good that a friend was willing to help me out	B: How did that make you feel?	A: I felt pretty grateful.	B: It was very nice of you.
IEVAL-000433	A: One time when I was kicked out of the place I was staying at, my best friend immediately told me I could stay with her until I got on my feet.	B: that ' s really nice of your friend to do that . i ' m sorry you had to go through that .	A: Yes, my friend is very kind	B: i wish i had a friend like that . it ' s hard to have someone like that around .	A: Good friends are very valuable to have.	B: i agree . i don ' t know if i could be friends with someone who would do that to me .
IEVAL-000434	A: One time when I was kicked out of the place I was staying at, my best friend immediately told me I could stay with her until I got on my feet.	B: Oh no! I'm so sorry to hear that. Did she say anything to you?	A: She offered to help me any way she cou;d	B: Oh no, I'm so sorry to hear that. Did she say anything to you?	A: I already answered that question	B: Oh no, I'm so sorry to hear that. I am so sorry that happened to you.
IEVAL-000435	A: One time when I was kicked out of the place I was staying at, my best friend immediately told me I could stay with her until I got on my feet.	B: that is a shame ! did she get a good reason ? 	A: My friend wantd to help me out.	B: oh wow , that is a good thing 	A: YEs, she is very kind.	B: that is a good thing . i am sorry to hear that . i hope she has a good reason . 
IEVAL-000436	A: I was very sad when I found out that my neighbors houses were going to be demolished because the city ordered it..	B: Were you able to find out who did it?	A: The city ordered it but it seems very unkind and unfair.	B: Were you able to find out who did it?	A: No, I don't know who actually did it.	B: That's good to hear. I'm glad you found out who did it.
IEVAL-000437	A: I was very sad when I found out that my neighbors houses were going to be demolished because the city ordered it..	B: i ' m sorry to hear that . what did you do to make them get rid of it ?	A: There was nothing I could do. 	B: that ' s too bad . i hope you can find a way to make it up to them .	A: I will try to give them some food and items to help them out.	B: that sounds like a good idea . i wish you the best of luck in your future endeavors .
IEVAL-000438	A: I was very sad when I found out that my neighbors houses were going to be demolished because the city ordered it..	B: Oh no! I am so sorry to hear that. Did you find out who did it?	A: No I don't know who did it.	B: I am so sorry to hear that. I hope you find out who did it.	A: I think the city had someone do it.	B: Thank you for your kind words. I hope you find out who did it.
IEVAL-000439	A: I was very sad when I found out that my neighbors houses were going to be demolished because the city ordered it..	B: that is not good . what happened ? 	A: They decied to build a new road in that area.	B: that is good , what kind of car is it ? 	A: I did not say anything about a car	B: that is so bad ! what happened ? 
IEVAL-000440	A: Something I did not expect from a neighbor, this morning he gave me some beautiful flowers	B: What kind of flowers?	A: They were red roses, verry pretty.	B: That sounds like a lot of flowers.	A: It was not a lot, only a dozen. I appreciated them though_x000D_	B: That sounds like a lot of flowers.
IEVAL-000441	A: Something I did not expect from a neighbor, this morning he gave me some beautiful flowers	B: that ' s so nice of him ! what kind of flowers did he give you , if you don ' t mind me asking ?	A: They were roses. It was a very sweet gesture.	B: i ' m sure it was . it ' s always nice to have a neighbor that appreciates you .	A: That is for sure. It does make me wonder if he has feelings for me though	B: maybe he does . maybe he just doesn ' t like you as much as you ' d like him to be .
IEVAL-000442	A: Something I did not expect from a neighbor, this morning he gave me some beautiful flowers	B: What did he give you?	A: a dozen red roses	B: What did he give you?	A: uhhh I told you, red roses	B: What did he give you?
IEVAL-000443	A: Something I did not expect from a neighbor, this morning he gave me some beautiful flowers	B: that is great . what did they do ? 	A: They just handed them to me, it was great	B: that is a nice thing to have . 	A: Yeah, they were pretty. I went back inside and put them in water right away	B: that is a bummer , i hope you get the soon . 
IEVAL-000444	A: A few weeks ago a coworker called in sick. I had to work twice as long as I normally would.	B: That's terrible. What did they do?	A: They just were sick I guess, I had to work more, it was VERY annoying_x000D_	B: What did they do?	A: They apologized	B: I don't know what they did, but I'm glad it worked out for you.
IEVAL-000445	A: A few weeks ago a coworker called in sick. I had to work twice as long as I normally would.	B: i ' m sorry to hear that . how long did it take for you to get back to work ?	A: It took HIM the next day. I had to work way more	B: that ' s a bummer . i hope you ' re able to find a new job soon .	A: I didn't quit, I was just annoyed by the whole situation	B: i can understand that . i ' ve had that happen to me before . it ' s not fun .
IEVAL-000446	A: A few weeks ago a coworker called in sick. I had to work twice as long as I normally would.	B: I'm sorry to hear that. What did you do?	A: I didn't tell him how annoying it was. I just let it go_x000D_	B: I'm sorry to hear that. Have you talked to him about it?	A: No, I just accepted it. He may have actually been sick, 	B: I'm sorry to hear that. Have you talked to him about it?
IEVAL-000447	A: A few weeks ago a coworker called in sick. I had to work twice as long as I normally would.	B: that is so sad . did he get any good ? 	A: Yeah, he is better now_x000D_	B: i am sure he has a good life for me ! 	A: uhh, maybe, but I was annoyed about him calling in sick_x000D_	B: i am sorry , i hope he does not get any more than that . i am so sorry to deal with that . what happened to him ? 
IEVAL-000448	A: I had a solo competition last week for cello. I was well prepared and knew my music well. I felt great walking into that room.	B: What kind of music was it?	A: It was heavy metal by the band Volbeat.  You know Volbeat?	B: Yeah, it was really cool.	A: It was so awesome, just like me.	B: That's awesome.  I'm glad you enjoyed it.
IEVAL-000449	A: I had a solo competition last week for cello. I was well prepared and knew my music well. I felt great walking into that room.	B: that ' s awesome ! i ' m sure you ' ll do great ! what instrument did you play ?	A: I play the cello.	B: i love cello ! it ' s one of my favorite instruments . what kind of music do you like to play ?	A: Cello music, especially the solos._x000D_	B: do you have any other hobbies ? i ' ve been playing since i was a kid .
IEVAL-000450	A: I had a solo competition last week for cello. I was well prepared and knew my music well. I felt great walking into that room.	B: That's great! What kind of music was it?	A: It was "Forgot about Dre", by Eminem.  Don't you just love Eminem?	B: I have never heard of that. I've never heard of it.	A: You will like it.  I can't wait for you to hear it.	B: I can't wait to hear it. I've never heard of it.
IEVAL-000451	A: I had a solo competition last week for cello. I was well prepared and knew my music well. I felt great walking into that room.	B: that sounds so nice ! what did you do 	A: I played a cello solo.	B: oh wow that is awesome ! i bet that is a good feeling . i am sure it is a great game ! 	A: It is not a game to me.	B: i am sorry to hear that . i hope it was a good game 
IEVAL-000452	A: there was a shooting in a gas station near me i was really devastated	B: Oh no, what happened?	A: Three victims were shot.	B: Oh no, what happened?	A: Three victims were shot, I said, and now I want to defend myself against this cruel world.	B: Oh no, what happened?
IEVAL-000453	A: there was a shooting in a gas station near me i was really devastated	B: oh no , i ' m so sorry to hear that . i hope you ' re doing okay .	A: I'm fine.  But three people were shot.	B: oh wow , that ' s terrible . i am so sorry you had to go through that . it ' s so sad .	A: It makes me feel afraid for my safety_x000D_	B: i don ' t know if i ' ll ever be able to get out of the house again .
IEVAL-000454	A: there was a shooting in a gas station near me i was really devastated	B: I am so sorry to hear that. Did you get hurt?	A: No, I wasn't a victim.  But it happened close to me.	B: I am so sorry to hear that. Did you get hurt?	A: No, the victims were hurt, though.	B: I am so sorry to hear that. I hope you are okay.
IEVAL-000455	A: there was a shooting in a gas station near me i was really devastated	B: oh no , that is awful ! did you find out what happened ? 	A: Three victims were shot in this instance.	B: oh no , i am sorry to hear that . 	A: I need to defend myself.	B: that sounds great ! i have a feeling any way to do that ? 
IEVAL-000456	A: I was able to go back home to my parents for a few weeks recently. It was wonderful to relax in my childhood home.	B: That's great! Did you have a good time?	A: I really did! 	B: That's great! I'm glad you had a good time!	A: Thank you. It was a lot of fun.	B: That's great! I'm glad you had a good time!
IEVAL-000457	A: I was able to go back home to my parents for a few weeks recently. It was wonderful to relax in my childhood home.	B: that ' s great ! i ' m glad you were able to do that . did you have a lot of fun ?	A: I did! I spent a good deal of time walking around my neighborhood and chatting with friends from childhood. That was really enjoyable for me._x000D_	B: what do you like to do in your spare time ? i like to spend time with my friends and family .	A: I enjoy spending time with my friends and family, too. I also enjoy reading and cycling.	B: that sounds like a great way to spend your free time . do you have any hobbies ?
IEVAL-000458	A: I was able to go back home to my parents for a few weeks recently. It was wonderful to relax in my childhood home.	B: That sounds like a lot of fun. Did you have a good time?	A: I really enjoyed myself, yes.	B: That sounds like a lot of fun. Did you have a good time?	A: I did, yes. Thank you for asking.	B: I'm glad you had a good time. I hope you have a great time.
IEVAL-000459	A: I was able to go back home to my parents for a few weeks recently. It was wonderful to relax in my childhood home.	B: that is great . i bet your dad can help you get the memories 	A: Yes, he and I often discuss fun things from the past._x000D_	B: that is good to hear . i am sure you will get some cool stuff from the best of luck . 	A: Thank you! I hope you are correct.	B: i am sorry to hear that . i hope you have a good luck . 
IEVAL-000460	A: I come home from work and my parents always seem to be arguing. It's very frustrating.	B: Why is that?	A: It is frustrating because I am unable to relax._x000D_	B: Have you tried talking to them about it yet?	A: I have tried, but they don't seem to be interested in discussing it with me.	B: Have you tried talking to them about it yet?
IEVAL-000461	A: I come home from work and my parents always seem to be arguing. It's very frustrating.	B: i ' m sorry to hear that . have you tried talking to them about why they ' re arguing ?	A: I have, but they do not seem interested in discussing it with me.	B: that ' s too bad . maybe they just don ' t want to talk to you about it .	A: That's what it seems.	B: maybe you can talk to your parents about it and see if they ' d like to discuss it with you .
IEVAL-000462	A: I come home from work and my parents always seem to be arguing. It's very frustrating.	B: I'm sorry to hear that. Have you talked to them about it?	A: I tried, but they did not seem to be interested in discussing it with me.	B: I'm sorry to hear that. Have you talked to them about it?	A: Yes.	B: I'm sorry to hear that. Have you talked to them about it?
IEVAL-000463	A: I come home from work and my parents always seem to be arguing. It's very frustrating.	B: that is not good , but it is not a good thing . 	A: It was difficult.	B: i hope you feel better soon ! 	A: Thank you!	B: i have been a few times . 
IEVAL-000464	A: When my children were born, it was a rejoicing time for me. I can't think of a time I felt more happiness.	B: How old is your son?	A: he is 11_x000D_	B: How old is he?	A: He is 11 years old.	B: How old is he?
IEVAL-000465	A: When my children were born, it was a rejoicing time for me. I can't think of a time I felt more happiness.	B: that ' s great to hear . i ' m glad you had a good time with your children .	A: Thank you. Do you have any children?_x000D_	B: i don ' t have any , but i ' ve always wanted to have one . what about you ?	A: I have two children.	B: oh wow ! how old are they ? do they live with you or are they with someone else ?
IEVAL-000466	A: When my children were born, it was a rejoicing time for me. I can't think of a time I felt more happiness.	B: I am so sorry to hear that. How old are they now?	A: My children are 11 and 13 years old.	B: I am so sorry to hear that. How old are they now?	A: My children are 11 and 13 years old.	B: I am so sorry to hear that. How old are they now?
IEVAL-000467	A: When my children were born, it was a rejoicing time for me. I can't think of a time I felt more happiness.	B: that is a good idea ! i am sure you will have a great time 	A: I don't understand your response. Please explain. 	B: i am sorry . i hope you have a good feeling . 	A: Ok, thank you.	B: i am glad you have a great time ! 
IEVAL-000468	A: When I was in elementary school I was envious of the kids who were popular!	B: How old were they?	A: they were 5 or 6	B: How old were they?	A: 5 or 6	B: How old were they?
IEVAL-000469	A: When I was in elementary school I was envious of the kids who were popular!	B: i ' m sorry to hear that . did you get along well with the other kids in your class ?	A: I did with the others. Thank you.	B: that ' s good to hear . it ' s always good to get along with your fellow students .	A: Yes, thank you. 	B: you ' re welcome . i wish you the best of luck with your future endeavors in life .
IEVAL-000470	A: When I was in elementary school I was envious of the kids who were popular!	B: What did you do with the kids?	A: I tried to play with them, but they did not like me.	B: What did you do with them?	A: I told you. I tried to play with them.	B: What did you do with them?
IEVAL-000471	A: When I was in elementary school I was envious of the kids who were popular!	B: oh , that is a good thing to be able to get the same . 	A: What do you mean?	B: i agree , what is the name ? 	A: I don't' understand	B: that is great ! i am sorry . i am glad to hear you are okay 
IEVAL-000472	A: My wife has been out of the country for 2 months, and is getting back in a week. I'm super pumped!	B: That's awesome! I'm happy for you!	A: Thank you! It is so exciting since she's been gone for so long.	B: That's awesome! I'm happy for you!	A: Thank you! Do you know about Germany?	B: Yeah, I'm happy for you!
IEVAL-000473	A: My wife has been out of the country for 2 months, and is getting back in a week. I'm super pumped!	B: that ' s awesome ! i hope you guys have a great time together . where are you guys going ?	A: We aren't going anywhere. She is coming home after being gone for a long time.	B: oh , i see . well , i hope she ' s having a good time with you guys .	A: We aren't together yet. She is still in Germany.	B: oh , well , that sounds like a lot of fun . have you guys been together for a while ?
IEVAL-000474	A: My wife has been out of the country for 2 months, and is getting back in a week. I'm super pumped!	B: That's awesome! How long have you two been together?	A: For over a decade now.	B: We have been together for a long time. It's been a long time since we've been together.	A: Are you saying you are married?	B: We are. We have been together for a long time. It's been a long time since we've been together.
IEVAL-000475	A: My wife has been out of the country for 2 months, and is getting back in a week. I'm super pumped!	B: that is a good thing to do . i am glad you have a lot of time ! 	A: I didn't say that.	B: why did you say why ? 	A: I said my wife will be home from a long trip to Germany.	B: that is nice ! how long have you been there ? 
IEVAL-000476	A: I love the adventure and perspective of living away from my home state -- but that doesn't mean I don't miss elements of it while I'm gone!	B: Where did you go?	A: Are you asking where I live now?	B: That's awesome! I'm sure you're going to have a great time!	A: I am not really sure what you are responding to.	B: That's awesome! I'm sure you'll have a great time!
IEVAL-000477	A: I love the adventure and perspective of living away from my home state -- but that doesn't mean I don't miss elements of it while I'm gone!	B: that ' s a great way to look at it . what do you like about living in your home state ?	A: i loved being near my family. I loved how people were kind. I also loved that I lived right near the beach.	B: i ' ve never been to the beach , but i ' d love to go one day . what ' s the beach like ?	A: It is beautiful! The sounds and smells are so relaxing.	B: i ' ll have to check it out some time . it sounds like a great place to visit .
IEVAL-000478	A: I love the adventure and perspective of living away from my home state -- but that doesn't mean I don't miss elements of it while I'm gone!	B: I'm sorry to hear that. Do you live far away from home?	A: Yes I do. I move a lot because my husband is in the military.	B: I'm sorry to hear that. Do you live far away from home?	A: Yes I do. I just said that.	B: I'm sorry to hear that. Do you live far away from home?
IEVAL-000479	A: I love the adventure and perspective of living away from my home state -- but that doesn't mean I don't miss elements of it while I'm gone!	B: i am sure you are a great parent ! 	A: I am not a parent. I am sentimental for my home state since my husband and I live in another state now.	B: that is so sweet . what did you do ? 	A: Are you asking what I did in my home state?	B: i can imagine . i am sorry for you 
IEVAL-000480	A: My wife was working yesterday, but she ended up taking the rest of the day off to spend time with me! I was shocked.	B: What kind of work did she do?	A: Oh, she work as a nurse_x000D_	B: That sounds like a lot of work.	A: Yes it is that is why i was happy she took a day off	B: That sounds like a lot of work to me.
IEVAL-000481	A: My wife was working yesterday, but she ended up taking the rest of the day off to spend time with me! I was shocked.	B: that ' s awesome ! how long did it take for her to get back to her normal schedule ?	A: About a couple of weeks	B: i ' m glad it worked out for you guys . i hope you guys have a great time together .	A: Thank you so much, i am sure we will have an awesome day.	B: it ' s always nice to have a good relationship with someone you love . i wish you all the best .
IEVAL-000482	A: My wife was working yesterday, but she ended up taking the rest of the day off to spend time with me! I was shocked.	B: You must be so proud of her.	A: Yes I am	B: You must be very proud of her.	A: yes i am	B: I am, I am so proud of her.
IEVAL-000483	A: My wife was working yesterday, but she ended up taking the rest of the day off to spend time with me! I was shocked.	B: oh , that is so nice ! i hope you get it ! 	A: Thank you so much!_x000D_	B: what is your favorite part of the week ? 	A: Yesterday when I spend time with my wife on a park	B: that is awesome ! what kind of car is it ? 
IEVAL-000484	A: I feel like a terrible sibling right now.	B: Why do you feel that way?	A: I lost my job	B: Why do you feel that way?	A: I lost my job and wont be able to give her a gift on here bday	B: Why do you feel that way?
IEVAL-000485	A: I feel like a terrible sibling right now.	B: i ' m sorry to hear that . why do you feel that way ? what ' s going on ?	A: I did not went out with my sister when she was here	B: oh , that ' s too bad . i hope things get better for you and your sister soon .	A: THank you for your concern	B: you ' re welcome . it ' s always good to have someone to talk to when you feel down .
IEVAL-000486	A: I feel like a terrible sibling right now.	B: Why is that?	A: I avoided her even if she was in town today	B: Why did you do that?	A: I was hiding something from her	B: Why were you hiding something from her?
IEVAL-000487	A: I feel like a terrible sibling right now.	B: i am sorry to hear that . what happened ? 	A: I avoided my sister even though she was in town.	B: that is a shame . i am glad you were able to find a friend to help her out 	A: yes	B: that is great ! what did you have ? 
IEVAL-000488	A: I'm ready for college football to start. I can't wait for kickoff weekend!	B: What team are you rooting for?	A: Badgers are my favorite team.  Do you like football?	B: I love football. Who are you rooting for?	A: Badgers, I just told you that.	B: That's cool.  I like football too.  I love football.
IEVAL-000489	A: I'm ready for college football to start. I can't wait for kickoff weekend!	B: i ' ve never heard of that . what team are you rooting for ? do you have a favorite team ?	A: Yes, the Wisconsin Badgers are my favorite team.  	B: that ' s cool . i don ' t know much about college football . i ' ll have to check it out .	A: You really should.  Its so much fun to watch and I can't wait.	B: i will have to look into it . it ' s been a long time since i was a fan .
IEVAL-000490	A: I'm ready for college football to start. I can't wait for kickoff weekend!	B: Are you excited for it?	A: Oh yes!  I can hardly wait.  Do you like college football?	B: I love football, I love football.	A: What is your favorite team?	B: I love football, I love football.  I love football too!
IEVAL-000491	A: I'm ready for college football to start. I can't wait for kickoff weekend!	B: that is a great attitude . i am sure you are excited for you . 	A: Oh yes I am, very much so.  Do you like college football?	B: i am sure you are ! 	A: How do you feel about sports?	B: i have been there . what is it for ? 
IEVAL-000492	A: I'm so lonely. I mean... i have no friends, no husband, no kids. i wish i had at least somebody in my life	B: How long have you been married?	A: I am not married.  Are you married?	B: No, but i'm happy for you.	A: Wow, you are rude.	B: That's awesome.  I'm happy for you.
IEVAL-000493	A: I'm so lonely. I mean... i have no friends, no husband, no kids. i wish i had at least somebody in my life	B: i am sorry to hear that . do you have any hobbies that you like to do ?	A: Yes, I like putting puzzles together.  What do you like to do?	B: i like to read and play video games . i also like to watch netflix . what about you ?	A: Yes, sometimes.  But I am sad most of the time.	B: that ' s sad . i hope you can find someone to make you feel better about your loneliness .
IEVAL-000494	A: I'm so lonely. I mean... i have no friends, no husband, no kids. i wish i had at least somebody in my life	B: I'm sorry to hear that. Do you have any family?	A: My mom just passed away and I am alone.	B: I am so sorry to hear that. I'm so sorry for your loss.	A: Thanks, its really hard sometimes.	B: Thank you for your kind words. Thank you.
IEVAL-000495	A: I'm so lonely. I mean... i have no friends, no husband, no kids. i wish i had at least somebody in my life	B: i am sorry to hear that . how long have you been friends for you ? 	A: I don't have any friends.  I am so lonely.	B: i know that feeling , but you can not wait to see them 	A: Maybe someday I will feel better and make friends.	B: i know what i mean . what is your favorite thing you have to deal with that ? 
IEVAL-000496	A: Sometimes we have angels, called friends, I'm happy because God sent me mine	B: What kind of angels do you have?	A: the only angels i've encountered are my closest friends	B: What kind of angels do you have?	A: the closest thing to an angel i have is my best friend	B: That sounds like a good friend.
IEVAL-000497	A: Sometimes we have angels, called friends, I'm happy because God sent me mine	B: that ' s very nice of him to do that for you . what do you do for fun ?	A: spending time with my friend is my favorite way of having fun	B: that sounds like a great way to spend time with your friend . i wish i had a friend like that .	A: i feel bad that you don't have a friend like mine_x000D_	B: i wish you the best of luck in your friend ' s life , i hope you have a great day
IEVAL-000498	A: Sometimes we have angels, called friends, I'm happy because God sent me mine	B: What kind of angels are you talking about?	A: my angels are my friends. especially my best friend	B: I'm so sorry to hear that. I hope you have a great time.	A: no, i love my friends. i don't want anyone else	B: I'm so sorry to hear that. I hope you have a great time.
IEVAL-000499	A: Sometimes we have angels, called friends, I'm happy because God sent me mine	B: that is good . what are you planning to do ? 	A: i want to do something to make my friend happy_x000D_	B: that is great . i love it . 	A: do you have any friends that you feel grateful to?	B: i am sorry to hear that . i hope that you have someone to do that for you 
IEVAL-000500	A: Today traffic was horrible and was so frustrating!	B: Oh no, what happened?	A: the other drivers kept pissing me off	B: Oh no, what happened?	A: they kept cutting me off. i hate that_x000D_	B: Oh no, that's awful. I'm glad you're okay!
IEVAL-000501	A: Today traffic was horrible and was so frustrating!	B: oh no , i ' m sorry to hear that . what did you do to make it worse ?	A: the other drivers made my experience terrible_x000D_	B: thank you . i hope you have a good day today . i am so sorry for your loss .	A: i didn't kill anyone though	B: that ' s good to hear . do you have any other hobbies that you are looking forward to ?
IEVAL-000502	A: Today traffic was horrible and was so frustrating!	B: Oh no, what happened?	A: these drivers kept cutting me off in traffic	B: Oh no, what happened?	A: the other drivers kept getting on my nerves	B: Oh no! I am so sorry to hear that. Did you get hurt?
IEVAL-000503	A: Today traffic was horrible and was so frustrating!	B: i am sure you will do that 	A: i kept getting cut off by the other drivers	B: that is not nice of you . i have a friend who was in the past ? 	A: i don't know what you're saying_x000D_	B: what is the reason ? 
IEVAL-000504	A: I got some great news today! My husband got a better paying job offer!	B: Congratulations! What kind of job is it?	A: He has been offered the position of Executive Chef at the best restaurant in town.	B: That sounds like a great job!	A: It is awesome and with the better pay, we will be able to afford a bigger house.	B: That sounds like a great job!
IEVAL-000505	A: I got some great news today! My husband got a better paying job offer!	B: that ' s great news ! i ' m so happy for you ! what kind of job is it ?	A: He is a police officer and has been offered a job as the police chief in his home town.	B: that sounds like a great job ! i hope you guys have a great time together . i hope everything goes well for you guys .	A: Me too.  I am so excited.  We have already started looking for homes in the neighborhood.	B: it ' s always good to look for homes . i ' ve been looking for a new home for a while now .
IEVAL-000506	A: I got some great news today! My husband got a better paying job offer!	B: That's great! What kind of job is it?	A: He is going to be the new head football coach at the university.	B: That's great! I hope you have a great time!	A: I'm really looking forward to it.  I'm a little nervous though because I won't know many people.	B: That's great! I hope you have a great time!
IEVAL-000507	A: I got some great news today! My husband got a better paying job offer!	B: that is great ! i am happy for you . what did he do ? 	A: He is going to be the head mechanic at the Ford plant in town.	B: that is a good idea . 	A: We are so excited to return to his hometown.	B: that is great ! i am happy for you . i am sure it will be fun . what is the name of the trip ? 
IEVAL-000508	A: I ate way too many sweets today!	B: What did you eat?	A: I had a bowl of ice cream with hot fudge	B: What did you eat?	A: I had way too much and now I regret it.	B: That sounds delicious! I'm glad you enjoyed it!
IEVAL-000509	A: I ate way too many sweets today!	B: oh no ! what kind of sweets did you eat ? i ' m trying to lose weight myself .	A: I had a cupcake and a bowl of ice cream, yikes!	B: oh no , that ' s not good . i hope you ' re feeling better now . i know how that feels .	A: I need to do better tomorrow and avoid eating any sweets.	B: i know what you mean . it ' s hard when you have to eat a lot of sweets .
IEVAL-000510	A: I ate way too many sweets today!	B: What did you eat?	A: I had cotton candy and a hot fudge sundae!	B: Oh no! I'm so sorry to hear that. What did you eat?	A: I feel so guilty for eating all of that, I will need to avoid sweets for a week to make up for it.	B: Oh no! I'm so sorry to hear that. I am so sorry that happened to you.
IEVAL-000511	A: I ate way too many sweets today!	B: oh no ! i love that . what kind of cake was it ? 	A: it wasn't cake, it was a snickers bar and a tootsie roll	B: i am sorry . did they have any other day at it ? 	A: I will make up for it tomorrow and run and extra mile to work off the calories	B: that is a good idea ! i am sure that you are a good parent ! 
IEVAL-000512	A: I'm looking for a new job, and I'm feeling pretty good about my options.	B: What kind of job is it?	A: sales executive	B: What kind of job is it?	A: Sales Executive in Finance company	B: That's awesome. What kind of job is it?
IEVAL-000513	A: I'm looking for a new job, and I'm feeling pretty good about my options.	B: that ' s great to hear . what kind of job are you looking for ? what do you want to do ?	A: SALES EXECUTIVE	B: that sounds like a great job . i hope you get the job you ' re looking for soon .	A: THANK YOU	B: you are welcome . i wish you the best of luck with your new job . you deserve it .
IEVAL-000514	A: I'm looking for a new job, and I'm feeling pretty good about my options.	B: What kind of jobs are you looking for?	A: I'm searching for sales executive job	B: What kind of job are you looking for?	A: sales executive in finance institutions	B: I am looking for a job. I'm looking for a new job.
IEVAL-000515	A: I'm looking for a new job, and I'm feeling pretty good about my options.	B: that is great ! you should be a good career . 	A: I'M LOOKING FOR SALES EXECUTIVE JOB	B: what do you think about doing it ? 	A: TO INCREASE MY SKILLS	B: that is a great attitude ! 
IEVAL-000516	A: I love my baby so much! he is teething right now and i don't even know how to help him :(	B: That's awesome! I'm happy for you!	A: HE IS A BOY BABY.WHAT KIND OF HELP CAN I GIVE?	B: That's awesome! I'm happy for you!	A: THAT'S GREAT	B: That's awesome! I'm happy for you!
IEVAL-000517	A: I love my baby so much! he is teething right now and i don't even know how to help him :(	B: aww , i ' m sorry to hear that . how old is he ? is he a boy or a girl ?	A: HE IS 1 YEARS OLD	B: awww , that ' s so cute . i bet you ' re so proud of him .	A: WITH PLASURE.THANK YOU	B: you are very welcome . i wish you the best of luck with the rest of your baby ' s life .
IEVAL-000518	A: I love my baby so much! he is teething right now and i don't even know how to help him :(	B: I am so sorry to hear that. I hope you have a great time!	A: HE IS TEETHING.WHAT KIND OF HELP CAN I HELP HIM?	B: I am so happy for you! I hope you have a great time!	A: THANK YOU	B: Thank you! I hope you have a great time!
IEVAL-000519	A: I love my baby so much! he is teething right now and i don't even know how to help him :(	B: i hope he is a good parent 	A: YOU'RE RIGHT	B: i am not sure what is the name of the world 	A: WHAT KIND OF HELP CAN I HELP HIM?	B: what is the reason for ? 
IEVAL-000520	A: I expected the new incredibles to be pretty bad but to my pleasure it came out good.	B: What did you expect?	A: I thought it was going to be bad	B: What did you expect?	A: worse then it was	B: I didn't expect it to be bad, but I'm glad it worked out well for you.
IEVAL-000521	A: I expected the new incredibles to be pretty bad but to my pleasure it came out good.	B: i haven ' t seen it yet , but i ' ve heard good things about it . what ' s it about ?	A: its animated hero movie	B: that sounds interesting . i ' ll have to check it out . do you have a favorite superhero ?	A: batman thats another movie though 	B: that ' s cool . i like batman too . he ' s one of my favorite superheroes .
IEVAL-000522	A: I expected the new incredibles to be pretty bad but to my pleasure it came out good.	B: What did you get out good?	A: movie was good	B: I got a new one and a new one.	A: thought it was going to be terrible but wasn't	B: What movie was it?
IEVAL-000523	A: I expected the new incredibles to be pretty bad but to my pleasure it came out good.	B: oh that sounds like a fun thing 	A: It was good	B: what happened ? 	A: It was really funny	B: that is good . what happened ? 
IEVAL-000524	A: I'm a bit nervous - I have an upcoming certification exam to take for my teaching license and it's a big deal.	B: What kind of exam is it?	A: It is for my teaching license	B: What kind of exam is it?	A: A certification exam	B: What kind of exam is it?
IEVAL-000525	A: I'm a bit nervous - I have an upcoming certification exam to take for my teaching license and it's a big deal.	B: i am sure you will do great ! i hope it all goes well and that you do well !	A: Thank you, that is nice of you to say	B: i wish you the best of luck and i hope you have a great day ! good luck ! !	A: Thanks again!	B: you ' re welcome . i hope everything goes well for you and that it all works out for you !
IEVAL-000526	A: I'm a bit nervous - I have an upcoming certification exam to take for my teaching license and it's a big deal.	B: What kind of test is it?	A: It is for my teaching license	B: It's a math test. I'm sure you'll do great!	A: Not really more general exam	B: I am sure you will do great! I'm sure you'll do great!
IEVAL-000527	A: I'm a bit nervous - I have an upcoming certification exam to take for my teaching license and it's a big deal.	B: that is a pretty good idea . i am sure you will do well , and you will be fine ! 	A: Thank you, I am really worried	B: i am sure you feel better ! 	A: I have studied but I am still concerned	B: i am glad you are ok ! i am sure you will do fine . 
IEVAL-000528	A: My husband usually gets a big bonus around this time of the year. We are eagerly waiting, hoping, and waiting for it!	B: What are you waiting for?	A:  We are waiting to see how much bonus he will get this year, if he gets one.	B: That sounds like a lot of money!	A: It is often big enough for the family to enjoy a great vacation.	B: That sounds like a lot of money!
IEVAL-000529	A: My husband usually gets a big bonus around this time of the year. We are eagerly waiting, hoping, and waiting for it!	B: that ' s great ! i ' m sure you ' ll get it soon . how long have you been together ?	A: We have been together for 2 years now.	B: congrats ! i hope everything goes well for you guys . i wish you all the best !	A: Thank you. He is a really nice guy and he takes care of the family well.	B: it ' s nice to have someone like that in your life . i hope you guys have a great year !
IEVAL-000530	A: My husband usually gets a big bonus around this time of the year. We are eagerly waiting, hoping, and waiting for it!	B: How long have you two been together?	A: We celebrated our 10th anniversary yesterday.	B: That's a long time. How long have you two been together?	A: We've been together since we got married 10 years ago.	B: That's a long time. How long have you two been together?
IEVAL-000531	A: My husband usually gets a big bonus around this time of the year. We are eagerly waiting, hoping, and waiting for it!	B: that is great , i bet your son will get the right now ! i hope it goes well for you . what are you doing to have ? 	A: My husband and our son are planning a trip. We always  look forward to this each year.	B: that is great . what kind of dog do you have ? 	A: We do not have a dog because I am allergic to it.	B: i am sorry , i hope that you have a cat and your cat is ok ? 
IEVAL-000532	A: It really bothers me that my son sticks his dirty socks in the toy box	B: Why does he do that?	A: I ask him the same thing. 	B: Why does he do that?	A:  I have told him several times to put them straight in the laundry. I get frustrated.	B: Why does he do that?
IEVAL-000533	A: It really bothers me that my son sticks his dirty socks in the toy box	B: i ' m sorry to hear that . do you think he ' s going to do it again ?	A: I hope not!	B: i hope so too . i hope he doesn ' t do that again . that ' s the worst .	A: Exactly. I sometimes get anxious that I yell.	B: i know what you mean . i ' ve been there . it ' s not fun at all .
IEVAL-000534	A: It really bothers me that my son sticks his dirty socks in the toy box	B: Why does he do that?	A: I have no idea. I have told him several times to put it in the laundry.	B: Why does he do that?	A: I guess he just is not paying attention.	B: I am sorry to hear that. I hope he doesn't do it again.
IEVAL-000535	A: It really bothers me that my son sticks his dirty socks in the toy box	B: that is a bummer . i have had that happen to me too . i am sorry to hear about that . 	A: I guess he'll eventually listen.	B: why ? 	A: He will as he grows older.	B: he is so sweet ! i love my dad . 
IEVAL-000536	A: My niece made me proud today, graduated from her nursing school.	B: That's great! How old is she?	A: She is 20.	B: Wow, you must be very proud of her.	A: I am very proud of her.	B: You must be very proud of her.
IEVAL-000537	A: My niece made me proud today, graduated from her nursing school.	B: that ' s great ! i ' m sure she ' s proud of you for doing such a great job .	A: I am proud of her she is the one who accomplished something.	B: it ' s always good to be proud of your niece . i wish you all the best in the future .	A: She is going to work for an oncologist.	B: that sounds like a very rewarding job . i hope she enjoys it as much as i do .
IEVAL-000538	A: My niece made me proud today, graduated from her nursing school.	B: That's great! You must be very proud of her.	A: I am._x000D_	B: I am, I am so proud of her.	A: She is going to work for an oncologist now that she has graduated.	B: That's great! You must be very proud of her.
IEVAL-000539	A: My niece made me proud today, graduated from her nursing school.	B: that must be so hard ! how did you do ? 	A: I was very excited.	B: that sounds like fun ! what kind of test ? 	A: She got her nursing degree so she passed her nursing exam.	B: that is great . how did she get her ? 
IEVAL-000540	A: I found an injured bird in my yard today, it was only a baby too!	B: What kind of bird was it?	A: I am not exactly sure._x000D_	B: What kind of bird was it?	A: Not sure.	B: It must have been a very big one!
IEVAL-000541	A: I found an injured bird in my yard today, it was only a baby too!	B: that ' s awesome ! what kind of bird was it ? i ' m sure it wasn ' t a baby .	A: I am not sure of the type, but I am sure it was a baby.	B: i hope it ' s not a baby ! i ' d be so sad if that happened to me .	A: I am sad, but glad I found it to get it help.	B: you ' re so lucky to have found it ! i hope you can find it back soon , too .
IEVAL-000542	A: I found an injured bird in my yard today, it was only a baby too!	B: I am so sorry to hear that. What kind of bird was it?	A: I am not exactly sure.	B: It was a bearded dragon. I am so sorry to hear that.	A: That's a lizard	B: It was a bearded dragon. I am so sorry to hear that.
IEVAL-000543	A: I found an injured bird in my yard today, it was only a baby too!	B: oh wow that is so sweet . what happened ? 	A: I had to have someone come and get it.	B: oh no . i am glad that you have a good friend ! 	A: Me to.	B: why ? 
IEVAL-000544	A: I have a feeling that the rest of this year is going to be great to me! I'm already working out and just have good vibes about the upcoming months.	B: That's great! How long have you been working out?	A: I have been working out for about 2 years now.  I have lost a lot of weight, and I really enjoy it.	B: That's great! I'm happy for you!	A: Thanks!  Do you like to work out as well?	B: Yes, I like to work out as well!
IEVAL-000545	A: I have a feeling that the rest of this year is going to be great to me! I'm already working out and just have good vibes about the upcoming months.	B: that ' s great to hear . i hope you have a great rest of the year . what do you do for fun ?	A: I like to read, listen to music, and watch sports.  What do you like to do?	B: i love to read as well . i also like to play video games . what kind of music do you listen to ?	A: I like mostly R&B, hip hop, and rock music.  How about you?	B: i like all kinds of music . i listen to a lot of hip hop and r and b .
IEVAL-000546	A: I have a feeling that the rest of this year is going to be great to me! I'm already working out and just have good vibes about the upcoming months.	B: That's great! I hope you have a great time!	A: Thanks!  Do you have any plans for the new year?	B: I have plans for the new year! I hope you have a great time!	A: I do hope to have a good time.  I think if I meet my resolutions and try to improve as a person, it will be a great year.	B: I hope so too!  I hope you have a great time!
IEVAL-000547	A: I have a feeling that the rest of this year is going to be great to me! I'm already working out and just have good vibes about the upcoming months.	B: that is great ! how long have you had your first week and i have to start a lot of money ! 	A: I have been starting the year off very well.  I am making good money at my job.	B: that is great ! i am sure it is good for you . 	A: It is very good for me, and its good to be in shape and feel healthy	B: that is good . you should be able to help you get a great career ! 
IEVAL-000548	A: I was over here in the US when my Grandma passed in Scotland. I was so upset - nobody could get hold of me to tell me and her funeral was over before I knew about it.	B: How old is your Grandma?	A: She was 85 years old when she passed away.	B: How old is she now?	A: She is not alive anymore	B: Wow, that is a long time ago. You must be very proud of her.
IEVAL-000549	A: I was over here in the US when my Grandma passed in Scotland. I was so upset - nobody could get hold of me to tell me and her funeral was over before I knew about it.	B: i ' m sorry to hear that . i know how you feel . it ' s hard to lose someone you love .	A: Itwas very hard.  She was very special to me.	B: that ' s good to hear . i hope you ' re able to find peace in the meantime .	A: I thank you for your kind words.  It gets easier every day.	B: i wish you the best of luck in the rest of your life . you ' ll be fine .
IEVAL-000550	A: I was over here in the US when my Grandma passed in Scotland. I was so upset - nobody could get hold of me to tell me and her funeral was over before I knew about it.	B: Oh no! I'm so sorry to hear that. Were you close to her?	A: Yes, my grandma was one of the most special people in my life.	B: I'm so sorry to hear that. I'm sorry you had to deal with that.	A: Thank you for your sympathy	B: Thank you for your kind words. Thank you!
IEVAL-000551	A: I was over here in the US when my Grandma passed in Scotland. I was so upset - nobody could get hold of me to tell me and her funeral was over before I knew about it.	B: that is terrible ! how old is she now ? 	A: She is not alive anymore, but she passed away when she was 85	B: oh my gosh , i am sorry for that , so sorry to hear that , i am so sorry to hear . 	A: Thank you, it was a difficult time for me and my family	B: it is good to hear . it is a good thing to be . 
IEVAL-000552	A: it is incredible to see how technology has advanced these past days	B: What kind of technology is it?	A: Like iPhones and cars and such.	B: What kind of technology is it?	A: You aren't listening.	B: yea i know what you mean
IEVAL-000553	A: it is incredible to see how technology has advanced these past days	B: i agree . it ' s amazing how much technology has changed over the years . technology has been around for a long time .	A: It really has! And it only gets better from here on out. There's so much to look forward to.	B: yes , technology is so much better now than it was back in the day . things have changed a lot since then .	A: Right, we will have an even better and brighter future with all the advances in technology.	B: i ' m sure we will . we ' ve always been at the top of the technology ladder .
IEVAL-000554	A: it is incredible to see how technology has advanced these past days	B: why is that?	A: It makes me feel positive about our future with technology. 	B: why is that?	A: We have so much to look forward to with how technology will transform our lives and our kids' lives. 	B: why is that?
IEVAL-000555	A: it is incredible to see how technology has advanced these past days	B: i am glad to hear that ! i hope you are happy ! 	A: I am very happy! We have so much to look forward to.	B: nice ! what is the best of luck ! 	A: I'm not sure I know what you mean.	B: i hope it goes well . 
IEVAL-000556	A: When I was younger, I got my driver's license. I was sooo scared to drive, because i didn't want to get into an accident.	B: Did you get into an accident?	A: No, I did not. I was just worried I would.	B: Did you get into an accident?	A: No, I did not.	B: That's great. I'm glad you didn't get into an accident.
IEVAL-000557	A: When I was younger, I got my driver's license. I was sooo scared to drive, because i didn't want to get into an accident.	B: that ' s a good reason to be scared . i ' m glad you were able to get your license .	A: Me too! I became a safe driver after months of practice.	B: it ' s good to hear that you ' re doing so well . i hope i can do the same .	A: As long as you take the time to practice, you'll do fine.	B: i ' ll try my best . thank you for the encouragement . it means a lot to me .
IEVAL-000558	A: When I was younger, I got my driver's license. I was sooo scared to drive, because i didn't want to get into an accident.	B: Oh no! I'm so sorry to hear that. Did you get hurt?	A: No, I did not get hurt. I adjusted to driving and felt comfortable driving with time. 	B: Oh no! I'm so sorry to hear that. Did you get hurt?	A: No, I did not.	B: I am so sorry to hear that. I hope you didn't get hurt.
IEVAL-000559	A: When I was younger, I got my driver's license. I was sooo scared to drive, because i didn't want to get into an accident.	B: i hope you get a car to be a good deal . 	A: Your sentence is not gramatically correct.	B: that is a good thing to do 	A: I don't understand.	B: that is a good thing to be able to do that for me . i hope you feel better for you 
IEVAL-000560	A: I was soooo excited to take our kids to Disneyland for the first time!	B: That's awesome! How many kids do you have?	A: I have 2. A boy and a girl.	B: Wow, that's amazing! I'm so happy for you!	A: Yeah we had a lot of fun and many great experiences!	B: That's awesome! I'm so happy for you!
IEVAL-000561	A: I was soooo excited to take our kids to Disneyland for the first time!	B: that sounds like a lot of fun ! how many kids do you have and how old are they ?	A: 2 kids ages 8 and 10. How about you?	B: i have two as well . i ' m sure you ' ll have a great time with them !	A: I did already!! We are home now.	B: that ' s great ! it ' s always nice to be home when you ' re not working .
IEVAL-000562	A: I was soooo excited to take our kids to Disneyland for the first time!	B: That's awesome! What kind of kids do you have?	A: A boy and a girl 	B: I have a boy and a girl and a girl!	A: Ohh thats awesome. So 1 boy and 2 girls?	B: That's awesome! I hope you guys have a great time!
IEVAL-000563	A: I was soooo excited to take our kids to Disneyland for the first time!	B: i bet that is fun . i bet that was fun ! i bet that was fun . 	A: Itotally was! Disney is my favorite place to be.	B: that is awesome , i am sure you will get a good one ! 	A: We went on so many rides and ate delicious food. It was great!!!	B: that sounds nice 
IEVAL-000564	A: I know I broke up with my ex, but I can't help but feel irritated when he talks about going on dates.	B: How long have you been together?	A: About a year.	B: How long have you been together?	A: I said about a year already. But we are bromen up now.	B: That's a long time. How long have you been together?
IEVAL-000565	A: I know I broke up with my ex, but I can't help but feel irritated when he talks about going on dates.	B: i ' m sorry to hear that . i ' ve been in that situation before . it ' s hard .	A: Yeah. I hate that it bothers me. Its not like i want him back.	B: i know what you mean . i don ' t think i could ever want to go on a date again .	A: I want to date again.	B: that ' s good to hear . i wish you the best of luck in your future endeavors .
IEVAL-000566	A: I know I broke up with my ex, but I can't help but feel irritated when he talks about going on dates.	B: Why did you break up with him?	A: We were fighting way too much and it was not healthy.	B: Why did you break up with him?	A: I just told you.	B: Why did you break up with him?
IEVAL-000567	A: I know I broke up with my ex, but I can't help but feel irritated when he talks about going on dates.	B: i am sorry to hear that . i am sorry to hear that . i am sorry to hear that . i am sure you will not have any friends . 	A: Well thats rude of you to say.	B: i am sorry to hear that . i am sure you will do something to help . 	A: I guess. Maybe i will date someone also to make him jealous	B: that is not good . what kind of job ? 
IEVAL-000568	A: I admire my boss because he does not act like a boss. He acts more like a friend and he is so down to earth.	B: Have you tried talking to him about it?	A: I told him he is a good boss.	B: Have you tried talking to him about it?	A: yes.	B: Have you tried talking to him about it?
IEVAL-000569	A: I admire my boss because he does not act like a boss. He acts more like a friend and he is so down to earth.	B: that ' s great that you have a boss like that . it ' s always good to have a good boss .	A: I know.	B: i ' m sure you ' ll have a great boss in the future . i wish you the best of luck .	A: thank you.  I know I will.	B: you ' re welcome . i hope everything goes well for you . good luck with the rest of your day .
IEVAL-000570	A: I admire my boss because he does not act like a boss. He acts more like a friend and he is so down to earth.	B: I'm sorry to hear that. Have you talked to him about it?	A: I told him he is a good friend.	B: Yes, I have talked to him about it. I am so sorry to hear that.	A: I appreciate him.	B: Thank you for your kind words. I am sure he will appreciate it.
IEVAL-000571	A: I admire my boss because he does not act like a boss. He acts more like a friend and he is so down to earth.	B: that is a nice thing to be able to help you out . 	A: yes, I know	B: that is good ! i am sure you will be able to do that . 	A: I like good bosses that act like friends.	B: that is good . why do not you ? 
IEVAL-000572	A: I felt pretty bad when I was having girl talk with my friend and we were talking about our partners. Her boyfriend had made a pass at me, but I never told her about it.	B: Did you tell her about it?	A: No, I was afraid to	B: Did you tell her about it?	A: No	B: Did you tell her about it?
IEVAL-000573	A: I felt pretty bad when I was having girl talk with my friend and we were talking about our partners. Her boyfriend had made a pass at me, but I never told her about it.	B: i ' m sorry to hear that . did you talk to your friend about it ? did you tell her ?	A: No, I was afraid of how she would feel about me.	B: that ' s too bad . i hope you ' re able to work things out with your friend .	A: I hope I can tell her sometime soon.	B: i hope so too . do you think you ' ll be able to talk to her again soon ?
IEVAL-000574	A: I felt pretty bad when I was having girl talk with my friend and we were talking about our partners. Her boyfriend had made a pass at me, but I never told her about it.	B: What did you tell her about?	A: I tried to think of what to say to her.	B: What did she say to you?	A: She didn't know it happened.	B: That's terrible. Did she say anything to you about it?
IEVAL-000575	A: I felt pretty bad when I was having girl talk with my friend and we were talking about our partners. Her boyfriend had made a pass at me, but I never told her about it.	B: that is a good feeling to have to do the same . i am sorry . how did she get her ? 	A: I was afraid to tell her about what happened.	B: i am sorry to hear that . what did she do 	A: she don't know yet.	B: i understand . i feel sorry for you . i am sure you will get it 
IEVAL-000576	A: A have a friend that is going to be visiting me this week! I cannot wait!	B: That's awesome!  What are you going to do?	A: We are going to talk, have coffee, and go shopping!	B: That sounds like a good idea!	A: She's going to love visiting here, it will be fun! I think it's a good idea too, thanks!	B: That sounds like a great idea!  I'm sure it will be fun!
IEVAL-000577	A: A have a friend that is going to be visiting me this week! I cannot wait!	B: that ' s awesome ! i ' m sure you ' ll have a great time . where are you going ?	A: We will go to a coffee shop and the mall.	B: that sounds like a lot of fun . i hope you have a good time and enjoy your time .	A: Thanks, I'm really excited to see her!	B: i bet she ' ll be so excited ! i hope she ' s a great friend and you have fun !
IEVAL-000578	A: A have a friend that is going to be visiting me this week! I cannot wait!	B: Are you going to visit them?	A: No, they are coming here to visit me!_x000D_	B: Are you going to visit them?	A: I am not going to visit her, she is coming here	B: Oh no! I am so sorry to hear that. I hope you have a great time!
IEVAL-000579	A: A have a friend that is going to be visiting me this week! I cannot wait!	B: that is awesome ! what is the name of the trip ? 	A: It is awesome, the trip's name is "She is visiting me"!_x000D_	B: i am sorry , it is nice to have a great time ! 	A: You don't have to be sorry, it is a very good thing she is visiting. I think we will have a great time!	B: it is a good thing . i hope you guys have a lot of fun . 
IEVAL-000580	A: Our cat had to many health problems, so we had to put him down.	B: Oh no, what happened?	A: He was too sick to stay alive. 	B: Oh no, what happened?	A: He had feline leukemia so we had him euthanized. _x000D_	B: Oh no, what happened?
IEVAL-000581	A: Our cat had to many health problems, so we had to put him down.	B: oh no , i ' m so sorry to hear that . i hope he ' s doing better now .	A: 'put him down' means to kill him so he will never be doing better.	B: oh , i didn ' t know that . it ' s good that you ' re taking care of him .	A: Well, he's "taken care of" in a mobster sense, not in a healthy way.	B: that ' s very true . i wish you the best of luck with the rest of your life .
IEVAL-000582	A: Our cat had to many health problems, so we had to put him down.	B: I am so sorry to hear that.	A: Thank you, it is a pretty rough time right now. I am sad about it.	B: I am so sorry to hear that. I hope everything works out for you.	A: I think I'll be okay after some time goes by.	B: Thank you for your kind words. I hope everything works out for you.
IEVAL-000583	A: Our cat had to many health problems, so we had to put him down.	B: oh my goodness ! what happened to you ? 	A: After he was put down I was very, very sad	B: that is a shame , i am glad you have that a few years ago . 	A: It just happened recently	B: that is terrible , i am sorry to hear that , i hope you get it back to your doctor ? 
IEVAL-000584	A: Not too long ago, my mother unexpectedly paid off a high monthly payment and interest loan! I couldn't believe it!	B: That's awesome! You must be very proud of her.	A: I was surprised. I think I feel more grateful to be honest.	B: That's great! I'm happy for you!	A: Thank you, that's kind of you to say. Moms can really come through for you.	B: That's very kind of you. I'm happy for you!
IEVAL-000585	A: Not too long ago, my mother unexpectedly paid off a high monthly payment and interest loan! I couldn't believe it!	B: that ' s awesome ! i ' m glad she was able to pay it off . how much did she owe ?	A: Well she paid my debt. It was about five thousand dollars. It was unexpected, and I appreciate it.	B: wow , that is a lot of money . i hope you ' re able to repay her in the future .	A: Yeah it was a lot, which is why I was so surprised. She said I did not have to pay her back.	B: it ' s good to hear that you didn ' t have to . i wish you the best of luck .
IEVAL-000586	A: Not too long ago, my mother unexpectedly paid off a high monthly payment and interest loan! I couldn't believe it!	B: I am so sorry to hear that. What did she do?	A: No, it is a good thing. She paid some debt for me.	B: I am so sorry to hear that. What did she do?	A: Why are you sorry? It is a good feeling.	B: I am so sorry to hear that. What did she do?
IEVAL-000587	A: Not too long ago, my mother unexpectedly paid off a high monthly payment and interest loan! I couldn't believe it!	B: wow that is a pretty good feeling ! 	A: I know, I feel good like a weight is off my shoulders.	B: that is great ! i am sure you will be able to get the promotion . 	A: Why do you think i will get the promotion?	B: that is awesome . what kind of job is it ? 
IEVAL-000588	A: One of my friends recently bought a house. I really wish I could afford a house.	B: What kind of house?	A: It is a colonial style house in the country. It is really big, I am surprised they need all that space.	B: Wow, you must be very proud of them.	A: Of course. But they earn a lot of money, so it's easy for them. Not like me.	B: That is very nice of them. You must be very proud of them.
IEVAL-000589	A: One of my friends recently bought a house. I really wish I could afford a house.	B: i ' m sorry to hear that . do you think you ' ll be able to afford it ?	A: It is going to take a long time to save up. I am on a fixed income.	B: that ' s great to hear . i wish you the best of luck in your future endeavors .	A: Is it great? Some people seem to have it so easy in life.	B: yes , it is great . it ' s hard to believe that you can ' t afford it .
IEVAL-000590	A: One of my friends recently bought a house. I really wish I could afford a house.	B: What kind of house is it?	A: A colonial style house out in the country.	B: I don't know if I can afford a house. I don't think I would be able to afford it.	A: My either. It's on a large piece of land as well. Some people have all the luck!	B: I'm sorry to hear that. I hope you have a great time!
IEVAL-000591	A: One of my friends recently bought a house. I really wish I could afford a house.	B: i hope you have a lot of fun ! 	A: well it's not my house, so it's not so fun for me.	B: i love to hear that . i am glad to hear that . 	A: Why are you glad to hear that?	B: i am sure you will get the best of us 
IEVAL-000592	A: I love what I do because it's about both inspiring and empowering people to be their best and to excel at their jobs.	B: That's great! What do you do?	A: I run a job training program for trans teens	B: That's awesome! What kind of work do you do?	A: I manage the center and also teach classes.	B: That's awesome! I'm so happy for you!
IEVAL-000593	A: I love what I do because it's about both inspiring and empowering people to be their best and to excel at their jobs.	B: that ' s a great way to look at it . i ' m glad you ' re doing what you love .	A: Thanks, I think it's really important work and I'm glad I like doing it.	B: i wish you the best of luck in your endeavors . i hope you have a great day !	A: Thank you, that's a nice thing to say. I hope you have a great day too!	B: thank you ! i hope your day goes as well as you hope it will . good luck to you !
IEVAL-000594	A: I love what I do because it's about both inspiring and empowering people to be their best and to excel at their jobs.	B: That's great! What do you do?	A: I help people be better at their jobs!	B: That's great! I'm sure you'll do great!	A: Thanks, I really enjoy it and think I'm doing a good job.	B: That's great! I'm sure you'll do great!
IEVAL-000595	A: I love what I do because it's about both inspiring and empowering people to be their best and to excel at their jobs.	B: i hope that is not too bad . 	A: It's not bad at all, I really enjoy what I do.	B: that is a great thing 	A: It is a great thing!	B: what kind ? 
IEVAL-000596	A: I had to dogsit for my dad about a week ago. I had to clean up dog poop at least 10 times, it was awful.	B: What kind of dog was it?	A: The dog was a  big St. Bernard	B: That sounds like a lot of fun.	A: If you're being sarcastic, then yes, it was a lot of fun.	B: That sounds like a lot of fun.
IEVAL-000597	A: I had to dogsit for my dad about a week ago. I had to clean up dog poop at least 10 times, it was awful.	B: oh no ! i ' m so sorry to hear that . did you have to clean it up ?	A: I did have to clean it up, it was gross! Poop is gross.	B: i can ' t imagine . i hope you ' re able to find a way to deal with it .	A: I dealt with it, I cleaned it up. It was everywhere. And it smelled bad.	B: that ' s good to hear . i wish you the best of luck with the rest of your day .
IEVAL-000598	A: I had to dogsit for my dad about a week ago. I had to clean up dog poop at least 10 times, it was awful.	B: I am sorry to hear that. Did you clean it up?	A: I did. I cleaned it up every single time!	B: Did you clean it up or clean it up?	A: I cleaned it up.	B: I cleaned it up. I did clean it up and clean it up.
IEVAL-000599	A: I had to dogsit for my dad about a week ago. I had to clean up dog poop at least 10 times, it was awful.	B: oh my god , that is awful . did you have a pet ? 	A: I didn't have a pet, but my dad does, that's the dog I was watching.	B: oh no ! what kind did he get in ? 	A: I don't understand what you're asking.	B: that is not good ! why do you think about the future ? i am sorry to hear . i hope you get the soon ! 
IEVAL-000600	A: I just got a new pair of yeezy shoes and a clean hair cut.	B: That's great! What kind of shoes?	A: They are the newest hottest Yeezys!	B: That sounds like a lot of fun.	A: It is a lot of fun. I love them. I have gotten so many compliments already!	B: That's great! You must be so proud of yourself!
IEVAL-000601	A: I just got a new pair of yeezy shoes and a clean hair cut.	B: i love yeezys ! what style did you get ? i ' ve been thinking about getting my hair done .	A: I got the new cream colored ones!	B: that ' s awesome ! i ' m sure you ' ll love them . do you have a favorite color ?	A: I think my favorite color is red.	B: red is a great color . it ' s one of my favorite colors as well . what ' s your favorite color now ?
IEVAL-000602	A: I just got a new pair of yeezy shoes and a clean hair cut.	B: What kind of shoes did you get?	A: They are the newest and hottest Yeezys!	B: I don't know if I can afford them. I've never done that before.	A: They are a bit on the expensive side.	B: I've never done that before. I don't know if I can afford them either.
IEVAL-000603	A: I just got a new pair of yeezy shoes and a clean hair cut.	B: that is so bad . i bet it is a lot of fun 	A: It is not bad at all. But it is a lot of fun.	B: i am sorry to hear that . what is the reason ? 	A: There is nothing to be sorry about. I am feeling great!	B: that is great ! i hope you get a lot of work 
IEVAL-000604	A: i found a bunch of dead mice the other day	B: What did you do with them?	A: I had to pick them up and throw them away in the dumpster.	B: What did you do with them?	A: I threw them away in the dumpster.	B: What did you do with them?
IEVAL-000605	A: i found a bunch of dead mice the other day	B: oh no ! what did you do with them ? did you get rid of them or just throw them away ?	A: I had to throw them away n the dumpster.	B: i ' m sorry to hear that . i hope you ' re able to get them back soon .	A: I don't want them back!	B: that ' s too bad . i wish you the best of luck with the rest of your life .
IEVAL-000606	A: i found a bunch of dead mice the other day	B: What did you do with them?	A: I threw them away in the dumpster.	B: What did you do with them?	A: I picked them up and threw them away in the dumpster.	B: What did you do with them?
IEVAL-000607	A: i found a bunch of dead mice the other day	B: that is terrible . how did you find out ? 	A: I walked in and saw one and kept finding more.	B: that sounds like fun 	A: It is not fun at all!	B: i have a lot of pizza ! i am glad you are going through . i am glad you feel for you . 
IEVAL-000608	A: I am so thrilled to be able to go on a short but long overdue vacation	B: Where are you going?	A: We are going to the beach_x000D_	B: Which beach are you going to?	A: A beach in the south, i am really excited to go!	B: That sounds like a great time!
IEVAL-000609	A: I am so thrilled to be able to go on a short but long overdue vacation	B: that ' s awesome ! what kind of vacation are you taking ? i hope you have a great time !	A: Oh thank you, we are  going to the beach!	B: that sounds like a lot of fun ! i ' m sure you ' ll have lots of fun .	A: Yes we are going to do lots of activities and games, i am really looking forward to it!	B: sounds like you ' re going to have a blast ! i wish you all the best of luck !
IEVAL-000610	A: I am so thrilled to be able to go on a short but long overdue vacation	B: Where are you going?	A: I am going to the seaside with some friends_x000D_	B: Where are you going to go?	A: We will probably hang out at the beach and play some games_x000D_	B: That sounds like a lot of fun! Where are you going to go?
IEVAL-000611	A: I am so thrilled to be able to go on a short but long overdue vacation	B: that is great ! i hope you get the beach ! 	A: Yes we are going to the beach, i am very excited!	B: that sounds fun ! i hope you enjoy it ! 	A: Thank you, we have lots of fun planned!	B: it is nice to hear that . 
IEVAL-000612	A: I was so envious of my friend when she won from a lottery ticket she bought for a buck.	B: How much did she win?	A: A lot of money!!!!	B: That's a lot of money!	A: Its just not fair i never win!	B: That's great. I bet she won a lot of money.
IEVAL-000613	A: I was so envious of my friend when she won from a lottery ticket she bought for a buck.	B: wow , that ' s a lot of money . i ' m sorry to hear about your friend .	A: Its just not fair i never win!	B: i know what you mean . it ' s hard to win when you don ' t have the money .	A: I know and she always wins!	B: i wish i had more money to spend on things like that . maybe i ' ll win one day .
IEVAL-000614	A: I was so envious of my friend when she won from a lottery ticket she bought for a buck.	B: How much did she win?	A: So much money, like $10000	B: How much did she win?	A: A lot!!!!	B: How much did she win?
IEVAL-000615	A: I was so envious of my friend when she won from a lottery ticket she bought for a buck.	B: oh wow , that is not a nice thing for your friend ! 	A: Its just not fair i never win!	B: that is great ! you should get the right ? 	A: I need a win!	B: i am sorry to hear that . i hope it goes well for you 
IEVAL-000616	A: I'm in contract to buy my first house, fingers crossed closing goes well and I close next Friday!	B: That's awesome! What are you going to do with it?	A: No idea right now.	B: What are you going to do with it?	A: Decorate the whole house.	B: What are you going to do with it?
IEVAL-000617	A: I'm in contract to buy my first house, fingers crossed closing goes well and I close next Friday!	B: congrats ! i hope it goes well for you . i hope you have a great time !	A: I will be my home next month.	B: that ' s great ! it ' s always good to have a home to live in . do you have any hobbies ?	A: I love setting up a home garden and decorate the house.	B: that sounds like a lot of fun ! i ' ve always wanted to do that . what kind of things do you decorate ?
IEVAL-000618	A: I'm in contract to buy my first house, fingers crossed closing goes well and I close next Friday!	B: That's awesome! I hope you have a great time!	A: Thank you. 	B: Thank you! I hope you have a great time!	A: Well. I am going buy new  house. 	B: I hope you have a great time!
IEVAL-000619	A: I'm in contract to buy my first house, fingers crossed closing goes well and I close next Friday!	B: that is awesome . what is your favorite team ? 	A: I don't know. will find quickly.	B: what are you studying ? 	A: Just books reading	B: i love that 
IEVAL-000620	A: I keep having these dreams that I am out in public and somehow my clothes disappear. It's awful.	B: What kind of dreams do you have?	A: This is an uncomfortable dream.	B: What kind of dreams do you have?	A: Embarrassed dream.	B: That's a good question. I'm glad you're feeling better.
IEVAL-000621	A: I keep having these dreams that I am out in public and somehow my clothes disappear. It's awful.	B: oh no , i ' m sorry to hear that . do you have any idea why they ' re gone ?	A: Such kindness should not come to anyone	B: i agree . i hope you find a way to get rid of them . i ' ve had those dreams before .	A: Ok . I get well soon.	B: that ' s good to hear . i wish you the best of luck in your future dreams . : )
IEVAL-000622	A: I keep having these dreams that I am out in public and somehow my clothes disappear. It's awful.	B: Why is that?	A: Don't know. such kind of dream affect the mind.	B: I am so sorry to hear that. I hope you feel better soon.	A: Ok. It will be over soon.	B: I hope so too. I hope it will be over soon.
IEVAL-000623	A: I keep having these dreams that I am out in public and somehow my clothes disappear. It's awful.	B: i hope they have a lot of people ! i am sure you are a bit better ! 	A: I don't know what made me, I feel so embarrassed.	B: i am sorry to hear that , i know what you mean . i hope you get a good feeling . 	A: This time will be over soon.	B: i hope so too . i hope you get a good feeling . 
IEVAL-000624	A: I let a friend watch my dog for a week while I was out of town. I would've been devastated if anything happened to him that's why I could only entrust him to my best friend.	B: What kind of dog was it?	A: A Miniature Schnauzer. 	B: That sounds like a really good dog.	A: He is a great dog. He can be a bit high strung around other people, but he knew my best friend well. I think he enjoyed his week there. 	B: That sounds like a great friend.
IEVAL-000625	A: I let a friend watch my dog for a week while I was out of town. I would've been devastated if anything happened to him that's why I could only entrust him to my best friend.	B: i ' m sorry to hear that . what kind of dog do you have , if you don ' t mind me asking ?	A: I have a Miniature Schnauzer, and it worked out well. I think my dog liked staying with my friend. 	B: i ' ve never heard of that breed before , but it sounds like it would be a great companion dog .	A: They have to be trained well and then they are great dogs.	B: i ' ll have to look into getting one of those . they seem like a good companion animal .
IEVAL-000626	A: I let a friend watch my dog for a week while I was out of town. I would've been devastated if anything happened to him that's why I could only entrust him to my best friend.	B: What kind of dog was it?	A: It is a Miniature Schnauzer. 	B: I am so sorry to hear that. What kind of dog was it?	A: As I said, it is a Miniature Schnauzer. The dog was fine, my friend cared for her well and she was happy to see me when I returned.	B: I am so sorry to hear that. What kind of dog was it?
IEVAL-000627	A: I let a friend watch my dog for a week while I was out of town. I would've been devastated if anything happened to him that's why I could only entrust him to my best friend.	B: oh my goodness , how is that he is going ? 	A: He is doing well, I think he enjoyed his week with my friend.	B: that is a good friend ! 	A: He is a great friend, I can always count on him to help. 	B: i am glad you have a great time . 
IEVAL-000628	A: I stole a candy and drink from the gas station once, I felt terrible about the whole ordeal.	B: Why did you do that?	A: I was with a group of friends, the place was very crowded and we had a long wait. They dared me to do it and I foolishly did. 	B: What kind of candy was it?	A: If I remember correctly it was a Butterfinger and I really didn't enjoy eating it that much.	B: That sounds like a lot of candy. I'm glad you enjoyed it.
IEVAL-000629	A: I stole a candy and drink from the gas station once, I felt terrible about the whole ordeal.	B: oh no ! i ' m sorry to hear that . were you able to get the candy back ?	A: I did actually feel bad about it and went back to offer them money in return for the already eaten candy bar and drink.	B: that ' s a good thing to do . i would have done the same thing if i were you .	A: It helped a bit, and they were very gracious about it. I did it on a dare with a group of my friends when the place was very busy.	B: it ' s good that you were able to do that . i wish i could do the same .
IEVAL-000630	A: I stole a candy and drink from the gas station once, I felt terrible about the whole ordeal.	B: Why did you do that?	A: The store was very busy and I was with a group of friends who dared me to do it and so I foolishly accepted the dare.	B: Oh no! I am so sorry to hear that. I hope you feel better about it.	A: I did go back to the store later that day and paid for what I had taken. They were very impressed and did not press charges. 	B: Oh no! I am so sorry to hear that. I hope you feel better about it.
IEVAL-000631	A: I stole a candy and drink from the gas station once, I felt terrible about the whole ordeal.	B: that is a good thing to have to do 	A: It is not a good thing, It was wrong and I was sorry after I did it.	B: oh , that is not bad ! what kind of things are you going to do ? 	A: I went back to the store later to apologize and explain to them what happened. They were very impressed and I felt a bit better after that.	B: that is so nice ! i am glad you did not get into the car . 
IEVAL-000632	A: I realized yesterday I was pregnant, I was in shock!	B: How did that make you feel?	A: I felt like everything had come to a sudden end.	B: How did that make you feel?	A: I was heartbroken.	B: How did that make you feel?
IEVAL-000633	A: I realized yesterday I was pregnant, I was in shock!	B: congrats ! how long did it take for you to realize ? i ' m sure you ' ll be fine .	A: I had not planned for it!	B: well , it ' s good that you didn ' t ! i hope you have a great day !	A: But now, I have to plan for it!_x000D_	B: thank you so much for your kind words , it means a lot to me . have a good day !
IEVAL-000634	A: I realized yesterday I was pregnant, I was in shock!	B: How did that make you feel?	A: I felt like everything in the world had come to sudden end.	B: How did that make you feel?	A: I felt like I had lost everything.	B: I am so sorry to hear that. How did it make you feel?
IEVAL-000635	A: I realized yesterday I was pregnant, I was in shock!	B: that was so nice ! i am sure you did not get into a few weeks ago , i was a huge fan of you ? 	A: Did you hear me out? I said i realized yesterday that I was [pregnant!	B: oh wow , that is a very scary thing to do . i hope you did not have any good news . i am sure you did . 	A: No, Not again!	B: i am sorry to hear that , what did you do to do ? 
IEVAL-000636	A: I feel lonely sometimes cause I live in a house with 5 girls and all of them have boyfriends and sometimes they are all hanging out with their significant others and I feel lonely	B: How many girls do you have?	A: I have no girl! Just roommates.	B: How many girls do you have?	A: You are not listening.	B: I know what you mean. I don't have any girls either.
IEVAL-000637	A: I feel lonely sometimes cause I live in a house with 5 girls and all of them have boyfriends and sometimes they are all hanging out with their significant others and I feel lonely	B: i ' m sorry to hear that . have you tried talking to them about it ? maybe it will help .	A: No, I fee like I sometimes let them down.	B: that ' s a good thing to do . i wish you the best of luck in the future .	A: I think I also need to be with someone.	B: i think you ' ll find someone . it ' s just a matter of finding the right person .
IEVAL-000638	A: I feel lonely sometimes cause I live in a house with 5 girls and all of them have boyfriends and sometimes they are all hanging out with their significant others and I feel lonely	B: I'm sorry to hear that. Have you talked to them about it?	A: No, but I have talked to another friend of mine.	B: Have you talked to them about it?	A: No	B: Have you talked to them about it?
IEVAL-000639	A: I feel lonely sometimes cause I live in a house with 5 girls and all of them have boyfriends and sometimes they are all hanging out with their significant others and I feel lonely	B: that is a shame , i am sorry . i hope they do not have any kids , i am sure you are going to be a lot of them . 	A: I have come to love my life.	B: i am sure you will do a great time 	A: I am concentrating on making my life better.	B: that is great . what do you do to do for you ? 
IEVAL-000640	A: Been having a good day, relaxing on my couch watching Netflix. I got a nice cup of hot chocolate and my cat curled up in my lap.	B: That sounds like a lot of fun!	A: It is. I don't often get to enjoy lazy days like these.	B: That sounds like a lot of fun!	A: Yeah, I am enjoying myself.	B: That sounds like a lot of fun!
IEVAL-000641	A: Been having a good day, relaxing on my couch watching Netflix. I got a nice cup of hot chocolate and my cat curled up in my lap.	B: that sounds like a great day ! what kind of cat do you have , if i may ask ?	A: She was a stray, so I have no idea.	B: aww , i ' m so sorry to hear that . i hope she ' s safe now .	A: She used to be scared of everyone, but she has calmed down over the years.	B: that ' s good to hear . it ' s always good to have a safe home for your cat .
IEVAL-000642	A: Been having a good day, relaxing on my couch watching Netflix. I got a nice cup of hot chocolate and my cat curled up in my lap.	B: That sounds like a good day to me.	A: Yeah, I can't think of anything better.	B: That sounds like a good day to me.	A: It is. I hope I will get to have more of them in the future.	B: I hope so too. I hope you get to have more of them in the future.
IEVAL-000643	A: Been having a good day, relaxing on my couch watching Netflix. I got a nice cup of hot chocolate and my cat curled up in my lap.	B: that sounds like a lot of fun ! 	A: I wouldn't say "a lot", but I am enjoying myself.	B: what are you doing to do ? 	A: I am starting to get hungry, but I really don't want to move the cat.	B: that is so gross ! i am sorry to hear that , i hope you get it ! 
IEVAL-000644	A: I had to take my daughter to the doctor the other day. She was very sick.	B: Oh no, what happened?	A: The doctors say it was just a bad case of the flu.	B: I'm so sorry to hear that. I hope she is okay.	A: She is still not fully recovered, but she is much better then she was.	B: I'm so sorry to hear that. I hope she is okay.
IEVAL-000645	A: I had to take my daughter to the doctor the other day. She was very sick.	B: oh no , i ' m so sorry to hear that . i hope she ' s better now .	A: She's doing better now, turns out she just had a bad case of the flu.	B: oh no ! that ' s terrible ! i hope everything turns out well for her and her family .	A: Thanks, I think she will be better in another day or two.	B: i hope so ! it ' s always good to have a support system in place for your daughter .
IEVAL-000646	A: I had to take my daughter to the doctor the other day. She was very sick.	B: I'm so sorry to hear that. Is she better now?	A: They wanted her to stay overnight, but she was a lot better the next day.	B: I'm so sorry to hear that. Is she better now?	A: Yeah, she actually wanted to go out with her friends after she got home.	B: I'm so sorry to hear that. I hope everything works out for her.
IEVAL-000647	A: I had to take my daughter to the doctor the other day. She was very sick.	B: that is so sad . i am sure she will be able to get a pet . i am sorry for your loss . 	A: What? I'm talking about my daughter, who was sick.	B: that is so sad . i hope you find the same . i am sorry to hear that . what happened to her about ? 	A: She had the flu and had to go to the doctor.	B: i am sorry to hear that . how did she do that ? 
IEVAL-000648	A: i love taking care of my little dog i give him everything he need	B: What kind of dog is he?	A: he is a little golden retriever.	B: What kind of dog is he?	A: i already said._x000D_	B: Awww, that sounds like a cute little dog.
IEVAL-000649	A: i love taking care of my little dog i give him everything he need	B: that ' s so sweet of you ! what kind of dog is it , if you don ' t mind me asking ?	A: all good! he is a boxer :)	B: i love boxers ! i ' ve always wanted one , but i ' m not sure i ' ll ever get one .	A: they are so sweet, you should consider it!	B: i ' d love to , but it ' s a bit expensive to get one from a shelter .
IEVAL-000650	A: i love taking care of my little dog i give him everything he need	B: What kind of dog is it?	A: pitbull	B: a bearded dragon	A: close! that's not a dog :)	B: What kind of dog is it?
IEVAL-000651	A: i love taking care of my little dog i give him everything he need	B: that is great , i hope he is a dog okay ? 	A: he is a great dog! 	B: he sounds like a dog ? what kind of dog was he ? 	A: he is alive! a golden :)	B: oh no . what did he do ? 
IEVAL-000652	A: I just got a puppy, but I have to leave him at home while I go to work. I feel so bad.	B: What kind of dog is it?	A: a pug	B: What kind of pug is it?	A: i dont know	B: I don't know, but I think it might be a puppy. Maybe it's a puppy.
IEVAL-000653	A: I just got a puppy, but I have to leave him at home while I go to work. I feel so bad.	B: oh no , i ' m sorry to hear that . what kind of puppy is he / she ?	A: a baby golden!	B: i love golden retrievers ! i ' ve always wanted one , but they ' re expensive .	A: they're so hard to leave.	B: that ' s true , but it ' s worth it in the end . do you have any other pets ?
IEVAL-000654	A: I just got a puppy, but I have to leave him at home while I go to work. I feel so bad.	B: What kind of puppy is it?	A: a boxer	B: It's a bearded dragon. I am so sorry to hear that.	A: thats not a dog but thanks.	B: I am so sorry to hear that. I hope you have a good time.
IEVAL-000655	A: I just got a puppy, but I have to leave him at home while I go to work. I feel so bad.	B: oh no . that is a lot of fun . i bet he is going to have the dog for the dog 	A: it's a lot of work!	B: what is it ? 	A: a dog	B: i am glad it is ok , and i hope you find a new pet is the worst . 
IEVAL-000656	A: I got a letter from my parents this past Friday with a wonderul surprise in it.	B: What was in it?	A: They sent me some money! 	B: What was in it?	A: It had some money, like I said. 	B: What was in it?
IEVAL-000657	A: I got a letter from my parents this past Friday with a wonderul surprise in it.	B: that ' s awesome ! what kind of surprise was it ? did you get it from your parents ?	A: They sent me some money. Yes, from my parents.	B: that is very nice of them to do that for you . i hope you have a great day !	A: Thank you. You too!_x000D_	B: what do you do for a living ? i ' m a college student , so i don ' t have a lot of free time .
IEVAL-000658	A: I got a letter from my parents this past Friday with a wonderul surprise in it.	B: What was it about?	A: They told me they are coming to visit!	B: That's awesome! What was it about?	A: To help me get ready for the trip they sent me a gift. 	B: That's awesome! What was it about?
IEVAL-000659	A: I got a letter from my parents this past Friday with a wonderul surprise in it.	B: that is awesome . what did they do ? 	A: They sent me some money.	B: that is not nice of you . 	A: How is it not nice of me? I didn't do anything?_x000D_	B: what is that ? 
IEVAL-000660	A: My dog go into the trash can and drug it all over the house. I am so mad right now!	B: What kind of dog is it?	A: It's a poodle	B: Awww, that sounds like a really good dog!	A: She is normally but not when she made this mess.	B: That sounds like a really good dog! What kind of dog is it?
IEVAL-000661	A: My dog go into the trash can and drug it all over the house. I am so mad right now!	B: oh no ! that ' s terrible . i ' m sorry to hear that . what kind of dog is it ?	A: It's a poodle.	B: poodles are so cute ! i ' d be so mad if my dog did that to me .	A: It is frustrating because now I have to clean.	B: i can imagine . i hope you can find a way to get your dog to stop doing that .
IEVAL-000662	A: My dog go into the trash can and drug it all over the house. I am so mad right now!	B: What kind of dog is it?	A: It's a poodle	B: I am so sorry to hear that. I don't know what kind of dog it is.	A: It is small and fluffy.	B: I am so sorry to hear that. I don't know what kind of dog it is.
IEVAL-000663	A: My dog go into the trash can and drug it all over the house. I am so mad right now!	B: that is terrible ! i would n't be able to do that for you . i am sure it is a little thing to get the dog when i was younger 	A: It is just a mess.	B: oh no . i have had a lot that happens to the best of us , i have had a lot of money . 	A: That is good. I wish I had a maid.	B: that is a great feeling ! i am sure it is a good thing to do . 
IEVAL-000664	A: My husband just found out he will start getting a monthly bonus! This was unexpected and great news	B: That's great news! What kind of bonus is it?	A: A 15% bonus! It was due to his past performance which exceeded expectations! We are truly blessed.	B: That's great news! You must be so proud of him!	A: Without a doubt! It's been a hard year for all of us. A lot of ups and downs. We needed some good news for this new year.	B: That's great news! I'm glad it worked out for you!
IEVAL-000665	A: My husband just found out he will start getting a monthly bonus! This was unexpected and great news	B: that ' s awesome ! i ' m glad he ' s getting a bonus . how long have you been married ?	A: We've been married for 3 years.	B: congrats ! it ' s always nice to get a bonus when you ' re in a relationship .	A: Definitely! How about you? Are you married?_x000D_	B: what do you do for a living ? do you have any hobbies that you enjoy doing ?
IEVAL-000666	A: My husband just found out he will start getting a monthly bonus! This was unexpected and great news	B: Congrats! You must be so proud of him!	A: I am! He's a good man.	B: I am! I am so happy for him!	A: Thank you! We appreciate your thoughts!	B: Thank you so much! I hope you have a great time!
IEVAL-000667	A: My husband just found out he will start getting a monthly bonus! This was unexpected and great news	B: wow , that is awesome . how long have you been together ? 	A: We've been together for 3 years!	B: congrats ! that is a great news . what kind of school do you have ? 	A: What do you mean about that?_x000D_	B: i have a friend who is in the same thing ? 
IEVAL-000668	A: i hate when my neighboor's dog poops on my yard and she does nothing, i dont care if he poops if she picks it up	B: That sounds like a lot of fun.	A: It's not at all!	B: thats cool	A: What the heck? That is so rude of you.	B: yea i would be too
IEVAL-000669	A: i hate when my neighboor's dog poops on my yard and she does nothing, i dont care if he poops if she picks it up	B: i ' m sorry to hear that . what kind of dog do you have if you don ' t mind me asking ?	A: Thank you for your concern, but we don't have a dog.	B: oh that ' s too bad . i hope you can find a way to get it fixed soon .	A: We will try!	B: i hope it works out for you . it ' s always good to take care of your dog .
IEVAL-000670	A: i hate when my neighboor's dog poops on my yard and she does nothing, i dont care if he poops if she picks it up	B: I'm sorry to hear that. Have you talked to her about it?	A: We are planning to. It's just so annoying.	B: I'm sorry to hear that. Have you talked to her about it?	A: You just said that...	B: Yes, I have talked to her about it. I am so sorry to hear that.
IEVAL-000671	A: i hate when my neighboor's dog poops on my yard and she does nothing, i dont care if he poops if she picks it up	B: that is a shame . i am glad you are ok . 	A: It is, and thanks.	B: that is a great attitude to do 	A: Well what else would you suggest?_x000D_	B: what do you do for ? 
IEVAL-000672	A: I couldn't celebrate my 18th birthday as I had exams during the time and I felt terrible for it. But my friends threw a surprise party for me and it was the best!	B: What kind of party was it?	A: a surprise party	B: Was it a birthday party?	A: yes	B: Was it a birthday party?
IEVAL-000673	A: I couldn't celebrate my 18th birthday as I had exams during the time and I felt terrible for it. But my friends threw a surprise party for me and it was the best!	B: that ' s awesome ! i ' m sure you had a great time . what kind of party was it ?	A: i did. it was a birthday party	B: it ' s always nice to have a party like that . i hope you have a great year !	A: thank you!	B: you ' re welcome . i wish you the best of luck with the rest of your exams . : )
IEVAL-000674	A: I couldn't celebrate my 18th birthday as I had exams during the time and I felt terrible for it. But my friends threw a surprise party for me and it was the best!	B: That's awesome! What kind of party was it?	A: a surprise party for my birthday	B: It was a nice surprise party!	A: yes it was	B: What kind of party was it?
IEVAL-000675	A: I couldn't celebrate my 18th birthday as I had exams during the time and I felt terrible for it. But my friends threw a surprise party for me and it was the best!	B: that is awesome . how did you find out for it ? 	A: i came home and they surprised me	B: oh wow , what did you do ? 	A: i yelled in surprise	B: oh no , why did not you get it ? what happened ? 
IEVAL-000676	A: Last week, my pants fell down in gym class. The elastic strap holding them up broke.	B: Oh no! Were you able to get them fixed?	A: no, i didn't care about the pants, it was just embarrasing	B: Oh no, that's awful. I'm glad you were able to get them fixed.	A: i didn't get them fixed	B: That's great. I'm glad you were able to get them fixed.
IEVAL-000677	A: Last week, my pants fell down in gym class. The elastic strap holding them up broke.	B: oh no ! i ' m sorry to hear that . did you get a new pair of pants ?	A: I did get new pants, but the embarrasment was awful	B: oh no , that ' s terrible . i hope you ' re able to get some new pants .	A: yes i did_x000D_	B: do you like to go to the gym ? i ' ve heard it ' s a lot of fun
IEVAL-000678	A: Last week, my pants fell down in gym class. The elastic strap holding them up broke.	B: Oh no! I am so sorry to hear that. Did you hurt yourself?	A: no, not hurt, just very embarrased	B: Oh no, I am so sorry to hear that. I hope you didn't hurt yourself.	A: no i did not hurt myself	B: Oh no, I am so sorry to hear that. I hope you didn't hurt yourself.
IEVAL-000679	A: Last week, my pants fell down in gym class. The elastic strap holding them up broke.	B: that is terrible , how was that 	A: it was awful	B: oh , what did you do ? 	A: i ran out of the gym	B: i am glad to hear you were ok ! 
IEVAL-000680	A: My parents gave me a car for graduating from college. It makes my life so much easier.	B: What kind of car is it?	A: chevy	B: It's a very nice car.	A: yes it is	B: That's very nice of them. It's a nice car.
IEVAL-000681	A: My parents gave me a car for graduating from college. It makes my life so much easier.	B: that ' s awesome ! what kind of car did you get ? did you have to pay for it ?	A: it is a chevy and no i did not have to pay for it	B: i love chevy ' s ! i ' ve always wanted to get one of those . what do you like about them ?	A: they last a long time and it is a nice ride	B: i ' m glad to hear that ! i hope you have a great time with your new car !
IEVAL-000682	A: My parents gave me a car for graduating from college. It makes my life so much easier.	B: What kind of car did you get?	A: chevy	B: It's a 1968 chevy car.	A: no it is brand new 2022	B: What kind of car did you get?
IEVAL-000683	A: My parents gave me a car for graduating from college. It makes my life so much easier.	B: that is awesome ! how old is that ? 	A: it is brand new	B: that is a great attitude . 	A: what is?	B: why ? 
IEVAL-000684	A: I was going to go to the movies with a bunch of friends. But they all bailed on me and now I have to go alone.	B: What movie did you go with?	A: I have not decided which movie to see yet	B: What movie was it?	A: umm did not see a movie yet_x000D_	B: What movie was it?
IEVAL-000685	A: I was going to go to the movies with a bunch of friends. But they all bailed on me and now I have to go alone.	B: oh no , i ' m sorry to hear that . i hope you ' re feeling better now .	A: thank you for your concern, sounds like I need new friends	B: it ' s always good to have new friends . i wish you the best of luck in the future .	A: Thank you, I hope the movie is good	B: i hope so too . i ' ve never been to a movie theater , but i ' d love to go one day .
IEVAL-000686	A: I was going to go to the movies with a bunch of friends. But they all bailed on me and now I have to go alone.	B: I am sorry to hear that. I hope you have a good time.	A: I will probably not have that good of time but at least it will be quiet 	B: I hope so too. I hope you have a good time.	A: Thank you and yes I hope I have a good time also	B: I hope so too. I hope you have a good time too.
IEVAL-000687	A: I was going to go to the movies with a bunch of friends. But they all bailed on me and now I have to go alone.	B: that is a shame , but it happens to the best of us , i have to not know how it would have to be able to do not have to 	A: I am confused at your answer_x000D_	B: i know what you mean , it is a good thing to do . what is the same thing to do . what do you have to do ? 	A: go to a movie alone	B: i love to hear that . i have seen that happen to me . 
IEVAL-000688	A: The economy has been doing well. The future looks bright.	B: What are you going to do about it?	A: I'm going to keep working and shopping_x000D_	B: What are you going to do about it?	A: I will try to help as much as I can	B: What are you going to do about it?
IEVAL-000689	A: The economy has been doing well. The future looks bright.	B: that ' s good to hear . what do you think the future will look like for the foreseeable future ?	A: Hopefully it will continue to look good	B: i hope so too . it ' s hard for me to believe that the economy is doing so well .	A: I thought it would take longer to recover	B: it does take a long time to recover . i ' m not sure how long it will take to recover though .
IEVAL-000690	A: The economy has been doing well. The future looks bright.	B: I am so sorry to hear that.	A: People need to get back to work so that we can keep it up_x000D_	B: I am so sorry to hear that. I hope everything works out for you.	A: I plan on working and contributing to the economy	B: Thank you for your kind words. I hope everything works out for you.
IEVAL-000691	A: The economy has been doing well. The future looks bright.	B: what kind of math do you have ? 	A: Aren't you glad the economy is doing well?_x000D_	B: i am sorry to hear that . 	A: People are out working again and shopping again._x000D_	B: that is a good feeling . 
IEVAL-000692	A: I made a bowl of cereal for breakfast and when i started eating i realized milk was spoiled!! I started gagging. it was so gross!	B: What kind of cereal was it?	A: it was bran flakes and it was disgusting	B: That sounds so gross!	A: it definitely was	B: That sounds so gross!
IEVAL-000693	A: I made a bowl of cereal for breakfast and when i started eating i realized milk was spoiled!! I started gagging. it was so gross!	B: oh no ! i ' m sorry to hear that . did you have to go to the doctor ?	A: no.  i just spit it out_x000D_	B: i was so grossed out by it . i had to put it in the fridge for a few days .	A: I didn't eat anything else after that	B: that ' s the way to do it . you don ' t have to worry about it anymore .
IEVAL-000694	A: I made a bowl of cereal for breakfast and when i started eating i realized milk was spoiled!! I started gagging. it was so gross!	B: Oh no! I am so sorry to hear that.	A: Yeah, it kind of ruined my breakfast	B: Oh no! I'm sorry to hear that. I'm sorry you had to go through that.	A: Thanks.  I went to work without eating	B: Oh no! I'm so sorry to hear that. I am so sorry you had to go through that.
IEVAL-000695	A: I made a bowl of cereal for breakfast and when i started eating i realized milk was spoiled!! I started gagging. it was so gross!	B: i am sorry to hear that . i hope you get a good deal with it 	A: It ruined my taste for anything else	B: oh no , that is not bad . i am sorry to hear that . what did you do 	A: I went to work without eating anything else	B: oh that is good , i am sorry . how was it that you have to deal with the past 
IEVAL-000696	A: I remember just taking a deep breath the other day in the garden and just feeling happy	B: That sounds like a good feeling. What did you do?	A: I was sitting outside and enjoying my surroundings. I bought this place because it is very beautiful and it brings me peace. I just sat very still and very quietly	B: That sounds like a wonderful feeling.	A: I am lucky to be able to enjoy this beautiful place.	B: That sounds like a wonderful feeling.
IEVAL-000697	A: I remember just taking a deep breath the other day in the garden and just feeling happy	B: that ' s great ! i ' m happy for you . what kind of plants did you grow ?	A: I grow ferns, poppies, peonies, and daisies. 	B: wow , that sounds like a lot of work . i bet you ' re very proud of yourself .	A: Yes, I am. I designed the flower beds myself. I try to grow only perennials. 	B: i wish i had more time to grow my own plants . i ' d love to have a garden someday .
IEVAL-000698	A: I remember just taking a deep breath the other day in the garden and just feeling happy	B: That sounds like a lot of fun. What did you do?	A: I was just sitting still and enjoying the view of the garden with my flowers in it.	B: That sounds like a lot of fun. What did you do?	A: I just sat very still and enjoyed it.	B: That sounds like a lot of fun. What did you do?
IEVAL-000699	A: I remember just taking a deep breath the other day in the garden and just feeling happy	B: that sounds like a good time . 	A: I really enjoyed looking at my flowers in the garden	B: that sounds nice 	A: I was really great weather too.	B: what was the name of the past ? 
IEVAL-000700	A: I recently went to eat a restaurant that was not very clean. The whole place had an odd odor and made me uncomfortable.	B: What kind of food was it?	A: I don't know I did not eat there.	B: What kind of food was it?	A: I don't know. sorry.	B: That's okay, I'm glad you were able to clean it up.
IEVAL-000701	A: I recently went to eat a restaurant that was not very clean. The whole place had an odd odor and made me uncomfortable.	B: oh no ! i ' m sorry to hear that . did you complain to the manager about it ?	A: No, I did not want to argue with anyone. I just left.	B: that ' s a good idea . it ' s good that you didn ' t have to leave .	A: I decided to stop a bad situation	B: you ' re a good person for doing that . i wish you the best of luck in the future .
IEVAL-000702	A: I recently went to eat a restaurant that was not very clean. The whole place had an odd odor and made me uncomfortable.	B: I am sorry to hear that. What did you do?	A: I told them that I changed my mind and left.	B: I am sorry to hear that. I am sorry that happened to you.	A: thanks, I was glad I decided to leave.	B: Oh no, I am sorry to hear that. I hope everything works out for you.
IEVAL-000703	A: I recently went to eat a restaurant that was not very clean. The whole place had an odd odor and made me uncomfortable.	B: that is a bummer . did you get any trouble for it ? 	A: No, I told them I changed my mind and I left	B: that is a good feeling . i hope you get a good deal with that . 	A: Thanks, they tried to charge me for just sitting at the table for a minute	B: that stinks . i hope they get a lot of people . i would be too . 
IEVAL-000704	A: I enjoy visiting the nursing home on occasion.	B: That's great. How long have you been visiting your home?	A: For a few years now_x000D_	B: How long have you been visiting your home?	A: Almost forever	B: That's a long time. How long have you been visiting your home?
IEVAL-000705	A: I enjoy visiting the nursing home on occasion.	B: that ' s nice . i ' ve never been to one , but i ' d love to go one day .	A: you should make the time and go_x000D_	B: i ' m sure you ' ll have a great time . it ' s a great place to visit .	A: you will be pleased afterward	B: i hope so . i hope you have a wonderful time . have a good rest of your day .
IEVAL-000706	A: I enjoy visiting the nursing home on occasion.	B: Why is that?	A: It sad people feel happy	B: I don't know. I just don't know what to do.	A: I meant to say it makes sad people feel happy, you don't do anything they are happy to see you	B: I'm sorry to hear that. I don't know what to do.
IEVAL-000707	A: I enjoy visiting the nursing home on occasion.	B: that is a nice thing to have . i am glad you are ok 	A: I don't have anything I visit people	B: i am sorry . how are you going to go ? 	A: go where?	B: what is the name ? 
IEVAL-000708	A: I really envy people who can sing	B: What kind of music do you like?	A: pop, how about you	B: What kind of music do you like?	A: pop, how about you	B: What kind of music do you like?
IEVAL-000709	A: I really envy people who can sing	B: i can ' t sing at all . i ' m not very good at it . what do you do for fun ?	A: I do surveys here	B: that ' s cool . what kind of surveys are you doing ? i ' ve never done one .	A: I am doing one with a chatbox experience now	B: that sounds like fun . i wish i could do something like that . do you have a job ?
IEVAL-000710	A: I really envy people who can sing	B: What kind of music do you like?	A: pop	B: breaking ben and 5 finger death punch	A: is that  group	B: I love breaking ben and 5 finger death punch.
IEVAL-000711	A: I really envy people who can sing	B: i can imagine that . i have a lot of people . what kind of car did you have ? 	A: I think green is a good color too	B: what is it ? 	A: I told him yesterday	B: oh man , that sucks . what did you do for him ? 
IEVAL-000712	A: I thank God every day for the many blessings. Especially our new home	B: What kind of house is it?	A: A white and blue ranch house. Looks bright in the distance and feels like walking in a cloud.	B: That sounds like a great home.	A: Yes, god has been gracious to me, i am so pleased and do you believe in god?	B: I do, it sounds like a great home.
IEVAL-000713	A: I thank God every day for the many blessings. Especially our new home	B: that ' s great to hear . i ' m glad you ' re doing well in your new home .	A: Yes, i feel as if god shined his glory over me and before me. I am spirtually loved.	B: i know what you mean . it ' s a great feeling to be loved by someone you love .	A: I hope you can be as grateful and understanding as me.	B: i hope so too . i wish you the best of luck with the rest of your new life .
IEVAL-000714	A: I thank God every day for the many blessings. Especially our new home	B: What kind of home is it?	A: I bought a village home, it's brown and resembles a outdoor log cabin. 	B: That sounds like a lot of fun! What did you buy?	A: A home, god brought the price to me that was just right.	B: I am so happy for you! I wish you the best of luck!
IEVAL-000715	A: I thank God every day for the many blessings. Especially our new home	B: that is a good thing to be happy for you . i hope you get a lot of fun ! 	A: God sends me things but it's nice when trouble comes around.	B: that is a good thing to be . 	A: Do you believe in god?	B: i am not too . what happened ? 
IEVAL-000716	A: I hate how our country is so divided right now	B: What country is that?	A: USA, so cold but i don't think it's the end.	B: What country is it?	A: USA, it's very upsetting to see my own people not warm and proper.	B: What country is it?
IEVAL-000717	A: I hate how our country is so divided right now	B: i do too . i don ' t understand why people can ' t just be civil about it .	A: If god didn't mix things then why do humans do. 	B: that ' s a good point . it ' s hard to believe that the world has been so divided for so long .	A: You would think that no order would sound fun but it's not fair for the mature one's. 	B: i agree . i think it has something to do with the fact that there are so many different kinds of people in the world .
IEVAL-000718	A: I hate how our country is so divided right now	B: Why is that?	A: I don't mix well with many people and it's causing an unfair balance.	B: Why is that?	A: I don't give in to enemy's and the hand me down punishments and training belong to my kind, not opposites.	B: I'm sorry to hear that. I don't understand what you mean.
IEVAL-000719	A: I hate how our country is so divided right now	B: i am sorry to hear that . i hope you are doing a great thing . 	A: All the dark things of destruction are coming true, i hate diversity cause my real emotions stay with true friends, i am emotional about this.	B: it is always nice to have a great time 	A: I drag my feet and soak my pillow with tears, when will the day come when people live life again.	B: oh no . that is a very good thing to do 
IEVAL-000720	A: I got a new puppy. She's really cute and playful	B: What kind of puppy is it?	A: It is a pit bull puppy.	B: What kind of dog is it?	A: A pit bull._x000D_	B: That is so cute. I love a pit bull.
IEVAL-000721	A: I got a new puppy. She's really cute and playful	B: that ' s awesome ! what kind of puppy is it ? i ' ve always wanted a puppy .	A: It is a boxer puppy.	B: i love boxers ! they ' re such cute little dogs . i wish i could have one of those .	A: Yes, it is a really great puppy. I am very happy.	B: i ' m so happy for you ! i hope you have a great time with your new puppy !
IEVAL-000722	A: I got a new puppy. She's really cute and playful	B: What kind of puppy is it?	A: It is a poodle puppy and I am so happy.	B: What kind of puppy is it?	A: It is a poodle.	B: It's a bearded dragon. I love poodle.
IEVAL-000723	A: I got a new puppy. She's really cute and playful	B: i love cats , i am glad to hear it ! how long have you two dogs ! 	A: I have a 1 new puppy.	B: that is a great dog . what kind of puppy did you get ? 	A: A boxer puppy.	B: oh my gosh ! i am sure he is a great dog ! what kind of dog was it ? 
IEVAL-000724	A: My wife has been out of the country for school for a while. Dropping her off at the airport was really hard.	B: That is very nice of her.	A: It was hard dropping off my wife at the airport. She'll be away for awhile.	B: That is very nice of her.	A: I am sad and miss my wife.	B: That is very nice of her.
IEVAL-000725	A: My wife has been out of the country for school for a while. Dropping her off at the airport was really hard.	B: i ' m sorry to hear that . how long did it take for you guys to get back together ?	A: My wife is away for school. 	B: that ' s a long time to be away . i hope things get better for you and your wife .	A: You're not understanding me.	B: i don ' t know what to tell you . maybe you should talk to your wife about it .
IEVAL-000726	A: My wife has been out of the country for school for a while. Dropping her off at the airport was really hard.	B: Oh no! I'm so sorry to hear that. How long has she been gone?	A: A few months now._x000D_	B: I'm so sorry to hear that. I hope she feels better soon.	A: She's not sick. She's away for school. I am sad.	B: I'm so sorry to hear that. I hope she gets better.
IEVAL-000727	A: My wife has been out of the country for school for a while. Dropping her off at the airport was really hard.	B: i am sorry to hear that . i am sorry . how did you do ? 	A: I cried alot._x000D_	B: i am sorry to hear that . what happened ? 	A: I had to drop my wife off at the airport. She has been away at school for awhile. I miss her.	B: that is a shame . i hope you have a good time . 
IEVAL-000728	A: Pretty soon I'll be taking over my parents mortgage. Homeownership is on the horizon.	B: Oh no! What are you going to do about it?	A: It's good news. I'm so excited to be able to own a home!	B: That sounds like a great idea. I'm sure you'll have a great time.	A: Yes, I'm looking so forward to it.	B: That sounds like a great idea. I'm sure you'll have a great time.
IEVAL-000729	A: Pretty soon I'll be taking over my parents mortgage. Homeownership is on the horizon.	B: that ' s great ! i ' m glad you ' re taking care of your parents . how long have you been living with them ?	A: I have been living with them for five years. I never thought I would own a home, I'm so excited!	B: wow , five years ! that is a long time to live with them . i wish you the best of luck !	A: Yes it is. Thanks.	B: you are very welcome . i hope you have a great time with your family . it ' s always nice to have someone to talk to .
IEVAL-000730	A: Pretty soon I'll be taking over my parents mortgage. Homeownership is on the horizon.	B: I am so sorry to hear that. I hope you have a good time.	A: This is good news! I will be able to own a home.	B: I hope so too! I hope you have a great time!	A: I'm so excited. I didn't think I would ever own a home.	B: I am so happy for you! I hope you have a great time!
IEVAL-000731	A: Pretty soon I'll be taking over my parents mortgage. Homeownership is on the horizon.	B: that is a great feeling ! 	A: It sure is. I never thought I would be able to own a home.	B: what did you do ? 	A: I'm taking over my parents mortgage.	B: oh wow that is a shame . i hope you get the right one soon . 
IEVAL-000732	A: Last year we lost our home of 20 years to a house fire.	B: Oh no! How did that happen?	A: Our space heater caught on fire and it took over the house quickly. I am so devastated.	B: Oh no! That must have been awful.	A: Yes, it was terrible. We lost most of the stuff in the house. So all of our memories are gone.	B: Oh no! That must have been awful.
IEVAL-000733	A: Last year we lost our home of 20 years to a house fire.	B: oh no ! i ' m so sorry to hear that . i hope you ' re doing okay .	A: Yes, I'm doing okay, but still very devastated.	B: i am so sorry for your loss . i can ' t imagine what you must be going through .	A: Yes, it's been very tough. 20 years of belongings all gone.	B: that ' s so sad . i know how hard it must be to lose all of your belongings .
IEVAL-000734	A: Last year we lost our home of 20 years to a house fire.	B: I am so sorry to hear that.	A: Yes, it's very sad and I'm still devestated.	B: I am so sorry to hear that. I hope everything works out for you.	A: It has but we lost 20 years of our belongings, so hard to rebuild.	B: I am so sorry to hear that. I hope everything works out for you.
IEVAL-000735	A: Last year we lost our home of 20 years to a house fire.	B: that is terrible . i am sorry to hear that . 	A: Yes, it was devastating. We lost all  of our things.	B: oh no . i hope you get a lot of hard work . 	A: 20 years of stuff, gone.	B: oh wow , that is a lot of thing to do 
IEVAL-000736	A: I felt so proud when my son got good grades in school last month	B: That's great! How old is he?	A: Hes 13	B: How old is he?	A: Why ask again?	B: I don't know. How old is he?
IEVAL-000737	A: I felt so proud when my son got good grades in school last month	B: that ' s great ! i ' m sure he ' ll do great in the future . what grade did he get ?	A: He got an A	B: that is great . i hope he does well in school . i bet he will be a great teacher .	A: He has been doing well in school so far.	B: it ' s good that he ' s doing well . i wish i had a son like that .
IEVAL-000738	A: I felt so proud when my son got good grades in school last month	B: That's great! How old is he?	A: He is 13	B: How old is he?	A: I already said he's 13	B: How old is he?
IEVAL-000739	A: I felt so proud when my son got good grades in school last month	B: that is a great feeling . i am sorry to hear that ! 	A: Why are you sorry?	B: i am sure you are going to do the same thing . what do you have to do ? 	A: I am very proud of my son, I just will continue to support him. 	B: that is so nice ! i am glad to hear that . 
IEVAL-000740	A: Last night I was minding my own business walking down a street in a not so good area of town when someone started to chase me!	B: Oh no! Were you able to catch them?	A: No I was not.. I was afraid	B: I would be too! I would have done the same thing!	A: Thanks for understanding	B: That's really nice of you! I'm glad you were able to catch them!
IEVAL-000741	A: Last night I was minding my own business walking down a street in a not so good area of town when someone started to chase me!	B: oh no ! that ' s scary ! did you get out of the car and get back in the car ?	A: Yes but I was afraid	B: i ' m sorry you had to go through that . i hope you were able to get home safely .	A: I was thanks	B: you ' re welcome . it ' s always good to have a safe place to get away from things like that .
IEVAL-000742	A: Last night I was minding my own business walking down a street in a not so good area of town when someone started to chase me!	B: What did you do?	A: I asked for help	B: What did you do?	A: I already told you	B: I'm so sorry to hear that, what did you do?
IEVAL-000743	A: Last night I was minding my own business walking down a street in a not so good area of town when someone started to chase me!	B: that is so nice of you , that is a pretty bad experience ! 	A: That doesn't make sense.	B: i agree . it is a lot to be . 	A: What do you mean	B: what is the reason ? 
IEVAL-000744	A: it was the grand opening for our restaurant. The whole town was there. almost double the number of people we were expecting	B: What kind of restaurant was it?	A: Mexican	B: What kind of restaurant was it?	A: It was a Mexican restaurant	B: What kind of restaurant was it?
IEVAL-000745	A: it was the grand opening for our restaurant. The whole town was there. almost double the number of people we were expecting	B: wow , that ' s a lot of people . what kind of restaurant was it ? did you have a good time ?	A: It's a Mexican place, we had such a fun night!	B: i love mexican food ! i ' m glad you had a great time . i ' ve never been to a mexican restaurant .	A: you should come by sometime!	B: i ' d love to ! what ' s the name of the place ? i ' ll have to check it out .
IEVAL-000746	A: it was the grand opening for our restaurant. The whole town was there. almost double the number of people we were expecting	B: That's awesome! What kind of restaurant was it?	A: Mexican	B: It was Mexican. It was a Mexican restaurant.	A: Yes.	B: What kind of restaurant was it?
IEVAL-000747	A: it was the grand opening for our restaurant. The whole town was there. almost double the number of people we were expecting	B: that is nice to hear ! what did you get ? 	A: I got a lot of money?	B: that is good , what kind of job did you get to ? 	A: I was cooking	B: that sounds fun ! what kind of music is it ? 
IEVAL-000748	A: I am so scared to live in my neighborhood. There is people that come around shooting their guns.	B: What kind of guns?	A: I don't know the kind of gun, but it is upsetting, and they are shooting close to my house. 	B: What kind of gun do you think they are shooting close to your house?	A: I don't know. A hand gun? What does that matter?	B: Do you think they are shooting close to your house?
IEVAL-000749	A: I am so scared to live in my neighborhood. There is people that come around shooting their guns.	B: i ' m sorry to hear that . what do you think is going to happen to your neighborhood ?	A: I think property values are going to go down and a lot of people are going to move. I hope nobody gets shot.	B: i hope you ' re right . it ' s always good to be prepared for things like that .	A: Thanks for listening!	B: no problem . do you have any other hobbies that you ' d like to talk about ?
IEVAL-000750	A: I am so scared to live in my neighborhood. There is people that come around shooting their guns.	B: What kind of guns do you have?	A: I don't have any guns.	B: I don't have any guns either. I don't like guns either.	A: So what should I do to feel safer in my neighborhood?	B: I don't have any guns either. I don't like guns either.
IEVAL-000751	A: I am so scared to live in my neighborhood. There is people that come around shooting their guns.	B: that is a shame . i have a friend that is not my worst . i have been there for me . 	A: That makes no sense. Do you also have a friend who lives in a bad neighborhood?	B: that is not good ! i have a friend who can not even know what you have 	A: That still makes no sense. What can I do to feel safer?	B: i am sorry to hear that . i hope you get it . 
IEVAL-000752	A: I love playing old school video games. The music is amazing	B: What kind of music is it?	A: It varies a lot but a lot of the games I play have a lot of 80s pop music in them which is really fun.	B: What kind of music is it?	A: You just asked me that and I told you it's 80s stuff.	B: That sounds like a lot of fun.
IEVAL-000753	A: I love playing old school video games. The music is amazing	B: what kind of music do you like ? i ' m not a big fan of old school music .	A: Oh well I mean old school can mean anything really. I do like a lot of the old rock and pop music from the 60s, 70s and 80s.	B: i don ' t think i ' ve ever heard of any of those . i ' ll have to check them out .	A: Oh well you definitely have unless you live in a cave.	B: haha , that ' s a good way to look at it . do you play video games ?
IEVAL-000754	A: I love playing old school video games. The music is amazing	B: What kind of video games do you play?	A: I prefer a lot of the first person shooter type games but really anything from the 80s and 90s I'm up for.	B: What kind of video games do you play?	A: Well I also enjoy like adventure games like the old Zelda games or Mario Brothers stuff.	B: What kind of games do you like to play?
IEVAL-000755	A: I love playing old school video games. The music is amazing	B: i love that 	A: It's the best right?	B: what is happening to the doctor ? 	A: I don't know but I do know that I might need a doctor for my hand I've been play video games so much.	B: that does not sound good , i have a few days with me . 
IEVAL-000756	A: I am so lonely right now because no one wants to be with me	B: Why is that?	A: If I knew why I wouldn't be lonely. Clearly there's something unlikable about me.	B: What is that?	A: Again I have no idea.	B: What are you going to do about it?
IEVAL-000757	A: I am so lonely right now because no one wants to be with me	B: i ' m sorry to hear that . do you have any friends that you can hang out with ?	A: I recently moved and don't really have any friends nearby.	B: that ' s too bad . maybe you can find some friends to go out with and meet new people .	A: That's actually not a bad idea. Maybe I'll go hang out at a dive bar and chat up some people.	B: that sounds like a good idea . i wish you the best of luck . i hope you feel better soon .
IEVAL-000758	A: I am so lonely right now because no one wants to be with me	B: Why is that?	A: I wish I knew.	B: Why is that?	A: Well if I knew I could do something about it couldn't I?	B: I don't know what you mean. I just don't want to be alone.
IEVAL-000759	A: I am so lonely right now because no one wants to be with me	B: i am sorry to hear that . 	A: Thanks that means a lot to me right now.	B: that is great ! i wish you the best of luck ! 	A: Well so much for that.	B: that is good to hear , how long has your been married ? 
IEVAL-000760	A: I managed to get on the A honor roll at my school, I was a bit smug and happy for myself about the whole thing.	B: How did it go?	A: Everyone seemed happy for me.	B: That's great, I'm happy for you.	A: Thank you. Was that bad in me to feel smug about it?	B: It was very nice of you to feel that way.
IEVAL-000761	A: I managed to get on the A honor roll at my school, I was a bit smug and happy for myself about the whole thing.	B: that ' s great ! i ' m happy for you . what grade did you get on it ?	A: Thank you! I got an A in all my classes so I made the honor roll.	B: that is a great accomplishment . i wish you the best of luck in your future endeavors .	A: Thank you I am working even harder to keep it up.	B: i know what you mean . i am sure you will do great in the future . keep up the good work .
IEVAL-000762	A: I managed to get on the A honor roll at my school, I was a bit smug and happy for myself about the whole thing.	B: That's great! How did it go?	A: It went great, others were happy for me.	B: That's great! How did it go?	A: Do you think I did good?	B: I think you did great! I think I did great!
IEVAL-000763	A: I managed to get on the A honor roll at my school, I was a bit smug and happy for myself about the whole thing.	B: that sounds really good 	A: Thank you. I worked hard for it.	B: that is great , i am sure you will get it . 	A: I did get it. I got on the A honor roll.	B: that is a nice way to get the promotion ! that is good ! 
IEVAL-000764	A: I bought a cake from the store and it ended up tasting terrible.	B: What kind of cake was it?	A: German chocolate, my favorite.	B: What kind of cake was it?	A: I'm really upset about it.	B: That sounds like a good cake.
IEVAL-000765	A: I bought a cake from the store and it ended up tasting terrible.	B: i ' m sorry to hear that . what kind of cake was it ? i ' ve never had a bad cake .	A: It was a cheesecake. I usually love those.	B: that ' s not good . i ' d be upset if i had to buy a new cake .	A: I am and also of the money I wasted on it.	B: i would be upset too . i would have to go to the store to get a new one .
IEVAL-000766	A: I bought a cake from the store and it ended up tasting terrible.	B: Oh no! I'm so sorry to hear that. What kind of cake did you get?	A: German chocolate, my favorite.	B: It was a chocolate cake. I was so upset about it.	A: I am and now I got to get a new cake.	B: Oh no! I'm so sorry to hear that. What kind of cake did you get?
IEVAL-000767	A: I bought a cake from the store and it ended up tasting terrible.	B: oh no ! i am sorry to hear that ! did you get a new home ? 	A: Thank you. Not yet, still looking.	B: i am glad for you . i am sure you are feeling . 	A: I'm upset now.	B: why is that ? 
IEVAL-000768	A: This morning and I saw a tree, I never detailed it, but this time I saw it beautiful ... I realized God exists	B: What kind of tree was it?	A: It was a big leafy tree.	B: What kind of tree was it?	A: Again it was a leafy tree. 	B: Oh wow, that must have been a big tree.
IEVAL-000769	A: This morning and I saw a tree, I never detailed it, but this time I saw it beautiful ... I realized God exists	B: that ' s awesome ! i ' ve never seen a tree like that before . what did you see ?	A: Tree filled with so much beautiful leaves. 	B: i bet it was . i ' d love to see one like that one day . it ' s so beautiful .	A: Its highly a great view. 	B: i ' m sure it is . what ' s your favorite type of tree to see like that ?
IEVAL-000770	A: This morning and I saw a tree, I never detailed it, but this time I saw it beautiful ... I realized God exists	B: What kind of tree was it?	A: A very big leafy tree. 	B: It was a bearded dragon	A: No	B: What kind of tree was it?
IEVAL-000771	A: This morning and I saw a tree, I never detailed it, but this time I saw it beautiful ... I realized God exists	B: that is good , i hope you get the best of luck ! 	A: Great thanks I hope you have great luck too. 	B: i am sure you will be a great attitude . i hope you have a great feeling ! 	A: You have a great feeling too._x000D_	B: i love that . 
IEVAL-000772	A: My wife was really sick the other day, she was stuck in bed for most of the day.	B: Oh no, what happened?	A: Wife got sick and has been in bed and its been very hard. _x000D_	B: Oh no, what happened?	A: She got sick and hasn't been feeling well at all.	B: I'm so sorry to hear that. I hope she gets better soon.
IEVAL-000773	A: My wife was really sick the other day, she was stuck in bed for most of the day.	B: oh no , i ' m sorry to hear that . i hope she ' s feeling better soon .	A: Me too I hope she gets better. 	B: i hope so too . it ' s always good to have a support system in place to help .	A: Thank you I feel the same way. 	B: you ' re welcome . i wish you the best of luck in the rest of your life . : )
IEVAL-000774	A: My wife was really sick the other day, she was stuck in bed for most of the day.	B: Oh no! I'm so sorry to hear that.	A: Thank you for that.	B: I am so sorry to hear that. I hope she gets better soon.	A: Me too I hope she gets better as well too._x000D_	B: Thank you for your kind words. I hope she gets better.
IEVAL-000775	A: My wife was really sick the other day, she was stuck in bed for most of the day.	B: oh no , that is a good thing to have to deal with that . 	A: A good thing?_x000D_	B: what is the same ? 	A: Nothing has been the same really._x000D_	B: i am sorry to hear that . what are you doing ? 
IEVAL-000776	A: I was really sick the other day and I let my roommate pick me up and carry me down the stairs. He was so caring.	B: How did that make you feel?	A: I felt so nurtured and taken care of._x000D_	B: That's awesome, I'm glad to hear that.	A: He took my phone calls too when I was sick so I didn't have to worry about that.  He's responsible so I knew he could handle it._x000D_	B: That's awesome. I'm glad it worked out for you.
IEVAL-000777	A: I was really sick the other day and I let my roommate pick me up and carry me down the stairs. He was so caring.	B: that ' s so nice of him . i ' m sure he appreciated that . i hope you feel better soon .	A: aw thankyou.  I was feeling so rotten that I got him to take care of my mail too, I didn't want to deal with it.	B: you ' re welcome . it ' s always nice to have someone to help you out when you need it .	A: it sure is, i'm lucky to have him_x000D_	B: what do you do for a living ? i ' d like to move out of my parents house one day .
IEVAL-000778	A: I was really sick the other day and I let my roommate pick me up and carry me down the stairs. He was so caring.	B: I'm so sorry to hear that. How did it go?	A: Well he didn't drop me!  Knew he wouldn't.  He tucked me in at the couch so I could play video games to pass the time.  	B: I'm so sorry to hear that. What kind of games did you play?	A: I like first person shooter games!	B: I haven't played any games in years.  I'm so sorry you had to deal with that.  I am so sorry to hear that.
IEVAL-000779	A: I was really sick the other day and I let my roommate pick me up and carry me down the stairs. He was so caring.	B: that is so sweet of him . what did they say ? 	A: They said "I've got you, don't worry."	B: i am sure it is a good feeling . i am glad you are ok . 	A: Yes, and I even ate soup he made.  I don't usually like his cooking but I know he made this especially for me, and it was actually delicious	B: that is good . what kind of pizza is he ? 
IEVAL-000780	A: So I interviewed for my dream job last week and I didn't get it.	B: What kind of job was it?	A: Zookeeper.  I was going to look after the big cats.  And it's the only zoo in town so I don't have many chances at this work.	B: That's awesome. I'm glad you got it!	A: I didn't get it.  Now I'll have to wait forever for the next opening to come up.  I'm so disappointed.	B: That's awesome.  I'm glad you got it!
IEVAL-000781	A: So I interviewed for my dream job last week and I didn't get it.	B: oh no , i ' m so sorry to hear that . i hope you get it soon though .	A: thanks that's nice of you!  Right now I'm so sad about it I just want to get drunk and cry in my beer.	B: don ' t be so hard on yourself . it happens to the best of us . you ' ll get there .	A: hmm maybe you are right...i still think i need to wallow a bit though...i'm taking a day off to do so, with icecream_x000D_	B: do you like ice cream ? i ' ve heard it ' s good for the soul . do you ?
IEVAL-000782	A: So I interviewed for my dream job last week and I didn't get it.	B: What job did you get?	A: I didn't get it and I tried so hard at the interview, now I'm so bummed out about it.	B: What job did you get?	A: I wanted the secretarial position at the law firm but I didn't get it, unfortunately.  So disappointing.	B: I'm sorry to hear that. Did you get it?
IEVAL-000783	A: So I interviewed for my dream job last week and I didn't get it.	B: that is great ! what happened next year did you get ? 	A: it's not great at all, i'm very disappointed.  I dont know what will happen next year but I am really discouraged right now._x000D_	B: i know what you mean , i am sorry for your loss . 	A: maybe next time i will do better...i hope	B: i am sorry to hear that , i hope you get it . 
IEVAL-000784	A: I am so excited for my baby son to be born, I am so eager for it to happen!	B: How old is he?	A: He isn't born yet._x000D_	B: That is so exciting!	A: I know!  I have waited a long time to be a Mom and now it is finally going to happen.	B: That is so exciting! How old is he?
IEVAL-000785	A: I am so excited for my baby son to be born, I am so eager for it to happen!	B: that ' s so exciting ! i ' m sure he ' s going to be a great kid !	A: I hope that I am a great Mom!	B: i hope you are too ! it ' s always good to have a good support system for your kids .	A: I have wanted to be a mother for such a long time, and now it is going to happen!	B: i can ' t imagine being a mom for so long ! i wish you the best of luck !
IEVAL-000786	A: I am so excited for my baby son to be born, I am so eager for it to happen!	B: I am so happy for you! How old is he?	A: He isn't born yet.	B: I am so happy for you! How old is he?	A: He hasn't been born yet.	B: I am so happy for you! How old is he?
IEVAL-000787	A: I am so excited for my baby son to be born, I am so eager for it to happen!	B: oh , that is awesome ! how old are you ? 	A: I am 32.	B: what is it ? 	A: What is what?	B: why is that ? i am sorry . what do you mean ? 
IEVAL-000788	A: Last night a fly got into the bedroom and wouldn't stop trying to land on my face	B: What kind of fly was it?	A: I have no idea.	B: What kind of fly was it?	A: I don't know.	B: What kind of fly was it?
IEVAL-000789	A: Last night a fly got into the bedroom and wouldn't stop trying to land on my face	B: oh no ! i ' m so sorry that happened to you . did you have to call animal control ?	A: Call animal control for a fly?	B: yes , that ' s what i did . i called animal control to see if they could help .	A: Animal control doesn't deal with flies.	B: oh , i didn ' t know that . i ' ll keep that in mind for next time .
IEVAL-000790	A: Last night a fly got into the bedroom and wouldn't stop trying to land on my face	B: Oh no! What did you do?	A: I slept with the covers pulled over my head.	B: Oh no! I'm so sorry to hear that. Did you get hurt?	A: No, of course not.	B: Oh no! I'm so sorry to hear that. Did you get hurt?
IEVAL-000791	A: Last night a fly got into the bedroom and wouldn't stop trying to land on my face	B: i would be too . i would n't have been able to do it again ? 	A: What are you even talking about?	B: i am sorry to hear that , i hope you have a lot of life . 	A: what does this have to do with a fly?	B: oh , that is a good way to be in the same boat . 
IEVAL-000792	A: I have only a few more semesters in college. I feel very hopeful about my chances of finishing.	B: How do you feel about that?	A: I am very hopeful that I will complete it. I've been working hard	B: How do you feel about it?	A: Hopeful. I have a good GPA, so I'm not too worried	B: How do you feel about it?
IEVAL-000793	A: I have only a few more semesters in college. I feel very hopeful about my chances of finishing.	B: i ' m sure you ' ll do great ! what are you going to do with your semesters ?	A: I am going to finish my last general education classes. I've been putting them off 	B: that ' s great ! i wish you the best of luck ! i hope you have a great time !	A: Thank you! 	B: you ' re welcome ! it ' s always good to have a good attitude and to be positive !
IEVAL-000794	A: I have only a few more semesters in college. I feel very hopeful about my chances of finishing.	B: What are you going to do about it?	A: I'm going to take the last few courses I need	B: What are you going to do about it?	A: I have a couple courses left to take	B: I am sure you will do fine. I hope you do well.
IEVAL-000795	A: I have only a few more semesters in college. I feel very hopeful about my chances of finishing.	B: i bet you will ! 	A: My GPA is pretty high, so I should be able to graduate then	B: i hope you do well . 	A: Thank you	B: it is nice to be happy to hear that . i am glad for you 
IEVAL-000796	A: Yesterday, a difficult day, the anniversary of the death of my mother	B: Oh no, what happened?	A: She died in a car accident	B: Oh no, I'm so sorry to hear that.	A: Thanks 	B: Oh no, I'm so sorry to hear that.
IEVAL-000797	A: Yesterday, a difficult day, the anniversary of the death of my mother	B: i ' m so sorry to hear that . i know how hard it is to lose a loved one .	A: Its been rough. I really loved her	B: i am so sorry for your loss . i hope you are able to find a way to cope .	A: I'll survive, I'll just be sad for a while	B: that ' s a good attitude to have . i am sure you will be able to cope with it .
IEVAL-000798	A: Yesterday, a difficult day, the anniversary of the death of my mother	B: I'm so sorry to hear that. What happened?	A: She died in a car accident 	B: I'm so sorry to hear that. I am so sorry for your loss.	A: Thank you	B: Thank you. I'm so sorry to hear that. Thank you for your kind words.
IEVAL-000799	A: Yesterday, a difficult day, the anniversary of the death of my mother	B: that is terrible . i am sorry to hear that . i know it is hard to have to deal with that , but it will be fine . 	A: I just miss her a lot	B: i am sorry to hear that . i hope you have a lot of life . 	A: Thank you	B: that is good to hear , what kind of business ? 
IEVAL-000800	A: I feel so much better about myself and life in general now that I hit the gym!	B: How do you feel about yourself?	A: I feel amazing, so confident in my body.	B: How do you feel about yourself?	A: incredible! my body looks better than it ever has.	B: That's great! I'm glad you feel that way!
IEVAL-000801	A: I feel so much better about myself and life in general now that I hit the gym!	B: that ' s great ! i ' m glad you ' re feeling better about yourself and your life !	A: Thanks! My body looks better than it ever has in my life	B: it ' s always good to feel good about yourself , even if you don ' t look great .	A: This is true, but I know I look great as well.	B: do you have any hobbies that you ' d like to do to help you feel better ?
IEVAL-000802	A: I feel so much better about myself and life in general now that I hit the gym!	B: I'm sorry to hear that. What did you do?	A: Why are you sorry? I have gotten really healthy and feel great.	B: I'm sorry to hear that. What did you do?	A: I started going to the gym and I feel and look great.	B: I'm so sorry to hear that. What did you do?
IEVAL-000803	A: I feel so much better about myself and life in general now that I hit the gym!	B: that is awesome , i am sorry to hear that . i am sure you can do it . 	A: Why are you sorry? I feel amazing!	B: i am sorry to hear that . i have been there a lot of people who is not for ? 	A: No, it has really increased my confidence.	B: that is a good thing ! you should be proud ! 
IEVAL-000804	A: A while back my cat knocked over and broke my mothers urn.	B: Oh no! How old is your cat?	A: Old enough to know better! It made me so angry, those feelings are bubbling up again just thinking about it. 	B: That is so sad.	A: I know, right? I love my cat but it made me so upset that I almost don't even want my cat anymore.	B: That is so sad. I wish I had a cat like that.
IEVAL-000805	A: A while back my cat knocked over and broke my mothers urn.	B: oh no , that ' s terrible . did you have to call the vet to get it fixed ?	A: no, my cat was fine, but it made me lose my mother's ashes and beautiful urn. Stupid cat!	B: i ' m so sorry for your loss . i hope you have a wonderful day and your cat is safe .	A: My cat is safe, it was reckless and broke my mother's urn. I am so mad at my cat.	B: i am sorry to hear that . do you have any other pets to take care of your cat ?
IEVAL-000806	A: A while back my cat knocked over and broke my mothers urn.	B: Oh no! I am so sorry to hear that.	A: Thanks. I am still furious over it, I can't even look at my cat without getting upset.	B: I am so sorry to hear that. I hope your cat is okay.	A: My cat is totally fine, it's me who is not. I can't replace my mother's ashes. I am furious with my cat.	B: I am so sorry to hear that. I hope your cat is okay.
IEVAL-000807	A: A while back my cat knocked over and broke my mothers urn.	B: that is a bummer ! did you find a dog ? 	A: I should, right? A dog wouldn't do something so infuriating.	B: oh that is not a bummer ! i have never seen that happen . i hope you find a dog to help them . i would n't have to deal with 	A: I should have no animals at all, they ruin your precious items.	B: i am sorry for you , what is the most about that 
IEVAL-000808	A: My brother got a custom-made bowling ball, and ever since then he's been killing the game! It is awesome to see.	B: What game is it?	A: My brother plays bowling.	B: That sounds like a fun game.	A: It's a very fun game! It's the most fun watching my brother beat the game!	B: That sounds like a great game.
IEVAL-000809	A: My brother got a custom-made bowling ball, and ever since then he's been killing the game! It is awesome to see.	B: that ' s awesome ! what kind of bowling did he use ? i ' ve never used a bowling ball .	A: It's a new custom made bowling ball. You've never used a bowling ball?_x000D_	B: i ' m not sure if you ' re serious or not , but i hope you enjoy it !	A: Thank you! It will be fun to watch my brother excel at bowling	B: i hope he enjoys it as much as you do ! it ' ll be a lot of fun !
IEVAL-000810	A: My brother got a custom-made bowling ball, and ever since then he's been killing the game! It is awesome to see.	B: What game is it?	A: He's a bowler. His game has improved a lot._x000D_	B: What game is it?	A: My brother plays bowling!_x000D_	B: What game is it?
IEVAL-000811	A: My brother got a custom-made bowling ball, and ever since then he's been killing the game! It is awesome to see.	B: wow , i am so happy for you ! 	A: thank you!  I think bowling is a fun game!_x000D_	B: what game ? 	A: Bowling is a lot of fun to play._x000D_	B: that is good . i love it 
IEVAL-000812	A: I was running today and felt like this car was following me..	B: What kind of car was it?	A: It was a green Monte Carlo.	B: What kind of car was it?	A: I told you, it was a green Monte Carlo model. It was following me.	B: What kind of car was it?
IEVAL-000813	A: I was running today and felt like this car was following me..	B: oh no ! what did you do to make it look like it was following you ? did you call the police ?	A: I did not call the police. I should have had my mace with me.	B: that ' s a good idea . i ' m glad you didn ' t have to deal with that .	A: I was so scared!	B: it ' s always good to be prepared for things like that . i hope you ' re okay !
IEVAL-000814	A: I was running today and felt like this car was following me..	B: What kind of car was it?	A: It was a green Monte Carlo model.	B: What kind of car was it?	A: I told you, it was a green Monte Carlo. It was following me.	B: What kind of car was it?
IEVAL-000815	A: I was running today and felt like this car was following me..	B: that sounds really nice ! i hope you did a good thing to have to deal with the car 	A: It wasn't nice! the car was stalking me.	B: oh no , i hope you have a car for you to do that . 	A: I don't want it to happen again. I'll bring my mace next time.	B: i know that feeling , but i hope you get the right one day ! i am sure you are doing better ! 
IEVAL-000816	A: I have a huge chance to win a PS4!	B: What kind of game is it?	A: Ps4	B: What kind of game is it?	A: Ps4 Co sole 	B: What kind of game is it?
IEVAL-000817	A: I have a huge chance to win a PS4!	B: that ' s awesome ! i ' m sure you ' ll do great ! what are you going to do with it ?	A: Play it alot	B: that sounds like a lot of fun ! i hope you have a great time with it ! : )	A: Thanks so much wish me luck	B: you ' re welcome ! i wish you the best of luck as well ! i know it ' s going to be great !
IEVAL-000818	A: I have a huge chance to win a PS4!	B: What are you going to do with it?	A: Play it	B: What are you going to do with it?	A: Play it with friends	B: What are you going to do with it?
IEVAL-000819	A: I have a huge chance to win a PS4!	B: oh wow ! that does not seem fun ! what are you doing for your own ? 	A: I don't currently have one	B: i am sorry to hear that , what is your plans to do 	A: Hopefully win one	B: what did you do ? 
IEVAL-000820	A: I have always been afraid of snakes i dont know what to do to control my fear for them	B: What do you do to control them?	A: Grab em ha	B: What do you do to control them?	A: Tail	B: What do you do to control them?
IEVAL-000821	A: I have always been afraid of snakes i dont know what to do to control my fear for them	B: i ' m sorry to hear that . do you have any other fears that you ' re afraid of ?	A: Spiders too	B: spiders are scary ! i ' ve never seen one in person , but i hear they ' re pretty cool .	A: Haha ya I guess	B: what ' s your favorite kind of spider ? i know there ' s a lot of different kinds .
IEVAL-000822	A: I have always been afraid of snakes i dont know what to do to control my fear for them	B: What are you afraid of?	A: Snakes	B: I am afraid of snakes	A: Haha me 2	B: Are you afraid of snakes?
IEVAL-000823	A: I have always been afraid of snakes i dont know what to do to control my fear for them	B: that is the worst , i am glad you are okay . i am sure you are ok ? 	A: Ya im good what should I do	B: i am sure ! 	A: What	B: what ? what was the about ? 
IEVAL-000824	A: One of the times I remember feeling the most blissed out in life was right after the birth of my first child.	B: What did you do?	A: I was so overwhelmed, I couldn't help but smile	B: That is so sweet of you.	A: Thank you so much!	B: That is so sweet of you.
IEVAL-000825	A: One of the times I remember feeling the most blissed out in life was right after the birth of my first child.	B: i ' m sorry to hear that . how long did it take for you to feel that way ?	A: no, this was a good thing, not a bad thing. it was almost instant	B: that ' s good to hear . it ' s always good to have a positive impact on the world .	A: i guess having a kid can impact things	B: it sure can . i wish you the best of luck with the rest of your life . : )
IEVAL-000826	A: One of the times I remember feeling the most blissed out in life was right after the birth of my first child.	B: How old is your first child?	A: 3 months	B: 10 years old.  I'm so happy for you.  I am so proud of you.	A: I said 3 months, not 10. Thanks for being proud though?	B: I am so proud of you.  I am so happy for you!
IEVAL-000827	A: One of the times I remember feeling the most blissed out in life was right after the birth of my first child.	B: i am sure you were happy 	A: so happy, it was euphoric!	B: that is great . i am glad it was not a nice thing to do 	A: no, it was a great thing	B: that is good to hear . what did you have for ? 
IEVAL-000828	A: My step dad showed me a cut he got while working on his boat and I could see his muscle fibers. I almost puked.	B: That's so sweet of him. Did he say anything to you about it?	A: It wasn't sweet, it was gross!	B: That's really sweet of him.	A: No, it's not sweet. I wish he wouldn't have showed me. 	B: That's really sweet of him.
IEVAL-000829	A: My step dad showed me a cut he got while working on his boat and I could see his muscle fibers. I almost puked.	B: oh no ! i ' m sorry to hear that . i hope you ' re feeling better now .	A: I am, it was really gross though	B: i bet it was . it ' s always good to be prepared for things like that . you ' ll get over it .	A: thank you for being so understanding!	B: no problem . i wish you the best of luck with the rest of your life . you deserve it .
IEVAL-000830	A: My step dad showed me a cut he got while working on his boat and I could see his muscle fibers. I almost puked.	B: Oh no! I am so sorry to hear that.	A: it's ok, everything is better now	B: I am so sorry to hear that. I hope he gets better soon.	A: he is fine now	B: Thank you for your kind words. I hope he gets better soon.
IEVAL-000831	A: My step dad showed me a cut he got while working on his boat and I could see his muscle fibers. I almost puked.	B: that is a bummer . did you get the person who was it for ? 	A: he just had a self inflicted accident	B: i am sorry to hear that . i hope he is okay . 	A: he is better now, thanks	B: that is great , i hope he is doing something to do . 
IEVAL-000832	A: I went to San Antonio the other day, was great to see that city.	B: What city did you go there?	A: I went to San Antonio, I had a great time.	B: What city did you go there?	A: San Antonio, texas.	B: What city did you go there?
IEVAL-000833	A: I went to San Antonio the other day, was great to see that city.	B: san antonio is a great place to visit . it ' s the most populous city in the us .	A: I didn't know that. I thought New York had the most people.	B: san antonio has a population of 8 , 537 , 673 . that ' s a lot of people .	A: That is a lot, I didn't realize it was so big.	B: yes , it is . it also has the highest population density in the u . s . as well .
IEVAL-000834	A: I went to San Antonio the other day, was great to see that city.	B: What city was it?	A: San antonio	B: What city was it?	A: As i said san antonio	B: I've never heard of it. I've never been there.
IEVAL-000835	A: I went to San Antonio the other day, was great to see that city.	B: that sounds fun . what did you do ? 	A: went to restaurants and went shopping with friends, it was very fun	B: i love that when i was younger . i was always a fun time . 	A: it made me feel young again	B: that is good . i am sure that is a good feeling to do it . 
IEVAL-000836	A: I had a bad experience out to eat the other day. I don't do it too often, so it was a bummer.	B: What happened?	A: the steak was raw. i had to send it back.	B: What kind of meat was it?	A: steak--beef. and the server was rude.	B: That sounds like a really good meal. I'm glad you had a good meal.
IEVAL-000837	A: I had a bad experience out to eat the other day. I don't do it too often, so it was a bummer.	B: oh no , i ' m sorry to hear that . i hope you ' re feeling better now .	A: I didn't get sick but the food wasn't very good	B: that ' s too bad . hopefully you ' ll be able to find a new place to eat .	A: yes i should try somewhere else	B: it ' s always good to try new places . maybe you can find something else to eat at .
IEVAL-000838	A: I had a bad experience out to eat the other day. I don't do it too often, so it was a bummer.	B: I'm sorry to hear that. What did you do?	A: I sent the food back to be cooked more	B: Oh no, I'm so sorry to hear that. I am so sorry that happened to you.	A: thanks, the server was also rude	B: I am so sorry to hear that. I hope it wasn't too bad.
IEVAL-000839	A: I had a bad experience out to eat the other day. I don't do it too often, so it was a bummer.	B: i am sorry to hear that . i hope you get the soon ! 	A: I did get there but the dinner was bad	B: i hope it was not a fun thing to do 	A: why would you hope that?	B: what do you mean ? 
IEVAL-000840	A: I have been rehearsing for a job interview for a couple of weeks now, and I am so ready!	B: What kind of job is it?	A: It's an IT job. I'm so ready to get working. 	B: What kind of job is it?	A: ITs an IT job	B: What kind of job is it? I'm sure you'll do great!
IEVAL-000841	A: I have been rehearsing for a job interview for a couple of weeks now, and I am so ready!	B: i ' m sure you ' ll do great ! what kind of job are you hoping to get ?	A: I am looking for an IT job.	B: that ' s great ! i hope it goes well for you . i hope you get the job !	A: Thanks, I'm so ready	B: good luck ! i wish you the best of luck with the interview . it ' s always good to be prepared .
IEVAL-000842	A: I have been rehearsing for a job interview for a couple of weeks now, and I am so ready!	B: What kind of job is it?	A: It's an IT job. I'm so ready to get the job. 	B: What kind of job is it?	A: It's an IT job	B: What kind of job is it?
IEVAL-000843	A: I have been rehearsing for a job interview for a couple of weeks now, and I am so ready!	B: that is a good attitude to have ! i hope you do it ! 	A: I am so looking forward to getting the job._x000D_	B: that is awesome , what kind of job is it ? 	A: It will be an IT job.	B: i am sorry . i am sure it feels great . 
IEVAL-000844	A: i hate all the mosquitos that grow during the rain season	B: Why do you hate them?	A: I hate how they bite and make me itch	B: Why do you hate them?	A: Thier bite hurts and makes me itch_x000D_	B: I know what you mean. I hate them too.
IEVAL-000845	A: i hate all the mosquitos that grow during the rain season	B: me too ! i hate them so much . i hate the smell of them . it ' s so gross .	A: I hate how their bites hurt.	B: me too . i ' m allergic to them so i don ' t think i ' ll ever get them again .	A: O I'm not but their bites make me itch. 	B: that ' s the worst . i can ' t even get them out of the house because of it .
IEVAL-000846	A: i hate all the mosquitos that grow during the rain season	B: Why do you hate them?	A: They cause me to itch, and they hurt.	B: Why do you hate them?	A: There bite hurts and it makes me itch. 	B: I hate them too. I don't like them either.
IEVAL-000847	A: i hate all the mosquitos that grow during the rain season	B: i agree . what did you do 	A: I spray bug spray all over to try and kill them.	B: that is a shame ! i hope they get it . 	A: I wish they all would die.	B: i am sorry to hear that . i am sure you will find a better place to live . 
IEVAL-000848	A: Some people are just so generous. Really makes you feel like there is some humanity left out there.	B: I know exactly what you mean.	A: Yes, the other day someone gave me 3 concert tickets free for example and I felt like someone still cared._x000D_	B: That sounds like a lot of fun. What concert was it?	A: It was a Billy Joel concert._x000D_	B: Oh wow, that sounds like a lot of fun.
IEVAL-000849	A: Some people are just so generous. Really makes you feel like there is some humanity left out there.	B: yes , i agree . it ' s so nice to have people like that around . i wish more people were like that .	A: I agree.  I love to feel loved.	B: i ' m sure you do . i ' d love to be able to give back to the community .	A: That is great. You are a gem._x000D_	B: i wish you the best of luck with the rest of your life . i hope you have a great day .
IEVAL-000850	A: Some people are just so generous. Really makes you feel like there is some humanity left out there.	B: What do you mean by that?	A: I just got 3 free tickets to a rock concert and had an awesome time._x000D_	B: I'm sorry to hear that. I hope you have a great time.	A: I did have a great time. Didn't you hear me?_x000D_	B: Yes, it was a great time. Thank you. I hope you have a great time!
IEVAL-000851	A: Some people are just so generous. Really makes you feel like there is some humanity left out there.	B: yes it is a lot . 	A: Do you know how great I felt when I got free tickets to a concert?	B: that is good ! how long have you been there for ? 	A: I went for the evening to the concert	B: that is awesome . i love it when i was younger . 
IEVAL-000852	A: I stole my friend's Pokemon card when we were 7. I still feel guilty about it.	B: Why did you do that?	A: I was immature.	B: Why did you do that?	A: I don't really know, just was too young to think about consequences.	B: Why did you do that?
IEVAL-000853	A: I stole my friend's Pokemon card when we were 7. I still feel guilty about it.	B: i ' m sorry to hear that . did you ever find out who stole it or did they find out ?	A: no, I was the one who took the card and felt so bad	B: that ' s too bad . i hope you can find a way to get it back to him .	A: Yes, maybe some day.	B: i hope so . it ' s a shame that you didn ' t do anything to help him .
IEVAL-000854	A: I stole my friend's Pokemon card when we were 7. I still feel guilty about it.	B: Why did you do that?	A: I just thought I needed that card.	B: Why did you need it?	A: It completed my set	B: I don't know what to do with it. I'm not sure what I would do without it.
IEVAL-000855	A: I stole my friend's Pokemon card when we were 7. I still feel guilty about it.	B: that sounds like a lot of people . 	A: Yes, I followed the crowd and shouldn't.	B: what did you do ? 	A: I told you I did that	B: i am sorry . i have had that happen to me . what was your favorite thing ? 
IEVAL-000856	A: My little girl loves to wake up at night and ask for chocolate milk.	B: What kind of chocolate milk is it?	A: I give her the sugar free variety.	B: That sounds delicious. I love chocolate milk.	A: I love chocolate milk too.	B: That sounds delicious. I love chocolate milk too.
IEVAL-000857	A: My little girl loves to wake up at night and ask for chocolate milk.	B: that ' s so cute ! i ' m sure she doesn ' t like chocolate milk as much as you do .	A: She loves chocolate milk more than I do.	B: i bet she does . it ' s hard to get used to it , but she ' ll grow out of it .	A: Do you mean it's hard not loving chocolate milk?_x000D_	B: oh , i see . i don ' t think i ' ve ever had chocolate milk in my life .
IEVAL-000858	A: My little girl loves to wake up at night and ask for chocolate milk.	B: What kind of milk is it?	A: Chocolate milk.	B: It's a chocolate milk milk. I don't know what it is.	A: Have you never heard chocolate milk?	B: No, I haven't. It's a chocolate milk milk milk milk.
IEVAL-000859	A: My little girl loves to wake up at night and ask for chocolate milk.	B: that is a great thing to do ! 	A: I always give her the sugar free variety.	B: that is a nice way to have a great time . 	A: Sugar free is good for her health.	B: that is great , i hope you are able to do that for you 
IEVAL-000860	A: It's so hot and our AC just broke. We had to open the windows to be able to sleep!	B: Oh no!  What happened?	A: A huge fly is buzzing outside the window.	B: Oh wow! That must have been so scary!	A: The fly actually gets into the room. It's more annoying than scary.	B: I would be too!  I would have been so scared!
IEVAL-000861	A: It's so hot and our AC just broke. We had to open the windows to be able to sleep!	B: oh no ! i ' m sorry to hear that . i hope you ' re able to get some sleep .	A: What made it worse was that a huge fly got into the room and buzzed around.	B: oh my goodness ! that ' s terrible . i ' d be so mad . i hate flies .	A: Me too! I did not get any sleep.	B: i am so sorry that happened to you . i am sure you ' ll get some rest soon .
IEVAL-000862	A: It's so hot and our AC just broke. We had to open the windows to be able to sleep!	B: Oh no! I am so sorry to hear that.	A: What made it even worse was that a huge fly kept buzzing outside the window.	B: Oh no, I am so sorry to hear that. I hope you are able to get it fixed soon.	A: Thanks. Yes, I am calling a contractor to get the AC fixed.	B: I am so sorry to hear that. I hope you are able to get it fixed soon.
IEVAL-000863	A: It's so hot and our AC just broke. We had to open the windows to be able to sleep!	B: oh wow , that is a good feeling ! 	A: Why do you think that was a good feeling?	B: what happened ? 	A: It was super hot and a huge fly was right outside the window buzzing.	B: oh no ! i hope that you have a lot of rain . 
IEVAL-000864	A: Some people are just naturals. The first time I played pool with a friend of mine, she beat the guy running the table!	B: How old is your friend?	A: She's in her mid 20s_x000D_	B: How old is she?	A: 25!_x000D_	B: Wow, you must be so proud of her!
IEVAL-000865	A: Some people are just naturals. The first time I played pool with a friend of mine, she beat the guy running the table!	B: that ' s awesome ! i ' ve never played pool , but i ' d like to one day .	A: You should, it's so fun! Especially when you're playing with friends._x000D_	B: what kind of games do you like to play ? there are so many different kinds of pool games .	A: I like playing games that have teamwork to them and you work with someone else. 	B: that sounds like a lot of fun . i ' m sure you ' ll have a great time !
IEVAL-000866	A: Some people are just naturals. The first time I played pool with a friend of mine, she beat the guy running the table!	B: What did you do?	A: I was playing pool with a friend, she beat a guy she was playing against by running the table.	B: What did you do?	A: I already told you_x000D_	B: What did you do?
IEVAL-000867	A: Some people are just naturals. The first time I played pool with a friend of mine, she beat the guy running the table!	B: that sounds really good ! i have a lot of money . 	A: Yeah it was so fun, and I'm so proud of her_x000D_	B: i am sorry . that sounds like a lot of fun 	A: It was a lot of fun_x000D_	B: that is a good feeling . i hope you get a lot of fun 
IEVAL-000868	A: I am so upset that a public road in front of my house closed because of a limestone mine.	B: Oh no, what happened?	A: There was some kind of problem with the limestone mine and now the road in front of my house is closed and it makes things so inconvenient !	B: Oh no, that's awful. I am sure it will be fine.	A: Probably, but it's so inconvenient and tacks on so much time on my commute, so it's extremely annoying 	B: Oh no, that sounds awful. I am sure it will be fine.
IEVAL-000869	A: I am so upset that a public road in front of my house closed because of a limestone mine.	B: oh no ! i ' m sorry to hear that . what did you do to get rid of it ?	A: I can't get rid of it, I just have to wait it out until they open it back up._x000D_	B: what do you do for a living ? do you have any hobbies you like to do ?	A: I am a streamer, I enjoy playing video games and reading._x000D_	B: what ' s your favorite game ? i ' ve been playing call of duty for a while now .
IEVAL-000870	A: I am so upset that a public road in front of my house closed because of a limestone mine.	B: Oh no, what happened?	A: I'm not exactly sure, I guess there was some kind of accident._x000D_	B: Oh no, I am so sorry to hear that. What happened?	A: There was an accident that shut down the road in front of my house_x000D_	B: Oh no! I am so sorry to hear that. I hope you are okay.
IEVAL-000871	A: I am so upset that a public road in front of my house closed because of a limestone mine.	B: oh no ! i hate that too ! 	A: Ugh, it's the worst. It's so inconvenient 	B: i am sorry . i am sorry . why do not you mean ? 	A: What do you mean?	B: what ? 
IEVAL-000872	A: I visited the BMX park today and saw someone doing a double front flip with their bike, it was insane!	B: What kind of bike was it?	A: I am not sure, it was a BMX type.	B: What kind of bike was it?	A: BMX.	B: It must have been a very big one!
IEVAL-000873	A: I visited the BMX park today and saw someone doing a double front flip with their bike, it was insane!	B: that sounds like a lot of fun ! i ' ve never tried it , but i ' d love to try it .	A: Yes, I'd like to try it also.	B: i ' m sure it ' ll be fun . i ' ll have to check it out sometime .	A: You should come by next week.	B: i would love to ! it ' s always nice to see a park that ' s been around for so long .
IEVAL-000874	A: I visited the BMX park today and saw someone doing a double front flip with their bike, it was insane!	B: Wow, that must have been scary. Did you see who did it?	A: It was cool, yes it was a teenager.	B: Did you see who it was?	A: Yes, a young teenage boy 	B: Did you see who it was?
IEVAL-000875	A: I visited the BMX park today and saw someone doing a double front flip with their bike, it was insane!	B: that is a shame . i am sorry . i am glad you are okay . 	A: No, it was a good thing.	B: what did you do 	A: I watched the rider.	B: that sounds so fun ! i have been there . i was not a big fan but i am sorry to hear that . 
IEVAL-000876	A: i feel alone whenever i think about my dad, he passed away last year	B: How old was he?	A: 67	B: How old is he?	A: He was 67.	B: How old is he?
IEVAL-000877	A: i feel alone whenever i think about my dad, he passed away last year	B: i ' m so sorry to hear that . i hope you ' re able to get through it .	A: Thank you, it is hard.	B: i know what you mean . it ' s hard to lose a loved one , but it gets better .	A: I'm not sure about that.	B: it ' ll get better . just keep your head up and you ' ll feel better in no time .
IEVAL-000878	A: i feel alone whenever i think about my dad, he passed away last year	B: I am so sorry to hear that.	A: Thank you, it has been difficult.	B: I am so sorry to hear that.	A: Yes, you said that.	B: I am so sorry to hear that. Thank you for your kind words.
IEVAL-000879	A: i feel alone whenever i think about my dad, he passed away last year	B: i am sorry to hear that . i am sorry . that is a lot of hard work is always a pain . 	A: I'm not sure what you mean.	B: i am sorry , i have been there for you ? 	A: Sort of.	B: what did you do ? 
IEVAL-000880	A: I just got a new car and I absolutely love it! My old car was a piece of crap so an upgrade is awesome!	B: What kind of car was it?	A: A Jeep Wrangler!	B: That sounds like a great car!	A: I love the option to take the roof off and just cruise down the highway with the wind blowing in my face!	B: That sounds like a great car!
IEVAL-000881	A: I just got a new car and I absolutely love it! My old car was a piece of crap so an upgrade is awesome!	B: that ' s awesome ! what kind of car is it ? i ' ve always wanted to get a new one .	A: A Jeep Wrangler!	B: that sounds like a lot of fun ! i ' m sure you ' ll enjoy it a lot .	A: Definitely!	B: i hope you enjoy your new car as much as i do ! it ' s always good to get new things .
IEVAL-000882	A: I just got a new car and I absolutely love it! My old car was a piece of crap so an upgrade is awesome!	B: What kind of car is it?	A: A Honda Accord	B: It's a 1968 chevrolet.	A: No, it’s a Honda Accord and it gets great gas mileage 	B: That's awesome! What color is it?
IEVAL-000883	A: I just got a new car and I absolutely love it! My old car was a piece of crap so an upgrade is awesome!	B: that is awesome , i am sure you will be able to help . 	A: My new car is a Jeep 	B: that is nice ! what kind of car is it ? 	A: I just said it was a Jeep 	B: that is a good feeling ! did you get any trouble ? 
IEVAL-000884	A: My dog randomly got up on my couch last week, and just started peeing.. Like what!?!?!??!?!	B: That sounds like a great dog!	A: Not at all!	B: That sounds like a great dog!	A: Are you even listening to what I’m saying? 	B: I am! That sounds like a great dog!
IEVAL-000885	A: My dog randomly got up on my couch last week, and just started peeing.. Like what!?!?!??!?!	B: oh no ! that ' s not good . did you take him to the vet to be sure ?	A: I don’t think it’s a medical problem. He just needs to be more obedient!	B: i ' m sorry to hear that . i hope you can get him to a vet asap .	A: More like he needs to be trained better 	B: i hope he gets better soon . it ' s always good to take your dog to the doctor .
IEVAL-000886	A: My dog randomly got up on my couch last week, and just started peeing.. Like what!?!?!??!?!	B: Oh no! I'm so sorry to hear that!	A: Yeah, I’m going to need to train him better 	B: Oh no! I'm so sorry to hear that! I hope you have a great time!	A: Not if he keeps being disobedient 	B: Oh no! I'm so sorry to hear that! I hope you have a great time!
IEVAL-000887	A: My dog randomly got up on my couch last week, and just started peeing.. Like what!?!?!??!?!	B: that is a lot of dog , i hope you have a dog for me . 	A: It made me so frustrated what my dog did 	B: that sucks . how long have you had to do ? 	A: This was the first time he peed on the couch 	B: i would be so upset ! i hope you did not get into it ? 
IEVAL-000888	A: I felt like I was on the top of the world when I won the science fair in middle school. No better feeling than that for a small child.	B: How big was it?	A: The project.  It was really good size.	B: How big was it?	A: It was a big, erupting volcano.	B: Wow, that's pretty big. I bet you were proud of yourself.
IEVAL-000889	A: I felt like I was on the top of the world when I won the science fair in middle school. No better feeling than that for a small child.	B: that ' s awesome ! i ' m glad you were able to do that . did you do well ?	A: Yes I did.  I took first place.  It was a great accomplishment.	B: it ' s always good to be proud of yourself . you ' ll do great in the future .	A: Thank you so much for those kind words.	B: you ' re welcome . i wish you the best of luck with the rest of your future endeavors .
IEVAL-000890	A: I felt like I was on the top of the world when I won the science fair in middle school. No better feeling than that for a small child.	B: How old is your child?	A: This isn't about a child.  I was the child.	B: How old is your child?	A: I was the child.	B: How old is your child?
IEVAL-000891	A: I felt like I was on the top of the world when I won the science fair in middle school. No better feeling than that for a small child.	B: wow ! that is amazing , i bet that is a good feeling ! 	A: Yes it was.	B: that is really good , what did you end up doing ? 	A: Taking first in a science fair with a big, erupting volcano.	B: i have been there , i am sure you are a lot of fun ! 
IEVAL-000892	A: I lost a good job a few years back	B: What kind of job did you get?	A: You mean lost?  I worked for 10 yrs for a financial firm.	B: What kind of job did you get?	A: I didn't get a job, I lost a job.	B: What kind of job did you get?
IEVAL-000893	A: I lost a good job a few years back	B: i ' m sorry to hear that . i hope you ' re doing better now . what did you do ?	A: I worked for a financial firm.  And thank you.  It is has been so hard on all of us.	B: that ' s good to hear . i know how hard it can be to work for a company .	A: Its not good to hear and I worked for that company for several yrs.	B: thank you for your kind words . it means a lot to hear from someone who feels the same way .
IEVAL-000894	A: I lost a good job a few years back	B: What kind of job did you lose?	A: I worked for a financial firm for about 10 yrs as a consultant.	B: I am so sorry to hear that. I hope you feel better about it.	A: I believe eventually over time I will and thank you.	B: Thank you for your kind words. I hope you feel better about it.
IEVAL-000895	A: I lost a good job a few years back	B: oh no . i am sorry to hear that , it is a lot of money , i am sure it was a good feeling better now 	A: No.  It is heartbreaking.	B: i am sorry to hear that . i am sorry . how long have you been together ? 	A: I worked for the job for 10 yrs.	B: that is a lot ! congrats to you ? 
IEVAL-000896	A: My wife made me pancakes for breakfast. I have a full belly and feel rather happy now.	B: What kind of cereal is it?	A: they are pancakes	B: Oh that sounds delicious. I love cereal.	A: they are not cereal	B: That sounds delicious. I love cereal.
IEVAL-000897	A: My wife made me pancakes for breakfast. I have a full belly and feel rather happy now.	B: that ' s great ! i ' m glad you ' re feeling better about it . what did she make you ?	A: I said pancakes	B: oh , i didn ' t catch that . i thought you said you had a full stomach . lol	A: I do	B: what kind of pancakes do you make for breakfast ? i ' ve always wanted to try some of those .
IEVAL-000898	A: My wife made me pancakes for breakfast. I have a full belly and feel rather happy now.	B: What kind of breakfast did she make?	A: pancakes	B: I don't know. I think she made some for me.	A: That didn't make sense	B: I think she made some for me too. I don't think she made enough for me.
IEVAL-000899	A: My wife made me pancakes for breakfast. I have a full belly and feel rather happy now.	B: oh that is nice , how long have you guys going to have ? 	A: That didn't make sense	B: i am sorry to hear that . what happened ? 	A: Your response doesn't make sense	B: i hope you get the right one day 
IEVAL-000900	A: My dog puked all over the carpet a few weeks back.	B: Oh no! Did you clean it up?	A: yes	B: Did you clean it up?	A: yes I did	B: That's great! I'm glad it worked out for you!
IEVAL-000901	A: My dog puked all over the carpet a few weeks back.	B: i ' m sorry to hear that . did you take him to the vet to get it fixed ?	A: he was okay after	B: that ' s good to hear . it ' s always good to take your dog to the animal shelter .	A: I didn't 	B: i hope he ' s better now . i hope you ' re able to find a new home for him .
IEVAL-000902	A: My dog puked all over the carpet a few weeks back.	B: Oh no! I am so sorry to hear that.	A: thank  you	B: Thank you! I am so sorry to hear that.	A: That's okay	B: Thank you! I am so sorry to hear that.
IEVAL-000903	A: My dog puked all over the carpet a few weeks back.	B: oh no . did it clean ? 	A: yes it did_x000D_	B: that is a good feeling ! what was the issue ? 	A: I am unsure	B: i am sorry . what happened ? 
IEVAL-000904	A: My friends threw an unexpected birthday party for me. I thought they'd forgotten..	B: Was it a surprise party?	A: Yes it was! I had no idea it was going to happen. 	B: Was it a surprise party?	A: I wasn't expecting them to do anything and then they threw me a party. I have the best friends!	B: That sounds like a great party!
IEVAL-000905	A: My friends threw an unexpected birthday party for me. I thought they'd forgotten..	B: that ' s really nice of them to do that for you . what did you do with it ?	A: It was really nice of them. I had such a good time!	B: i ' m glad you had a great time . it ' s always nice to have good friends .	A: Yes it is nice to have good friends. They help in good times and bad. I love my friends.	B: i wish i had more friends like you . i don ' t have a lot of close friends .
IEVAL-000906	A: My friends threw an unexpected birthday party for me. I thought they'd forgotten..	B: Oh no! What happened?	A: I was totally surprised and touched by my friends thoughtfulness. It was so much fun!	B: That's so nice of them! I hope you had a great time!	A: I did. Thanks! We enjoyed ourselves tremendously.	B: That's great! I hope you have a great time!
IEVAL-000907	A: My friends threw an unexpected birthday party for me. I thought they'd forgotten..	B: oh that sounds nice ! did you get the lucky day ? 	A: It was very nice. I was totally shocked because I wasn't expecting it.	B: that is good , i am glad you were able to get it fixed ? 	A: My friends and I ended up partying the night away. It was the best birthday ever!	B: oh no , i bet that was a nice surprise . did you get a new one ? 
IEVAL-000908	A: For a while my husband was really sick with the flu	B: What was wrong with the flu?	A: The flu made him so sick he couldn't get out of bed. He was running a fever of 102 F and just ached all over. 	B: What was wrong with the flu?	A: It took him several weeks to fully recover. I hope no one else gets it like he had it. It was terrible for him.	B: That's good to hear. I'm glad you are feeling better.
IEVAL-000909	A: For a while my husband was really sick with the flu	B: oh no , i ' m sorry to hear that . i hope he ' s feeling better now .	A: Thanks. He is feeling better but it took quite awhile for him to get over it.	B: that ' s good to hear . it ' s always good to take care of your loved ones .	A: He is my best friend and I would do anything for him so taking care of him was not a chore.	B: oh , i see . i don ' t think i ' ve ever had a best friend in my life .
IEVAL-000910	A: For a while my husband was really sick with the flu	B: I'm sorry to hear that. What did he do?	A: He caught the flu from a co-worker. He has several health problems so that made him sicker with it. 	B: I'm sorry to hear that. I hope he gets better soon.	A: Thanks. He has finally recovered from it. It just took him a long while to get better. 	B: I'm so sorry to hear that. I hope he gets better soon.
IEVAL-000911	A: For a while my husband was really sick with the flu	B: that is good . how did you get it ? 	A: My husband had the flu and was really sick for several weeks with a high fever and body aches. The poor guy could barely raise his head off the pillow.	B: oh no ! i hope that you had a lot of courage to do it . i hope he gets better now ! 	A: He is finally feeling better. Thanks. It took him awhile but he is getting stronger every day.	B: that is a good thing to do . 
IEVAL-000912	A: My brother isn't very good with money but i just lent him some	B: What did he give you?	A: He didn't give me anything. I gave him money.	B: What did he give you?	A: No, I was the one who gave money to him.	B: What did he give you?
IEVAL-000913	A: My brother isn't very good with money but i just lent him some	B: that ' s a nice thing to do . i ' m sure he ' s grateful for it .	A: Yes. I hope it works out for both of us.	B: i hope so too . it ' s always nice to have someone to help you out when you need it .	A: Thank you for saying so. 	B: you ' re welcome . do you have any other hobbies you ' d like to share with your brother ?
IEVAL-000914	A: My brother isn't very good with money but i just lent him some	B: How much did he give you?	A: I gave him the money.	B: How much did he give you?	A: He didn't give me any. I gave him money instead.	B: How much did he give you?
IEVAL-000915	A: My brother isn't very good with money but i just lent him some	B: that is nice to hear , how did that make you feel ? 	A: I felt good to be helping him out.	B: that is a nice feeling to have to be happy for you . 	A: I guess it is. I'm wondering if I will get it back from him.	B: i am sorry to hear that . i hope you do not have to deal with it , and i am sure you will do something you want to do that 
IEVAL-000916	A: I didn't think to invite my sister to a party I recently helped put on.	B: That's nice of you. What kind of party was it?	A: It was just a group of friends getting together for a birthday. I wish my sister had been there.	B: That sounds like a lot of fun.	A: It was fun. Everybody enjoyed it.	B: That's great. I'm glad you enjoyed it.
IEVAL-000917	A: I didn't think to invite my sister to a party I recently helped put on.	B: that ' s nice of you to help put on a party . did you have a good time ?	A: Yes, I did have a good time. Now I'm thinking of my sister.	B: it ' s always good to think about your sister . i hope it all works out for you .	A: Thank you. I'm sure it will. We always make up.	B: you ' re welcome . i wish you the best of luck with your sister ' s future endeavors .
IEVAL-000918	A: I didn't think to invite my sister to a party I recently helped put on.	B: Why didn't you invite her?	A: I was feeling kind of mad at her, but now I feel bad about it.	B: Why didn't you invite her?	A: We'd had an argument about something minor, but I was still thinking of it when the party came around.	B: Why didn't you invite her?
IEVAL-000919	A: I didn't think to invite my sister to a party I recently helped put on.	B: that is nice of you , how did it turn out ? 	A: The party was fun, but my sister wasn't there. I felt bad about that.	B: oh that is not good . i have a good time . did you find a good one ? 	A: The party was okay, but not the great experience I was hoping for.	B: what was the trip ? 
IEVAL-000920	A: My daughter has been sick for months but she is finally starting to get better!	B: How old is she?	A: She is 2, she got sick in day care	B: How old is she?	A: The bacterial infection was hard to treat.  It's been a long road.	B: How old is she?
IEVAL-000921	A: My daughter has been sick for months but she is finally starting to get better!	B: that ' s great ! i ' m glad she ' s feeling better . i hope she feels better soon .	A: Thank you I am very hopeful	B: i hope everything works out for her . it ' s always good to have a good support system .	A: Yes thank you.	B: you ' re welcome . i wish you the best of luck with the rest of your life . : )
IEVAL-000922	A: My daughter has been sick for months but she is finally starting to get better!	B: I'm so sorry to hear that. How old is she?	A: She is 2.  She caught a bad infection from day care.	B: I'm so sorry to hear that. I hope she gets better soon.	A: Thank you.  I am very hopeful	B: I am so sorry to hear that.  I hope she gets better soon.
IEVAL-000923	A: My daughter has been sick for months but she is finally starting to get better!	B: that is a great attitude to have ! 	A: i'm very hopeful she will recover	B: that is a good feeling , i hope you get a good feeling . 	A: it's been a long road with her health	B: that is great . what is your favorite thing you have ? 
IEVAL-000924	A: Found out some bad news today about my kids custody case.	B: Oh no! What happened?	A: Due to some paperwork not being filed, he will get custody back on the kids.	B: Oh no! What happened?	A: So they will have to go back to his house.  I'm devastated.	B: Oh no! That is terrible news!
IEVAL-000925	A: Found out some bad news today about my kids custody case.	B: oh no , i ' m so sorry to hear that . how long has it been going on ?	A: Well the case has been going on for months, but this just  happened today._x000D_	B: it ' s been a long time since i ' ve been in a custody battle , so i don ' t know what to do .	A: Ok, well due to some paperwork not being filed, the kids have to go back to him until my lawyer files the right paperwork.	B: that ' s good to know . i hope everything works out for the best for both of us .
IEVAL-000926	A: Found out some bad news today about my kids custody case.	B: Oh no! What happened?	A: Well, my lawyer didn't file some paperwork, so the kids have to go back to their dad for a few days.	B: Oh no! I'm so sorry to hear that. I am so sorry that happened to you.	A: Yes, I'm devastated.	B: I'm so sorry to hear that. I hope everything works out for you.
IEVAL-000927	A: Found out some bad news today about my kids custody case.	B: oh no ! i am sorry to hear that . how did you find out ? 	A: my lawyer called me - he forgot to file some paperwork.	B: oh no . that is awful . i hope he is ok 	A: my lawyer is fine but the kids have to go back to their dad for a bit._x000D_	B: that is good , how did he do ? 
IEVAL-000928	A: I have been feeling very faithful these days. My lover treats me so well.	B: That's great. How long have you been together?	A: We have been together 5 years	B: That's a long time. How long have you been together?	A: Yes it is	B: How long have you been together?
IEVAL-000929	A: I have been feeling very faithful these days. My lover treats me so well.	B: that ' s great to hear . i ' m glad you ' re feeling good about your relationship .	A: Yes thank you	B: i wish you the best of luck in the future . i hope you find the right person for you .	A: We might get marry soon	B: good luck to you and your lover . it ' s always good to be faithful to your loved ones .
IEVAL-000930	A: I have been feeling very faithful these days. My lover treats me so well.	B: How long have you been married?	A: I am not married yet.	B: How long have you been married?	A: I am still only common  law partner	B: How long have you been married?
IEVAL-000931	A: I have been feeling very faithful these days. My lover treats me so well.	B: that is a good thing . 	A: Yes, I am surprised why I act this way	B: that is nice . how did you find it ? 	A: I don't know I just want to be nice and faithful to her	B: that is a good feeling ! 
IEVAL-000932	A: My friend is a surgeon and we were discussing salary. He easily makes 200,000 a year and he is only 32. It's crazy and I was jealous of him.	B: That sounds like a lot of work to me.	A: I think so too. He must be working very hard	B: That sounds like a lot of work to me.	A: Yes	B: That sounds like a lot of work to me.
IEVAL-000933	A: My friend is a surgeon and we were discussing salary. He easily makes 200,000 a year and he is only 32. It's crazy and I was jealous of him.	B: wow , that ' s a lot of money . i don ' t think i could do that .	A: Yes, he must be working very hard	B: i ' m sure he is . he ' s lucky to have such a great friend like that .	A: I am not a good friend	B: i am sorry to hear that . do you have any other friends that you can talk to about it ?
IEVAL-000934	A: My friend is a surgeon and we were discussing salary. He easily makes 200,000 a year and he is only 32. It's crazy and I was jealous of him.	B: I'm sorry to hear that. Have you talked to him about it?	A: no, I don't know what to say	B: I'm sorry to hear that. Have you talked to him about it?	A: no	B: No, I haven't talked to him about it. I'm so sorry to hear that.
IEVAL-000935	A: My friend is a surgeon and we were discussing salary. He easily makes 200,000 a year and he is only 32. It's crazy and I was jealous of him.	B: that is a shame . it is not too bad . 	A: I know I should study medicine instead	B: that is a lot of hard work . 	A: I know that's why I did not do it	B: that is good , what is your plans ? 
IEVAL-000936	A: I've been out of work, and my dads been helping me financially.	B: How long have you been working out for?	A: I work many hours a week. Do you have a job?	B: I do, how long have you been working out for?	A: 2 weeks. How long have you been working?	B: 10 years. How long have you been working out for?
IEVAL-000937	A: I've been out of work, and my dads been helping me financially.	B: that ' s so nice of them . i ' m glad they ' re doing that for you .	A: I want to be rich	B: i wish i could be rich too , but i don ' t think i ' ll ever be .	A: Why not?	B: i have a lot of money , but it ' s not enough to be able to afford it all .
IEVAL-000938	A: I've been out of work, and my dads been helping me financially.	B: That's great! Have you talked to him about it?	A: No, he is giving me lots of money to spoil me. What about your dad?	B: I'm so sorry to hear that. Have you talked to him about it?	A: No you are repetitive	B: Oh no, I'm so sorry to hear that. Have you talked to him about it?
IEVAL-000939	A: I've been out of work, and my dads been helping me financially.	B: that is a great thing to have . 	A: What do you mean?	B: i agree , i am sorry to hear that , i am not too . what do not you ? why ? 	A: You are not making sense	B: i agree , it is a good feeling 
IEVAL-000940	A: I felt so bad about cheating on my science exam, it was terrible	B: Oh no, why did you do that?	A: I was scared I would fail the exam	B: Did you study hard?	A: No, I was lazy. did you study hard?	B: Yes, I did! Good job!
IEVAL-000941	A: I felt so bad about cheating on my science exam, it was terrible	B: i ' m sorry to hear that . did you get a good grade ? did you do well ?	A: I did poorly_x000D_	B: i think i got a b on the test , but i did not get a c on the exam	A: That is not bad	B: yeah , i guess i ' ll just have to try harder next time , thanks for the help !
IEVAL-000942	A: I felt so bad about cheating on my science exam, it was terrible	B: Oh no, why did you do that?	A: I was scared I would fail	B: I am so sorry to hear that. I hope you feel better about it.	A: thank you. how did you do on the test?	B: I did fine, I am so sorry to hear that. I hope you feel better about it.
IEVAL-000943	A: I felt so bad about cheating on my science exam, it was terrible	B: i understand . i am sorry to hear that . i hope it is better for you . 	A: Thanks. How did you do on the test?	B: that is a great attitude . 	A: You are smart	B: i agree , it is a great feeling . 
IEVAL-000944	A: It's been a great night! I'm just relaxing with a cold drink and my favourite show!	B: What show is it?	A: A handmaid's tale	B: That sounds like a great show!	A: It is. It is scary but so good 	B: That sounds like a great show!
IEVAL-000945	A: It's been a great night! I'm just relaxing with a cold drink and my favourite show!	B: what ' s your favorite show ? i ' ve never seen it , but i ' d love to .	A: King of queens. I love it	B: i haven ' t seen that one yet . i ' ll have to check it out some time .	A: It's older but it is so funny. 	B: do you have any other shows you ' d like to check out while you ' re watching it ?
IEVAL-000946	A: It's been a great night! I'm just relaxing with a cold drink and my favourite show!	B: That's great! What show is it?	A: I'm watching an old movie about the Romanov family of Russia.	B: That sounds like a lot of fun! What show is it?	A: Nicholas and Alexandra	B: I haven't heard of it yet, I've never heard of it. I've never seen it before.
IEVAL-000947	A: It's been a great night! I'm just relaxing with a cold drink and my favourite show!	B: i have been there . what is the name of the book ? 	A: I'm watching a movie called Imitation of life	B: i am glad you got it 	A: Got what?	B: what kind of car was it ? 
IEVAL-000948	A: my husband opened the door and a huge wasp flew in! I hate insects. they are so nasty	B: yea i would be too	A: I wish they would just disappear.	B: i would be too	A: I need to get my husband to do something about this.	B: thats a good idea
IEVAL-000949	A: my husband opened the door and a huge wasp flew in! I hate insects. they are so nasty	B: oh no ! i ' m so sorry to hear that . i hate them too . they ' re so gross .	A: I Always have problems with them at this time of year	B: me too . i ' ve been trying to get rid of them , but i can ' t .	A: Really? What did you try?	B: i tried to get them out of the house , but it didn ' t work . it ' s so gross !
IEVAL-000950	A: my husband opened the door and a huge wasp flew in! I hate insects. they are so nasty	B: Oh no! I am so sorry to hear that.	A: I hate when this happens	B: Oh no, I'm so sorry to hear that. I am so sorry that happened to you.	A: That's ok I'll survive	B: Thank you. I am so sorry to hear that. Thank you for your kind words.
IEVAL-000951	A: my husband opened the door and a huge wasp flew in! I hate insects. they are so nasty	B: i am sorry to hear that . i know how it feels . 	A: Insects are gross i wish my husband was more careful.	B: that is a shame . what happened ? 	A: He doesn't pay attention when he does things.	B: that is a shame . i hope he has a good reason for him ! 
IEVAL-000952	A: I like going fishing, it reminds me of when I would go with my dad when I was a kid.	B: What kind of fishing is it?	A: fly fishing 	B: What kind of fishing is it?	A: deep sea fishing	B: Oh that sounds like a fun time. I love fishing.
IEVAL-000953	A: I like going fishing, it reminds me of when I would go with my dad when I was a kid.	B: that ' s cool . what kind of fish do you like to catch ? i ' ve never caught any .	A: I like salmon and trout.  	B: i have never been fishing , but i ' d love to try it one day . i ' m sure it ' s a lot of fun .	A: It is fun, just being in nature	B: i would love to be in nature . i think it would be so much fun to go out and fish .
IEVAL-000954	A: I like going fishing, it reminds me of when I would go with my dad when I was a kid.	B: What kind of fishing was it?	A: fly fishing in a freshwater river	B: I love fishing, I love fishing.	A: what kind of fish do you like to catch?	B: I love fishing, I love fishing.
IEVAL-000955	A: I like going fishing, it reminds me of when I would go with my dad when I was a kid.	B: that is a good feeling 	A: Have you ever gone fishing?_x000D_	B: i have always wanted to be alone to a lot of movies . 	A: That sounds like fun if you have a lot of popcorn	B: i love that 
IEVAL-000956	A: I spent all weekend alone, wish my family lived closer.	B: That's great. How long have you been together?	A: Um, I don't live near my family.  Haven't you been paying attention?_x000D_	B: That's a long time. It's always nice to have family.	A: Ok.  Whatever.  What advice do you have for someone who is lonely?_x000D_	B: That's exactly what I'm talking about.  It's always nice to have someone you can rely on.
IEVAL-000957	A: I spent all weekend alone, wish my family lived closer.	B: i ' m sorry to hear that . what did you do to make yourself feel better about it ?	A: I watched a lot of tv and drank beer	B: that sounds like a good plan . i hope you have a good rest of your weekend , though .	A: ok thanks	B: you ' re welcome . it ' s always good to have someone to talk to on the weekends .
IEVAL-000958	A: I spent all weekend alone, wish my family lived closer.	B: Why did you do that?	A: It wasn't by choice.  My family just lives far away from where I live. 	B: I'm sorry to hear that. Do you live far away from your family?	A: I just said that.  I live far away because of work. 	B: Do you live far away from your family?
IEVAL-000959	A: I spent all weekend alone, wish my family lived closer.	B: that is a shame . how old are you ? 	A: I am 33	B: oh wow that sounds so good ! 	A: It should be a fun age, right?	B: i am sure you will do it ! 
IEVAL-000960	A: I was digging through some old stuff I had and I found letters that my wife wrote me when we were still dating. They were so sweet.	B: What was the letter about?	A: How much we love each other	B: What was the letter about?	A: How much we care for each other	B: What was the letter about?
IEVAL-000961	A: I was digging through some old stuff I had and I found letters that my wife wrote me when we were still dating. They were so sweet.	B: that ' s really sweet of her . i ' m sure she ' s very happy for you .	A: She was great and still is	B: it ' s always nice to have a good relationship with someone you love . i wish you all the best .	A: Yea we had a great courtship	B: how long have you two been together ? i ' ve been single for a few years now , but i ' d like to get married someday .
IEVAL-000962	A: I was digging through some old stuff I had and I found letters that my wife wrote me when we were still dating. They were so sweet.	B: You must be so proud of her.	A: I am I love her so much	B: I am so proud of her. I am so happy for her.	A: me too she is a lovely person	B: I am so happy for her. I am so proud of her.
IEVAL-000963	A: I was digging through some old stuff I had and I found letters that my wife wrote me when we were still dating. They were so sweet.	B: that is a good idea . i hope it is not too bad 	A: not bad at all	B: oh that is not good . what did you do ? 	A: I felt good	B: that is good , i am sorry to hear that . what did you do 
IEVAL-000964	A: So my car wouldn't start today after work. I kind of hate my car!	B: What kind of car is it?	A: Ford I guess they re right Fords stink	B: That sounds like a fun car!	A: Might be if it actually ran	B: That sounds like a fun car!
IEVAL-000965	A: So my car wouldn't start today after work. I kind of hate my car!	B: oh no ! i ' m sorry to hear that . what kind of car are you talking about ?	A: A Ford _x000D_	B: what do you do for a living ? i ' ve never owned a ford , but i know a lot about them .	A: Grocer and do not ever buy a Ford	B: what ' s wrong with the ford grocer ? i don ' t know much about ford cars .
IEVAL-000966	A: So my car wouldn't start today after work. I kind of hate my car!	B: What kind of car is it?	A: Ford	B: It's a 1968 chevrolet.	A: No a Ford Ford	B: What kind of car is it?
IEVAL-000967	A: So my car wouldn't start today after work. I kind of hate my car!	B: that sounds so frustrating ! i hope you get it fixed ! 	A: i HAVE FIXED THE THING SEVERAL TIMES AND THE SAME PROBLEM I want a new car so bad	B: oh , that is awful . i am sorry . what did you have to do it for ? 	A: Replace yet another part I wish I could junk this car	B: that is really good . how long have you been married ? 
IEVAL-000968	A: I've already been shopping for christmas, I'm excited!	B: What kind of shopping is it?	A: I am shopping for clothes.	B: What kind of clothes are you looking for?	A: Something to wear at a Christmas party.	B: What kind of clothes are you looking for?
IEVAL-000969	A: I've already been shopping for christmas, I'm excited!	B: that ' s awesome ! what kind of shopping are you going to do ? what are you shopping for ?	A: I'm buying presents for my family. I can't decide what to get them.	B: that sounds like a lot of fun ! i hope you have a great christmas and i hope everything goes well !	A: When my shopping is done over the next few days I will be able to relax and enjoy the holidays!	B: that sounds great ! i wish you the best of luck with your shopping . i hope it goes well for you !
IEVAL-000970	A: I've already been shopping for christmas, I'm excited!	B: That sounds like a lot of fun! What are you going to do with it?	A: Wrap them up and give them to my family for Christmas.	B: That sounds like a lot of fun! I hope you have a great time!	A: Thank you!	B: Thank you! I hope you have a great time!
IEVAL-000971	A: I've already been shopping for christmas, I'm excited!	B: that sounds like fun 	A: It most definitely is.	B: why ? 	A: I love Christmas. I love my family.	B: i love my family , but i have a lot of fun . 
IEVAL-000972	A: I was planning to view the stars last night, but it was storming. It was supposed to be the brightest that Jupiter will be in a while.	B: That sounds like a lot of fun. Did you have a good time?	A: No. The storm ruined my night.	B: That sounds like a good time.	A: It wasn't. Aren't you paying attention?	B: No, but I'm glad it worked out for you.
IEVAL-000973	A: I was planning to view the stars last night, but it was storming. It was supposed to be the brightest that Jupiter will be in a while.	B: that ' s awesome ! i ' m sure you ' ll be able to see them in the near future .	A: I hope so. I'm praying for good weather.	B: good luck with that ! i hope you get to see the stars in the next few days . : )	A: Thank you. I'm keeping my fingers crossed!	B: i wish you the best of luck ! it ' s always nice to have a chance at seeing the stars .
IEVAL-000974	A: I was planning to view the stars last night, but it was storming. It was supposed to be the brightest that Jupiter will be in a while.	B: Oh wow, that sounds like a lot of fun!	A: It would have been if not for the storm.	B: I hope it was not too much of a storm. I hope it wasn't too bad.	A: Not too bad but it was bad enough to block the view of the stars.	B: I hope it was not too bad. I hope it wasn't too bad.
IEVAL-000975	A: I was planning to view the stars last night, but it was storming. It was supposed to be the brightest that Jupiter will be in a while.	B: oh no ! i am sorry to hear that . i hope you are okay . 	A: I'm ok. The storm wasn't too bad.	B: that sounds so sad . i am sorry . i am sorry for your loss , and it is just a few times , i am sure you are going to 	A: Thanks...	B: it is good to hear that . i am sorry to hear that . 
IEVAL-000976	A: I have a hard time having confidence in myself but when I got married and I had my hair and makeup done I felt like I was beautiful!  I had so much confidence in myself that day and it was great!	B: That's great! How long have you been married?	A: Just a few days now. The wedding was last week. 	B: How long have you been married?	A: 4 days	B: That's a long time.  That sounds like a lot of fun!
IEVAL-000977	A: I have a hard time having confidence in myself but when I got married and I had my hair and makeup done I felt like I was beautiful!  I had so much confidence in myself that day and it was great!	B: that ' s great ! i ' m happy for you . i ' ve been married for 10 years and it ' s always been a struggle for me .	A: That's a shame. It's only been 4 days so far for me and it's all been wonderful.	B: i hope it all works out for you ! i wish you the best of luck in the future .	A: Thanks! I hope things in your marriage improve.	B: thank you so much ! i really appreciate it . i hope you have a great day , too !
IEVAL-000978	A: I have a hard time having confidence in myself but when I got married and I had my hair and makeup done I felt like I was beautiful!  I had so much confidence in myself that day and it was great!	B: That's great! How long have you been married?	A: Just a few days so far. The wedding was last week.	B: How long have you been married?	A: 4 days. It doesn't feel real yet!	B: I am so happy for you!  I hope you have a great time!
IEVAL-000979	A: I have a hard time having confidence in myself but when I got married and I had my hair and makeup done I felt like I was beautiful!  I had so much confidence in myself that day and it was great!	B: that is awesome ! what is it for you ? 	A: It's one of the best feelings I've ever had, really.	B: i am sorry to hear that . what happened ? 	A: Nothing bad! It's all wonderful.	B: what is the reason ? 
IEVAL-000980	A: My friend passed away in a car crash a couple days ago, I'm still in shock.	B: Oh no, what happened?	A: I guess he fell asleep at the wheel or something. The doctors aren't really sure how it happened.	B: Oh no, what happened?	A: Well, he crashed. By the time the ambulance got there, he was already gone. Nothing anyone could do.	B: That's awful. Did you find out who did it?
IEVAL-000981	A: My friend passed away in a car crash a couple days ago, I'm still in shock.	B: oh no , i am so sorry to hear that . i hope you are able to cope with it .	A: Thanks. It's been a really difficult time for me. 	B: i am sure it has been difficult for you . do you have any other friends that you can talk to ?	A: I can talk to my wife but I know she gets tired of hearing about my problems all the time. She didn't know my friend.	B: that ' s too bad . maybe you should talk to your wife about it . maybe she will understand .
IEVAL-000982	A: My friend passed away in a car crash a couple days ago, I'm still in shock.	B: I am so sorry to hear that.	A: Thanks. I'm still trying to figure out what to do next, you know?	B: I am so sorry to hear that. I hope everything works out for you.	A: I mean, it isn't going to. My friend is going to stay dead. Sorry if that's mean but it's the truth.	B: Thank you for your kind words. I hope everything works out for you.
IEVAL-000983	A: My friend passed away in a car crash a couple days ago, I'm still in shock.	B: oh no , that is awful . i am sorry for your loss . 	A: Thanks for your concern. Just taking it one day at a time, you know? It's hard.	B: it is always good to hear that . 	A: I guess? I'm not in a good place with it yet. I'm still very upset.	B: that is a good thing . i hope you find a better for me . 
IEVAL-000984	A: My friend has had the flu, and I have been making sure they get better and that they eat.	B: What kind of flu is it?	A: Swine	B: Oh that's awful, I'm glad you're feeling better.	A: It's my friend, not me	B: That's good to hear. I'm glad you are feeling better.
IEVAL-000985	A: My friend has had the flu, and I have been making sure they get better and that they eat.	B: that ' s good to hear . i ' m glad they ' re getting better . i hope they feel better soon .	A: Any tips on how to help them feel better?_x000D_	B: what kind of food do you like to eat ? i ' ve been trying to make sure they don ' t get sick .	A: soup mainly_x000D_	B: do you have any other hobbies ? i like to go to the beach and enjoy nature .
IEVAL-000986	A: My friend has had the flu, and I have been making sure they get better and that they eat.	B: I am so sorry to hear that.  How long have they been sick?	A: For about a couple days now	B: I am so sorry to hear that. I hope they get better soon.	A: Yeah they're only getting worse though	B: I am so sorry to hear that.  I hope they get better.
IEVAL-000987	A: My friend has had the flu, and I have been making sure they get better and that they eat.	B: that is great ! what did you do ? 	A: I made them soup	B: i love the same . i am glad you got it back 	A: What do you mean?	B: i am sure you are not feeling . 
IEVAL-000988	A: Once I ate a raw oyster because my uncle offered me some and I contracted food poisoning. Things were coming out from both ends, so gross.	B: Oh no! What did you do?	A: I spit it out!	B: Oh my gosh! That sounds so gross!	A: I know, I don't think I'll eat it again	B: Oh my gosh! That sounds so gross!
IEVAL-000989	A: Once I ate a raw oyster because my uncle offered me some and I contracted food poisoning. Things were coming out from both ends, so gross.	B: oh no ! i ' m sorry to hear that . did you have to go to the hospital ?	A: No!	B: that ' s a bummer . i hope you ' re feeling better now . it ' s always good to be healthy .	A: I was ok	B: good to hear . i wish you the best of luck with the rest of your life . : )
IEVAL-000990	A: Once I ate a raw oyster because my uncle offered me some and I contracted food poisoning. Things were coming out from both ends, so gross.	B: I am so sorry to hear that. What did you eat?	A: oyster, I said	B: I am so sorry to hear that. What did you eat?	A: oyster!	B: I am so sorry to hear that. What did you eat?
IEVAL-000991	A: Once I ate a raw oyster because my uncle offered me some and I contracted food poisoning. Things were coming out from both ends, so gross.	B: that is so gross 	A: I know!	B: what are you doing to do ? 	A: Never eat it again!	B: i am sorry to hear that . 
IEVAL-000992	A: I went to the beach other day.. such an awesome feeling standing there	B: Where did you go?	A: Can you tell me which beach is in Virginia? 	B: I can tell you, it sounds like a beautiful beach.	A: Oh. Okay. Well, it was a beautiful beach!	B: Oh wow! That sounds like a beautiful beach!
IEVAL-000993	A: I went to the beach other day.. such an awesome feeling standing there	B: i love the beach . it ' s my favorite place to go . what did you do there ?	A: We swam for a bit.. it was a lot better in the sun.	B: that ' s great . i ' m glad you had a good time . do you live near the beach ?	A: I would love to.. it's always a long trip.	B: i can understand that . i live in a small town , so i don ' t get to go often .
IEVAL-000994	A: I went to the beach other day.. such an awesome feeling standing there	B: Where did you go?	A: I went to the ocean. It was a bright sunny day. My friends went with me.	B: That sounds like fun! Where did you go?	A: The ocean front. I can't recall the name of the beach.	B: Where did you go?
IEVAL-000995	A: I went to the beach other day.. such an awesome feeling standing there	B: oh wow , i have a good friend ! i hope you get it ! 	A: Yeah.. What do you mean?	B: that is a great attitude . 	A: We had all this sun! What's the worst that could happen?	B: oh that is a good feeling . i hope you find a good deal . 
IEVAL-000996	A: I was recently on a long international flight and we hit some really bad turbulence.	B: Oh no, what happened?	A: The flight attendants weren't able to do much for us, unfortunately.	B: Oh no, what happened?	A: You don't have to repeat yourself. We had turbulence on the flight and the attendants didn't help us.	B: That's awful. I'm glad you were okay.
IEVAL-000997	A: I was recently on a long international flight and we hit some really bad turbulence.	B: oh no , i ' m sorry to hear that . were you able to get back on the plane ?	A: The flight didn't stop after the turbulence.	B: that ' s a bummer . i hope you ' re feeling better now . it ' s always good to be prepared .	A: It's probably hard to forecast events like that.	B: i bet it is . hopefully you ' ll be able to make it back on your way back .
IEVAL-000998	A: I was recently on a long international flight and we hit some really bad turbulence.	B: I'm sorry to hear that. Did you get hurt?	A: Gladly I'm safe, but it was the scariest experience of my life.	B: Oh no, I'm so sorry to hear that. Did you get hurt?	A: No, I'm fine now, thankfully.	B: Oh no, I'm so sorry to hear that. I hope everything goes well for you.
IEVAL-000999	A: I was recently on a long international flight and we hit some really bad turbulence.	B: oh , that is a good feeling . i am sorry to hear that , how did it go ? 	A: It was TERRIBLE. I hated every minute of it.	B: i am sorry . i have had that happen . 	A: How on earth would you ever fly again?	B: that sounds like fun ! i have heard of that . 
IEVAL-001000	A: My wife has a big birthday coming up and I've got a great weekend all laid out for her.	B: That's great! You must be so proud of her.	A: I'm lucky to be with her. This is really the least I can do.	B: That's great! You must be so proud of her.	A: I'm appreciative and proud of everything she does all year, yes.	B: That's great. I'm happy for you.
IEVAL-001001	A: My wife has a big birthday coming up and I've got a great weekend all laid out for her.	B: that ' s great . i hope you guys have a great time . what are you going to do ?	A: I have dinner reservations in the next town over, so we'll have a great night away from the kids. Then, we're going to have a stroll by the waterfront.	B: that sounds like a lot of fun . i ' m glad you guys are having a good time .	A: I certainly hope so! I think she'll love it. The reservations are for the restaurant where I proposed, so it'll mean something to her.	B: i hope it goes well for you and your wife . it ' s always nice to have someone to talk to .
IEVAL-001002	A: My wife has a big birthday coming up and I've got a great weekend all laid out for her.	B: That's awesome! I hope you guys have a great time!	A: I hope so too! I've been planning this for quite a while.	B: That's great! I hope you guys have a great time!	A: I hope the planning doesn't fall flat. I think she'll enjoy it, but you never know!	B: I hope so too! I hope you guys have a great time!
IEVAL-001003	A: My wife has a big birthday coming up and I've got a great weekend all laid out for her.	B: that is awesome ! how old is your son ? 	A: My son is 3, but it's my wife's birthday we're celebrating.	B: that is awesome . what is the name ? 	A: Her name is Penelope, thank you for asking.	B: i love that . it is always nice to have someone to do that , i hope she does not care for you . 
IEVAL-001004	A: I was doing the dishes and a huge roach crawled out from underneath the dishwasher.	B: Wow, how did that make you feel?	A: Absolutely disgusted! I can't believe I'm living in a place like this. What poor life choices brought me here?!	B: That's great! I'm glad it worked out for you!	A: Not at all. Words cannot convey how much I'm absolutely done with this house.	B: That's great! I'm glad it worked out for you!
IEVAL-001005	A: I was doing the dishes and a huge roach crawled out from underneath the dishwasher.	B: oh no ! i ' m so sorry to hear that . did you have to clean it up ?	A: I crushed it pretty quickly, and grabbed it with a paper towel. It was absolutely GROSS!	B: that ' s so gross ! i hope you ' re able to get rid of it . i hate bugs .	A: Hopefully that's the only one... I can't stand to do that again.	B: i hope so too . i don ' t know what i ' d do if that happened to me .
IEVAL-001006	A: I was doing the dishes and a huge roach crawled out from underneath the dishwasher.	B: Oh no! What did you do?	A: Crushed it as quickly as I could, of course!	B: Oh no! I'm so sorry to hear that. What did you do?	A: Started looking for new places to live is what I did next... I pay too much in rent to live in a place like this!	B: Oh no! I'm so sorry to hear that. I am so sorry that happened to you.
IEVAL-001007	A: I was doing the dishes and a huge roach crawled out from underneath the dishwasher.	B: oh no , that sounds scary ! did you get it back ? 	A: Fortunately, I stepped on it and crushed it. I can't believe what landlords get away with! This is disgusting!	B: i am sorry . i am sorry to hear that , i hope they have a good time . 	A: I think I'm going to be looking for a new place soon... I can't bear to live like this.	B: what kind of business ? 
IEVAL-001008	A: My new job is starting tomorrow. I'm feeling nervous, but really optimistic about it.	B: What kind of job is it?	A: I am working as a wellness specialist at a major Hospital	B: That sounds like a great job! I'm sure you'll do great!	A: Thanks, I think it will be a great fit for me	B: That sounds like a great job! I'm sure you'll do great!
IEVAL-001009	A: My new job is starting tomorrow. I'm feeling nervous, but really optimistic about it.	B: i am sure you will do great ! what kind of job are you going to be working for ?	A: I am working at a hospital as a wellness specialist 	B: that sounds like a very rewarding job . i hope you do well ! i hope everything goes well for you !	A: Thanks, I think it is a great fit for me.	B: i am glad to hear it ! it sounds like it will be a great job to be in !
IEVAL-001010	A: My new job is starting tomorrow. I'm feeling nervous, but really optimistic about it.	B: What kind of job is it?	A: I am a wellness specilist at a major hospital!	B: What kind of job is it?	A: I said I am a wellness specialist at a hospital	B: I'm sorry to hear that. I hope it works out for you!
IEVAL-001011	A: My new job is starting tomorrow. I'm feeling nervous, but really optimistic about it.	B: i bet you will be fine ! what is your interview ? 	A: I am not interviewing, I am starting the job!	B: awesome ! that is a great attitude . what do you do ? 	A: I am a wellness specialist 	B: i am sorry to hear that ! what is the job ? 
IEVAL-001012	A: i feel really bad about cheating on my girlfriend with a mutual friend.. i can't even look her in the eye	B: Why do you feel bad about it?	A: Because it is morally wrong.	B: I don't know what you mean, but i feel bad about it.	A: So do I.  I am a terrible person.	B: I am sure you are, but at least you feel bad about it.
IEVAL-001013	A: i feel really bad about cheating on my girlfriend with a mutual friend.. i can't even look her in the eye	B: i ' m sorry to hear that . have you talked to her about it ? maybe she will understand .	A: I don't have the courage.  I am a coward.	B: that ' s too bad . maybe you should talk to your girlfriend about it . maybe she ' ll understand .	A: I doubt it. I feel like such a loser.	B: it ' s okay to feel that way . you ' ll get over it . it ' ll be okay .
IEVAL-001014	A: i feel really bad about cheating on my girlfriend with a mutual friend.. i can't even look her in the eye	B: Why do you feel bad about it?	A: Because I am a terrible friend.	B: Why do you feel bad about it?	A: Because it was morally wrong	B: Why do you feel bad about it?
IEVAL-001015	A: i feel really bad about cheating on my girlfriend with a mutual friend.. i can't even look her in the eye	B: that is a good way to do . what kind of cake did she help ? 	A: What are you talking about.  I am talking about cheating on my girlfriend. 	B: that is a good feeling . what do you think you are doing ? 	A: It is not a good feeling.  I feel terrible.	B: i am sorry to hear that , i know what you mean , it is always a big thing to do 
IEVAL-001016	A: I was listening to a throwback hits playlist and it brought back memories from the good ol' days.	B: What was the good ol' days?	A: The 1970's were the good ol' days for me.	B: What was the good ol' days?	A: These were nostalgic times from my youth, and when I first became interested in music.	B: That sounds like a good ol' days.
IEVAL-001017	A: I was listening to a throwback hits playlist and it brought back memories from the good ol' days.	B: that ' s awesome ! what kind of music did you listen to ? i ' m sure it was good .	A: I was into what's now known as "classic rock." Led Zeppelin and Deep Purple were two favorites.	B: i ' ve never heard of deep purple . i ' ll have to check them out . i love classic rock as well .	A: You've certainly heard "Smoke on the Water" - that was by Deep Purple.	B: yes , i have . it ' s one of my favorite songs from that album . it was released in 1996 .
IEVAL-001018	A: I was listening to a throwback hits playlist and it brought back memories from the good ol' days.	B: What was the good ol' days?	A: I liked 1970's music - especially rock bands like Deep Purple and Led Zeppelin.	B: What was the name of the band?	A: "Deep Purple" and "Led Zeppelin" were two of my favorites.	B: What was the name of the band?
IEVAL-001019	A: I was listening to a throwback hits playlist and it brought back memories from the good ol' days.	B: oh that is nice to hear ! i love the memories 	A: I remember stating my first band, and learning songs by Grand Funk Railroad.	B: that sounds like fun 	A: It was very fun for a bunch of 14-year-old boys.	B: that is a good feeling ! i hope you get the soon ! 
IEVAL-001020	A: I moved far away from my hometown for the first time so my wife could go to grad school.  It's hard to be away from my friends.	B: How far away are you from your hometown?	A: Several hundred miles.	B: How far away are you from your hometown?	A: Too far away to return for quite a while.	B: How far away are you from your hometown?
IEVAL-001021	A: I moved far away from my hometown for the first time so my wife could go to grad school.  It's hard to be away from my friends.	B: i ' m sorry to hear that . how long did it take for you to get back together ?	A: I am still separated from my friends presently.	B: that ' s a long time to be apart from your friends . i hope things get better for you .	A: Thank you - it's for a good reason, and I can communicate with my friends via phone, email, or social media	B: you ' re welcome . i wish you the best of luck in your future endeavors with your new friends .
IEVAL-001022	A: I moved far away from my hometown for the first time so my wife could go to grad school.  It's hard to be away from my friends.	B: I'm sorry to hear that. How far away are you from your family?	A: Several hundred miles, too far away to visit often.	B: I am very sorry to hear that.  I am so sorry to hear about your loss.	A: Thank you - it's not a permanent "loss," just an inconvenience	B: I am so sorry to hear that. I hope you are able to visit again soon.
IEVAL-001023	A: I moved far away from my hometown for the first time so my wife could go to grad school.  It's hard to be away from my friends.	B: that is a good thing to be able to have a few times . 	A: I'm feeling lonely in this new town	B: that is a good way to be alone in life . 	A: It is for a good cause, if that's what you mean	B: i agree . i am sorry to hear that . what is the issue 
IEVAL-001024	A: i have food on my table, a roof over my head and clothes to wear. I'm happy and thankful	B: That's great! What kind of food is it?	A: I have a hamburger and fries! It’s delicious.	B: That sounds delicious! I'm glad you're enjoying it!	A: Thanks! How are you feeling today?	B: Pretty good! I'm glad you're enjoying it!
IEVAL-001025	A: i have food on my table, a roof over my head and clothes to wear. I'm happy and thankful	B: that ' s nice . what kind of food do you have on your table ? i ' ve never had food on a table before .	A: I’m sorry to hear that. I have a hamburger and fries.	B: that sounds good . i like burgers and fries too , but i don ' t eat them often .	A: Why’s that?	B: i just like the taste and texture of them . i think it ' s just because i like them so much .
IEVAL-001026	A: i have food on my table, a roof over my head and clothes to wear. I'm happy and thankful	B: That's great! What kind of food is it?	A: Hamburger and fries! It’s so good	B: I am so happy for you! I hope you have a great time!	A: Thank you so much. I hope you have a great time too!	B: Thank you! I hope you have a great time!
IEVAL-001027	A: i have food on my table, a roof over my head and clothes to wear. I'm happy and thankful	B: i love to hear that ! i hope you get the food ! 	A: Oh I already have it! Thanks!	B: that is a good thing to do ! i hope you have a great attitude 	A: Thanks. I think I do.	B: that is great ! you are a great parent ! 
IEVAL-001028	A: I have a dog that lives near us and his owner never picks up his poop. That is disgusting! What can you do about about it?	B: What kind of dog is it?	A: It’s a lab	B: Oh wow, that sounds like a really good dog! What kind of dog is it?	A: It’s a lab.	B: That sounds like a really good dog!
IEVAL-001029	A: I have a dog that lives near us and his owner never picks up his poop. That is disgusting! What can you do about about it?	B: i don ' t know . i ' m not sure what i can do . it ' s so gross .	A: I think so too. That’s why I want to solve it.	B: that ' s a good idea . i hope it doesn ' t happen to your dog too often .	A: I hope I can solve my problem.	B: i hope you can too . i wish you the best of luck in your search for a solution .
IEVAL-001030	A: I have a dog that lives near us and his owner never picks up his poop. That is disgusting! What can you do about about it?	B: I can't do anything about it. I don't know what to do with it.	A: I don’t either. I hate that I have this problem 	B: I'm sorry to hear that. Have you talked to him about it?	A: I haven’t. Maybe I should.	B: I'm sorry to hear that. Have you talked to him about it?
IEVAL-001031	A: I have a dog that lives near us and his owner never picks up his poop. That is disgusting! What can you do about about it?	B: oh no , that is a shame ! i would be mad if he was not a dog to him . i hope you do that . 	A: What do you think I should do?	B: that is good . what are you doing ? 	A: I’m thinking about my neighbor’s dog.	B: oh no , i have had that happen to my dog . 
IEVAL-001032	A: One of my friends managed to pay off their first house at the age of 25. Isn't it amazing!?	B: What did they do?	A: They paid off their mortgage. Just like I said in my earlier message.	B: Oh wow! That must have been so hard to deal with.	A: Yes indeed. They showed good discipline.	B: That sounds like a lot of work to me. I'm glad it worked out for you.
IEVAL-001033	A: One of my friends managed to pay off their first house at the age of 25. Isn't it amazing!?	B: wow ! that ' s amazing ! how did you manage to pay it off in such a short amount of time ?	A: Well it was my friend, not me that paid it off	B: oh , i see . well , i ' m happy for you ! it ' s always good to have friends you can rely on .	A: Yes, it is nice to have friends.	B: do you have any other friends that you ' d like to talk to about your friend ' s success ?
IEVAL-001034	A: One of my friends managed to pay off their first house at the age of 25. Isn't it amazing!?	B: I am so happy for you!	A: Thanks, but wouldn't you be more happy for my friend?_x000D_	B: Yes, I am very happy for him. I am so happy for him!	A: I am too. It's amazing that he was able to pay off his mortgage._x000D_	B: I am so happy for you! I hope you have a great time!
IEVAL-001035	A: One of my friends managed to pay off their first house at the age of 25. Isn't it amazing!?	B: i love to hear that . how long have you been married ? 	A: 15 years	B: wow ! that is so nice ! i bet you feel proud . 	A: Yes, it's nice to be married	B: that sounds great ! i have a lot of money ! 
IEVAL-001036	A: I was out walking by the lake over the weekend and there shore was just covered in dead rotting fish.	B: Oh no! Are you ok?	A: Yes, I'm okay. It was just weird to see so many dead fish	B: I bet that was scary.	A: Yes, I would definitely not want to encounter that experience again.	B: That sounds like a scary experience. I'm glad you are ok.
IEVAL-001037	A: I was out walking by the lake over the weekend and there shore was just covered in dead rotting fish.	B: oh no ! that ' s so gross ! did you report it to the police or the city ?	A: No, I kept walking and returned to the beach house.	B: i ' m sorry you had to go through that . i hope you didn ' t get sick .	A: Thankfully I'm not sick as of today. I hope that doesn't change.	B: i hope so too ! it ' s always good to be prepared for things like that . hopefully you feel better soon .
IEVAL-001038	A: I was out walking by the lake over the weekend and there shore was just covered in dead rotting fish.	B: Oh no!  I am so sorry to hear that.  What did you do?	A: I kept walking and went back to my home.	B: I'm so sorry to hear that.  I am so sorry that happened to you.	A: Thanks. It wasn't too bad, just the smell really.	B: I am so sorry to hear that.  I hope it wasn't too bad.
IEVAL-001039	A: I was out walking by the lake over the weekend and there shore was just covered in dead rotting fish.	B: i would have been a lot of times . 	A: I'm not sure I understand what you're saying.	B: i am glad for you . what is your favorite part about it ? 	A: You're not making any sense.	B: i am sorry to hear that . what is the name ? 
IEVAL-001040	A: I adore my girlfriend. I am getting very serious about not leaving her side.	B: That's great. How long have you been together?	A: it's only been three months, but they have been the greatest three months of my life	B: That's a long time. How long have you been together?	A: Three months, if things continue to go well, I could see myself asking her to marry me someday	B: That's a long time. How long have you been together?
IEVAL-001041	A: I adore my girlfriend. I am getting very serious about not leaving her side.	B: i ' m sorry to hear that . do you think you ' ll be able to work things out ?	A: No I mean she is the greatest, I can actually see myself asking her to marry me someday.	B: that ' s great to hear . i wish you the best of luck in your future endeavors .	A: Thanks.  Even though we have only been dating for three months, I want to take it slow and see how things go.	B: don ' t worry about it too much . it ' ll all work out in the end . : )
IEVAL-001042	A: I adore my girlfriend. I am getting very serious about not leaving her side.	B: Why is that?	A: She has been great in just about every regard.  She may be the one for me.	B: I'm sorry to hear that. Have you talked to her about it?	A: There is nothing to be sorry about, actually she is great.	B: I am so sorry to hear that.  I hope everything works out for you.
IEVAL-001043	A: I adore my girlfriend. I am getting very serious about not leaving her side.	B: why did you do that ? 	A: Because she has been great!  Even though we have only been seeing each other for three months, I want to take things slow.	B: that is great ! i am sorry . 	A: I could see myself asking her to marry me someday.	B: that is great . i hope she does not have a good time for me ! 
IEVAL-001044	A: The other night i heard a sound like someone was breaking in my house, i was pretty scared.	B: Did you call the police?	A: No, I went downstairs only to find out my cat had knocked over a lamp!	B: That sounds like a scary story.	A: At first it was, but then it was funny!	B: That sounds like a scary story.
IEVAL-001045	A: The other night i heard a sound like someone was breaking in my house, i was pretty scared.	B: that ' s scary ! did you find out who it was or did you think it was someone ?	A: It was actually my cat that had knocked over a lamp lol	B: oh no ! i ' m sorry to hear that . i hope it wasn ' t your cat .	A: Actually it was my cat who was the culprit	B: oh my gosh ! that would be so scary ! i hope you ' re able to get it fixed .
IEVAL-001046	A: The other night i heard a sound like someone was breaking in my house, i was pretty scared.	B: what was it?	A: I went downstairs only to find out that my cat had knocked over a lamp!	B: Oh no! I am so sorry to hear that. Did you find out who it was?	A: it was my cat, it wasn't a burglar	B: I am so sorry to hear that. I hope you find out who it was.
IEVAL-001047	A: The other night i heard a sound like someone was breaking in my house, i was pretty scared.	B: i hope that is a scary situation . i am sorry . 	A: Turns out it was my cat knocking over a lamp!	B: that is a little dog ! i would be so upset . what did you do ? 	A: it was a cat, not a dog	B: i hope he was able to get the dogs 
IEVAL-001048	A: I am as happy as a clam right now. My neighbors are away for the weekend!	B: Where are you going?	A: I'm staying home in the peace and quiet of my apartment!	B: That sounds like a lot of fun!	A: I'm going to get a great night's sleep since I don't have to hear their gaming antics.	B: That sounds like a lot of fun!
IEVAL-001049	A: I am as happy as a clam right now. My neighbors are away for the weekend!	B: that ' s great ! i ' m happy for you . what do you do for a living ?	A: I'm a writer, that's why I like it quiet in my apartment.	B: that sounds like a lot of fun . i wish i had more time to write . what kind of writing do you write ?	A: Historical fiction, mostly.	B: that sounds interesting . i ' d like to learn more about it . what ' s your favorite genre ?
IEVAL-001050	A: I am as happy as a clam right now. My neighbors are away for the weekend!	B: That sounds like a lot of fun! What are you going to do?	A: Watch a movie and get caught up on some reading.	B: That sounds like a great idea! I hope you have a great time!	A: I am so looking forward to peace and quiet.	B: Thank you! I hope you have a great time!
IEVAL-001051	A: I am as happy as a clam right now. My neighbors are away for the weekend!	B: that is a good thing to have to do that . 	A: Yes, I enjoy my peace and quiet.	B: that is great . what is the name ? 	A: The name of what?	B: what was it for ? ? 
IEVAL-001052	A: My friend has been sick a lot recently and I am worried about her.	B: What's wrong with her?	A: I don't really know for sure.	B: What's wrong with her?	A: what's wrong with you?	B: What's wrong with her?
IEVAL-001053	A: My friend has been sick a lot recently and I am worried about her.	B: oh no , i ' m so sorry to hear that . i hope she ' s feeling better soon .	A: Thanks, I'm really worried.	B: i know how you feel . i ' ve been in that situation before . it ' s hard .	A: I think I'll make her some soup.	B: that ' s so nice of you . i wish you all the best in your friend ' s future .
IEVAL-001054	A: My friend has been sick a lot recently and I am worried about her.	B: I'm sorry to hear that. Have you talked to her about it?	A: No, I feel bad bringing it up.	B: I'm sorry to hear that. Have you talked to her about it?	A: I just told you no	B: No, I am so sorry to hear that. I hope everything works out for her.
IEVAL-001055	A: My friend has been sick a lot recently and I am worried about her.	B: that sucks . i am sorry . i hope you get it soon ! 	A: Get what, her illness?	B: i am so sorry for your loss 	A: She's not dead yet.	B: i am sorry to hear that . how is she doing that ? 
IEVAL-001056	A: I've got all of my bags packed, passport ready, and i'm not even leaving for vacation until next week.	B: Where are you going?	A: I'm going to Hawaii!	B: Hawaii? Where are you going?	A: We're starting in Maui, but going to travel to different islands when we get there	B: Where are you going?
IEVAL-001057	A: I've got all of my bags packed, passport ready, and i'm not even leaving for vacation until next week.	B: that sounds like a lot of fun . what are you going to do with all of your bags ?	A: Well, I plan to put them on the plane for my vacation.	B: that ' s a great idea . i hope you have a great time on your vacation and enjoy your vacation !	A: Thank you!	B: you ' re welcome . i wish you the best of luck with your trip . have a good one !
IEVAL-001058	A: I've got all of my bags packed, passport ready, and i'm not even leaving for vacation until next week.	B: Where are you going?	A: Hawaii. I'm so excited	B: Where are you going?	A: I told you before, I'm going to Hawaii.	B: That's awesome! Where are you going?
IEVAL-001059	A: I've got all of my bags packed, passport ready, and i'm not even leaving for vacation until next week.	B: i hope you have a good time ! 	A: Thank you very much. I'm so excited	B: i hope you are happy ! 	A: I am very happy right now. Thanks again	B: that is a good feeling ! you should get a great attitude 
IEVAL-001060	A: It is so difficult to have a pet pass away, I really miss him.	B: What kind of pet is it?	A: it was a dog	B: Awww, what kind of pet is it?	A: it was a dog	B: Awww, that is so exciting!
IEVAL-001061	A: It is so difficult to have a pet pass away, I really miss him.	B: i ' m sorry to hear that . do you have any other pets that you can take care of ?	A: No, it was just the one. Which is why I miss him so much.	B: i know how you feel . i lost my dog a few years ago . it ' s hard .	A: How did you deal with it?	B: i took him to the vet and put him to sleep . it was hard , but it was worth it .
IEVAL-001062	A: It is so difficult to have a pet pass away, I really miss him.	B: What kind of pet is it?	A: It was a dog	B: Aww, I'm sorry to hear that. What kind of pet is it?	A: It was a dog. YOu don't seem to listen.	B: Aww, I'm sorry to hear that. What kind of pet is it?
IEVAL-001063	A: It is so difficult to have a pet pass away, I really miss him.	B: that is a good thing to be able to get a pet is not good . 	A: What? That doesn't make sense and is insulting	B: i know that is not too bad . i do not know why that is a good thing to deal with that 	A: That's terrible.	B: oh no , why is that ? 
IEVAL-001064	A: I bought a new tv. The colors are so vibrant and it is so sharp!	B: What color is it?	A: It is silver	B: What color is it?	A: I already said it was silver_x000D_	B: What color is it?
IEVAL-001065	A: I bought a new tv. The colors are so vibrant and it is so sharp!	B: that ' s awesome ! what kind of tv is it ? i ' m looking for a new one myself .	A: It is a 60" Sony flatscreen HD	B: nice ! i ' ve never seen one of those before . i ' ll have to check it out .	A: You should I got it for a good deal at Walmart	B: i don ' t have a walmart near me , but i will look into it . thanks for the tip !
IEVAL-001066	A: I bought a new tv. The colors are so vibrant and it is so sharp!	B: What kind of tv is it?	A: It is a 60" Sony flat screen	B: Wow, I've never heard of it. Do you like it?	A: I love it.  One of the best purchases I have made all year. 	B: I love it, I am so happy for you! I hope you have a great time!
IEVAL-001067	A: I bought a new tv. The colors are so vibrant and it is so sharp!	B: i have never been there . i am glad you got it . 	A: You have never been where?_x000D_	B: that is a good feeling 	A: I am confused	B: why ? 
IEVAL-001068	A: I hate watching movies that are full of gore! I just saw one today and so gross!	B: What movie did you see?	A: I don't know the name	B: What movie was it?	A: I don't know	B: What movie was it?
IEVAL-001069	A: I hate watching movies that are full of gore! I just saw one today and so gross!	B: i know what you mean . i don ' t think i ' ve ever seen a movie like that .	A: I wish there was something that told you it was sensitive content before viewing.	B: that ' s a good idea . i ' m not sure i ' d want to watch it .	A: I didn't want to watch it and flipped the channel quickly	B: i would have done the same . it ' s hard to watch something like that in a theater .
IEVAL-001070	A: I hate watching movies that are full of gore! I just saw one today and so gross!	B: What movie did you watch?	A: I didn't watch it and don't know the name.  I just saw it while flipping through channels._x000D_	B: What movie did you watch?	A: I don't know the name, but wish I did.	B: What movie did you watch?
IEVAL-001071	A: I hate watching movies that are full of gore! I just saw one today and so gross!	B: i am glad you are okay 	A: I am fine, but it was gross	B: i am sorry to hear that . i hope you get a good luck 	A: Get a what?	B: why is that ? 
IEVAL-001072	A: I just had a delicious breakfast and now I'm casually relaxing in my room. Life is good!	B: That's great! What kind of breakfast did you have?	A: Bacon and cheese omlet and Toast. I love omelets 	B: That sounds delicious! I'm glad you enjoyed it!	A: Thank you, I am ready for a nap now since I'm in such a happy mood	B: That sounds delicious! I'm glad you enjoyed it!
IEVAL-001073	A: I just had a delicious breakfast and now I'm casually relaxing in my room. Life is good!	B: that ' s great ! what kind of breakfast did you have ? i ' ve never had a good breakfast .	A: I had belgian waffles and bacon. One of my indulgences.	B: that sounds delicious ! i ' ll have to try that next time i get a chance to eat breakfast .	A: Definitely should try it. Get fruit on the waffles if you can	B: that sounds like a good idea . i think i will try that . thanks for the tip ! have a great day !
IEVAL-001074	A: I just had a delicious breakfast and now I'm casually relaxing in my room. Life is good!	B: That's great! What kind of breakfast is it?	A: Belgian waffle with fruit and some bacon. 	B: It sounds delicious! I am so happy for you! I hope you have a great time!	A: Thank you, I want to take a walk later after my nap	B: That's a good idea! I hope you have a great time!
IEVAL-001075	A: I just had a delicious breakfast and now I'm casually relaxing in my room. Life is good!	B: that is good to hear ! i love the beach , i am sure you have some great ! 	A: I did not go to the beach. I had breakfast	B: i love it when i was younger . did you ever get the person ? 	A: You have no clue what breakfast is?	B: what do you do ? 
IEVAL-001076	A: I had to replace my toilet the other day. It was a new experience, and not altogether pleasant.	B: What kind of experience was it?	A: Home repairs. I am not very experienced with them. 	B: What kind of work did you do?	A: I replaced a toilet in my bathroom. It was messy work	B: That sounds like a lot of work. I'm glad it worked out for you.
IEVAL-001077	A: I had to replace my toilet the other day. It was a new experience, and not altogether pleasant.	B: oh no , i ' m sorry to hear that . i hope it wasn ' t too bad .	A: It was really bad, it took all day since I'm not really experience in replacing things in my home.	B: that ' s a bummer . maybe you ' ll be able to get a new one soon .	A: I got a new one. I just had to replace the old one with the new one.	B: oh , i see . well , it ' s good that you ' re able to do that .
IEVAL-001078	A: I had to replace my toilet the other day. It was a new experience, and not altogether pleasant.	B: Oh no! I'm so sorry to hear that. How did it go?	A: Really bad, It was time consuming and messy. I didn't think it would be as hard as it was._x000D_	B: I'm so sorry to hear that. I hope you had a good time.	A: No I did not. Repairing things is a chore, not something fun to do.	B: I'm so sorry to hear that. I hope you had a good time.
IEVAL-001079	A: I had to replace my toilet the other day. It was a new experience, and not altogether pleasant.	B: that is a good idea . i bet your dad would n't want to be in the world 	A: What are you talking about? This toilet repair has nothing to do with my dad and that's insulting.	B: that is a shame . i hope you find a new one . 	A: I have a new one, I just replaced it.	B: that is a shame . how long have you been there for ? 
IEVAL-001080	A: I went to do karaoke with a guy i'm dating and I discovered he's a really talented singer	B: What kind of singer?	A: He mostly sings pop music type songs._x000D_	B: That's cool. What kind of song is it?	A: It was a song by one of my favorite K-Pop groups.	B: That sounds like a great song.
IEVAL-001081	A: I went to do karaoke with a guy i'm dating and I discovered he's a really talented singer	B: that ' s awesome ! what kind of music do you like to sing ? i like pop music .	A: K-pop is definitely my favorite, but I like all kinds of pop music!	B: i love kpop as well . i ' ve been listening to it since i was a kid .	A: Isn't it so good? It always puts me in a great mood if I am feeling down._x000D_	B: have you ever been to a kpop concert ? it ' s always fun to see how they perform .
IEVAL-001082	A: I went to do karaoke with a guy i'm dating and I discovered he's a really talented singer	B: That's great! What kind of music do you like?	A: K-pop is my favorite genre.	B: I like karaoke, I love karaoke.	A: Do you ever do karaoke yourself?	B: Yeah, I love karaoke. I like karaoke too.
IEVAL-001083	A: I went to do karaoke with a guy i'm dating and I discovered he's a really talented singer	B: that is a good thing ! i bet he did not have a good relationship . 	A: I don't know about that...I don't think his last relationship ended on bad terms.	B: i am sorry to hear that ! i hope he does not get any more than i am so sorry . 	A: I don't understand what you mean.	B: i am sorry to hear that . i am sorry to hear that . 
IEVAL-001084	A: I did something really foolish at the grocery store yesterday.	B: What did you do?	A: I broke a jar of pasta sauce. I went and found a manager to make sure the mess got cleaned up ASAP so that no one slipped in it.	B: Oh no! What did you do?	A: I quickly paid for my groceries and got out of there.	B: That's great! I'm glad you were able to clean it up.
IEVAL-001085	A: I did something really foolish at the grocery store yesterday.	B: what did you do ? i ' ve never done anything like that before . what was it about ?	A: It was an accident. I fumbled a can of pasta sauce while I was getting it off the shelf and I ended up dropping it. :(	B: oh no ! i ' m sorry to hear that . i hope you ' re able to get it back .	A: No...it shattered so it was completely ruined.	B: that ' s too bad . i ' d be so mad at myself if that happened to me .
IEVAL-001086	A: I did something really foolish at the grocery store yesterday.	B: What did you do?	A: I was at the grocery store and I accidentally dropped a jar of spaghetti sauce. It shattered and sauce went everywhere.	B: Oh no! I am so sorry to hear that. What did you do?	A: I felt so embarrassed and mortified. I went to find an employee to clean up, and then I left the store as soon as I could.	B: Oh no! I am so sorry to hear that. I hope you had a good time.
IEVAL-001087	A: I did something really foolish at the grocery store yesterday.	B: i hope you get the money back ! 	A: I made a mess because I broke a jar of pasta sauce.  If anything, I should have had to pay them.	B: oh no ! that is a bummer . did you get the person ? 	A: What? Who are you talking about?	B: i am sorry to hear that . what do you mean ? 
IEVAL-001088	A: i really am thankful for everything that i have and had	B: Why is that?	A: Because people are so wonderful when I need help.	B: What do you need help for?	A: Everyday tasks, I need help with the simplest things. Somebody is always willing to help.	B: That is very nice of you.
IEVAL-001089	A: i really am thankful for everything that i have and had	B: that ' s great to hear . i ' m happy for you . what do you do for fun ?	A: I like to enjoy spending time with people that have helped me.	B: that sounds like a great way to spend your time . what kind of things do you like to do ?	A: Mostly just talk about each other's problems, I try to help because they have been good to me.	B: that sounds great . do you have any other hobbies that you enjoy doing besides helping each other ?
IEVAL-001090	A: i really am thankful for everything that i have and had	B: That's good to hear. What are you grateful for?	A: I needed help getting up in the morning, luckily somebody helped	B: That's really nice of them.	A: It was very nice, I hope to pay them back sometime	B: That's really nice of them. I hope you get them back.
IEVAL-001091	A: i really am thankful for everything that i have and had	B: i am glad you are ok ! 	A: So many people have helped me, I'm so thankful.	B: that is a great feeling . 	A: It is a great feeling, I hope that everybody can feel the same way sometime.	B: i am sorry to hear that . i hope you get it . 
IEVAL-001092	A: My roommate got a new cat last week, and we finally let them meet today. I was so nervous and worried about it.	B: What kind of cat was it?	A: It's a rescue cat, I hope I treated it well.	B: That sounds like a really good cat.	A: I hope so. Nervous about the future that I don't make a mistake when taking care of it.	B: That sounds like a really good cat.
IEVAL-001093	A: My roommate got a new cat last week, and we finally let them meet today. I was so nervous and worried about it.	B: oh no ! i ' m so sorry to hear that . i hope everything went well for you .	A: I'm still scared, I'm afraid of interacting with the cat.	B: don ' t be so hard on yourself . you ' ll be fine . it ' s just a cat .	A: I know, but cats are special to some people. I don't want to upset anybody for doing the wrong thing.	B: that ' s a good attitude to have . i wish you the best of luck with your new cat .
IEVAL-001094	A: My roommate got a new cat last week, and we finally let them meet today. I was so nervous and worried about it.	B: What kind of cat is it?	A: It's a rescue, nervous about giving it a good home.	B: What kind of cat is it?	A: It's a black and white cat, hope nobody mistakes it for a skunk.	B: I have never had a cat like that in my life. I don't know what kind of cat is it?
IEVAL-001095	A: My roommate got a new cat last week, and we finally let them meet today. I was so nervous and worried about it.	B: oh , i hope you have a pet any other pets and get it ! 	A: I'm not sure about another pet, have to take care of the cat 1st.	B: oh , i am sorry to hear that . i am sorry . i have had to deal with that . i have been there . i have a dog for 	A: I would be worried about a dog and the cat getting along.	B: oh my gosh , i hope you get the dog ! 
IEVAL-001096	A: My car broke down yesterday but luckily my friend was able to pick me up from work while it was in the shop. I think I'm going to take him to a nice restaurant to say thanks.	B: That sounds like a good idea.	A: Yeah, do you have any suggestions for which restaurant we could go t?	B: That sounds like a good idea.	A: Which restaurant?	B: That sounds like a good idea. It sounds like a nice restaurant.
IEVAL-001097	A: My car broke down yesterday but luckily my friend was able to pick me up from work while it was in the shop. I think I'm going to take him to a nice restaurant to say thanks.	B: that sounds like a good idea . what kind of restaurant did you go to to pick you up ?	A: That doesn't make sense.	B: sorry about that . i meant to say you should go to a restaurant to pick up your friend .	A: That also doesn't make sense.	B: that ' s okay . i was just trying to help you out . i hope you have a great day !
IEVAL-001098	A: My car broke down yesterday but luckily my friend was able to pick me up from work while it was in the shop. I think I'm going to take him to a nice restaurant to say thanks.	B: What kind of restaurant was it?	A: It hasn't occurred yet, but I'm thinking Mexican.	B: I'm sorry to hear that. What kind of restaurant was it?	A: Mexican.	B: It's a Mexican restaurant. I've never heard of it.
IEVAL-001099	A: My car broke down yesterday but luckily my friend was able to pick me up from work while it was in the shop. I think I'm going to take him to a nice restaurant to say thanks.	B: i am glad you have a good relationship . 	A: Yeah, he's a good friend.	B: i love that too ! what did you do for him ? 	A: Invited him to Jalisco's, a Mexican restaurant.	B: oh , what did you get to ? 
IEVAL-001100	A: One of my best friends is moving far away and i dont know when i will be able to see him again	B: How far away is he?	A: A thousand miles.	B: Wow, that is pretty far away.	A: Yes, we won't be able to visit any more.	B: That sounds like a lot of fun. I am sure you will be able to see him soon.
IEVAL-001101	A: One of my best friends is moving far away and i dont know when i will be able to see him again	B: i ' m sorry to hear that . how long has it been since you ' ve seen him ?	A: A couple of years.	B: that ' s a long time . i hope you can find a way to get to know each other .	A: We know each other pretty well. But we're drifting apart.	B: it ' s good that you have a good relationship with your best friend . i wish you the best of luck .
IEVAL-001102	A: One of my best friends is moving far away and i dont know when i will be able to see him again	B: How far away is he?	A: Across the nation.	B: How far away is he?	A: Thousands of miles.	B: I am so sorry to hear that. How far away is he?
IEVAL-001103	A: One of my best friends is moving far away and i dont know when i will be able to see him again	B: that is good to hear . what do you do ? 	A: I am a programmer.	B: that is awesome , i am sure you will do it 	A: Do what?	B: what do you do ? 
IEVAL-001104	A: We hadn't been to the beach for years and really wanting to go back for vacation. We were able to a few weeks ago and it was awesome. I was thrilled!	B: Where did you go?	A: I went to the beach for a vacation.	B: That sounds like a great time!	A: It was really fun. I hope to go back soon.	B: That sounds like a great time!
IEVAL-001105	A: We hadn't been to the beach for years and really wanting to go back for vacation. We were able to a few weeks ago and it was awesome. I was thrilled!	B: that ' s awesome ! i ' ve never been to a beach , but i ' d love to go one day .	A: It is really fun to go visit for a vacation. I hope you can go.	B: thank you ! i hope so too . i ' m sure you ' ll have a great time .	A: I enjoyed the trip. I hope I can go again soon.	B: me too ! it ' s always nice to have a chance to go somewhere you ' ve always wanted to go .
IEVAL-001106	A: We hadn't been to the beach for years and really wanting to go back for vacation. We were able to a few weeks ago and it was awesome. I was thrilled!	B: That sounds like a lot of fun! Where are you going?	A: I went to the beach a few weeks ago.	B: I haven't been to the beach for a long time. I am so happy for you!	A: Thanks. I hope you can go soon. It is really fun.	B: I hope so too! I hope you have a great time!
IEVAL-001107	A: We hadn't been to the beach for years and really wanting to go back for vacation. We were able to a few weeks ago and it was awesome. I was thrilled!	B: nice , what is the trip ? 	A: We went to the beach a few weeks ago.	B: that is awesome ! did you get any fun ? 	A: It was fun and exciting.	B: that is awesome ! what did you have to do ? 
IEVAL-001108	A: I bit into an apple and found a worm. It was so gross.	B: What kind of apple was it?	A: It was a red apple._x000D_	B: What kind of apple was it?	A: A red one._x000D_	B: That sounds like a lot of apple.
IEVAL-001109	A: I bit into an apple and found a worm. It was so gross.	B: oh no ! i ' m so sorry to hear that . did you find out who it was ?	A: It was actually an apple that had a worm in it. It didn't affect anybody else, but me.	B: that ' s good to hear . i hope you don ' t have to deal with that again .	A: No, it was actually disgusting and I hope I don't have to go through it again.	B: i can ' t imagine what it would be like to have that happen to you ! i hope it ' s not too bad for you .
IEVAL-001110	A: I bit into an apple and found a worm. It was so gross.	B: Oh no, what did you do?	A: I threw the apple out.	B: Oh no, I'm so sorry to hear that. I am so sorry.	A: Thank you. It was disgusting see the worm.	B: I'm so sorry to hear that. I am so sorry that happened to you.
IEVAL-001111	A: I bit into an apple and found a worm. It was so gross.	B: oh no ! i hope you get a little bit ! 	A: Actually, the worm came out of the apple and I had to throw it out.	B: i hate when that happens . 	A: It was disgusting to see.	B: oh , that is terrible . did you have a bad happen ? 
IEVAL-001112	A: I am taking a vacation to Orange Beach, Alabama in a week! My wife and I visited the area about two years ago, and we loved it!	B: That's awesome! Where are you going?	A: I'll be going to Orange Beach in Alabama	B: That's awesome! Where are you going?	A: Orange Beach, Alabama	B: That sounds like a lot of fun! I've never been there before!
IEVAL-001113	A: I am taking a vacation to Orange Beach, Alabama in a week! My wife and I visited the area about two years ago, and we loved it!	B: that ' s awesome ! i ' ve never been there , but i hear it ' s beautiful .	A: Oh it is for sure. I'm stoked to be going there again. 	B: i bet you ' ll have a great time . i hope you have a good time . : )	A: Thanks so much! You should keep it mind!	B: i ' ll keep that in mind . thank you for the tip . i wish you the best of luck .
IEVAL-001114	A: I am taking a vacation to Orange Beach, Alabama in a week! My wife and I visited the area about two years ago, and we loved it!	B: That sounds like a lot of fun! Where are you going?	A: I'm going to Orange Beach in Alabama	B: That sounds like a lot of fun! Where are you going?	A: To Alabama and going to Orange Beach	B: That sounds like a lot of fun! Where are you going?
IEVAL-001115	A: I am taking a vacation to Orange Beach, Alabama in a week! My wife and I visited the area about two years ago, and we loved it!	B: that is a nice thing to do ! how many people do you have any family ? 	A: Just me and my wife pretty much, 	B: that sounds so nice ! how many people are you in a good place ? 	A: Just my wife and I 	B: that is a nice way to have a great time ! 
IEVAL-001116	A: I saw a horror film last night! It was such a scary experience!	B: What movie was it?	A: I watched the latest Halloween	B: What movie was it?	A: The new HALLOWEEN movie	B: Oh that sounds so scary! What movie was it?
IEVAL-001117	A: I saw a horror film last night! It was such a scary experience!	B: i ' ve never seen a horror movie , but i ' d love to . what was it about ?	A: You should check some out. About a murderer killing people. It was nuts. 	B: i ' ll have to check it out . thanks for the heads up . i ' m always looking for new horror movies .	A: The one I watched would for sure keep you on your toes. Don't watch it alone in the dark haha. 	B: what was the name of the movie ? i can ' t seem to find it on netflix .
IEVAL-001118	A: I saw a horror film last night! It was such a scary experience!	B: What was it about?	A: A serial killer that can't be stopped. 	B: What movie was it?	A: It was the new Halloween movie	B: What movie was it?
IEVAL-001119	A: I saw a horror film last night! It was such a scary experience!	B: oh , that is so scary . did you get it fixed ? 	A: Yes, it was hard to sleep though. It was that good. 	B: that is great . i hope you get it ! 	A: Thanks! It was pretty disturbing to watch at times. 	B: i am sorry to hear that . i hope you get it back to the doctor 
IEVAL-001120	A: i am impressed that video games grow so much every year	B: What games do you play?	A: Mainly strategy games they are really fun	B: What games do you play?	A: All of them	B: What kind of games do you play?
IEVAL-001121	A: i am impressed that video games grow so much every year	B: yeah , it ' s a lot of fun . i ' m not a big fan of video games though .	A: Me either	B: i don ' t think i ' ve ever played a video game in my life . what ' s your favorite ?	A: Mario kart	B: yeah , that ' s one of my favorites too . i like that it was made by nintendo .
IEVAL-001122	A: i am impressed that video games grow so much every year	B: What kind of games do you play?	A: Racing games	B: breaking ben and 5 finger games	A: That's cool they sound fun	B: What games do you play?
IEVAL-001123	A: i am impressed that video games grow so much every year	B: i have heard of the game . i have been a fan of a game , but i am glad you are doing better . 	A: What is your favorite game?	B: i am sorry ! i love it when you have a good time 	A: Okay I love it when you have a good time too!	B: i love the same . i have always had a lot of fun . i have a lot of fun . 
IEVAL-001124	A: I was pretty disillusioned when I found out door to door sales wasn't a fun time	B: What happened?	A: I ended up switching jobs	B: What kind of jobs?	A: I switched to writing.	B: What kind of jobs did you end up doing?
IEVAL-001125	A: I was pretty disillusioned when I found out door to door sales wasn't a fun time	B: i ' m sorry to hear that . what did you end up doing to make up for it ?	A: I switched career paths	B: that ' s good to hear . i hope you ' re able to make it back on your feet .	A: Yes I am doing great now.	B: i am glad to hear it . i wish you the best of luck in your future endeavors .
IEVAL-001126	A: I was pretty disillusioned when I found out door to door sales wasn't a fun time	B: I'm sorry to hear that. What did you do?	A: I switched jobs	B: I'm so sorry to hear that. I'm sorry you had to deal with that.	A: It's ok I am doing much better now	B: I'm so sorry to hear that. I hope everything works out for you.
IEVAL-001127	A: I was pretty disillusioned when I found out door to door sales wasn't a fun time	B: oh no ! did you get a bad happen ? 	A: Yes I had to switch jobs	B: wow ! what kind of job did you get ? 	A: I went into writing and I love it.	B: that sounds fun ! how long have your been married ? 
IEVAL-001128	A: A recruiter contacted me the other day about potential job openings, so I'm hoping I may have a job soon!	B: What kind of job is it?	A: It is working in a library doing Family history research.	B: That sounds like a great job!	A: It is my dream job!	B: That sounds like a great job!
IEVAL-001129	A: A recruiter contacted me the other day about potential job openings, so I'm hoping I may have a job soon!	B: that ' s great to hear . i hope you get the job you ' re looking for soon .	A: Thanks! I hope so too!	B: what kind of job are you looking for ? i ' ve been looking for a job for a while now .	A: It is working in a library researching family histories.	B: that sounds like a very interesting job . i bet you ' ll get a lot of jobs there .
IEVAL-001130	A: A recruiter contacted me the other day about potential job openings, so I'm hoping I may have a job soon!	B: What kind of job is it?	A: It is the job that I have ben looking for and I am so happy! Its my dream job!	B: That's great! What kind of job is it?	A: Working in a library and cataloging books and researching family histories.	B: That's great! I hope you have a great time!
IEVAL-001131	A: A recruiter contacted me the other day about potential job openings, so I'm hoping I may have a job soon!	B: that is a great attitude to do ! 	A: I know! I am so excited because it is my dream job!	B: awesome ! i hope you have the job ! 	A: Thanks! I hope so too!	B: that is good ! i am sorry to hear that . 
IEVAL-001132	A: Last night at like midnight the power cut out completely on my street	B: Oh no! What happened?	A: I am not sure but it was scary.	B: That must have been scary.	A: It was but I am fine now.	B: That sounds scary. I am glad you are okay.
IEVAL-001133	A: Last night at like midnight the power cut out completely on my street	B: oh no ! i ' m sorry to hear that . were you able to get out of the house ?	A: No I stayed in my house.	B: that ' s a bummer . i hope you ' re okay . it ' s always good to be safe .	A: Thanks! Everything's fine.	B: glad to hear it ! i hope everything works out for you and your family . i wish you all the best .
IEVAL-001134	A: Last night at like midnight the power cut out completely on my street	B: Oh no! What happened?	A: I am not sure.	B: Oh no! I am so sorry to hear that. What happened?	A: I lost power and it was scary.	B: Oh no! I am so sorry to hear that. I hope it wasn't too bad.
IEVAL-001135	A: Last night at like midnight the power cut out completely on my street	B: that is terrible . i hope they get the same thing to do . did you get in a car ? i am glad that you did that . 	A: I stayed in my house and I am fine.	B: that is great ! what happened ? 	A: I am not sure why the power went out.	B: oh that is terrible . i hope you get the trouble for me . i am sure you will be fine ! 
IEVAL-001136	A: I recently completed my masters degree in education at almost 40 years old. I feel really pleased with myself.	B: How do you feel about that?	A: I feel proud and relieved.	B: I'm glad to hear that. You must be very proud of yourself.	A: Yes. I am. Very proud. I can go on with my career now.	B: I wish you the best of luck!
IEVAL-001137	A: I recently completed my masters degree in education at almost 40 years old. I feel really pleased with myself.	B: that ' s great ! i ' m happy for you . what are you going to school for ?	A: I went for my MBA.	B: congratulations ! that is a great accomplishment . i wish you all the best in your future endeavors .	A: Thank you very much. I really appreciate that.	B: you ' re welcome . it ' s always good to be positive . you ' ll do great !
IEVAL-001138	A: I recently completed my masters degree in education at almost 40 years old. I feel really pleased with myself.	B: Congrats! You must be very proud of yourself.	A: I am.. It feels good to get this done.	B: Thank you! You must be very proud of yourself.	A: I do feel good. It should help me in my career.	B: Thank you! You must be very proud of yourself. Thank you!
IEVAL-001139	A: I recently completed my masters degree in education at almost 40 years old. I feel really pleased with myself.	B: that is great , how long did it take ? 	A: Five long years.	B: wow , that is a great attitude 	A: I guess. I'm glad I got it but I'm glad to be done with it.	B: what kind of job is that ? 
IEVAL-001140	A: My girlfriend recently went on a business trip for a week, I was very lonely during this experience.	B: Where did she go?	A: She went to New York.	B: Where did she go?	A: She went to New York . I was lonely without her.	B: Where did she go?
IEVAL-001141	A: My girlfriend recently went on a business trip for a week, I was very lonely during this experience.	B: oh no , i ' m sorry to hear that . did you guys have a good time together ?	A: We didn't go together. She went and I stayed here.	B: oh , that ' s too bad . i hope you ' re able to get back together soon .	A: She's back now but I was lonely while she was gone.	B: oh , i am so sorry that happened to you . do you think she will come back soon ?
IEVAL-001142	A: My girlfriend recently went on a business trip for a week, I was very lonely during this experience.	B: I'm sorry to hear that. Where did you guys go?	A: Well, she went to New York.	B: I am so sorry to hear that. I hope you guys have a great time together.	A: I didn't have a great time. I was left here alone and I was lonely.	B: I am sorry to hear that. I hope you guys have a great time together.
IEVAL-001143	A: My girlfriend recently went on a business trip for a week, I was very lonely during this experience.	B: i hope you have a good time . 	A: I didn't have a good time. I was very lonely.	B: why did you do that ? 	A: Because she was gone.	B: that is awful . how was that feeling ? 
IEVAL-001144	A: I am so glad that I decided to pack a kit for my car in case of bad winter weather.	B: Did you have a good time?	A: It wasn't about having a good time. It was about being prepared for an emergency.	B: That sounds like a good time.	A: Thank you for your input.	B: It was really nice of you to have a good time.
IEVAL-001145	A: I am so glad that I decided to pack a kit for my car in case of bad winter weather.	B: that ' s a good idea . what kind of car do you have ? i ' m sure you ' ll be fine .	A: I have a Ford Bronco, so the car is well equipped.	B: i ' ve never heard of a bronco before . i ' ll have to check it out .	A: It is a 4 wheel drive vehicle made by Ford.	B: that sounds like it would be a lot of fun to drive . i hope it works out for you .
IEVAL-001146	A: I am so glad that I decided to pack a kit for my car in case of bad winter weather.	B: What kind of car did you pack?	A: I didn't pack a car. I packed the car with emergency equipment.	B: What kind of car did you pack?	A: I loaded emergency equipment in case of a storm.	B: What kind of car did you pack?
IEVAL-001147	A: I am so glad that I decided to pack a kit for my car in case of bad winter weather.	B: i love going to get a lot of myself ! i have been there for me too . 	A: I'm talking about an emergency kit.	B: oh , that is a good idea . i hope you do not have a lot of anxiety 	A: I feel better having the kit prepared.	B: that is awesome ! how many do you have ? 
IEVAL-001148	A: I ate so much of my wife's cookies, but she shouldn't make them so irresistible.	B: What kind of cookies did she make?	A: Chocolate chip.	B: Oh that sounds delicious. I love chocolate chip.	A: I'm glad to here that.	B: That sounds delicious. I love chocolate chip.
IEVAL-001149	A: I ate so much of my wife's cookies, but she shouldn't make them so irresistible.	B: i ' m sorry to hear that . i ' ve had that happen to me a few times .	A: Thank you.	B: you ' re welcome . do you have any other hobbies you can share with your wife ?	A: We both like cookies.	B: that ' s great . i wish i had more time with my wife . it ' s been a long time .
IEVAL-001150	A: I ate so much of my wife's cookies, but she shouldn't make them so irresistible.	B: What kind of cookies did she make?	A: They were chocolate chip, my favorite.	B: I am so sorry to hear that. What kind of cookies did she make?	A: Chocolate chip.	B: I don't know. I am so sorry to hear that. I'm so sorry that happened to her.
IEVAL-001151	A: I ate so much of my wife's cookies, but she shouldn't make them so irresistible.	B: that is good . i am sorry . i hope you get the food and not too ! 	A: The cookies were good._x000D_	B: oh that is a nice surprise . what did you do ? 	A: I ate too many cookies.	B: i love that when that happens to me 
IEVAL-001152	A: I love when I need to show someone how to do something and everything goes off without a hitch.	B: That sounds like a lot of fun. How do you do it?	A: I am very good at my job and feel confident when training someone.	B: How do you do it?	A: I do it because I am confident.	B: How do you do it?
IEVAL-001153	A: I love when I need to show someone how to do something and everything goes off without a hitch.	B: that ' s awesome ! what kind of things do you need to do to get the hang of it ?	A: You have to be good at your job and confident that you can answer questions.	B: that sounds like a lot of fun ! i ' m sure you ' ll be great at it !	A: It is fun. Thanks!	B: you ' re welcome ! i wish you the best of luck with the rest of your job hunt !
IEVAL-001154	A: I love when I need to show someone how to do something and everything goes off without a hitch.	B: That sounds like a lot of fun.	A: It is. I love helping others.	B: That sounds like a lot of fun. I wish I could do something like that.	A: Thanks for your comments.	B: I wish I could do something like that. I can't wait to see what I can do.
IEVAL-001155	A: I love when I need to show someone how to do something and everything goes off without a hitch.	B: that is great ! i am sure you will do something to be in a while i am sure . 	A: I agree.	B: that is good , what is your favorite thing you are doing to have ? 	A: I love to help others.	B: that is a good thing to do 
IEVAL-001156	A: My girlfriend went on a week trip with her friends, and left me alone to fend for myself.	B: Where did she go?	A: She went camping.	B: Where did she go?	A: to the mountains	B: Where did she go?
IEVAL-001157	A: My girlfriend went on a week trip with her friends, and left me alone to fend for myself.	B: i ' m sorry to hear that . what did she do to make you feel bad about it ?	A: Nothing really. I just feel lonely without her around.	B: that ' s too bad . i hope you ' re able to find someone to spend time with .	A: I have a really good friend that I think I will call.	B: that sounds like a good idea . it ' s good that you have a friend that you can call .
IEVAL-001158	A: My girlfriend went on a week trip with her friends, and left me alone to fend for myself.	B: Why did she leave you alone?	A: She went on a trip with her friends. I was not invited.	B: Why did she leave you alone?	A: I was not invited.	B: Why did she leave you alone?
IEVAL-001159	A: My girlfriend went on a week trip with her friends, and left me alone to fend for myself.	B: that is a bummer . i have been there for you , i hope you get a good friend ! 	A: That is a good idea. I think that I will call my friend and maybe we could do something fun together.	B: that is nice to hear , how is it someone you have ? 	A: I have a good friend that I love to have long conversations with.	B: i am glad you have a great friend ! 
IEVAL-001160	A: I had a tough semester but I just saw my grades and I'm pleased with the results.	B: How did it go?	A: I got 3 As and 3 Bs	B: How did it go?	A: i just told you	B: How did it go?
IEVAL-001161	A: I had a tough semester but I just saw my grades and I'm pleased with the results.	B: that ' s great to hear . i hope you ' re able to get back on track soon .	A: im already back on track. i got 3 As and 3 Bs	B: that is great . i am sure you will do great in the future . keep up the good work .	A: thanks, now i can finally take a much needed break	B: that is good . i wish you the best of luck in your future endeavors . good luck !
IEVAL-001162	A: I had a tough semester but I just saw my grades and I'm pleased with the results.	B: That's great! How did it go?	A: i got 3 As and 3 Bs	B: That's great! How did you do?	A: i just told you how i did	B: I did great! I am so proud of you!
IEVAL-001163	A: I had a tough semester but I just saw my grades and I'm pleased with the results.	B: i bet you are a great feeling ! 	A: yeah now i can relax and take a break	B: that is good to hear . how is that you are doing ? 	A: what are you asking?	B: that is a good thing to do . i do not like the person who is the same ? 
IEVAL-001164	A: When I left the bathroom in high school once I had toilet paper stuck to my shoe.	B: Oh no! Were you able to get it fixed?	A: i kicked it off my shoe	B: Oh no! That must have been awful.	A: yeah it was gross how sticky the toilet paper was	B: Oh no! That must have been awful.
IEVAL-001165	A: When I left the bathroom in high school once I had toilet paper stuck to my shoe.	B: oh my god , that ' s terrible ! did you have to go to the hospital or something ?	A: why would i go to the hospital for having toilet paper stuck to my shoe?	B: i ' m not sure , but i hope you didn ' t have to have it stuck to your shoe .	A: no i kicked it off	B: oh , i see . well , at least it wasn ' t your shoe that got stuck to it .
IEVAL-001166	A: When I left the bathroom in high school once I had toilet paper stuck to my shoe.	B: Oh no! Were you able to clean it up?	A: yeah i just kicked it off, but it was gross how it could stick to my shoe like that, probably sticky with urine	B: Oh no! I am so sorry to hear that. Did you clean it up?	A: like i said, i just kicked off the toilet paper off my shoe	B: Oh no! I am so sorry that happened to you. I hope you didn't have to clean it up.
IEVAL-001167	A: When I left the bathroom in high school once I had toilet paper stuck to my shoe.	B: that is awful ! i hope you get it ! 	A: get what?	B: why ? 	A: im asking you, what do you hope me to get?	B: i am sorry . what is the problem ? 
IEVAL-001168	A: I was so calm and happy the other night just listening to rain hitting the kitchen windows	B: That sounds like a lot of fun! What did you do?	A: I just sat in my kitchen and listened to the rain for an hour. 	B: That sounds like a lot of fun!	A: It really was. I needed a night to just listen to the gentle sounds of nature. 	B: That sounds like a lot of fun!
IEVAL-001169	A: I was so calm and happy the other night just listening to rain hitting the kitchen windows	B: that ' s awesome ! i ' m glad it didn ' t rain for you . what did you do ?	A: It actually did rain and that's what made it so beautiful. The sound of rain is so relaxing. 	B: it really is . it ' s so relaxing to hear the sound . i hope you had a great night !	A: I really had the best night. I hope you did too. 	B: i did ! it was really nice to have a night like that . what was your favorite thing to do ?
IEVAL-001170	A: I was so calm and happy the other night just listening to rain hitting the kitchen windows	B: That sounds like a lot of fun! What did you do?	A: I sat in my kitchen just listening to the rain for an hour. 	B: That sounds like a lot of fun! What did you do?	A: I listened to the rain while it fell and when it started ease up, I put on some relaxing music. 	B: That sounds like a lot of fun! What did you do?
IEVAL-001171	A: I was so calm and happy the other night just listening to rain hitting the kitchen windows	B: oh , that is good . what happened to it ? 	A: The rain fell all night, but I only listened to it intently for an hour. 	B: i am glad you are okay 	A: I am more than ok. I had such a relaxing night. 	B: i hope you have a lot of rain . i am sorry to hear that 
IEVAL-001172	A: I just watched the notebook, pretty depressing movie.	B: What movie was it?	A: The Notebook.	B: What movie was it?	A: The Notebook, a romantic drama. 	B: What movie was it?
IEVAL-001173	A: I just watched the notebook, pretty depressing movie.	B: i ' ve never heard of that movie . i ' ll have to check it out . what ' s it about ?	A: It's about two people falling in love and then one of them forgets everything in the end due to old age. Very sad. 	B: oh my gosh . that ' s so sad . i don ' t think i could watch that .	A: You really have to be in the mood. 	B: i ' m not sure i ' d watch it . i can ' t imagine being in a relationship that long .
IEVAL-001174	A: I just watched the notebook, pretty depressing movie.	B: What movie was it?	A: The Notebook, a romantic drama.	B: What movie was it?	A: A romantic drama with a very sad ending called The Notebook. 	B: What movie was it?
IEVAL-001175	A: I just watched the notebook, pretty depressing movie.	B: i love it 	A: I know! It's such a good movie, but has such a sad ending. 	B: why ? i can not wait for you . 	A: The main character ends up forgetting the love of his life. 	B: i agree with that . it is a lot of people who have to learn how it is . 
IEVAL-001176	A: My daughter just got married and moved across the country and is homesick. I've been talking to her every day to make her feel better.	B: That sounds like a lot of fun.	A: What sounds a lot of fun?	B: It sounds like a lot of fun.	A: Oh getting married is fun	B: That sounds like a lot of fun.
IEVAL-001177	A: My daughter just got married and moved across the country and is homesick. I've been talking to her every day to make her feel better.	B: i ' m so sorry to hear that . i hope she feels better soon . how old is she ?	A: She is 31 years old	B: that ' s a long time to be away from your family . i wish you all the best .	A: Thank you	B: you ' re welcome . it ' s nice to have someone to talk to every once in a while .
IEVAL-001178	A: My daughter just got married and moved across the country and is homesick. I've been talking to her every day to make her feel better.	B: That's great! How long have you two been together?	A: Since she was a baby	B: We have been together for a few years now. It's been a long time since we've been together.	A: Hopefully my daughter visits me	B: That's a long time. How long have you two been together?
IEVAL-001179	A: My daughter just got married and moved across the country and is homesick. I've been talking to her every day to make her feel better.	B: i am sorry to hear that . i bet you will have some great memories . 	A: A lot of great memories.  I hope she visits me.	B: that is a great feeling . i am glad it was not too bad . 	A: Her husband is very nice though.	B: that is great . how long has it been since you have a great relationship . 
IEVAL-001180	A: My son is such a rascal! He took my car for a joy ride!	B: What kind of car was it?	A: Ford Truck	B: What kind of car was it?	A: Nevermind	B: It must have been a very nice car.
IEVAL-001181	A: My son is such a rascal! He took my car for a joy ride!	B: that ' s nice of him . what kind of car did you have ? i ' ve never had a car before .	A: It's a Ford F150	B: nice . i ' d love to own one one day . i just don ' t know what i want to do yet .	A: What's your car that you want?	B: i ' m not sure yet . i think i ' ll go for a honda civic or something .
IEVAL-001182	A: My son is such a rascal! He took my car for a joy ride!	B: What kind of car did he take?	A: Ford 150	B: It's a 1968 chevrolet. I am so envious of him.	A: I suppose so.  	B: What kind of car did he take?
IEVAL-001183	A: My son is such a rascal! He took my car for a joy ride!	B: wow , that is amazing . i bet he will be a lot of his life . 	A: My son is a troublemaker	B: i can understand why that is that 	A: Hopefully he matures soon	B: why is that ? 
IEVAL-001184	A: It has been a wonderful Monday!	B: That's great! What's going on Monday?	A: Well, I just found out some very good news that I am getting a raise!_x000D_	B: That's awesome! What's going on Monday?	A: I just told you...I got a raise!	B: That's awesome! I'm happy for you!
IEVAL-001185	A: It has been a wonderful Monday!	B: that ' s great ! what are you going to do with the rest of the mondays off ?	A: Thanks, but I don't have Mondays off.  I just got a raise and I'm going to take a long overdue vacation!	B: that sounds like a lot of fun ! i hope you have a great time ! what do you do for fun ?	A: I love to swim and surf.	B: i love swimming too ! i ' ve never been to a beach but i ' d love to go one day !
IEVAL-001186	A: It has been a wonderful Monday!	B: That's great! What are you going to do?	A: Thanks! I'm going to start planning my long overdue for a vacation!	B: That's awesome! Where are you going?	A: I haven't decided yet, but somewhere tropical!	B: I hope you have a great time! Where are you going?
IEVAL-001187	A: It has been a wonderful Monday!	B: i hope you have fun ! 	A: Thanks! I'm long overdue for a vacation!	B: that is a fun time to go to a beach ? 	A: We can't decide between the beach or going to the city.	B: i love the beach ! what do you have ? 
IEVAL-001188	A: I can remember feeling so disillusioned when someone who I really admired as a visionary turned out to be a real jerk on a day-to-day basis.	B: What did you do?	A: I didn't do anything, I just observed my coworker being rude.	B: That's pretty cool. What did you do?	A: I'm sorry, you don't seem to understand what I went down here. I observed someone being a jerk. How is that cool?	B: It's pretty cool. I'm glad you found out who it was.
IEVAL-001189	A: I can remember feeling so disillusioned when someone who I really admired as a visionary turned out to be a real jerk on a day-to-day basis.	B: i ' m sorry to hear that . what did they do to you to make you feel that way ?	A: They said something really insensitive to one of our coworkers about her weight.	B: oh no ! that ' s terrible . i hope you ' re able to move on from it .	A: Thanks.  I think I need to talk to them and let them know it was rude.	B: i ' d definitely do that . it ' s not good to have to deal with people like that .
IEVAL-001190	A: I can remember feeling so disillusioned when someone who I really admired as a visionary turned out to be a real jerk on a day-to-day basis.	B: What made you feel that way?	A: They said something so rude that completely took me aback._x000D_	B: What did they say?	A: They made fun of a colleague directly to their face.	B: That's really rude of them. What did they say?
IEVAL-001191	A: I can remember feeling so disillusioned when someone who I really admired as a visionary turned out to be a real jerk on a day-to-day basis.	B: i know that is a very important thing to have to do that for me . 	A: I'm not sure I understand your response. They said something really insensitive to one of our coworkers about her weight.	B: i am sorry . that makes me feel better . 	A: Ok, but that doesn't make sense.	B: that is a good feeling . i have a lot of myself 
IEVAL-001192	A: We walked, we ate ice cream, we rode a bike, we laughed a lot, we enjoyed the outdoors, we were exhausted	B: What kind of ice cream was it?	A: It was blue moon which is my oldest son's favorite.	B: That sounds like a lot of ice cream!	A: It was a decent amount that was needed after we got so warm on our bike ride and walk.	B: That sounds like a lot of ice cream!
IEVAL-001193	A: We walked, we ate ice cream, we rode a bike, we laughed a lot, we enjoyed the outdoors, we were exhausted	B: that sounds like a lot of fun ! what kind of ice cream did you eat ? i love ice cream !	A: We each had two scoops of blue moon ice cream which is my son's favorite.	B: i love blue moon ! it ' s one of my favorite frozen foods . i ' m glad you had fun !	A: It was a blast. I love being able to spend one on one time with my sons.	B: that ' s great ! i hope you have a great time with your son ! do you have any plans for the weekend ?
IEVAL-001194	A: We walked, we ate ice cream, we rode a bike, we laughed a lot, we enjoyed the outdoors, we were exhausted	B: That sounds like a lot of fun!	A: It really was. I always enjoy when I can spend time with my boys outside.	B: That sounds like a lot of fun!	A: I'm hoping to take off another day next week to spend time with them because it's suppose to be really nice out.	B: That sounds like a lot of fun!
IEVAL-001195	A: We walked, we ate ice cream, we rode a bike, we laughed a lot, we enjoyed the outdoors, we were exhausted	B: that is a good thing 	A: It was a very good thing. I don't get a ton of time to spend with my children.	B: that is a good way to have ! i am glad to hear that you are doing . what did you do 	A: We got to enjoy the outdoors together._x000D_	B: that is nice ! what kind ? 
IEVAL-001196	A: I went to a restaurant my wife really likes with some friends while she was at work. It's not a big thing, but I felt a little bad about it :P	B: What kind of restaurant was it?	A: It was an Italian restaurant and it's one that my wife has loved since she was a kid.	B: What kind of restaurant was it?	A: The restaurant serves very tasty foods like capellini al fresco which is my wife's favorite.	B: That sounds like a good restaurant.
IEVAL-001197	A: I went to a restaurant my wife really likes with some friends while she was at work. It's not a big thing, but I felt a little bad about it :P	B: why did you feel bad ? did you have a good time at the restaurant or did she not like it ?	A: I feel bad because I know that she likes this restaurant. I did have a good time though because the food is amazing._x000D_	B: what ' s your favorite thing to eat at this restaurant ? i ' m always looking for new things to try .	A: I like the burgers and my wife really likes the Caesar salad. I feel like I should have at least brought her a salad home.	B: that ' s a good idea ! i ' ll have to try that out . i ' ve never had a caesar salad before .
IEVAL-001198	A: I went to a restaurant my wife really likes with some friends while she was at work. It's not a big thing, but I felt a little bad about it :P	B: Why did you feel bad about it?	A: I felt bad because I know how much my wife likes this restaurant and she doesn't like it when I get to enjoy restaurants without her.	B: I'm sorry to hear that. Have you talked to her about it?	A: I did. I told her that a felt a little bad about going without her but it was a last minute thing and I knew that she was busy.	B: I'm sorry to hear that. Have you talked to her about it?
IEVAL-001199	A: I went to a restaurant my wife really likes with some friends while she was at work. It's not a big thing, but I felt a little bad about it :P	B: i am sorry , i hope that is not too bad . i hope you get a new one . 	A: It's not too bad. My wife is only a little mad at me.	B: that is a shame ! how long have you two been married ? 	A: We have been married for almost ten years now and she has always been annoyed when I get to go to restaurants without her.	B: oh no ! i hope you get a lot of money ! 
IEVAL-001200	A: I have a lab mix and he is so well behaved and listens to commands so well. I'm glad I got him as a puppy.	B: What kind of dog is he?	A: Lab	B: What type of dog is he?	A: lab_x000D_	B: What type of dog is he?
IEVAL-001201	A: I have a lab mix and he is so well behaved and listens to commands so well. I'm glad I got him as a puppy.	B: that ' s awesome ! i bet he ' s a great dog . what kind of dog do you have ?	A: lab	B: i ' ve always wanted to get a lab . they ' re such a great breed of dog .	A: They are the best	B: they really are . i wish i could have one of my own , but i don ' t have the money .
IEVAL-001202	A: I have a lab mix and he is so well behaved and listens to commands so well. I'm glad I got him as a puppy.	B: What kind of puppy is he?	A: he is a lab_x000D_	B: He is a lab. I am so happy for him.	A: You do not know him though_x000D_	B: I am so happy for him. I am so thankful for him.
IEVAL-001203	A: I have a lab mix and he is so well behaved and listens to commands so well. I'm glad I got him as a puppy.	B: that is a good thing to be proud of him . 	A: He really is a good dog	B: oh that is good , i hope he was a dog for a long dog 	A: long dog?	B: oh , that is not a big of your cat ? 
IEVAL-001204	A: I had a meeting last week where I gave a presentation over the wrong documentation and no one said anything until after the meeting.	B: What did you say?	A: You read it right_x000D_	B: What did you say?	A: I am not repeating it	B: What did you say?
IEVAL-001205	A: I had a meeting last week where I gave a presentation over the wrong documentation and no one said anything until after the meeting.	B: that ' s terrible . i ' m sorry to hear that . what did you do about it ?	A: I tried harder the next time	B: it ' s always good to try . i hope you ' re able to get it over with .	A: I tried my best	B: good for you . i wish you the best of luck with the rest of your day . : )
IEVAL-001206	A: I had a meeting last week where I gave a presentation over the wrong documentation and no one said anything until after the meeting.	B: Oh no! I'm so sorry to hear that. What did you do?	A: I gave the wrong presentation	B: Oh no, I'm so sorry to hear that. I am so sorry that happened to you.	A: thank you	B: Thank you for your kind words. Thank you!
IEVAL-001207	A: I had a meeting last week where I gave a presentation over the wrong documentation and no one said anything until after the meeting.	B: i am sorry to hear that . i hope you do better . 	A: Yeah it was pretty bad	B: oh that is so bad ! i hope you find a good job 	A: I still have this job	B: what kind of job is it ? 
IEVAL-001208	A: While cleaning out our closets, I always find some old item that reminds me how little the girls used to be.  Last time it was a cute pair of jeans in toddler sizing we saved to make "jean purses" out of someday.  My kid is 14 this week!!!	B: That sounds like a lot of fun!	A: It is 	B: That sounds like a lot of fun!	A: Agreed	B: That sounds like a lot of fun!
IEVAL-001209	A: While cleaning out our closets, I always find some old item that reminds me how little the girls used to be.  Last time it was a cute pair of jeans in toddler sizing we saved to make "jean purses" out of someday.  My kid is 14 this week!!!	B: that ' s so cute ! i ' m sure it ' s a lot of fun to remember those times .	A: Thank I agree	B: you ' re welcome . i hope you have a great time with your son . i bet he ' ll love it .	A: I hope so	B: i wish you the best of luck with the rest of your life . you ' ll be a great parent .
IEVAL-001210	A: While cleaning out our closets, I always find some old item that reminds me how little the girls used to be.  Last time it was a cute pair of jeans in toddler sizing we saved to make "jean purses" out of someday.  My kid is 14 this week!!!	B: That's awesome!  How old is your kid?	A: 14	B: He is 13.  I am so proud of him.  I'm so happy for him!	A: Thank you	B: I am so happy for him!  I am so proud of him!
IEVAL-001211	A: While cleaning out our closets, I always find some old item that reminds me how little the girls used to be.  Last time it was a cute pair of jeans in toddler sizing we saved to make "jean purses" out of someday.  My kid is 14 this week!!!	B: wow , that is a shame , i am sure they will get some of your kids can be able to do that for me . it is so nice to 	A: Yes i love him 	B: that sounds like a great friend . 	A: He is 	B: he is a real thing to do 
IEVAL-001212	A: I had to cancel our family vacation coming up next month.	B: Why did you cancel?	A: I was busy at work	B: Why did you cancel?	A: Work	B: I don't know. Why did you cancel?
IEVAL-001213	A: I had to cancel our family vacation coming up next month.	B: that ' s a bummer . i ' m sorry to hear that . did you have a good time ?	A: No I cancel it	B: i hope you had a great time . it ' s always nice to get out and have fun .	A: I did not go on the trip	B: oh , i see . well , at least you got to spend some time with family and friends .
IEVAL-001214	A: I had to cancel our family vacation coming up next month.	B: Why did you cancel?	A: Work	B: I had to cancel.  I am so sorry to hear that.	A: Yes not good	B: I am so sorry to hear that. I hope everything works out for you.
IEVAL-001215	A: I had to cancel our family vacation coming up next month.	B: oh no , i have never been a couple of my family . i am sure you will get some good news 	A: Thank you	B: i am sure you have a good feeling ! what kind of business ? 	A: Retail	B: oh , that is not good . 
IEVAL-001216	A: I was so thrilled to get to see Hamilton, i was really looking forward to it	B: What happened?	A: He won the Formula 1 race.	B: That's awesome, how much did he win?	A: He was first to the finish line.I was so happy and excited.	B: That's awesome, you must be so proud of him!
IEVAL-001217	A: I was so thrilled to get to see Hamilton, i was really looking forward to it	B: that ' s awesome ! i ' ve never been to a race before . what was it about ?	A: Formula 1 race	B: that sounds like a lot of fun . i ' ll have to check it out when i get the chance .	A: You should my adrenaline was high all through.	B: i ' m sure it was . it ' s been a long time since i have seen a race like that .
IEVAL-001218	A: I was so thrilled to get to see Hamilton, i was really looking forward to it	B: That's awesome! What are you going to do?	A: Celebrate he's victory.	B: I am so happy for you! I hope you have a great time!	A: I will, Hamilton is the best.	B: Thank you! I hope you have a great time!
IEVAL-001219	A: I was so thrilled to get to see Hamilton, i was really looking forward to it	B: nice ! how did you get it ? 	A: I was able to get tickets for his race.	B: that is so nice ! did he get the trouble for it ? 	A: No he is a professional racer and i'm gonna be able to see him perform am so happy.	B: that is great . i hope he does not get a good job 
IEVAL-001220	A: My father almost died. His recent health problems have been devastating.	B: I'm so sorry to hear that.	A: Yeah i haven't been the same i am so stressed	B: I'm sorry to hear that.	A: I have constant stomach upset and im restless i wish him recovery.	B: That's good to hear.
IEVAL-001221	A: My father almost died. His recent health problems have been devastating.	B: oh no , i ' m so sorry to hear that . i hope he ' s doing better .	A: He's is recovering but at a slow rate which has me really worried.	B: i can ' t imagine what it must be like to lose a loved one . i am so sorry .	A: He isn't dead .He is unwell	B: that ' s good to hear . it ' s always good to have someone to talk to about it .
IEVAL-001222	A: My father almost died. His recent health problems have been devastating.	B: I am so sorry to hear that.	A: Yeah i wish that he makes it through.	B: I am so sorry to hear that.	A: I haven't even slept well	B: I am so sorry to hear that. Thank you for your kind words.
IEVAL-001223	A: My father almost died. His recent health problems have been devastating.	B: i hope so . i hope he has a good life . 	A: He is in his death bed so no.	B: that is so sad , i am sorry . i hope he is a good thing to do 	A: He is very unwell almost lost his life.	B: he must be a good friend 
IEVAL-001224	A: I was sitting on the couch after a long day taking care of work and all the mommy stuff the other day.	B: What did you do after that day?	A: just relaxing on the couch	B: What did you do after that day?	A: watch tv on the couch	B: What did you do after that day?
IEVAL-001225	A: I was sitting on the couch after a long day taking care of work and all the mommy stuff the other day.	B: that sounds like a lot of fun ! what did you do with all the moms stuff ? ?	A: i was just done with mommy duties	B: that ' s great ! i ' m glad you were able to take care of all of them !	A: yes i was happy	B: i am happy for you ! i hope you have lots of fun with all of your moms !
IEVAL-001226	A: I was sitting on the couch after a long day taking care of work and all the mommy stuff the other day.	B: That sounds like a lot of fun! What did you do?	A: just watched some tv	B: I watched tv and watched tv. It was so relaxing.	A: ok	B: That sounds like a lot of fun! What did you do?
IEVAL-001227	A: I was sitting on the couch after a long day taking care of work and all the mommy stuff the other day.	B: that is a shame ! did you find a good one ? 	A: i was relaxing at home	B: that sounds fun ! i have been there 	A: i was glad to get time to relax	B: it is a great feeling . 
IEVAL-001228	A: I one time lost my trunks in the pool! People saw me in a way I didn't want!	B: What did you do with the trunks?	A: i went back into the water and got them	B: What did you do with the trunks?	A: i put them back on	B: What did you do with the trunks?
IEVAL-001229	A: I one time lost my trunks in the pool! People saw me in a way I didn't want!	B: oh no ! i ' m so sorry to hear that . did you have to pay for it ?	A: no, i did not	B: that ' s too bad . i hope you ' re able to find it in the next few days .	A: i went back and got them quckly	B: it ' s good that you got them back . i wish you the best of luck in the future .
IEVAL-001230	A: I one time lost my trunks in the pool! People saw me in a way I didn't want!	B: Oh no!  I am so sorry to hear that.  Did you lose them?	A: no, i went back to get them	B: Oh no, I am so sorry to hear that. I hope you didn't lose them!	A: i got them back_x000D_	B: No, I didn't lose them.  I am so sorry that happened to you.
IEVAL-001231	A: I one time lost my trunks in the pool! People saw me in a way I didn't want!	B: i am glad you had that happen 	A: why?	B: what kind is that 	A: swimming trunks	B: i hate that ! i would have to do that . 
IEVAL-001232	A: My son just graduated from high school! He has worked so hard, and he even earned a scholarship.	B: That's awesome! You must be so proud of him!	A: Yes I am. He certainly deserves the scholarship. I'm so happy.	B: That's great! You must be so proud of him!	A: I'm very happy to see him go to college.	B: That's great! You must be so proud of him!
IEVAL-001233	A: My son just graduated from high school! He has worked so hard, and he even earned a scholarship.	B: that ' s great ! i ' m sure he ' ll be a great parent to his son .	A: Not sure about that, but he certainly is great in school.	B: it ' s good that he ' s doing well in school ! i hope he does well in college .	A: I'm sure he will. He's very talented and I'm so happy.	B: i bet you ' re so proud of him ! i bet he has a great life ahead of him .
IEVAL-001234	A: My son just graduated from high school! He has worked so hard, and he even earned a scholarship.	B: That's great! You must be so proud of him!	A: Yes I am very proud and excited what he will do in College.	B: That's great to hear! You must be so proud of him!	A: Yes I sure am.	B: I am! I am so proud of him!
IEVAL-001235	A: My son just graduated from high school! He has worked so hard, and he even earned a scholarship.	B: thats awesome ! i bet he was proud of you ! 	A: I was proud of him. He's the one that graduated.	B: that is a good thing . i bet he was proud . 	A: Yes I am very proud of him.	B: that is great ! i am glad to hear that ! 
IEVAL-001236	A: My roommate eats my food sometimes. This makes me so angry!	B: What kind of food is it?	A: Anything he can get his hands on. Today is was my last yogurt. I'm so upset with him.l	B: Oh, that's so sweet of him. I'm glad you're able to help him out.	A: I'm not helping him out. He is stealing my food & I'm so angry	B: That's very kind of you. I'm glad you're able to help him out.
IEVAL-001237	A: My roommate eats my food sometimes. This makes me so angry!	B: i ' m sorry to hear that . have you tried talking to him about it ? maybe he ' ll understand .	A: Yes, I have spoken to him about this many times!	B: that ' s good to hear . i hope it works out for the best for both of you .	A: He doesn't listen to me though, he keeps stealing my food and it makes me so mad.	B: i can ' t imagine what it ' s like to have to deal with a roommate like that .
IEVAL-001238	A: My roommate eats my food sometimes. This makes me so angry!	B: I'm sorry to hear that. Have you talked to him about it?	A: Yes I did but he still keeps taking my food.	B: I'm sorry to hear that. Have you talked to him about it?	A: Yes I do, but to no avail. I am so mad.	B: I'm sorry to hear that. Have you talked to him about it?
IEVAL-001239	A: My roommate eats my food sometimes. This makes me so angry!	B: that is not nice of you . i hope he does that . 	A: He eats my food, I don't do anything.	B: that is a shame . i hope you have to do that for you ! 	A: It's difficult living with someone that takes your food all the time.	B: i am sorry to hear that . i hope that you have a lot of time 
IEVAL-001240	A: I'm so excited about an upcoming move and life change -- it's a move to a verrrry different state, but should be interesting!	B: What kind of move is it?	A: I'm moving into a new apartment. I hope it's clean there!	B: That's awesome! I'm happy for you!	A: Yeah it should be good, I hope. Thank you! 	B: That's awesome! I'm happy for you!
IEVAL-001241	A: I'm so excited about an upcoming move and life change -- it's a move to a verrrry different state, but should be interesting!	B: that ' s exciting ! where are you moving to , if you don ' t mind me asking ?	A: I'm going to try michigan, even though the crime rates do sound a little scary...	B: i ' ve never been there , but it sounds like a great place to live . i hope you enjoy it !	A: yeah, thank you! I think it should be a good change! 	B: i hope it all works out for you , and you ' ll have a great time in the new state !
IEVAL-001242	A: I'm so excited about an upcoming move and life change -- it's a move to a verrrry different state, but should be interesting!	B: What are you going to do about it?	A: Well that's the thing, I don't know yet. It's so hard to plan without hearing more news about it first!	B: What are you going to do about it?	A: I guess I'll just have to try to relax until I know more. 	B: What are you going to do about it?
IEVAL-001243	A: I'm so excited about an upcoming move and life change -- it's a move to a verrrry different state, but should be interesting!	B: that is awesome . i bet you are a good thing to be able to get some new friends ! 	A: oh I don't know, you know me. I don't get out much.	B: i am sorry . i hope you have a good feeling . 	A: it's okay! yeah though, I am feeling pretty hopeful about it!	B: that is good . i hope it goes well for me 
IEVAL-001244	A: My dog passed away couple months back.. i was heartbroken	B: How old is your dog?	A: he was 10 years old, so he had an okay run. i still hoped to get a few more years with him though. 	B: How old is your dog?	A: not old enough for me to be ready for him to die. 	B: Wow, that's a long time ago. I bet he was a great dog.
IEVAL-001245	A: My dog passed away couple months back.. i was heartbroken	B: i ' m so sorry to hear that . i hope you ' re able to get over it .	A: i'm hanging in there now, but it's been really rough. 	B: i know how you feel . i lost my dog a few months ago as well . it gets better .	A: sigh, yeah, thanks. did you end up getting a new pet? 	B: no , i ended up getting another dog . they ' re a lot of work , but worth it in the end .
IEVAL-001246	A: My dog passed away couple months back.. i was heartbroken	B: I am so sorry to hear that.	A: thanks. it's been a rough few months, i'm just starting to get back to normal. 	B: I'm so sorry to hear that. I hope everything works out for you.	A: i mean it's already worked out how it's going to work out, hasn't it? just gotta move on. 	B: I'm so sorry to hear that. I hope everything works out for you.
IEVAL-001247	A: My dog passed away couple months back.. i was heartbroken	B: i am sorry to hear that . i hope your dog is a great feeling ! 	A: i have fond memories thinking about him, yeah. thanks. 	B: i am sorry , it is always a fun time . 	A: having a dog was fun, yes. 	B: oh , that is a good thing to do ! 
IEVAL-001248	A: I surprised my girlfriend with Chik-Fil-A breakfast this morning when she got off work.	B: What kind of breakfast did she get off work?	A: I got her chick fil a 	B: That sounds like a good breakfast.	A: Yes I think she liked it	B: That sounds like a good breakfast.
IEVAL-001249	A: I surprised my girlfriend with Chik-Fil-A breakfast this morning when she got off work.	B: that ' s really nice of her . i ' m sure she ' s proud of you for doing that .	A: I am trying to be more thoughtful 	B: it ' s always good to be thoughtful . do you have a favorite place to eat at chikfila ?	A: I like to eat it in a park	B: i ' ve never been to a park , but i ' d love to visit one one day .
IEVAL-001250	A: I surprised my girlfriend with Chik-Fil-A breakfast this morning when she got off work.	B: How did she get off work?	A: She was done for the day and drove home 	B: How did she get off work?	A: She was done	B: How did she get off work?
IEVAL-001251	A: I surprised my girlfriend with Chik-Fil-A breakfast this morning when she got off work.	B: oh , that is not good ! i hope you get it . 	A: I did get some t and it was good	B: i am glad to hear that . i am glad you have a good feeling 	A: Yes thanks 	B: that is a great attitude to have . i have always wanted to learn from that 
IEVAL-001252	A: Yesterday my car ran out of oil and broke down. I could not believe I would let such a thing happen!	B: Did you get hurt?	A: No I’m ok thanks 	B: That's good to hear. I am glad you are ok.	A: Thanks it was just a pain	B: Did you get hurt?
IEVAL-001253	A: Yesterday my car ran out of oil and broke down. I could not believe I would let such a thing happen!	B: oh no ! i ' m so sorry to hear that . did you have to replace the oil ?	A: Yes that was the solution 	B: that ' s good to hear . i hope you ' re able to get the car fixed soon .	A: Thanks 	B: i hope it all works out for you and you don ' t have to worry about it again .
IEVAL-001254	A: Yesterday my car ran out of oil and broke down. I could not believe I would let such a thing happen!	B: Oh no, what happened?	A: My car broke down	B: Oh no, I am so sorry to hear that. Did you get hurt?	A: No I’m ok thanks!	B: Oh no, I am so sorry to hear that. I hope it wasn't too bad.
IEVAL-001255	A: Yesterday my car ran out of oil and broke down. I could not believe I would let such a thing happen!	B: that is terrible . what did you do ? 	A: I had to get it towed	B: oh no . did you have any plans ? 	A: They are going to fix my engine 	B: that is not good , i am sorry to hear that , i know how you feel . 
IEVAL-001256	A: When I was promoted to Team Leader at work, I really felt like all my hard work had paid off, to some extent, and I gave myself a little pat on the back.	B: How did that make you feel?	A: I was glad that I worked so hard	B: How did it make you feel?	A: I was really happy	B: That's great, I'm glad it made you feel better!
IEVAL-001257	A: When I was promoted to Team Leader at work, I really felt like all my hard work had paid off, to some extent, and I gave myself a little pat on the back.	B: that ' s great ! i ' m sure you were proud of yourself for doing what you did .	A: thanks for saying that.	B: you ' re welcome . it ' s always good to be proud of what you ' ve done .	A: yes we should always to the best work that we can 	B: i wish you the best of luck in your future endeavors . i hope you have a great day !
IEVAL-001258	A: When I was promoted to Team Leader at work, I really felt like all my hard work had paid off, to some extent, and I gave myself a little pat on the back.	B: That sounds like a lot of work to me. What did you do?	A: I went out and celebrated my promotion	B: Oh, I'm sorry to hear that. What did you do?	A: why are you sorry?	B: I don't know, I just felt like I was in the right place. I didn't know what to do.
IEVAL-001259	A: When I was promoted to Team Leader at work, I really felt like all my hard work had paid off, to some extent, and I gave myself a little pat on the back.	B: that is a good feeling , you can not wait for a few years ago . i had a few times . 	A: what do you mean?	B: me too ! i am sorry to hear about that . what do you mean ? 	A: I am happy I worked hard	B: that is great ! i hope you get the job ! 
IEVAL-001260	A: Just my luck - I step into a huge pile of dog mess...	B: What kind of dog mess?	A: the kind that comes out their butt	B: What kind of dog mess?	A: well since you asked it was poop 	B: Oh that sounds like a lot of fun!
IEVAL-001261	A: Just my luck - I step into a huge pile of dog mess...	B: oh no ! i ' m sorry to hear that . what did you do to get rid of it ?	A: I wiped it of with a rag	B: that ' s a good idea . i hope you don ' t have to deal with it again .	A: me too, it was really disgusting	B: i bet it was ! i hope it wasn ' t too much of a mess for you to clean up .
IEVAL-001262	A: Just my luck - I step into a huge pile of dog mess...	B: What kind of dog is it?	A: I have no idea. I did not see the dog	B: What kind of dog is it?	A: The kind that leaves a pile of mess 	B: I am so sorry to hear that. What kind of dog is it?
IEVAL-001263	A: Just my luck - I step into a huge pile of dog mess...	B: that is a relief . i hope it was an accident . 	A: how is that a relief	B: i am sure you are going to have a lot ? 	A: what does that mean	B: that is really nice . what is your favorite part of your life ? 
IEVAL-001264	A: i was really happy the day i finished my doctorate	B: How did it go?	A: I was very proud of myself	B: How did it go?	A: It was a hard journey but i made it	B: How did it go?
IEVAL-001265	A: i was really happy the day i finished my doctorate	B: that ' s great ! i ' m happy for you . what are you going to school for ?	A: I want to study medicine	B: that sounds like a great career choice . i hope you get to do a lot of great things .	A: For sure I will I am sure thank you	B: you ' re welcome . i wish you the best of luck with the rest of your endeavors .
IEVAL-001266	A: i was really happy the day i finished my doctorate	B: That's great! What did you do?	A: I am a medical doctor	B: I am so sorry to hear that. I hope everything works out for you!	A: Why you have to sorry for me	B: I hope everything works out for you!
IEVAL-001267	A: i was really happy the day i finished my doctorate	B: congrats ! i bet that was a great feeling . 	A: Yes after all those years of hard work and studying	B: what did you do ? 	A: I am a medical doctor	B: i hope you get a good feeling ! 
IEVAL-001268	A: I need a B average to stay in my major and I'm struggling in a course.	B: How do you feel about that?	A: I feel very disappointed	B: How do you feel about that?	A: I am desperate	B: How do you feel about that?
IEVAL-001269	A: I need a B average to stay in my major and I'm struggling in a course.	B: i am sorry to hear that . i am sure you will get a good grade in the class .	A: I hope so too I will try my best again	B: i wish you the best of luck . i hope you get the grade you are looking for in your major .	A: Thank you	B: you are welcome . good luck to you and your future endeavors in the future . you will do great .
IEVAL-001270	A: I need a B average to stay in my major and I'm struggling in a course.	B: How do you feel about that?	A: I feel sand and disappointed	B: How do you feel about that?	A: I feel sad	B: I feel the same way. I feel really bad about it.
IEVAL-001271	A: I need a B average to stay in my major and I'm struggling in a course.	B: i am glad you are ok 	A: I am not ok I am very disappointed	B: why is that ? 	A: I need a good B to pass my major requirements	B: that sounds great ! what are you going to do ? 
IEVAL-001272	A: i feel like i am the best player on my soccer team	B: What team are you rooting for?	A: Well, I would be rooting for my own team since I 'm the most important part to it.	B: What team are you rooting for?	A: I just said, I would root for my own team.	B: That sounds like a great team.
IEVAL-001273	A: i feel like i am the best player on my soccer team	B: i ' m sure you are . you must be very good at it . what position do you play ?	A: I play the striker, I'm flexible though and can be pretty good at being an off-role defense player. I do what I need to win.	B: that ' s great . i ' ve never played soccer , but i ' d love to learn .	A: Yeah, you should, it's great and everyone should play if they can.	B: i think i ' ll give it a try one day . do you have a team you play for ?
IEVAL-001274	A: i feel like i am the best player on my soccer team	B: What team are you rooting for?	A: Not rooting for, I meant my team, the one I play on.	B: What team are you rooting for?	A: Um... nevermind, look I just want to say that I'm the best player on my soccer team.	B: What team are you rooting for?
IEVAL-001275	A: i feel like i am the best player on my soccer team	B: i am sorry to hear that . what game did you get ? 	A: What? No, that's a good thing. I'm talking about being the best on my soccer team!	B: what game is the team ? 	A: It is soccer like I just said.	B: what game did you see 
IEVAL-001276	A: I went to a movie alone recently because none of my friends wanted to go with me	B: What movie was it?	A: I went to see the latest Matrix movie, you know about it?	B: What movie was it?	A: I just said lol, the latest Matrix movie, Matrix Resurrection. 	B: That sounds like a good movie!
IEVAL-001277	A: I went to a movie alone recently because none of my friends wanted to go with me	B: i ' m sorry to hear that . why didn ' t you go with your friends to the movies ?	A: No, it was because they didn't want to go with me.	B: oh , that ' s too bad . i hope you ' re able to find a new friend .	A: It wasn't that serious though, just lonely since I thought it would be something cool to do together and hang out.	B: oh , i see . well , it ' s always good to have friends to hang out with .
IEVAL-001278	A: I went to a movie alone recently because none of my friends wanted to go with me	B: What movie did you see?	A: It was the latest Matrix movie, have you heard or seen it?	B: I haven't, I haven't seen it in a long time.	A: Oh I see, well anyway, the movie actually sort of resonated with me. Seeing Neo trying to reunite with Trinity made me feel like needing someone.	B: What movie did you see?
IEVAL-001279	A: I went to a movie alone recently because none of my friends wanted to go with me	B: i am sorry to hear that . how did you find out ? 	A: Well, I texted some of my best friends and they said they were busy. I asked our friend group chats and either people didn't reply or said no.	B: i am sorry to hear that . how did you get them ? 	A: I'm not sure what you mean but I met them over school or work if you meant how I knew them.	B: that is a good thing to do . i hope you do not want to be a good parent . 
IEVAL-001280	A: I helped find my friend's cats. She's glad they're back now	B: That's great. How long have they been gone?	A: For like six months	B: That's a long time. How long have they been gone?	A: i said six months	B: That's a long time. How long have they been gone?
IEVAL-001281	A: I helped find my friend's cats. She's glad they're back now	B: that ' s so nice of you . i ' m glad you found them . what kind of cat is it ?	A: just the normal cats,	B: oh , i see . well , it ' s good that you ' re able to find them .	A: sure	B: do you have any other pets ? i ' ve got a dog , but i don ' t have any cats .
IEVAL-001282	A: I helped find my friend's cats. She's glad they're back now	B: That's great! What kind of cats do you have?	A: The hairy ones	B: I haven't seen them in a long time. I've never seen them in my life.	A: oh no you need to see them they are so cute .	B: I haven't seen them in a long time. I've never seen them in my life.
IEVAL-001283	A: I helped find my friend's cats. She's glad they're back now	B: oh that is nice ! i love cats 	A: me too cats but white ones only.	B: that is a shame , i hope you get it . 	A: lol why shame?_x000D_	B: i can understand that , i am glad that you had a good thing . 
IEVAL-001284	A: Watching scary movies lately has made me paranoid, I was really frightened the other night.	B: What movie did you watch?	A: Action movies how about you?	B: That sounds like a good movie.	A: very good one. you can try.	B: That sounds like a good movie.
IEVAL-001285	A: Watching scary movies lately has made me paranoid, I was really frightened the other night.	B: i ' m sorry to hear that . what kind of scary movies do you like ? i love horror movies .	A: I too like horror._x000D_	B: what do you do for a living ? i ' ve been watching a lot of horror movies lately .	A: I'm a medical officer but on my free time i watch horror movie.	B: that ' s cool . do you have any other hobbies you like to do while watching horror movies ?
IEVAL-001286	A: Watching scary movies lately has made me paranoid, I was really frightened the other night.	B: What kind of movies did you watch?	A: Horror_x000D_	B: I watched a lot of horror movies.	A: Did you enjoy_x000D__x000D_	B: I watched a lot of horror movies. It was a really scary movie.
IEVAL-001287	A: Watching scary movies lately has made me paranoid, I was really frightened the other night.	B: i do that , i am sorry to hear that . 	A: Thank you._x000D_Do you watch scary movies?	B: i have heard of that 	A: Oh can you try and watch someday?_x000D_	B: that is a great feeling ! i am sure you will do great . 
IEVAL-001288	A: I think I will be very busy Monday night playing my new game.	B: What game is it?	A: It's "TaterTot Parade World Tour."  It's like If all of GTAV took place inside a single McDonald's.	B: That sounds like a great game.	A: It's been in development since 1999.  The college roommate of a guy that worked on, "Slime Rancher" is leading developer on it.  I'm super excited.	B: That sounds like a great game.
IEVAL-001289	A: I think I will be very busy Monday night playing my new game.	B: what game is it ? i ' ve never played a video game before . what kind of game are you playing ?	A: It's a really compelling RPG.  Lots of deep content.  I'm really looking forward to it.	B: that sounds like a lot of fun ! i ' ll have to check it out . what ' s the name of the game ?	A: It's FredQuest 2.0:  The Revenge of Fred!  In Korea, it's referred to as "The Fred Strikes Back."	B: that sounds really interesting . i will have to look into it more . do you like video games ?
IEVAL-001290	A: I think I will be very busy Monday night playing my new game.	B: What game is it?	A: It's "Jet Engine Menace 2023."  You basically shove NPC's into the intake of a jet.  It's being marketed as a less buggy alternative to Cyberpunk.	B: Wow, that sounds like a lot of fun. What game is it?	A: Jet Engine Menace 2023.  It's a rollicking tale of jet engine related hijinks.  	B: That sounds like a lot of fun.  Good luck!
IEVAL-001291	A: I think I will be very busy Monday night playing my new game.	B: that is a fun thing 	A: Yeah, true.  You aren't wrong.	B: i know , it is a good feeling to do that 	A: Right.  I am glad you understand.	B: that is great , how long have you had your life ? 
IEVAL-001292	A: My coworker forgot to turn in the paperwork to switch our on call weeks. He ended up costing me $250! I'm so mad!!!	B: That sounds like a lot of money.	A: It really is.  That's $250 I could really use.	B: That sounds like a lot of money.	A: That's true.  It is.	B: That sounds like a lot of money to me.
IEVAL-001293	A: My coworker forgot to turn in the paperwork to switch our on call weeks. He ended up costing me $250! I'm so mad!!!	B: wow , that ' s a lot of money . i ' d be mad too . did you talk to him about it ?	A: I did!  I spent 45 minutes on the phone with the dirty little malcontent.	B: well , at least it wasn ' t too much money . it ' s still a lot though .	A: It's a good chunk of change.  I've got half a mind to slice his tires.	B: well , i hope you ' re able to find a way to get him to pay you back .
IEVAL-001294	A: My coworker forgot to turn in the paperwork to switch our on call weeks. He ended up costing me $250! I'm so mad!!!	B: Oh no! I am so sorry to hear that. What did you do?	A: I haven't done anything yet.  Just waiting to see if the vile degenerate will pay me back for it.	B: I am so sorry to hear that. I hope everything works out for you!	A: Hey, I appreciate that.  Thanks!	B: I hope everything works out for you!
IEVAL-001295	A: My coworker forgot to turn in the paperwork to switch our on call weeks. He ended up costing me $250! I'm so mad!!!	B: oh man , that is a bummer . i am sorry . that is a bummer . 	A: Thanks, I appreciate it.	B: i am glad to hear that ! i hope you have a good life 	A: Right.  Same to you.	B: i am sorry to hear that . what is the reason to do ? 
IEVAL-001296	A: I went to my friend's niece's dance recital this weekend. I could not believe how well she did.	B: How did she do?	A: She had her best performance ever.	B: How did she do?	A: Let me show you the video.	B: That was very nice of you. I am glad she did well.
IEVAL-001297	A: I went to my friend's niece's dance recital this weekend. I could not believe how well she did.	B: that ' s awesome ! what kind of dance did she do ? i bet it was a lot of fun !	A: She did a hip hop dance.	B: that sounds so fun ! i ' m sure she ' ll be a great dancer in the future !	A: Yes, I agree.	B: do you have a favorite hip hop artist ? i ' ve been wanting to check out some of their music .
IEVAL-001298	A: I went to my friend's niece's dance recital this weekend. I could not believe how well she did.	B: How did she do?	A: She did a great job.	B: That's great! How did she do?	A: It was her best performance.	B: That's great! How did she do?
IEVAL-001299	A: I went to my friend's niece's dance recital this weekend. I could not believe how well she did.	B: that is good . how old is she ? 	A: She is 9.	B: i bet you are excited . 	A: Yes, very excited for her.	B: that is awesome ! i hope she does that . what is she going to do ? 
IEVAL-001300	A: I was heartbroken when my mom told me that my childhood dog had died	B: How old was your dog?	A: She was 5 years old.	B: How old is your dog?	A: She was 5 years old._x000D_	B: How old is your dog?
IEVAL-001301	A: I was heartbroken when my mom told me that my childhood dog had died	B: oh no , i ' m so sorry to hear that . how old was it when it died ?	A: She was 10 years old.	B: that ' s a long time ago for a dog . i hope she ' s doing better now .	A: She is dead.	B: i am so sorry for your loss . i know how hard it is to lose a loved one .
IEVAL-001302	A: I was heartbroken when my mom told me that my childhood dog had died	B: I'm so sorry to hear that. What kind of dog was it?	A: A Golden Retriever.	B: I'm so sorry to hear that. I am so sorry for your loss.	A: Thank you.  What should I do?	B: I am so sorry to hear that. Thank you for your kind words.
IEVAL-001303	A: I was heartbroken when my mom told me that my childhood dog had died	B: oh i am so sorry to hear that 	A: Thank you.  I just don't know what to do because I am so sad.	B: i am sorry to hear that . i hope you feel better soon . 	A: What can I do to feel better?	B: what is your favorite thing ? 
IEVAL-001304	A: I'm moving to a new apartment in a few weeks and can't wait! No more obnoxious upstairs neighbors!	B: That's awesome! Where are you moving to?	A: I am going to a much quieter place about a mile away.	B: That sounds like a lot of fun! I'm sure you'll have a great time!	A: I would just like to sleep, work, and watch TV without a lot of noise from upstairs.	B: That sounds like a great idea!
IEVAL-001305	A: I'm moving to a new apartment in a few weeks and can't wait! No more obnoxious upstairs neighbors!	B: that sounds like a lot of fun ! i hope you enjoy your new place . do you have any hobbies ?	A: Yes, I do but I will be focused on getting moved to the point that I will not be able to participate in them.	B: that ' s a good way to look at it . i think you ' ll have a great time !	A: I am not sure it is a good time. It is a lot of work.	B: i can understand that . i ' ve been in that position before . it ' s not fun at all .
IEVAL-001306	A: I'm moving to a new apartment in a few weeks and can't wait! No more obnoxious upstairs neighbors!	B: I am so sorry to hear that. Are you moving to a new apartment?	A: Yes I am. I want to get away from all the noise of my neighbors!	B: I am so sorry to hear that. Are you moving to a new apartment?	A: Yes. I am looking for a quiet apartment where I can sleep, work and watch TV in peace.	B: I am so sorry to hear that. I hope everything works out for you!
IEVAL-001307	A: I'm moving to a new apartment in a few weeks and can't wait! No more obnoxious upstairs neighbors!	B: that is not good . i hope you get a lot of money . 	A: No, I really won't. It will cost me to move but it is worth it for the peace and quiet.	B: i know , i do not know what you mean . it is a lot of work . 	A: I believe that the work of moving will pay off once I am settled in the new place.	B: i hope you have a good time . 
IEVAL-001308	A: I'm a little anxious about an upcoming move. It's to a *very* different state with a *very* different climate and way of life!	B: That's great! What are you going to do about it?	A: I will try to make a few friends right away.	B: What are you going to do about it?	A: I think I will try to make a few friends.	B: What are you going to do about it?
IEVAL-001309	A: I'm a little anxious about an upcoming move. It's to a *very* different state with a *very* different climate and way of life!	B: that sounds like a lot of fun ! i hope it goes well . where are you moving to ?	A: Down the road a couple of miles. It has a different atmosphere. I am nervous.	B: i am sure it will go well . i hope everything goes well for you and you have a great time !	A: thank you, but it will be different and I am very concerned about the atmosphere.	B: i can understand that . do you think you ' ll be able to find a good job there ?
IEVAL-001310	A: I'm a little anxious about an upcoming move. It's to a *very* different state with a *very* different climate and way of life!	B: I'm sorry to hear that. What are you going to do about it?	A: I think I will try to make a few friends.	B: What are you going to do about it?	A: I will make a few friends.	B: What are you going to do about it?
IEVAL-001311	A: I'm a little anxious about an upcoming move. It's to a *very* different state with a *very* different climate and way of life!	B: i am sure you will be able to get a lot of time . 	A: I am not sure what you mean? I am only concerned about the atmosphere of the apartment.	B: i hope you have a good feeling . 	A: Thank you, I am concerned as it is very different than what I am used to.	B: it is good you are not alone . i have had to do that . 
IEVAL-001312	A: I know this guy who is so young, yet he owns his own major business. It's really impressive.	B: What kind of business is it?	A: Its an IT business 	B: What kind of business is it?	A: Its software business 	B: What kind of business is it?
IEVAL-001313	A: I know this guy who is so young, yet he owns his own major business. It's really impressive.	B: that ' s so cool ! what kind of business is it ? i ' ve always wanted to own a business .	A: Its software business 	B: that sounds like a lot of work . i ' m glad you ' re able to do it .	A: Yes	B: how long has it been since you ' ve owned a business ? how long have you been doing it ?
IEVAL-001314	A: I know this guy who is so young, yet he owns his own major business. It's really impressive.	B: What kind of business is it?	A: Its an IT business 	B: What kind of business is it?	A: Its an IT business 	B: What kind of business is it?
IEVAL-001315	A: I know this guy who is so young, yet he owns his own major business. It's really impressive.	B: wow , that is a great thing ! how long have you been together ? 	A: For few years now	B: that is good to hear ! i hope so you feel better soon 	A: Sure	B: what kind ? 
IEVAL-001316	A: I was really frightened the other night. I was home alone and there was a big storm.	B: Oh no, what happened?	A: Just called my parents to be safe and stayed inside home	B: Oh no, what happened?	A: There was slight damage to the fence	B: Oh no, what happened?
IEVAL-001317	A: I was really frightened the other night. I was home alone and there was a big storm.	B: oh no , i ' m sorry to hear that . did you have to go to the hospital ?	A: No it was not so severe 	B: that ' s good to hear . it ' s always good to be prepared for things like that .	A: Yes very true	B: do you think you ' ll be able to get back to where you were in a few days ?
IEVAL-001318	A: I was really frightened the other night. I was home alone and there was a big storm.	B: Oh no, what happened?	A: Fences were blown away,damage to the house	B: Oh no! I'm so sorry to hear that. Were you okay?	A: Yes we are okay	B: Oh no, I'm so sorry to hear that. I hope it wasn't too bad.
IEVAL-001319	A: I was really frightened the other night. I was home alone and there was a big storm.	B: oh no , that is awful . did you get the person who ? 	A: Yes	B: what did you do ? what did you do ? 	A: Just ran to safe place	B: that is a good way to be able to help . 
IEVAL-001320	A: So I just had an amazing dinner and am now relaxing in my room. I feel very at ease.	B: What kind of dinner did you have?	A: I had an amazing vegetarian pasta dinner.	B: That sounds delicious. I'm glad you enjoyed it.	A: Thank you	B: That sounds delicious. I'm glad you enjoyed it.
IEVAL-001321	A: So I just had an amazing dinner and am now relaxing in my room. I feel very at ease.	B: that ' s great ! i ' m glad you were able to relax . what did you have ?	A: I had an egg Frittata.	B: that sounds yummy . i ' ve never had that before . what ' s it like ?	A: Fluffy filled with veggies and tofu.	B: that sounds really good . i hope you had a great dinner . do you have any other hobbies ?
IEVAL-001322	A: So I just had an amazing dinner and am now relaxing in my room. I feel very at ease.	B: That's great! What kind of food did you have?	A: I had my favorite, "Sushi."	B: What kind of food did you have?	A: I had sushi.	B: I haven't had sushi in years. I've never had sushi in my life. I love sushi.
IEVAL-001323	A: So I just had an amazing dinner and am now relaxing in my room. I feel very at ease.	B: i love the food ! 	A: What food is that?	B: oh , i love that too 	A: is that right	B: what is happening ? 
IEVAL-001324	A: Seeing people taken advantage of by fake religious services is something I find the most vile. It makes them believe that they're doing the right thing, but the person taking advantage of them knows what's really up. What do you know about that?	B: I don't know what to do, but I think it's time to go back to the good old days.	A: why is that?	B: Because it's time to go back to the good old days.	A: I don't think that is a good idea.	B: I know exactly what you mean. I think it's time to go back to the good old days.
IEVAL-001325	A: Seeing people taken advantage of by fake religious services is something I find the most vile. It makes them believe that they're doing the right thing, but the person taking advantage of them knows what's really up. What do you know about that?	B: i don ' t know about you , but i ' ve never seen a fake religious service before .	A: It's interesting and funny.	B: i ' m not sure if i ' d want to go to a fake church . i think it would be too much for me .	A: You should try it sometime.	B: i think i might . i ' ll have to see if there ' s one near where i live .
IEVAL-001326	A: Seeing people taken advantage of by fake religious services is something I find the most vile. It makes them believe that they're doing the right thing, but the person taking advantage of them knows what's really up. What do you know about that?	B: I have no idea what they are talking about. I don't know what they are doing.	A: They are being unkind and hurtful.	B: I'm sorry to hear that. I don't know what they are talking about.	A: I just told you what they are talking about.	B: I don't know what they are talking about. I have no idea what they are doing.
IEVAL-001327	A: Seeing people taken advantage of by fake religious services is something I find the most vile. It makes them believe that they're doing the right thing, but the person taking advantage of them knows what's really up. What do you know about that?	B: i am sorry to hear that . i am sorry . 	A: and what do you think?	B: i am sure you will be fine . 	A: thank you	B: that is great . it is a nice thing for your life . i am glad you have a great time 
IEVAL-001328	A: I finally beat level 150 on the crucible today in my favorite game Grim Dawn.	B: What game did you win?	A: Tetris advanced and puzzle filling.	B: What game did you win?	A: Tetris advanced and puzzle filling	B: What game did you win?
IEVAL-001329	A: I finally beat level 150 on the crucible today in my favorite game Grim Dawn.	B: that ' s awesome ! i ' ve never heard of that game . what ' s it about ?	A: It is about mental puzzle and reasoning_x000D_	B: you should try it . it ' s a lot of fun . you can beat it in one day .	A: Yeah trial will make one an expert.	B: i ' m sure it will . the game has been out for a while . you should check it out .
IEVAL-001330	A: I finally beat level 150 on the crucible today in my favorite game Grim Dawn.	B: That's awesome! What game did you win?	A: Tetris advanced	B: It was a baseball game. I was so proud of myself.	A: I love baseball too but am not good at it!	B: What game did you win?
IEVAL-001331	A: I finally beat level 150 on the crucible today in my favorite game Grim Dawn.	B: that is a fun game 	A: Yeah and it needs alot of mental concerntration.	B: that is so sad . what is your favorite part of your life ? 	A: Dealing with abstract ideas and reasoning.	B: that is good to hear . what is the name of your life ? 
IEVAL-001332	A: Okay, a silly pet peeve but one nonetheless -- when people just leave their grocery carts willy-nilly in the parking lot. No consideration for others or the people who work at the store!	B: That is so gross.	A: yeah it is and sometimes those small action of being responsible matters alot.	B: I know exactly what you mean. I don't know what I would do if I were you.	A: I will absolutely return them to their rightful places.	B: That is exactly what I would do if I were you.
IEVAL-001333	A: Okay, a silly pet peeve but one nonetheless -- when people just leave their grocery carts willy-nilly in the parking lot. No consideration for others or the people who work at the store!	B: i hate when people do that . it ' s so annoying . i ' m not sure why people do it .	A: Yeah it is really bad for people to leave those carts at their parkings	B: i don ' t think i ' ve ever left a grocery cart in a parking lot before .	A: That's very god of you it means your must be considerate..	B: i try to be , but i just can ' t help it . i feel like i should be more considerate of others .
IEVAL-001334	A: Okay, a silly pet peeve but one nonetheless -- when people just leave their grocery carts willy-nilly in the parking lot. No consideration for others or the people who work at the store!	B: Wow, that sounds like a lot of fun!	A: I think there is no fun here t is just irresponsibility.	B: Yeah, I don't know what you mean. I don't think it's going to be a lot of fun.	A: Yeah it is not okay to do that.	B: I am sure it will be fine. I hope you have a great time!
IEVAL-001335	A: Okay, a silly pet peeve but one nonetheless -- when people just leave their grocery carts willy-nilly in the parking lot. No consideration for others or the people who work at the store!	B: oh my god , that is a shame . i hope you have a cat and family ! 	A: I feel lik it is not rightto do such a thing as leaving your cart at the parking lot.	B: i am sorry to hear that . i have never been there to do that for you . 	A: Leaving carts at parking lot is not right at all.	B: i have a pet too 
IEVAL-001336	A: My mom made a pretty awesome scrapbook and gave it to me for christmas several years ago. I recently dug it out and went through it.	B: That's awesome! What kind of stuff was it?	A: it was very emotionally mixed with us our family	B: It sounds like a lot of stuff to me.	A: yes because this is heartily touch always with beautifully emotions.	B: That's awesome. I'm happy for you.
IEVAL-001337	A: My mom made a pretty awesome scrapbook and gave it to me for christmas several years ago. I recently dug it out and went through it.	B: that ' s really sweet of her . i ' m sure she ' s very proud of you .	A: yes defiantly awesome feel always.	B: i wish i had a mom like that . i don ' t think i could ever have one .	A: yes very proud of that time	B: it ' s always good to be proud of your parents . i hope you have a great christmas .
IEVAL-001338	A: My mom made a pretty awesome scrapbook and gave it to me for christmas several years ago. I recently dug it out and went through it.	B: That's really nice of her. I bet you were proud of her.	A: This is Awesome because it was so different and emotional to to watch always. 	B: That's really nice of her. I'm sure she appreciated it.	A: yes, defiantly._x000D_ 	B: That's really nice of her. I'm sure she appreciated it.
IEVAL-001339	A: My mom made a pretty awesome scrapbook and gave it to me for christmas several years ago. I recently dug it out and went through it.	B: that sounds so fun ! how old is that ? i love my mom , i love my family 	A: because This is something that is always very exciting 	B: i am sorry to hear about it . i hope you have a great feeling . 	A: we are proud this. heartily saying that moment.	B: that is great . what kind of dog is it ? 
IEVAL-001340	A: Last night I was walking home from work in a bad part of town, I was a bit scared.	B: Why were you scared?	A: This is very danger place_x000D_	B: Why were you scared?	A: because it was scary to see that man at such a dark time._x000D_	B: Why were you scared?
IEVAL-001341	A: Last night I was walking home from work in a bad part of town, I was a bit scared.	B: i ' m sorry to hear that . what did you do ? did you get out of the house ?	A: yes, I was standing outside the house and I was so scared when I saw that incident._x000D_	B: do you have any hobbies that you like to do in your spare time ? i ' ve always wanted to do something like that .	A: yoga practice and at the same time playing with near home child's.	B: that sounds like a lot of fun . i ' ll have to give it a try one day .
IEVAL-001342	A: Last night I was walking home from work in a bad part of town, I was a bit scared.	B: Why were you scared?	A: because he is very danger face._x000D_	B: Why were you scared?	A: I was walking alone then I was so scared to see a thief your face was so scary.	B: Oh no! I'm sorry to hear that. Did you get hurt?
IEVAL-001343	A: Last night I was walking home from work in a bad part of town, I was a bit scared.	B: oh that sounds really scary . what did you do ? 	A: I walked fast and went home	B: that was nice ! did you have any plans for it ? 	A: yes because it would be great if we could get away from that place.	B: i am sorry , i hope you feel better for you 
IEVAL-001344	A: My friends are saying my girlfriend is cheating behind my back, but i trust her	B: Why did she cheat on you?	A: I am not sure if she is cheating me. My friends say that, but I have not seen any proof	B: What kind of proof is that?	A: Mmm, maybe a photo or a video. Words and screenshot are not trusted for me in this context 	B: Why did she cheat on you?
IEVAL-001345	A: My friends are saying my girlfriend is cheating behind my back, but i trust her	B: i ' m sorry to hear that . do you think she ' s cheating on you or something else ?	A: Sometimes I feel like I am not enough for her; and that make me think about if she is cheating me. But, this thought is not sure for me	B: i can understand that . i ' ve been in a similar situation before . it ' s hard .	A: Really? Do you know how I feel? Oh bro, let me hug you	B: that ' s nice of you to say . i wish you the best of luck in the future .
IEVAL-001346	A: My friends are saying my girlfriend is cheating behind my back, but i trust her	B: I'm sorry to hear that. Have you talked to her about it?	A: No, not yet. But I plan to do it soon	B: Have you talked to her about it?	A: Ehh, I just told you I haven’t done it yet	B: Have you talked to her about it?
IEVAL-001347	A: My friends are saying my girlfriend is cheating behind my back, but i trust her	B: i am sorry . that is so sweet ! 	A: It is, I would not lie to you; but sometimes I feel like a fool for trust her	B: that is a good thing to do . it is a lot . 	A: Do you think that? It is nice, thanks	B: i am sorry to hear that . 
IEVAL-001348	A: My wife cried quite a lot at her mothers funeral. They had a very close bond.	B: That is so sad. How long have you been together?	A: We are married since 2011	B: That is a long time. How long have you two been together?	A: I know her in high school, and since we are going out until 2011 because, in that year we married	B: That is a long time. You must be very proud of her.
IEVAL-001349	A: My wife cried quite a lot at her mothers funeral. They had a very close bond.	B: i ' m so sorry to hear that . i can ' t imagine how hard that must have been for her .	A: Oh, it is. She is crying every day from Sunday, and I don't know how to help her	B: have you tried talking to her about it ? i know it can be hard to lose someone you love .	A: I tried once, the Sunday itself, but she has seen me to my eyes and I cry too. My words can't exit to my mound 	B: that ' s too bad . maybe you can talk to her and see if there ' s anything you can do to help .
IEVAL-001350	A: My wife cried quite a lot at her mothers funeral. They had a very close bond.	B: I am so sorry to hear that. How long have you two been together?	A: We are married since 2011	B: I am so sorry to hear that. How long have you two been together?	A: I just say we are married since 2011...	B: I am so sorry to hear that. I hope you guys have a great time together.
IEVAL-001351	A: My wife cried quite a lot at her mothers funeral. They had a very close bond.	B: that sucks . i am sorry to hear that . i am sorry . 	A: Yes, man, that sucks. My wife is very sad and I am sad too	B: i am sorry to hear that . how is she doing ? 	A: She cries every day, and she doesn't want to eat. I don't know how to help her	B: that is a good way to her 
IEVAL-001352	A: Have you ever been in a situation when payment of some kind has come through *just* in the nick of time?! Talk about gratitude!	B: Yes, I have. How long have you been in the situation?	A: A couple of weeks	B: How long have you been in the situation?	A: A few couple of weeks	B: That sounds like a long time. I'm glad you're in the situation.
IEVAL-001353	A: Have you ever been in a situation when payment of some kind has come through *just* in the nick of time?! Talk about gratitude!	B: yes , i ' ve been in that situation a few times . it ' s not as bad as people make it out to be .	A: Yeah .But to me it was a relief as i was a bit stranded	B: that ' s good to hear . i ' m glad you were able to get out of that situation .	A: Yeah and I'm so happy and thankful.	B: do you have any other hobbies that you ' d like to share with people like that ?
IEVAL-001354	A: Have you ever been in a situation when payment of some kind has come through *just* in the nick of time?! Talk about gratitude!	B: No, I've never been in a situation like that.	A: Its normally a huge relief.	B: Yeah, I've never been in a situation like that.	A: Its okay I'm just grateful things worked out.	B: I've never been in a situation like that. I hope you have a great time!
IEVAL-001355	A: Have you ever been in a situation when payment of some kind has come through *just* in the nick of time?! Talk about gratitude!	B: i am sure you will do great . 	A: Yeah I'm better than i was. I'm actually very thankful.	B: that is a good feeling . i am glad you have a good life . 	A: The salary was a life savor for me this time.	B: oh that is terrible , i am sorry . i am sorry for your loss . i hope you get it ! 
IEVAL-001356	A: My sister recently paid off her house. I felt so envious of her as I've been trying to pay mine down.	B: What did she pay you for?	A: She paid off her house first.	B: What did she pay you for?	A: She was able to pay her house recently before i could be able to pay mine off.	B: That sounds like a lot of money.
IEVAL-001357	A: My sister recently paid off her house. I felt so envious of her as I've been trying to pay mine down.	B: i ' m sorry to hear that . i hope she ' s able to pay it off soon .	A: No she is the one who paid off her house .I havent been able to?	B: that ' s too bad . maybe you can talk to her about it and see if she can help .	A: Yeah i will but i feel like i was the one who was to pay off my house first.	B: i can see how that would make you feel that way . i wish you the best of luck .
IEVAL-001358	A: My sister recently paid off her house. I felt so envious of her as I've been trying to pay mine down.	B: I'm sorry to hear that. What did she do?	A: She was able to pay her house mortgage very fast.	B: I am so sorry to hear that. I hope she feels better soon.	A: She's okay I feel like I was meant to pay mine of first and not her.	B: I am so sorry to hear that. I hope she feels better soon.
IEVAL-001359	A: My sister recently paid off her house. I felt so envious of her as I've been trying to pay mine down.	B: that is a bummer , i bet that is a lot of money . 	A: Yeah I cant even figure out how she beat me to it?	B: why did she do that ? 	A: She got a good investment that she gained massive profits to pay her house but couldn't even tell me about it?	B: that is a bummer . what kind of things do you have ? 
IEVAL-001360	A: These days my skin has never looked better. My diet is good, my family life is good, I've got good grades. Life is good!	B: That's great, what kind of diet is it?	A: Plant based diet, I am never hungry.	B: What kind of diet is it?	A: I said a plant based.	B: That's great, I'm glad you're feeling better!
IEVAL-001361	A: These days my skin has never looked better. My diet is good, my family life is good, I've got good grades. Life is good!	B: that ' s great to hear . i ' m glad you ' re doing well on your diet .	A: Yeah I want to be healthier and a diet is the best place to start._x000D_	B: what kind of diet are you on ? i am on a vegan diet and i love it .	A: I am on a plant based diet.	B: that is a good diet . i have been on one for a few years now and it is great .
IEVAL-001362	A: These days my skin has never looked better. My diet is good, my family life is good, I've got good grades. Life is good!	B: That's great, you must be very proud of yourself.	A: Thanks I am.  I want to live a long life.	B: That's great, you must be very proud of yourself.	A: Yes, are you on a diet.	B: I am, I am so happy for you. I am so proud of myself.
IEVAL-001363	A: These days my skin has never looked better. My diet is good, my family life is good, I've got good grades. Life is good!	B: it is a good thing to do ! i hope you get a good care of life . 	A: I am trying I want to live a long life._x000D_	B: that is a good thing to have . what is your favorite part of your friend 	A: I love all of my friend	B: that sounds great ! i love my dad too . what kind of music is it ? 
IEVAL-001364	A: So I was listening to rap in my car with the windows down. The people in the car next to me were just staring at me. It was kinda awkward.	B: What happened to your car?	A: Nothing to the car.  I was listening to old school rap in my car. The windows were down, and the car next to me started making fun of me.	B: That sounds like a lot of fun.	A: It was not fun.  I was embarrassed. 	B: That sounds like a lot of fun.
IEVAL-001365	A: So I was listening to rap in my car with the windows down. The people in the car next to me were just staring at me. It was kinda awkward.	B: what kind of music do you listen to in your car ? i ' ve never heard rap before .	A: Old school like Dr Dre and 50 cent	B: i ' ll have to check those out . i ' m not a big fan of rap music .	A: I used to be.  You might like the old stuff. Give it a try._x000D_	B: what else do you like to do in your spare time ? i like to go to the movies .
IEVAL-001366	A: So I was listening to rap in my car with the windows down. The people in the car next to me were just staring at me. It was kinda awkward.	B: Oh no, what did you do?	A: I apologized for the bad sounds coming from my car._x000D_	B: Oh no, I'm sorry to hear that. What did you do?	A: I rolled up my windows and shrunk into my seat and drove off._x000D_	B: Oh no, I'm sorry to hear that. I'm sorry that happened to you.
IEVAL-001367	A: So I was listening to rap in my car with the windows down. The people in the car next to me were just staring at me. It was kinda awkward.	B: oh no , that is a bummer , i bet you were very happy . did you get the car ? 	A: NO, I embarrassed myself with old school rap._x000D_	B: i am sorry to hear that . what did you do ? 	A: I rolled the windows up and drove away.	B: oh no ! that sounds really scary 
IEVAL-001368	A: We just got back from the beach two weeks ago. It was such a lovely vacation. We loved relaxing on the beach and just taking it easy.	B: Where did you go?	A: st lucia beaches with my family and friends	B: Where did you go?	A: st lucia beach	B: I would love to go to the beach, but it sounds like it's going to be a great time.
IEVAL-001369	A: We just got back from the beach two weeks ago. It was such a lovely vacation. We loved relaxing on the beach and just taking it easy.	B: that sounds like a great time . did you have a lot of fun with your friends and family ?	A: Yes, I did! I have never seen such clear waters, I wish I could go back, and enjoy the sun and sand	B: i ' ve never been to the beach myself , but i ' d love to go back one day .	A: It is truly unreal how beautiful beaches are, specially to the one I went. you could step inside the water, and still see your feet. the water was crystal clear	B: that ' s really cool . i ' m sure it ' s a great feeling to be able to see the sand and the water .
IEVAL-001370	A: We just got back from the beach two weeks ago. It was such a lovely vacation. We loved relaxing on the beach and just taking it easy.	B: That sounds like a lot of fun! Where did you guys go?	A: we went to St. Lucia beaches, with the most clear waters, so fun	B: That sounds like a lot of fun! Where did you guys go?	A: st. lucia beaches and we played games 	B: We went to the beach, we went to Cozumel.
IEVAL-001371	A: We just got back from the beach two weeks ago. It was such a lovely vacation. We loved relaxing on the beach and just taking it easy.	B: i bet that was fun ! 	A: It sure was, I had the best time with my family and friends	B: that is nice to hear ! what happened ? 	A: we spent the entire day on the beach, we ate and played beach games	B: i love those ! i am sure it will not get any more often . 
IEVAL-001372	A: There was one piece of pie left in the fridge. Instead of sharing it, I ate it. I kind of feel bad.	B: What kind of pie was it?	A: It was a pumpkin pie, my absolute favorite, its also my family favorite. Should I tell them I ate the last piece of pie? I feel really bad._x000D_	B: That sounds like a good idea.	A: Okay, I will tell my family I ate the last piece of pie, maybe then I wont feel so guilty about it. what do you think?	B: I think it was a good piece of pie, but I don't know what you are talking about.
IEVAL-001373	A: There was one piece of pie left in the fridge. Instead of sharing it, I ate it. I kind of feel bad.	B: oh no , that ' s terrible . i ' m sure you ' ll feel better about it .	A: I think Im going to tell my family I ate the last piece of pie, maybe ill feel better after I tell them, what do you think?	B: i don ' t think you should tell them . they ' ll probably think you did something wrong .	A: You think so? maybe you are right, I do want to tell them though. I feel really guilty. I wanted to share but it was too delicious to share. 	B: it ' s okay , you ' re not the only one who did that . you can ' t help it .
IEVAL-001374	A: There was one piece of pie left in the fridge. Instead of sharing it, I ate it. I kind of feel bad.	B: What kind of pie was it?	A: Pumpkin pie, my absolute favorite, it is also my family's favorite pie. I feel guilty for eating the last piece of pie. 	B: What kind of pie was it?	A: pumpkin pie	B: It was a cheeseburger. I don't know what kind of pie it was.
IEVAL-001375	A: There was one piece of pie left in the fridge. Instead of sharing it, I ate it. I kind of feel bad.	B: that is a good thing to do . i would be upset if i could not even know what you are doing 	A: Well I know others would of enjoyed at least a bite of the pie. I feel really guilty. Should I tell my family I ate the last pie?	B: that is so nice ! what did you do ? 	A: I dont think its nice, I ate the last pie without sharing. Have you done the same eat the last piece of pie?	B: that is a good feeling ! i hope you have a good time to have ! what is that ? 
IEVAL-001376	A: I love youtube. been listening to all my classic tracks. Tupac forever	B: That's awesome! What kind of tracks?	A: Mainly stuff from the past 30 years or so.	B: That sounds like a lot of fun!	A: Yeah, I love old pieces that make me feel young.	B: That sounds like a lot of fun!
IEVAL-001377	A: I love youtube. been listening to all my classic tracks. Tupac forever	B: tupac is one of my favorite artists of all time . he was such a great american artist .	A: Yeah, his music is very awesome!	B: he was also one of the most influential and influential artists of the 20th century . that ' s something to be proud of .	A: Yeah, can't wait to see what he can come up next!	B: i ' m sure he ' ll come up with something . he ' s been around a long time .
IEVAL-001378	A: I love youtube. been listening to all my classic tracks. Tupac forever	B: What is it about?	A: He's a musician who does rap	B: I've never heard of that. I have never heard of it.	A: He's been gone for over two decades, maybe that's why.	B: I'm sorry to hear that. Have you ever heard of it?
IEVAL-001379	A: I love youtube. been listening to all my classic tracks. Tupac forever	B: oh that is nice ! i love it 	A: You ever heard his music?	B: i have a few friends and i can not wait for it . i have seen the same thing . 	A: What piece did you like from him?	B: that is good . what was the name ? 
IEVAL-001380	A: Isn't it annoying when your friends earn more money then you but you work just as hard.	B: What kind of friends do you work for?	A: Mainly work at the computer.	B: What kind of computer do you work for?	A: Online gigs and selling	B: What kind of computer do you work for?
IEVAL-001381	A: Isn't it annoying when your friends earn more money then you but you work just as hard.	B: yes , it is . i don ' t know what i ' m going to do about it .	A: I often feel like that as well when other people have more than me	B: it ' s not just me . i have a lot of coworkers that have more money than me .	A: How often you feel like that?	B: about once a week . i wish i had more money so i wouldn ' t have to work so hard .
IEVAL-001382	A: Isn't it annoying when your friends earn more money then you but you work just as hard.	B: Why do you say that?	A: I have some friends that make more than me despite having the same hours	B: Why do you say that?	A: I sometimes feel like the world doesn't like me	B: Why do you say that?
IEVAL-001383	A: Isn't it annoying when your friends earn more money then you but you work just as hard.	B: that is a shame . i have a few days myself and then . it is not too much . 	A: I often know some friends that make more money than me. I just feel like the world hates me.	B: that is a bummer ! i hope you get it fixed . 	A: Yeah, I wish I had a better life.	B: that is a great attitude . i am sorry to hear that . i am glad to hear that . 
IEVAL-001384	A: i am really happy for next year i have a trip planned to go to india	B: Where are you going?	A: I'm going to India, specifically New Delhi	B: Where are you going to go?	A: ...	B: Where are you going to go?
IEVAL-001385	A: i am really happy for next year i have a trip planned to go to india	B: that ' s awesome ! i ' ve never been to india , but i hear it ' s beautiful .	A: I'm neither have been to India before, but I'm excited to visit the place!!	B: i bet you ' ll have a great time ! i hope you have a wonderful time . : )	A: Thanks for your good wishes!!	B: you ' re welcome ! i wish you the best of luck with your trip . i hope it goes well !
IEVAL-001386	A: i am really happy for next year i have a trip planned to go to india	B: Where are you going?	A: I'm going to India, specifically New Delhi	B: I am so happy for you! Where are you going?	A: Thanks. I just say I'm going to New Delhi	B: I am so happy for you! Where are you going?
IEVAL-001387	A: i am really happy for next year i have a trip planned to go to india	B: that sounds like fun ! i love the beach , but i hope you get the beach ! 	A: I think that beach in India are a little dangerous, and in New Delhi there are not any beach	B: that is good , how long have you been married ? 	A: Merry with who?? What are you talking about?	B: that is a good way to be ! i love to hear that . 
IEVAL-001388	A: I was going through my photos today and I saw a picture of me and my ex together. It just made me feel odd, I miss him.	B: How long have you been together?	A: Almost four years_x000D_	B: That is a long time. How long have you been together?	A: Almost four years. We know since high school	B: That is a long time.
IEVAL-001389	A: I was going through my photos today and I saw a picture of me and my ex together. It just made me feel odd, I miss him.	B: i ' m sorry to hear that . i hope you ' re able to get back together soon .	A: I really would like to be with him in another chance, but I don't think that would be possible	B: i ' ve been there . it ' s hard , but it ' ll be worth it in the end .	A: Oh, thanks for your words, it is really warm to me	B: that ' s good to hear . i wish you the best of luck in your future endeavors .
IEVAL-001390	A: I was going through my photos today and I saw a picture of me and my ex together. It just made me feel odd, I miss him.	B: I'm sorry to hear that. What did you guys do?	A: One day, he told me that he don't love me anymore and broke up with me	B: I'm sorry to hear that. What did you guys do?	A: Eh, I just say that about once second	B: What did you guys do?
IEVAL-001391	A: I was going through my photos today and I saw a picture of me and my ex together. It just made me feel odd, I miss him.	B: that is a shame . i am glad you have friends . 	A: Well, we are not friends anymore. He was mad with our break-up, and he doesn't talk to me	B: i am sorry to hear about that . how did it go ? 	A: Last year in Christmas	B: i have never had a lot of fun ! i am sure you were going to get the right ? 
IEVAL-001392	A: I found some old Christmas cards the other day and had a lovely time reading them and reminiscing about the people who sent them.	B: What did you do with them?	A: I read through them and thought about the people and the pictures and their heartfelt messages on the inside of the card.	B: I bet that was nice of them.	A: It was nice to be able to look back on these messages after so much time has passed. It made me feel so good and loved!	B: I bet that was nice of you.
IEVAL-001393	A: I found some old Christmas cards the other day and had a lovely time reading them and reminiscing about the people who sent them.	B: that ' s so sweet . i ' d love to have some of those cards . what was the name of the card ?	A: The card's didn't have names. They were just Christmas cards.	B: oh , i see . well , i ' m sure you ' ll get a lot of them .	A: I hope I get a lot more in the future so I can do this again!	B: i hope you do as well . it ' s always nice to get something back from the past .
IEVAL-001394	A: I found some old Christmas cards the other day and had a lovely time reading them and reminiscing about the people who sent them.	B: What did you do with them?	A: I read through them and thought about the people who sent them.	B: What did you do with them?	A: You don't seem to understand me. I was reading through the cards and thinking about the past!	B: What did you do with them?
IEVAL-001395	A: I found some old Christmas cards the other day and had a lovely time reading them and reminiscing about the people who sent them.	B: oh wow that is nice . how did you get the back ? 	A: I got them back because I found them while I was cleaning.	B: i am sorry to hear that , how did that happen ? 	A: I keep my Christmas cards year over year so that I can use them for decorations and times like this to reminisce.	B: that is nice to hear , how long did they take you for ? ? 
IEVAL-001396	A: Last semester, I had to give a class presentation. My stomach was full of butterflies from the nerves.	B: How did it go?	A: I'm just so glad it's done. I was so worried about the whole experience.	B: That's great. I'm glad it worked out for you.	A: Me too! I'm so glad I can relax now. It was so stressful!	B: That's great! I'm glad it worked out for you!
IEVAL-001397	A: Last semester, I had to give a class presentation. My stomach was full of butterflies from the nerves.	B: i ' m sorry to hear that . what did you end up giving the presentation in the end ?	A: I gave the presentation just fine, but I'm so glad it's over. I was so worried beforehand!	B: that ' s good to hear . i hope you ' re feeling better now that you ' ve finished .	A: I feel SO much better! Thank you! I hope I don't have to do it again for a long time.	B: i hope so too . i ' ve been in that situation before and it can be very stressful .
IEVAL-001398	A: Last semester, I had to give a class presentation. My stomach was full of butterflies from the nerves.	B: Oh no, what did you do?	A: I was just super nervous and worried about the presentation. I cried after it was done.	B: Oh no, I'm so sorry to hear that. I hope it wasn't too bad.	A: It was pretty bad at the time, but I feel much better now that it's over.	B: Oh no, I'm so sorry to hear that. I hope it wasn't too bad.
IEVAL-001399	A: Last semester, I had to give a class presentation. My stomach was full of butterflies from the nerves.	B: that is a bummer ! i am sorry for your loss . 	A: I didn't lose anything, just my nerves! And maybe my lunch if I had to keep waiting any longer!	B: oh no . i hope you get it fixed soon 	A: Yeah, I hope some day I can get some anxiety medicine from my doctor to help me out.	B: i am sorry , it is good that you have a great feeling to have a pet 
IEVAL-001400	A: I pray to God that every worry will be taken care of. Especially the baby essentials	B: What kind of baby?	A: A little baby	B: What kind of baby is it?	A: A little cute baby 	B: Oh that's so cute! I bet it's a cute baby!
IEVAL-001401	A: I pray to God that every worry will be taken care of. Especially the baby essentials	B: that ' s good to hear . what essentials do you need to take care of , if you don ' t mind me asking ?	A: Don't worry. Ask everything. I refer to clothes, food, and things for bath time	B: that sounds like a lot of work , but i ' m sure it ' s worth it in the end .	A: Yes, you right	B: i wish you the best of luck , and i hope you ' re able to do it soon .
IEVAL-001402	A: I pray to God that every worry will be taken care of. Especially the baby essentials	B: That's good to hear. I hope everything works out for you.	A: Thanks for your good wishes!!	B: Thank you! I hope everything works out for you!	A: And I hope that everything that you do would be great!	B: Thank you! I hope everything works out for you!
IEVAL-001403	A: I pray to God that every worry will be taken care of. Especially the baby essentials	B: it is a good thing 	A: Yes, this is a good thing	B: what kind of job is it ? 	A: What job are you talking?	B: i hope you get it ! 
IEVAL-001404	A: my little brother dumped a glass of water on me this morning to wake me up	B: Oh no! How did that make you feel?	A: I'm very furious right now!!	B: Oh my gosh! That must have been so embarassing!	A: Like much!! He is a little fool 	B: Oh my gosh! That must have been so embarassing!
IEVAL-001405	A: my little brother dumped a glass of water on me this morning to wake me up	B: oh no ! what did he do ? did you have to clean it up or was it just for fun ?	A: I think was for fun. But now I am furious with him	B: i ' m sorry to hear that . i hope you ' re able to move on with your life .	A: Maybe I will	B: that ' s a good attitude to have . i wish you the best of luck with your future .
IEVAL-001406	A: my little brother dumped a glass of water on me this morning to wake me up	B: Oh no! I'm so sorry to hear that.	A: Thanks for your words	B: It was really nice of him to do that.	A: No!! Absolutely not was nice	B: I'm so sorry to hear that. I hope he gets better soon.
IEVAL-001407	A: my little brother dumped a glass of water on me this morning to wake me up	B: oh no ! i hope you get the police and not hurt 	A: Wow, wait. Police? It was a glass of water, not a shoot or something	B: i am sorry to hear that , what happened ? ? 	A: My brother dumped a glass of water on me	B: oh no ! that is terrible . how did you find him ? 
IEVAL-001408	A: One of my much younger sister's is starting college in a couple weeks. I am so excited for her.	B: How old is she?	A: She just turned eighteen last week!	B: Wow, you must be so proud of her.	A: I am! She's going to do great at school. She was top of her class in high school!	B: Wow, you must be so proud of her.
IEVAL-001409	A: One of my much younger sister's is starting college in a couple weeks. I am so excited for her.	B: that ' s awesome ! i ' m sure she ' ll love it . what are you going to school for ?	A: I finished my education long ago! I studied marine biology, but my sister plans on pre-med.	B: that sounds like a lot of fun ! i hope she ' s able to do well in it .	A: I'm sure she will, thanks! She's a genius!	B: i bet she is ! it ' s always good to have a good support system in case things don ' t go your way .
IEVAL-001410	A: One of my much younger sister's is starting college in a couple weeks. I am so excited for her.	B: How old is she?	A: She just turned eighteen last week!	B: I am so sorry to hear that. How old is she?	A: She is eighteen, which is a fine age to be, with a life full of promise ahead of her!	B: I am so sorry to hear that. How old is she?
IEVAL-001411	A: One of my much younger sister's is starting college in a couple weeks. I am so excited for her.	B: that is awesome ! i bet that makes you feel great ! i am sure she will be a lot of fun 	A: She's already a lot of fun!  If she becomes more fun, I won't be able to keep up!	B: i am glad to hear that . 	A: Thanks. She really gets along great with everyone, it makes me jealous sometimes.	B: that is a good thing to have . i hope you get it . 
IEVAL-001412	A: I was turned down for a job I really thought I'd be a good fit at.	B: What kind of job was it?	A: It would have been director of marketing for an organic foods distributor.	B: What kind of food did you get?	A: I assume, had I got the job, that I would have had access to allsorts of organically produced goodies. Alas, that is not the case, making me sad.	B: Yeah, that's pretty cool. I'm glad you got the job.
IEVAL-001413	A: I was turned down for a job I really thought I'd be a good fit at.	B: i ' m sorry to hear that . what kind of job do you want to work for now ?	A: I would like to find something similar, director of marketing for an organic foods distributor. Or anything to do with organic foods marketing, really.	B: that ' s a great idea . i hope you find a good job . it ' s hard to find good jobs these days .	A: You're not kidding! I still have hope that something will come along, though!	B: i hope so too . i wish you the best of luck . you ' ll get there one day .
IEVAL-001414	A: I was turned down for a job I really thought I'd be a good fit at.	B: What kind of job is it?	A: I was to be marketing director at an organic foods distributor.	B: That sounds like a great job. What kind of job is it?	A: Yes, it would have been great, if I had gotten it! Director of marketing, getting the company name out there kind of thing.	B: That sounds like a great job. I hope you get it!
IEVAL-001415	A: I was turned down for a job I really thought I'd be a good fit at.	B: that is good . i am sure you will do it . 	A: Yes, maybe I will be able to find another job, directing marketing for an organic foods distributor, but I do not hold out any real hope.	B: oh that is awesome ! i am sorry to hear about that , it is a great feeling . 	A: My emotions are in turmoil, but I suppose that I should still hold out hope...	B: i know , it is a very nice thing to have to be able to do that . i am sorry to hear that . 
IEVAL-001416	A: I saw these 4-color Bic pens in the store the other day. I remember when I was young and getting one was like Christmas morning!	B: What did you do with them?	A: I just used them to write and draw.	B: What did you do with them?	A: I just told you i used them to write and draw._x000D_	B: That sounds like a smart move.
IEVAL-001417	A: I saw these 4-color Bic pens in the store the other day. I remember when I was young and getting one was like Christmas morning!	B: that ' s awesome ! i love bic pens , they ' re my favorite . what color was it ?	A: They were black.	B: i love black , it ' s my favorite color . what ' s your favorite color to use ?	A: I like using black the most because it's nice to write with.	B: i agree , i like the color black because it reminds me of summer time . do you have a favorite color ?
IEVAL-001418	A: I saw these 4-color Bic pens in the store the other day. I remember when I was young and getting one was like Christmas morning!	B: That sounds like a lot of fun!	A: It was really nostalgic for me to see those pens.	B: That sounds like a lot of fun!	A: I wouldn't call it fun. Just nostalgic!_x000D_	B: That sounds like a lot of fun! What did you do with them?
IEVAL-001419	A: I saw these 4-color Bic pens in the store the other day. I remember when I was young and getting one was like Christmas morning!	B: i love my dad used to do the same . what did you have to do it ? 	A: I mainly used them to draw and write.	B: that is great , what did you get to ? 	A: What do you mean?_x000D_	B: me too . i do not think about it 
IEVAL-001420	A: I was walking down the street at night, I felt like I was surrounded by something unseen.	B: Oh no, what was it?	A: I don't know! I just felt like there were eyes on me.	B: What was it?	A: It could've been anything. It was too dark to see.	B: What was it?
IEVAL-001421	A: I was walking down the street at night, I felt like I was surrounded by something unseen.	B: that ' s scary ! what did you do ? did you feel like you were going to die ?	A: I just ran away as fast as possible. No, i did not feel that i was going to die.	B: i ' m glad you didn ' t have to deal with that . i hope you ' re okay .	A: Yes, i'm fine. Just a little shaken up!	B: i know what you mean . i ' ve had that happen to me a few times as well .
IEVAL-001422	A: I was walking down the street at night, I felt like I was surrounded by something unseen.	B: what did you do?	A: I just tried to walk faster so i could get home.	B: I'm so sorry to hear that. Did you get hurt?	A: No! Thankfully i was fine but it was a scary experience.	B: Oh no! I'm so sorry to hear that. Did you get hurt?
IEVAL-001423	A: I was walking down the street at night, I felt like I was surrounded by something unseen.	B: that was really scary ! what happened ? 	A: I was just walking and i felt like there was someone watching me.	B: oh no , that is awful , i have had to deal with that . what did you have to replace ? i hope you have a good thing to do 	A: I did not replace anything. I just left the area.	B: i am sorry , how did you do ? 
IEVAL-001424	A: We took our son to the doctor and luckily he is getting better!	B: How old is he?	A: He is 8 years old. 	B: How old is he?	A: He is 8 like I just said. 	B: How old is he?
IEVAL-001425	A: We took our son to the doctor and luckily he is getting better!	B: that ' s great to hear . i ' m glad he ' s getting better . how old is he ?	A: He is eight years old. 	B: that is a long time to grow up . i hope he continues to get better as he gets older .	A: I hope so too! I am optimistic about his recovery at this point! 	B: i hope everything works out for him . it ' s always good to have a good support system .
IEVAL-001426	A: We took our son to the doctor and luckily he is getting better!	B: That's great! How old is he?	A: He is eight years old. 	B: How old is he?	A: Eight years old. 8. 	B: How old is he?
IEVAL-001427	A: We took our son to the doctor and luckily he is getting better!	B: oh wow that is a nice thing ! i am glad you found your new one ! 	A: Found my new what? 	B: what happened ? 	A: My son was sick but not as sick as we originally thought. 	B: oh no ! that is awful , what happened ? 
IEVAL-001428	A: i have always felt really guilty about lying to my parents	B: Why did you lie to your parents?	A: The thing is, I didn’t lie very much. I told white lies. That’s mostly it. 	B: What did you lie about?	A: I remember the first white lie I told was that I brushed my teeth when I really didn’t. And I felt terrible about it! 	B: Well, at least you didn't lie about it.
IEVAL-001429	A: i have always felt really guilty about lying to my parents	B: i ' m sorry to hear that . what did they do to you to make you feel that way ?	A: All they ever really did was treat me with love and kindness! If they were bad parents I wouldn’t feel guilty about lying! 	B: that ' s a good way to look at it . i don ' t blame you for feeling that way .	A: I was spoiled as a child and my parents were amazing . I wish I could go back to being a kid. 	B: i know what you mean . i feel the same way about my parents . they were the best .
IEVAL-001430	A: i have always felt really guilty about lying to my parents	B: Why did you lie to them?	A: I was a kid and all kids lie at some point. 	B: Why did you lie to them?	A: I wanted them to think I was a good kid. 	B: Why did you lie to them?
IEVAL-001431	A: i have always felt really guilty about lying to my parents	B: i am sorry to hear that . what is your favorite part of being alone ? 	A: I’m talking about lying. I never liked lying to my parents. I felt guilty and worried every time. Like they just know. 	B: i hope you get it all that much . 	A: What are you talking about	B: i agree . what is the name of the book ? 
IEVAL-001432	A: My daughter was accepted into Harvard! She starts in the fall.	B: Wow! How old is she?	A: 16! I am so proud!	B: Wow! You must be so proud!	A: I am, she is so young, but super smart._x000D_	B: I bet she is! I am so happy for you!
IEVAL-001433	A: My daughter was accepted into Harvard! She starts in the fall.	B: that ' s awesome ! i bet she ' s going to have a great time . what are you going to school for ?	A: I was looking into to Law also, but not Harvard!_x000D_	B: what do you plan to do with your degree ? i ' m not sure what i want to do yet .	A: I want to do Elder Care Law. I am so proud of my girl though!_x000D_	B: do you think you ' ll be able to get a job in the field you want to go into ?
IEVAL-001434	A: My daughter was accepted into Harvard! She starts in the fall.	B: That's awesome! How old is she?	A: She's only 16, but super smart! I can't believe she did it!	B: That's awesome! You must be so proud of her!	A: I can't tell you how proud of her I really feel. I'm bursting with it!	B: That's awesome! You must be so proud of her!
IEVAL-001435	A: My daughter was accepted into Harvard! She starts in the fall.	B: wow that is a long time ! i am glad she was going to be a great parent . i hope she 's a good parent ! 	A: Parent? She's going to be a Lawyer._x000D_	B: oh that is a shame ! how long have you been married for you ? 	A: What are you talking about? I wanted to tell you how proud I am of her.	B: that is great , how long have you two been together ? 
IEVAL-001436	A: My family dragged me along to visit an underground cave recently, I was pretty nervous.	B: What did you do with it?	A: escaped.	B: What did you do with it?	A: Left.	B: What did you do with it?
IEVAL-001437	A: My family dragged me along to visit an underground cave recently, I was pretty nervous.	B: oh wow , that sounds scary ! did you get to see any of the cool stuff in the cave ?	A: I did! Some old bones were pretty cool.	B: that ' s really cool ! i ' m glad you were able to see some of the stuff !	A: I was neat!_x000D_	B: do you have any hobbies ? i ' ve always wanted to go to a cave with my family .
IEVAL-001438	A: My family dragged me along to visit an underground cave recently, I was pretty nervous.	B: Oh no, what happened?	A: I got really apprehensive about it!	B: Oh no, what happened?	A: I was afraid of getting stuck.	B: Oh no, what happened?
IEVAL-001439	A: My family dragged me along to visit an underground cave recently, I was pretty nervous.	B: i bet that was fun ! did you have any plans to do it again ? 	A: Heck no! I was so scared!	B: what happened ? 	A: It's a tiny little place. I got stuck!_x000D_	B: that is so gross ! i am sorry to hear that . i hope you get it fixed . 
IEVAL-001440	A: I got a call about job with a good company that is in my line of work.	B: That's great! What kind of job is it?	A: It involves computers.  I love working on them and this job is all about that.  Im hopeful and excited about the opportunity.	B: That's great! What kind of job is it?	A: It has to do with working on computers.	B: That's awesome.  I'm happy for you!
IEVAL-001441	A: I got a call about job with a good company that is in my line of work.	B: that ' s great ! i ' m happy for you . what kind of work do you do ?	A: I work on computers, its a tech job.	B: that sounds like a lot of fun . i bet you ' ll be great at it . good luck !	A: Thanks, I think I would be good at it as well.	B: i wish you the best of luck . i hope you get the job you ' re looking for .
IEVAL-001442	A: I got a call about job with a good company that is in my line of work.	B: What kind of job is it?	A: It has to do with working on computers.	B: I'm sorry to hear that. I hope it works out for you.	A: No its a good thing - I am hoping to get the job.	B: I hope it works out for you. I hope you get it.
IEVAL-001443	A: I got a call about job with a good company that is in my line of work.	B: oh , well , i am sorry to have that for you . i have a job who is going to be in a position ? 	A: Thank you but I already have a call from a company for a job	B: i am sorry , that is the same thing . i hope you do not get the job . 	A: Well Im sorry that I upset you	B: why ? 
IEVAL-001444	A: I was furious when my friend made fun of me in front of random strangers.	B: Did he make fun of you?	A: Yes in front of a bunch of strangers	B: Did he make fun of you?	A: Yes, I fell down and he made fun of me	B: That sounds like a lot of fun. I'm glad he made fun of you.
IEVAL-001445	A: I was furious when my friend made fun of me in front of random strangers.	B: i ' m sorry to hear that . why did they make fun of you ? did you confront them about it ?	A: I tripped over my untied shoe	B: oh no ! that ' s terrible . i hope you ' re able to talk to your friend about it .	A: I did and told him I was upset	B: it ' s good to have a friend you can talk to . i wish you the best of luck .
IEVAL-001446	A: I was furious when my friend made fun of me in front of random strangers.	B: Why did you do that?	A: I was upset that he made fun of me for falling down	B: Why did you do that?	A: As I said I was upset at him for making fun of me - in front of other people	B: Why did you do that?
IEVAL-001447	A: I was furious when my friend made fun of me in front of random strangers.	B: that sounds awful ! did you get any trouble ? 	A: No but it was not a very nice thing that he did	B: i am sorry to hear that . how long have you been there ? 	A: I was only there a few minutes	B: that is good , what did you do to do it ? 
IEVAL-001448	A: My wife wasn't feeling so well, so I took care of her and made her some soup <3	B: That sounds so good!	A: Yeah, she seemed to enjoy it. It really soother her throat.	B: That sounds so good! I'm glad she was feeling better!	A: Yeah so am I, I was a little worried there for a bit.	B: I bet you were! I'm glad she was feeling better!
IEVAL-001449	A: My wife wasn't feeling so well, so I took care of her and made her some soup <3	B: that ' s nice of you . i ' m sure she ' s feeling better . what kind of soup did you make ?	A: I made chicken noodle, it's a classic for colds.	B: that sounds delicious ! i ' ll have to try that sometime . do you have a favorite soup ?	A: My favorite soup is probably clam chowder, really good stuff.	B: i ' ve never heard of that . i will have to look it up . thanks for the tip !
IEVAL-001450	A: My wife wasn't feeling so well, so I took care of her and made her some soup <3	B: What kind of soup did she make?	A: I made the soup, it was chicken noodle.	B: What kind of soup did she make?	A: I don't think she made any soup.	B: I am so sorry to hear that. I hope she made it.
IEVAL-001451	A: My wife wasn't feeling so well, so I took care of her and made her some soup <3	B: wow ! that is a very nice feeling ! i bet you feel so lonely . 	A: I don't feel lonely, my wife is still here she isn't dead.	B: i am sorry to hear that . i hope you get a good relationship with your friend ! 	A: I think I have a pretty good relationship with my wife.	B: that is great . how long have you two been together ? 
IEVAL-001452	A: I was travelling 14 hours internationally. First flight got delayed and the airline would not apologize and provide altenative	B: Did you have a good flight?	A: I did not, I was passed out for most of it and I hate sleeping on flights.	B: That sounds like a lot of fun.	A: What about that sounds like fun, I have a crick in my neck and a sore back now.	B: That sounds like a lot of fun.
IEVAL-001453	A: I was travelling 14 hours internationally. First flight got delayed and the airline would not apologize and provide altenative	B: wow , that ' s a long flight . i ' m sorry you had to go through that .	A: Yeah, it sucked. I'm never booking with those guys again.	B: i can ' t imagine having to deal with that . i hope you can get a refund .	A: I'm probably not going to try for a refund, just seems like too much hassle.	B: i can understand that . it ' s always a good idea to try to get your money back .
IEVAL-001454	A: I was travelling 14 hours internationally. First flight got delayed and the airline would not apologize and provide altenative	B: Oh no, what happened?	A: I just told you, my first flight got delayed and they didn't do anything about it.	B: Oh no, I'm sorry to hear that. I hope you had a good flight.	A: I hope I have a good flight too, I still haven't gotten on a flight yet.	B: I'm sorry to hear that. I hope you have a good flight.
IEVAL-001455	A: I was travelling 14 hours internationally. First flight got delayed and the airline would not apologize and provide altenative	B: that is a shame . i hope it is not too bad . did you get the trouble with your health and get some rest of the time . 	A: I got a bit of a sore neck and back since I had to sleep on the plane.	B: i am sorry to hear that . what did you do ? 	A: Just tried to soldier through it, I'm still pretty mad though.	B: i am sorry to hear about it . i hope you get the soon . 
IEVAL-001456	A: I have this knife that I carry everyday. My dad gave it to me before he died.	B: What kind of knife is it?	A: It's a small folding knife. 	B: What kind of knife is it?	A: It's a small knife, it fits in my pocket. 	B: What kind of knife is it?
IEVAL-001457	A: I have this knife that I carry everyday. My dad gave it to me before he died.	B: i ' m sorry to hear that . what kind of knife is it ? is it a pocket knife ?	A: Yes, it's a small pocket knife.	B: that ' s really nice of your dad to give you such a nice knife . i wish i had one of those .	A: Yeah, it's a nice memento. 	B: i ' ve never seen a memento before . what ' s it like to be a mementalist ?
IEVAL-001458	A: I have this knife that I carry everyday. My dad gave it to me before he died.	B: What kind of knife is it?	A: It's a small folding knife, he carried it everywhere too. 	B: I am so sorry to hear that. What kind of knife is it?	A: It's just a small folding knife. It fits in my pocket. 	B: I am so sorry to hear that. I hope he is okay.
IEVAL-001459	A: I have this knife that I carry everyday. My dad gave it to me before he died.	B: that is terrible . i am so sorry to hear that . 	A: Thank you. He was the best dad. 	B: that is a great attitude . 	A: Yeah, I remember him that way. 	B: i bet he is a great feeling . i have a friend who was young and i had to do that . 
IEVAL-001460	A: I think my cat likes my new girlfriend more than he likes me now.	B: What kind of cat does she like?	A: My girlfriend never had a cat before, but now she's my cat's favorite person!	B: That sounds like a great cat.	A: No, it's trying to make me jealous. It's a manipulative cat. 	B: That sounds like a great cat.
IEVAL-001461	A: I think my cat likes my new girlfriend more than he likes me now.	B: i ' m sorry to hear that . do you think it ' s the cat ' s fault ?	A: I think the cat just like that my girlfriend is new. But  I should be the one my cat likes. 	B: that ' s a good attitude to have . i wish you the best of luck in the future .	A: Thanks, I just want my cat to like me more than my girlfriend. 	B: i can understand that . i hope you ' re able to find a way to make it work .
IEVAL-001462	A: I think my cat likes my new girlfriend more than he likes me now.	B: What kind of cat does she like?	A: She likes black cats. 	B: I don't think she likes me either. I think she likes you too.	A: No, the cat and my girlfriend only like each other, I'm sure of it. 	B: What type of cat does she like?
IEVAL-001463	A: I think my cat likes my new girlfriend more than he likes me now.	B: oh , that is so sweet ! what kind of dog do you get ? 	A: My cat doesn't like me anymore. I wish it liked me still. 	B: i know that feeling . i hope you get a little one soon ! 	A: I hope my cat chooses me over my girlfriend.	B: that is a shame , i am glad it is a good thing . 
IEVAL-001464	A: My husband is the most faithful man I know	B: How long have you been married?	A: 15 wonderful years. 	B: 10 years. How long have you been married?	A: 15 faithful years. 	B: 10 years. How long have you been married?
IEVAL-001465	A: My husband is the most faithful man I know	B: i ' m sorry to hear that . how long has he been faithful to you and how long have you been together ?	A: We have been together 15 years. He's the best and has always been faithful. 	B: that ' s great to hear . it ' s always good to be faithful to someone you love .	A: I agree. Are you in love?_x000D_	B: do you think you are in love with the person you love or are you just in a relationship ?
IEVAL-001466	A: My husband is the most faithful man I know	B: How long have you two been together?	A: 15 incredible years. 	B: We have been together for a long time.	A: You and your partner?_x000D_	B: We have. We have been together for a long time.
IEVAL-001467	A: My husband is the most faithful man I know	B: that is great , i hope you have a lot of money . i am sure you are happy for him . 	A: It's not about the money. It's about his incredible dedication to me. 	B: i am sure you will do a lot . i hope he has a good relationship 	A: We have the best relationship.	B: that is a good feeling ! i hope you are doing a good relationship ! 
IEVAL-001468	A: I hate the sight of someone throwing up. My nephew did that the other and day and man.	B: What did he do?	A: He threw up everywhere. 	B: Did he throw up?	A: Yes. It was horrible. 	B: That's awful. I would be so proud of him.
IEVAL-001469	A: I hate the sight of someone throwing up. My nephew did that the other and day and man.	B: i ' m sorry to hear that . what did he do to make you feel better about it ?	A: Well he's a baby, so not much. 	B: that ' s too bad . i hope he gets better soon . i know it ' s hard .	A: It is. Thanks so much. 	B: you ' re welcome . i wish you the best of luck with the rest of your day . : )
IEVAL-001470	A: I hate the sight of someone throwing up. My nephew did that the other and day and man.	B: I am so sorry to hear that.  What did you do?	A: I started gagging and ran to get my sister. 	B: I am so sorry to hear that.  What did you do?	A: I had to help my sister clean my nephew. 	B: I'm so sorry to hear that.  I am so sorry that happened to you.
IEVAL-001471	A: I hate the sight of someone throwing up. My nephew did that the other and day and man.	B: oh , i see , i have had to be that . what is the dog about ? 	A: My nephew had too much sugar and then threw up everywhere. 	B: that is a pretty sad situation 	A: It really is. I felt bad for him. 	B: why did not you say anything ? 
IEVAL-001472	A: I just learned my first trick in ice skating, a triple spin twirl kick front flip.	B: That's awesome! What kind of trick was it?	A: It was a complicated triple spin kick front flip. It was amazing!	B: That's awesome! I'm glad you were able to do it!	A: Me too. I can't wait to try it again.	B: That's awesome! I'm glad you were able to do it!
IEVAL-001473	A: I just learned my first trick in ice skating, a triple spin twirl kick front flip.	B: that ' s pretty cool . i ' ve never tried ice skating . what ' s it like ?	A: It was amazing. I'm so happy!	B: i bet it ' s a lot of fun . i bet you ' re really good at it .	A: I never thought I would be this good. I have surprised myself.	B: how long have you been skating ? i ' d like to try ice skating when i grow up .
IEVAL-001474	A: I just learned my first trick in ice skating, a triple spin twirl kick front flip.	B: That's awesome! How did you do it?	A: It took a lot of practice and patience. 	B: That's awesome! How did you do it?	A: I spent a lot of time on the ice getting up the nerve to try it.	B: That's awesome! How did you do it?
IEVAL-001475	A: I just learned my first trick in ice skating, a triple spin twirl kick front flip.	B: oh that is a good thing ! 	A: It's a wonderful thing. I never thought I would be able to do it.	B: that is a nice thing 	A: I can't wait to try it again.	B: what are you doing to do ? 
IEVAL-001476	A: My father passed away about 2 1/2 years ago. It was totally unexpected and really was very traumatic and hurtful to me. He was still quite young and my family and I had no idea he had a life threatening health issue.	B: That is so sad.	A: It was very sad. I am still very affected by it.	B: That is good to hear.	A: I think about him all the time.	B: That is good to hear.
IEVAL-001477	A: My father passed away about 2 1/2 years ago. It was totally unexpected and really was very traumatic and hurtful to me. He was still quite young and my family and I had no idea he had a life threatening health issue.	B: i ' m so sorry to hear that . it ' s so hard to lose someone you love .	A: It's horrible. It is a difficult thing to go through.	B: i can ' t imagine what you must be going through . i hope you ' re doing okay .	A: I'm sure with time things will improve but it will never be the same._x000D_	B: i hope things get better for you and i hope that you have a good relationship with your family .
IEVAL-001478	A: My father passed away about 2 1/2 years ago. It was totally unexpected and really was very traumatic and hurtful to me. He was still quite young and my family and I had no idea he had a life threatening health issue.	B: I'm so sorry to hear that. I am so sorry for your loss.	A: Thank you. I still think about him.	B: I am so sorry to hear that. Thank you for your kind words.	A: You just never know how much time you have.	B: Thank you for your kind words. Thank you.
IEVAL-001479	A: My father passed away about 2 1/2 years ago. It was totally unexpected and really was very traumatic and hurtful to me. He was still quite young and my family and I had no idea he had a life threatening health issue.	B: i am sorry . that is a lot of hard times . i am sorry for that . i hope you find a new one . 	A: It's very hard losing someone like that.	B: that is good to hear ! what did you do for ? 	A: I still think about hime everyday.	B: that is so nice . what is your favorite thing ? 
IEVAL-001480	A: Have you ever heard a song on the radio and it just takes you back to a different time? Like an escape?	B: No, I haven't. What song is it?	A: Any song by Alan Jackson takes me back to my college days when I was young and dumb.	B: That sounds like a great song!	A: THey sure are! Oh what memories!	B: That sounds like a great song!
IEVAL-001481	A: Have you ever heard a song on the radio and it just takes you back to a different time? Like an escape?	B: no , i ' ve never heard of a song like that before . what ' s it about ?	A: I like anything by George Strait. They take me back to when I was young and dumb.	B: i ' ll have to check them out . i ' m not really a fan of rock music .	A: That's great, because George is country music!	B: i like country music , but i don ' t like it as much as rock or country music .
IEVAL-001482	A: Have you ever heard a song on the radio and it just takes you back to a different time? Like an escape?	B: No, I haven't. I've never heard of it.	A: It takes me back to a time when I was dumb and young.	B: What song was it?	A: "State Of Mind" by Clint Black. Very good song!	B: I've never heard of it. What song was it?
IEVAL-001483	A: Have you ever heard a song on the radio and it just takes you back to a different time? Like an escape?	B: i have a lot of movies 	A: Music is my thing. YOu've never had a song get you nostalgic before?	B: i am sorry . i have a good friends . 	A: Me too but what about the music?	B: that is a good thing to do 
IEVAL-001484	A: I am so angry to see so much fake news floating around in the media	B: What kind of news?	A: Fake news. News that is not factually accurate. I hate it!	B: I would be too! I would be very upset if I were you.	A: Oh you can bet I am. I just want real news. Nothing made up.	B: I would be too! I would be upset too if I were you!
IEVAL-001485	A: I am so angry to see so much fake news floating around in the media	B: why do you say that ? is it because it ' s fake news or because you don ' t like it ?	A: Both. Fake news is not news, it is fiction.	B: that ' s a good point . i ' m not a big fan of fake news , but i can understand why people do it .	A: I wish I could. I just want the real news and not something that's made up. 	B: i know what you mean . i wish more people would realize that fake news isn ' t real news .
IEVAL-001486	A: I am so angry to see so much fake news floating around in the media	B: Why do you say that?	A: Because I don't know who to trust to get accurate news.	B: Why do you say that?	A: I just want the real news without the fake aspect of it. 	B: I don't know. I just don't know what you are talking about.
IEVAL-001487	A: I am so angry to see so much fake news floating around in the media	B: that is a shame . i would n't have to deal with that . 	A: I don't want to have to deal with it, but who can you trust?_x000D_	B: i am sorry to hear that . i hope you feel better . 	A: I hope so too. Those news people reallly fire me up.	B: what did you have to do ? i am sure you will get a good trip ? 
IEVAL-001488	A: I love the holidays, that make think back to being a kid.	B: What makes you think back to being a kid?	A: The music, decorations, feelings about opening presents. Do you like the holidays?_x000D_	B: I do, but I don't know if it's a good thing or a bad thing. Maybe it's just a good thing to think back to being a kid.	A: yes, it's good and bad. What are your memories of the holidays?	B: I don't know. Maybe it's a good thing to think back to being a kid.
IEVAL-001489	A: I love the holidays, that make think back to being a kid.	B: i agree , it ' s a great time to spend with family and friends . what do you do for fun ?	A: We bake cookies, listen to christmas songs. What about you?	B: i like to play video games and spend time with my family . what kind of cookies do you bake ?	A: pecan, chocolate chip, yum!_x000D_	B: what is your favorite video game to play ? i ' ve never played video games , but i love video games .
IEVAL-001490	A: I love the holidays, that make think back to being a kid.	B: What makes you think back to being a kid?	A: the tree, music, family, you know that sort of thing	B: I know what you mean, it makes me think back to being a parent.	A: haha really, you're not a parent any longer?	B: No, I am not a parent. I just don't want to be a parent.
IEVAL-001491	A: I love the holidays, that make think back to being a kid.	B: i have always been a good time 	A: really? Why? I like the feelings from back then._x000D_	B: that is a shame . what happened ? 	A: good memories, being with family, that sort of thing.	B: it is nice to be a good memories of your memories . 
IEVAL-001492	A: I recently found out that the woman of my dreams like another. I am incredibly jealous of him.	B: Why is that?	A: because now he has my woman!	B: What are you going to do about it?	A: I don't know, suggestions?	B: What are you going to do about it?
IEVAL-001493	A: I recently found out that the woman of my dreams like another. I am incredibly jealous of him.	B: i ' m sorry to hear that . maybe you should talk to him about it and see what he thinks .	A: no, bad idea	B: i think it ' s a good idea . if he doesn ' t like it , he shouldn ' t be in a relationship .	A: but it's not my place_x000D_	B: i don ' t want to be with someone who does that to me . i ' d rather be alone .
IEVAL-001494	A: I recently found out that the woman of my dreams like another. I am incredibly jealous of him.	B: Why is that?	A: because I'm alone and he has the woman of my dreams_x000D_	B: I'm sorry to hear that. Have you talked to him about it?	A: no! why should I?	B: No, I haven't talked to him about it. I am so sorry to hear that.
IEVAL-001495	A: I recently found out that the woman of my dreams like another. I am incredibly jealous of him.	B: that is so sad . what do you do ? 	A: I will stalk her._x000D_	B: i have a few people who have a couple of relationship . 	A: what do they do about it?	B: i am not too 
IEVAL-001496	A: i feel like my girlfriend and i are soulmates.. i can never cheat on her	B: Why do you feel that way?	A: Because we get along very well	B: i am not sure what you are talking about, but i am happy for you.	A: I appreciate that, but I like her very much	B: I am sure you are happy for her, but you are very lucky to have someone like her.
IEVAL-001497	A: i feel like my girlfriend and i are soulmates.. i can never cheat on her	B: i ' m sorry to hear that . do you think you ' ll be able to break up with her ?	A: I do not want to do that. 	B: that ' s too bad . i hope you ' re able to find the right person for you .	A: I like her and don't want to end it. 	B: it ' s good that you like her . i wish you the best of luck in the future .
IEVAL-001498	A: i feel like my girlfriend and i are soulmates.. i can never cheat on her	B: I'm sorry to hear that. Have you talked to her about it?	A: There is nothing to be sorry for. We get along great	B: I'm sorry to hear that. Have you talked to her about it?	A: No, there is nothing to discuss about this situation	B: I'm sorry to hear that. Have you talked to her about it?
IEVAL-001499	A: i feel like my girlfriend and i are soulmates.. i can never cheat on her	B: that is a good thing to have to be in a relationship . it is a good thing to learn 	A: Absolutely. I feel that I am very lucky.	B: i am glad for you ! i am glad to hear that . i hope you have a good life . 	A: Thank you so much. That is very kind of you to say.	B: it is a nice thing to do 
IEVAL-001500	A: I saw a picture of a dog on reddit that looked a lot like mine so I called out the person saying it was a picture of my dog, but it turned out I was wrong.  Whoops.	B: That sounds like a lot of fun.	A: It was kind of confusing and I was embarrassed.	B: That sounds like a lot of fun.	A: Not exactly, I hope it does not happen again.	B: That sounds like a lot of fun.  I hope it doesn't happen again.
IEVAL-001501	A: I saw a picture of a dog on reddit that looked a lot like mine so I called out the person saying it was a picture of my dog, but it turned out I was wrong.  Whoops.	B: it happens to the best of us . i ' m sorry you had to deal with that . what kind of dog was it ?	A: It was a German Shepherd. A very beautiful dog.	B: i love german shepherds . i had one when i was a kid . they ' re great dogs .	A: Completely agree. They are great family dogs.	B: do you have any other dogs that you ' d like to get rid of ? i have a golden retriever .
IEVAL-001502	A: I saw a picture of a dog on reddit that looked a lot like mine so I called out the person saying it was a picture of my dog, but it turned out I was wrong.  Whoops.	B: What kind of dog was it?	A: It was a German Shepherd	B: What kind of dog was it?	A: German Shepherd	B: It was a German Shepherd.  I am so sorry to hear that.
IEVAL-001503	A: I saw a picture of a dog on reddit that looked a lot like mine so I called out the person saying it was a picture of my dog, but it turned out I was wrong.  Whoops.	B: that is a nice dog ! i hope you find a dog for me ! 	A: Haha that's a great idea	B: i love it when i have a kid 	A: That sounds nice	B: i love that feeling ! 
IEVAL-001504	A: Holding each of my children for the first time was amazing.	B: How many kids do you have?	A: I have two!	B: How many do you have?	A: I have two children!	B: Wow, that's amazing. You must be so proud of them.
IEVAL-001505	A: Holding each of my children for the first time was amazing.	B: that ' s awesome ! how many kids do you have ? i ' ve never had kids myself .	A: I have 2 kids!	B: congrats ! i ' m sure they ' re a lot of work , but so worth it .	A: They are, but yes so worth it!	B: what do you do for a living ? i don ' t have any kids myself , but i ' d like to someday .
IEVAL-001506	A: Holding each of my children for the first time was amazing.	B: What did you do with them?	A: I held them!	B: What did you do with them?	A: I held them close!	B: What did you do with them?
IEVAL-001507	A: Holding each of my children for the first time was amazing.	B: that sounds like a great time ! 	A: It was, so very special!	B: what happened ? 	A: I held them for the first time!	B: that is awesome , how long have you been ? 
IEVAL-001508	A: My boyfriend of five years and I broke up. I don't know what to do with my life.	B: How long have you been together?	A: Five years, it was kind of unexpected and I am so sad._x000D_	B: That's a long time. I'm happy for you.	A: Im not happy, we just broke up.	B: That's great. I'm glad you guys broke up.
IEVAL-001509	A: My boyfriend of five years and I broke up. I don't know what to do with my life.	B: i ' m sorry to hear that . do you think you ' ll be able to find someone else ?	A: I don;t really want anyone else	B: that ' s too bad . i wish you the best of luck . i hope you find someone new .	A: Thanks, for now I am just seeing how things go.	B: i know what you mean . it ' s hard to see how things are going , but it will get better .
IEVAL-001510	A: My boyfriend of five years and I broke up. I don't know what to do with my life.	B: I'm sorry to hear that. Have you talked to him about it?	A: I've reached out a few times, but I think it has only made things worse.	B: I'm sorry to hear that. Have you talked to him about it?	A: Yeah, but it has not gone anywhere.	B: I'm sorry to hear that. Have you talked to him about it?
IEVAL-001511	A: My boyfriend of five years and I broke up. I don't know what to do with my life.	B: i hope you get it . 	A: I hope so too, I miss my boyfriend so much_x000D_	B: i hope you have a great time to have to be in my life , so i am sorry to hear that . 	A: My boyfriend was everything to me!	B: i am sorry . how is that that you had a great time to do that . 
IEVAL-001512	A: I have been working and prepping a powerful and moving speech.	B: How long have you been working for?	A: about a month	B: How long have you been working for?	A: about a month	B: That is a long time. How long have you been working for?
IEVAL-001513	A: I have been working and prepping a powerful and moving speech.	B: that ' s great ! i ' m sure you ' ll do great ! what ' s the speech about ?	A: it's about equal rights_x000D_	B: what do you do for a living ? i ' ve been working on one for a while now .	A: i am a politician	B: that sounds like a lot of work . do you have any other hobbies besides being a politician ?
IEVAL-001514	A: I have been working and prepping a powerful and moving speech.	B: Good for you! I hope you have a great time!	A: thank you I'm very excited	B: Thank you! I hope you have a great time!	A: thank you	B: Thank you! I hope you have a great time!
IEVAL-001515	A: I have been working and prepping a powerful and moving speech.	B: that sounds like a good thing to do ! i hope you get it ! i am sure you are going to do 	A: thank you i'm a little nervous	B: i hope so , i hope you get the right one soon . 	A: me too	B: why is that ? 
IEVAL-001516	A: I found a salad in the back of my refrigerator that I forgot about. It smelled awful when I opened the container it was in.	B: What kind of salad was it?	A: it was a caprese salad	B: Oh no, that sounds awful. I hope it wasn't too expensive.	A: it cost soo much money it was upsetting	B: Oh no, that sounds awful. I hope it wasn't too expensive.
IEVAL-001517	A: I found a salad in the back of my refrigerator that I forgot about. It smelled awful when I opened the container it was in.	B: oh no ! i ' m sorry to hear that . i ' ve had that happen to me before .	A: What is the best way to dispose of it?	B: i would just put it back in the fridge and let it rest for a few days . it ' s not that big of a deal .	A: That's so gross I don't want rotten food in my fridge	B: yeah , i agree with you . i wouldn ' t even want to eat it if i were you .
IEVAL-001518	A: I found a salad in the back of my refrigerator that I forgot about. It smelled awful when I opened the container it was in.	B: Oh no! What did you do with it?	A: i threw it in the trash. it was all moldy	B: What did you do with it?	A: i threw it away	B: What did you do with it?
IEVAL-001519	A: I found a salad in the back of my refrigerator that I forgot about. It smelled awful when I opened the container it was in.	B: oh no , did they have a lot of embarrassing ! 	A: it was so gross I wanted to throw up_x000D_	B: oh no ! i am sorry to hear that . what was the name ? 	A: it was a trader joes salad_x000D_	B: that is nice to hear ! what did you do ? 
IEVAL-001520	A: I made sure everything was set and proper before i went abroad	B: How did it go?	A: Very well! I had a great trip and did not have to be worried about finances or things at home because I had prepared.	B: That sounds like a great trip!	A: Yes was much enjoyed.	B: That sounds like a great trip!
IEVAL-001521	A: I made sure everything was set and proper before i went abroad	B: that ' s a good thing to do . what did you do to make sure everything worked out ?	A: I made sure my finances were in order and had everything at home set up to be taken care of while I was gone.	B: i ' m glad you were able to do that . it ' s always good to be prepared .	A: I agree that is much better than not being prepared.	B: do you have any other hobbies that you like to do while you ' re at home ?
IEVAL-001522	A: I made sure everything was set and proper before i went abroad	B: That's great! What did you do?	A: I went to Europe and enjoyed the trip very much not having to worry about things at home because I was prepared.	B: That's great! Where did you go?	A: It was a European vacation trip.	B: Where did you go?
IEVAL-001523	A: I made sure everything was set and proper before i went abroad	B: that is a nice feeling . 	A: I had my finances in order and everything at home was taken care of while I was gone.	B: that is good , i hope you get a lot of work . 	A: That is a nonsensical response to what I said.	B: what is your favorite thing to be ? 
IEVAL-001524	A: it is really hard going to the hospital to visit my grandmother	B: How long have you been visiting her?	A: I visited one time last week.	B: How long have you been visiting her?	A: 1 week.	B: That is a long time. How long have you been visiting her?
IEVAL-001525	A: it is really hard going to the hospital to visit my grandmother	B: i ' m so sorry to hear that . i hope you ' re able to visit her soon .	A: I did visit her it was sad to see her and all the sick people there.	B: that ' s so sad . i can ' t imagine how hard that must have been for you .	A: Just depressing to see people suffering.	B: i know what you mean . it ' s hard to see someone suffering when they ' re so young .
IEVAL-001526	A: it is really hard going to the hospital to visit my grandmother	B: Why is that?	A: it is depressing to see her and all the other people there suffering.	B: I am so sorry to hear that. I hope everything works out for you.	A: Thanks it looks like she will be okay and be out of the hospital soon.	B: I am so sorry to hear that. I hope everything works out for her.
IEVAL-001527	A: it is really hard going to the hospital to visit my grandmother	B: oh , how long have you been together ? 	A: Since I was born since this is my grandmother.	B: oh that was a good thing . i am sorry to hear that . 	A: Your sorry to hear I have been with my grandmother since I was born? Are you wacked? You need to be reprogrammed. 	B: i am sorry to hear that . i bet that is a lot of fun 
IEVAL-001528	A: I was looking through old stuff in my basement and found my old baseball cards! Finding those was like being a kid all over again!	B: What kind of baseball card was it?	A: Rookie cards 	B: Oh wow! That must have been a lot of fun!	A: Yes we did so much games and had fun	B: I bet that was fun!
IEVAL-001529	A: I was looking through old stuff in my basement and found my old baseball cards! Finding those was like being a kid all over again!	B: that ' s awesome ! i ' m sure you ' ll find a lot of them in the future .	A: Well that is if I return them in the basement	B: do you have any of your favorite baseball cards ? i ' ve been collecting them since i was a kid .	A: Not exactly, I love them equally. 	B: what do you like to do for fun ? i like to go to the park and play baseball .
IEVAL-001530	A: I was looking through old stuff in my basement and found my old baseball cards! Finding those was like being a kid all over again!	B: What did you do with them?	A: I arranged them again and put them in a cleaner and organized place	B: What did you do with them?	A: I wiped the dust and kept them safer	B: What did you do with them?
IEVAL-001531	A: I was looking through old stuff in my basement and found my old baseball cards! Finding those was like being a kid all over again!	B: that is awesome , i love it 	A: The baseball cards although look very beat. 	B: that is a good thing to do 	A: I was playing with my bestfriends at home and we used to have a lot of fun. 	B: oh that is awful . did you find out who did it ? 
IEVAL-001532	A: My and some old friends from college recently got together. It's always great to see those guys again.	B: How long have you guys been together?	A: Since we were in college. 	B: That's a long time. How long have you guys been together?	A: It been more than 2 years now	B: That's a long time. It's been a long time for you guys.
IEVAL-001533	A: My and some old friends from college recently got together. It's always great to see those guys again.	B: that ' s great to hear . how long have you been friends with them , if you don ' t mind me asking ?	A: We have been friends since we were young and in college. 	B: i ' m glad to hear that . i ' ve been friends for a long time , too .	A: That is nice to hear. Have you seen your friends recently. 	B: i haven ' t seen them in a while , but i have seen them a couple of times .
IEVAL-001534	A: My and some old friends from college recently got together. It's always great to see those guys again.	B: How long have you guys been together?	A: It been more than two years now	B: How long have you guys been together?	A: It has been long enough. 	B: How long have you guys been together?
IEVAL-001535	A: My and some old friends from college recently got together. It's always great to see those guys again.	B: that is great ! how long have you been together ? 	A: It has been two years since we have been together. 	B: that is a nice way to be a good thing 	A: I don't understand.	B: what kind of test ? 
IEVAL-001536	A: I've been saving up for a new car for the past month and am making great progress!	B: That's great! What kind of car is it?	A: Hopefully a Honda or a Toyota.	B: That sounds like a great car!	A: Yeah, my mechanic recommended those two brands. Hopefully we'll find something soon!	B: That sounds like a great car!
IEVAL-001537	A: I've been saving up for a new car for the past month and am making great progress!	B: that ' s great ! what kind of car are you saving for ? i ' m saving for a car myself .	A: I'm looking for either a Honda or Toyota, probably a 4-door. What about you?	B: i don ' t have a car right now , but i ' d love to get a toyota .	A: Me too. One thing I don't want is a sun roof. I heard stories of them leaking. Any options you'd like/dislike in your car?	B: i would like to get something that doesn ' t require a lot of maintenance . it ' s been a while since i had a car .
IEVAL-001538	A: I've been saving up for a new car for the past month and am making great progress!	B: What kind of car is it?	A: Hopefully a Honda or a Toyota. And preferably a 4-door.	B: What kind of car is it?	A: I just said, hopefully a Honda or a Toyota.	B: I've never heard of it. I've never had a car like that in my life.
IEVAL-001539	A: I've been saving up for a new car for the past month and am making great progress!	B: that is great . i hope you are a great parent ! 	A: What does being a great parent have to do with saving up for a car? I'm trying to save to buy a new car.	B: that is awesome . what kind of car is it ? 	A: Hopefully a Honda or a Toyota.	B: that is a good thing to be able to pay for a new car ? 
IEVAL-001540	A: My two best friends are going on vacation next week and I won't have anyone else at work to goof off with.	B: That's great! Where are you going?	A: It's my friends that are going. I'll be stuck by myself going to work.	B: That's awesome! I'm sure you'll have a great time!	A: You're not understanding me. My friends are going on vacation without me. I'll be all alone working while they're having fun. I'm bummed.	B: That's awesome! I'm sure you'll have a great time!
IEVAL-001541	A: My two best friends are going on vacation next week and I won't have anyone else at work to goof off with.	B: i ' m sorry to hear that . i hope you guys have a good time and have fun !	A: But I'm not going with them. I'll be alone at work.	B: that ' s too bad . maybe you can meet up with some of your friends and go out with them ?	A: I can't. I have to work while my two besties are going on vacation. I'm bummed.	B: i am so sorry that you have to deal with that . hopefully you can find a way to make it work .
IEVAL-001542	A: My two best friends are going on vacation next week and I won't have anyone else at work to goof off with.	B: That sounds like a lot of fun. What are you going to do?	A: You didn't understand me, my friends are going on the vacation. I'll be stuck at work alone.	B: I'm sorry to hear that. I hope you have a good time.	A: How can I do that when I'm all by my lonesome? I'm bummed.	B: I'm sorry to hear that. I hope you have a good time.
IEVAL-001543	A: My two best friends are going on vacation next week and I won't have anyone else at work to goof off with.	B: that is a good thing to have . i am sorry to hear that . 	A: What's a good thing to have? I'm talking about being stuck alone going to work while my friends are having fun on vacation.	B: that is a good feeling . i am sorry for that . what is the trip to do 	A: I don't understand what you're saying. I'm really bummed about being all alone at work while my friends are vacationing. I feel so lonely.	B: that is good . how long have you been together ? 
IEVAL-001544	A: So i just got home and all of my friends were there for a birthday party i have no clue! can you imagine my reaction?	B: What kind of party was it?	A: 50th birthday party. Gave me a heart murmer but all good.	B: That sounds like a lot of fun!	A: It was!! We had a pinata shaped like a giant willy.	B: That sounds like a lot of fun!
IEVAL-001545	A: So i just got home and all of my friends were there for a birthday party i have no clue! can you imagine my reaction?	B: i sure can ! what did you do with all of them ? did you have a good time ?	A: I did! But I peed myself a little. Surprised me.	B: oh no ! i ' m sorry to hear that . i hope it wasn ' t too embarrassing .	A: All good. I spilled some wine on myself to cover it.	B: oh my goodness ! that ' s terrible ! i hope you didn ' t drink too much wine .
IEVAL-001546	A: So i just got home and all of my friends were there for a birthday party i have no clue! can you imagine my reaction?	B: Oh no! I'm so sorry to hear that. I hope you have a great time!	A: It was a blast!	B: Thank you! I hope you have a great time!	A: I did. Why did you tell me to thank you?	B: I didn't know what to expect. I hope you have a great time!
IEVAL-001547	A: So i just got home and all of my friends were there for a birthday party i have no clue! can you imagine my reaction?	B: that is awesome ! what did you guys get to ? 	A: Just a party at home. Drinks, food, cake, dancing, that stuff.	B: that is awesome ! how long have you been there ? 	A: At home? I live there.	B: i am sorry to hear that . what did you do ? 
IEVAL-001548	A: My husband woke up with his face swollen and a terrible toothache	B: Oh no! What happened?	A: He tried to eat an acorn. He loves squirrels.	B: Oh my goodness! That is so gross!	A: I don't know. He said it tasted ok. Just broke a tooth. I wish I could help him.	B: That is very kind of you. I am glad you are able to help him.
IEVAL-001549	A: My husband woke up with his face swollen and a terrible toothache	B: oh no ! i ' m sorry to hear that . i hope he ' s feeling better soon .	A: I hope so. The tooth is bleeding and kind of fizzy. I don't know how to help.	B: that ' s a bummer . hopefully he ' ll get better soon and you ' ll be able to take care of him .	A: But it's fizzy. I'm freaking out.	B: i hope everything works out for you and your husband . i wish you all the best in the future .
IEVAL-001550	A: My husband woke up with his face swollen and a terrible toothache	B: I am so sorry to hear that.	A: Do you think there's anything I can do for him? I wanted to help him out but I'm not sure what to do.	B: Oh no, I am so sorry to hear that. I hope he gets better soon.	A: I do too. This is really stressful for me. I just sit and do nothing and can't help.	B: I am so sorry to hear that. I hope he gets better soon.
IEVAL-001551	A: My husband woke up with his face swollen and a terrible toothache	B: i am sorry . i am sorry to hear that . i hope he is okay 	A: He said he got in a bar fight over a woman. I want to help him and smack him at the same time.	B: oh that stinks ! how did you find out ? 	A: He was drunk so I picked him up and the bouncer told me. I guess it isn't the end of the world. I wish I could fix the tooth, though.	B: i am sure he will be able to find a new phone . 
IEVAL-001552	A: It's been a great day so far! The sun is out and I'm on my second cup of coffee!	B: That sounds like a great day! What are you going to do with it?	A: I may go to happy hour bars. 	B: That sounds like a great day!	A: Are you coming?	B: Yes! That sounds like a great day!
IEVAL-001553	A: It's been a great day so far! The sun is out and I'm on my second cup of coffee!	B: that ' s great ! what kind of coffee do you like ? i like espresso myself .	A: I like regular dark.	B: i ' ve never tried dark coffee . i ' ll have to give it a try one day .	A: I would like to try espresso later.	B: do you have a favorite place to get it ? i ' d love to go to a coffee shop .
IEVAL-001554	A: It's been a great day so far! The sun is out and I'm on my second cup of coffee!	B: That sounds like a great day!	A: Yes.  I feel great!	B: That's great! I hope you have a great day!	A: You too	B: Thank you! I hope so too!
IEVAL-001555	A: It's been a great day so far! The sun is out and I'm on my second cup of coffee!	B: that sounds like fun 	A: Yes. How about you?	B: what is the best thing ? 	A: I completed my project on time. 	B: congrats ! that is awesome ! what did you do ? 
IEVAL-001556	A: Today when I was home alone I was snuggling with a stuffed bunny my ex got me, because I missed him. I feel so pathetic.	B: Why did you do that?	A: Nobody is better than him.	B: I don't know what you mean, but I'm glad you had a good relationship with him.	A: I mean that he is a kind person who I have met. I haven't meet someone like him. 	B: That is very nice of you to meet someone like him.
IEVAL-001557	A: Today when I was home alone I was snuggling with a stuffed bunny my ex got me, because I missed him. I feel so pathetic.	B: i ' m sorry to hear that . what did you do to make him feel better about it ?	A: I am hesitating to talk with him. 	B: that ' s a good idea . it ' s always good to talk to someone you can trust .	A: I don't want to talk with him right now	B: i can understand that . i hope you ' re able to find someone who will help you out .
IEVAL-001558	A: Today when I was home alone I was snuggling with a stuffed bunny my ex got me, because I missed him. I feel so pathetic.	B: Why did you do that?	A: I had treated me well when I felt lonely. 	B: Why did you do that?	A: Sorry. He had treated me well in the past and I missed him.	B: I'm sorry to hear that. I'm sorry you had to deal with that.
IEVAL-001559	A: Today when I was home alone I was snuggling with a stuffed bunny my ex got me, because I missed him. I feel so pathetic.	B: oh , i bet that was nice 	A: Are you kidding?	B: i agree with that , i have been there for me . i am sure you are doing better . 	A: Thanks 	B: that is good to hear . i am glad for you . 
IEVAL-001560	A: I went through a divorce last year, which caught me off guard financially, luckily my mom was able to help with some of the costs.	B: That's great, what did you do?	A: I had to get an attorney and had to pay twice as much for rent	B: That's great, what did you do?	A: Thankfully my mother was around and she loves me very much. She helped pay some of the costs	B: That's great, you must be very proud of her.
IEVAL-001561	A: I went through a divorce last year, which caught me off guard financially, luckily my mom was able to help with some of the costs.	B: i ' m sorry to hear that . i hope you ' re doing better now . what did she help with ?	A: She helped pay my rent and bought some groceries for me	B: that ' s nice of her . it ' s always nice to have someone to help you out .	A: It is very helpful. She's a wonderful person and I'm proud to call her mother	B: she sounds like a great person . i wish you the best of luck in your future endeavors .
IEVAL-001562	A: I went through a divorce last year, which caught me off guard financially, luckily my mom was able to help with some of the costs.	B: That's so nice of her. How did it go?	A: Things turned out ok but thanks to my mother it wasn't as stressful	B: I'm so sorry to hear that. I hope everything works out for you.	A: I can focus on myself and it's nice knowing my mother is around and willing to help	B: Thank you for your kind words. I hope everything works out for you.
IEVAL-001563	A: I went through a divorce last year, which caught me off guard financially, luckily my mom was able to help with some of the costs.	B: that was nice . did she have a good day ? 	A: Yes she seemed to enjoy helping me out with my life	B: that is great . i wish you all the best 	A: Thank you, you too	B: i love that feeling 
IEVAL-001564	A: I lost my mother to breast cancer several years ago and I am still grieving the loss.	B: Oh no, what happened?	A: She was diagnosed with cancer and struggled through treatment for a year	B: I am so sorry to hear that.	A: She died too young but she inspired me	B: I am so sorry to hear that.
IEVAL-001565	A: I lost my mother to breast cancer several years ago and I am still grieving the loss.	B: i ' m so sorry to hear that . i know how hard it is to lose a loved one .	A: Have you lost a loved one closer to you?	B: yes , i ' ve lost one close to me . it ' s hard to lose someone you love .	A: I agree. It's important to keep them alive in our memories.	B: i am so sorry for your loss . i hope you are able to find a way to cope .
IEVAL-001566	A: I lost my mother to breast cancer several years ago and I am still grieving the loss.	B: I am so sorry to hear that.	A: I appreciate your kind words. She was my mom and that can never be replaced.	B: I am so sorry to hear that.	A: Thanks again. Life is too short to be sad all the time, but some days are still very hard.	B: I am so sorry to hear that. I hope everything works out for you.
IEVAL-001567	A: I lost my mother to breast cancer several years ago and I am still grieving the loss.	B: that is a shame . i am sorry to hear that . 	A: Yes it was a few years ago and I still miss her very much	B: that is so sad . i have had to have a few days myself . i hope you have a great time . 	A: I hope you feel better soon too. It does get better as time passes	B: i know , it feels great to have to be a lot of work . 
IEVAL-001568	A: I'm so happy for my son, went to his graduation from Harvard last week.	B: That's awesome! How old is he?	A: He is 23.  And thank you so much!	B: That's awesome! I'm so happy for you!	A: It is a great accomplishment for him.  Our family is so proud!	B: That's great! I'm happy for you!
IEVAL-001569	A: I'm so happy for my son, went to his graduation from Harvard last week.	B: that ' s awesome ! i bet he ' s going to be a great parent to his son .	A: He will when he meets the right person.  But he graduated from Harvard.  Huge victory!	B: it ' s always a great feeling when you get to meet the right people . congrats to him !	A: Ok.  Thank you, I guess!	B: you ' re welcome . i wish you the best of luck with your son ' s graduation . i hope he has a great time .
IEVAL-001570	A: I'm so happy for my son, went to his graduation from Harvard last week.	B: That's great! How old is he?	A: He is 23.  It is very exciting!	B: I am so happy for him! I am so proud of him!	A: Thank you so much!  We are so proud of how hard he worked to accomplish this.	B: Thank you so much! I am so proud of him!
IEVAL-001571	A: I'm so happy for my son, went to his graduation from Harvard last week.	B: that is a great news . what is he ? 	A: What do you mean, what is he?	B: i agree . why do not he ? 	A: Not sure what you are saying.  Please help me to understand you.	B: i am sure you feel better now . 
IEVAL-001572	A: Someone broke into my apartment last week. I was not home at the time, but now I worry that they will come back.	B: Did you find out who it was?	A: No I haven't.  I filed a report, but the police don't have any leads.	B: Did you find out who it was?	A: No I did not.  I am a bit nervous about it.	B: That's good to hear. I am glad you found out who it was.
IEVAL-001573	A: Someone broke into my apartment last week. I was not home at the time, but now I worry that they will come back.	B: i ' m sorry to hear that . i hope they do come back , but i don ' t think they will .	A: Why would you hope they do come back?  That is extremely scary.	B: i hope you are able to find a way to get them back . it ' s very scary .	A: Well I doubt that I will be able to find them on my own.  You don't seem to be very sympathetic at all.  	B: i am not sure what you are trying to say . i am very sorry that happened to you .
IEVAL-001574	A: Someone broke into my apartment last week. I was not home at the time, but now I worry that they will come back.	B: I am sorry to hear that. Did you call the police?	A: I did, but they didn't seem to very concerned at all.  Makes me scared.	B: I am sorry to hear that. Did you call the police?	A: Again, yes I did.  However they took the report and told me to be on guard for a bit.	B: Oh no! I am so sorry to hear that. Did you call the police?
IEVAL-001575	A: Someone broke into my apartment last week. I was not home at the time, but now I worry that they will come back.	B: i am sorry to hear that . i hope you find a good friend ! 	A: Why do I need a good friend? I need the police.	B: what is your favorite thing to do . 	A: Right now that shouldn't matter at all.  I am scared about this.	B: i am sorry to hear that . what are you going to do ? 
IEVAL-001576	A: I actually recently applied for a few jobs myself, Crossing my fingers for something better than my current one.	B: That's great! What kind of jobs did you apply for?	A: Human resource	B: What kind of jobs did you apply for?	A: I applied for Human resource	B: What kind of jobs did you apply for?
IEVAL-001577	A: I actually recently applied for a few jobs myself, Crossing my fingers for something better than my current one.	B: i ' m sure you ' ll get it . what kind of job are you looking for now ?	A: Technician 	B: that ' s a good field to be in . i hope you get the job . good luck !	A: thank you	B: you ' re welcome . i wish you the best of luck with your job search . you deserve it .
IEVAL-001578	A: I actually recently applied for a few jobs myself, Crossing my fingers for something better than my current one.	B: That's great! What kind of job did you apply for?	A: I applied for Human resource	B: Oh, I am so happy for you! I hope you get it!	A: that is my wish to	B: Thank you! I am so happy for you! I hope you get it!
IEVAL-001579	A: I actually recently applied for a few jobs myself, Crossing my fingers for something better than my current one.	B: that is great . i hope you get the promotion . 	A: that is may wish 	B: that is a lot of thing . what is wrong ? 	A: sorry I meant my wish	B: why is that ? 
IEVAL-001580	A: I moved to a new apartment and they didn't accept my dog breed, so I had to give her up. :(	B: What kind of dog was it?	A: pomeranian dog	B: Awww, that sounds like a really good dog.	A: she is the best 	B: That sounds like a really good dog.
IEVAL-001581	A: I moved to a new apartment and they didn't accept my dog breed, so I had to give her up. :(	B: oh no ! i ' m sorry to hear that . what breed of dog do you have now ?	A: Pomeranian 	B: that ' s a cute breed . i ' ve never had a pomeranian , but i bet they ' re cute !	A: it is one of the cutest breed I know. I feel very sad to give it out 	B: don ' t feel too bad . it ' s hard to give up a dog , but you ' ll get over it .
IEVAL-001582	A: I moved to a new apartment and they didn't accept my dog breed, so I had to give her up. :(	B: Oh no! I'm so sorry to hear that. Did you find out who did it?	A: thanks but am talking about my dog	B: Oh no, I'm so sorry to hear that. I hope you find out who did it.	A: helloo	B: Thank you so much! I am so sorry to hear that. I hope you find out who did it.
IEVAL-001583	A: I moved to a new apartment and they didn't accept my dog breed, so I had to give her up. :(	B: that is good . i love cats , but i am sure it was a lot of care of her . 	A: I think you didn't get my point right Is a dog	B: that is terrible . what did he have to ? 	A: Am moving to a new apartment	B: that is great ! i hope you get the job ! 
IEVAL-001584	A: I feel so caring of my little sister	B: Why do you feel that way?	A: Because I love her.	B: Why do you feel that way?	A: Because she's my family. 	B: Why do you feel that way?
IEVAL-001585	A: I feel so caring of my little sister	B: that ' s nice of you to care so much about your little sister . how old is she ?	A: she's 10.	B: i ' m sure she ' ll grow up to be a great sister . it ' s good that you care about her .	A: thank you. 	B: you ' re welcome . i wish you the best of luck with the rest of your family . : )
IEVAL-001586	A: I feel so caring of my little sister	B: Why is that?	A: because I do.	B: Why is that?	A: she's sweet.	B: I am so sorry to hear that. Why is she so sweet?
IEVAL-001587	A: I feel so caring of my little sister	B: i am sorry to hear that . how long have you been together ? 	A: No, I was talking about my little sister.	B: i am sorry to that , how did you get to her ? 	A: what?	B: why ? 
IEVAL-001588	A: I bought a chocolate bar for my wife at the store, and I was going to give it to her, but I ended up eating it...I feel bad.	B: What kind of candy bar was it?	A: The good one. payday.	B: What kind of candy bar was it?	A: It was a chocolate payday candy bar. 	B: Oh wow! I bet that was a good one!
IEVAL-001589	A: I bought a chocolate bar for my wife at the store, and I was going to give it to her, but I ended up eating it...I feel bad.	B: don ' t feel bad , it happens to the best of us . i ' m sure she ' ll forgive you .	A: I sure hope so. 	B: i hope so too . it ' s always good to have a good relationship with someone you love .	A: Yes it is. Maybe I should have bought two.	B: that ' s a good idea . i wish i had a wife like that . maybe one day .
IEVAL-001590	A: I bought a chocolate bar for my wife at the store, and I was going to give it to her, but I ended up eating it...I feel bad.	B: Why did you do that?	A: I was hungry. 	B: Why did you do that?	A: I just told you, I was hungry. 	B: Why did you do that?
IEVAL-001591	A: I bought a chocolate bar for my wife at the store, and I was going to give it to her, but I ended up eating it...I feel bad.	B: i am sorry . that is a lot of money . 	A: It wasn't too much and it wasn't about the money.	B: oh no , i hope you find a new job . 	A: what?	B: what ? 
IEVAL-001592	A: My husband recently got me a great gift. He got me a beautiful 14 kt diamond ring! I had no idea he was.	B: That is so sweet of him!	A: i agree. it was such a great surprise	B: That is so sweet of him!	A: i love him so much_x000D_	B: That is so sweet of him!
IEVAL-001593	A: My husband recently got me a great gift. He got me a beautiful 14 kt diamond ring! I had no idea he was.	B: wow , that ' s a lot of gold ! i ' m sure he ' s proud of you .	A: he is great. i love him	B: i wish i had a husband like that . i don ' t know what i would do without him .	A: he is pretty great	B: it ' s good to have someone like that in your life . i wish you all the best .
IEVAL-001594	A: My husband recently got me a great gift. He got me a beautiful 14 kt diamond ring! I had no idea he was.	B: You must be so proud of him!	A: I am. he is really good to me	B: That's great! You must be so proud of him!	A: my husband is the best.	B: I am! I am so proud of him!
IEVAL-001595	A: My husband recently got me a great gift. He got me a beautiful 14 kt diamond ring! I had no idea he was.	B: that is a great surprise ! 	A: it was a great surprise i was so happy	B: i am sorry to hear that . what happened ? 	A: i did not expect a diamond ring. it was great	B: oh wow , that is a pretty good deal ! 
IEVAL-001596	A: I'm very annoyed because my friend didn't give me my money back	B: What did he give you back?	A: he did not give me anything back	B: What did he give you back?	A: he owes me money	B: What did he give you back?
IEVAL-001597	A: I'm very annoyed because my friend didn't give me my money back	B: i am sorry to hear that . did you talk to your friend about it ? maybe they will give you a refund .	A: i talked to them once and they said they were working on it	B: that ' s good to hear . i hope you can get your money back and get it back .	A: i hope so it is past the date we discussed to return it	B: i hope it all works out for you . it ' s hard to deal with people like that .
IEVAL-001598	A: I'm very annoyed because my friend didn't give me my money back	B: Why did he give you the money back?	A: he did not give it back he still owes the money	B: Why did he give you the money back?	A: i wish he would be a good friend and pay me back	B: Why did he give you the money back?
IEVAL-001599	A: I'm very annoyed because my friend didn't give me my money back	B: i hope he does not have to deal with it . 	A: i think he should respect me enough to return my money_x000D_	B: that is good , i hope you get a job 	A: what should i say to my friend that owes me money	B: i am sorry to hear that . what is your friend about ? 
IEVAL-001600	A: I was the first person to receive a pretigious award at my college after years of the award being on offer.	B: That's great! What was the award for?	A: High grades	B: That's awesome. You must be very proud of yourself.	A: I am but I don't want to seem too proud	B: That's great. You must be very proud of yourself.
IEVAL-001601	A: I was the first person to receive a pretigious award at my college after years of the award being on offer.	B: that ' s awesome ! what was the award for , if you don ' t mind me asking ?	A: Academics and athletics	B: i ' m glad it worked out for you . i hope you ' re doing well in the future .	A: Thank you, I'll try	B: i wish you the best of luck . i ' ve been in that position before , and it ' s very rewarding .
IEVAL-001602	A: I was the first person to receive a pretigious award at my college after years of the award being on offer.	B: That's awesome! How did it go?	A: It went well. I am happy.	B: That's great! How did it go?	A: As I said, it went well.	B: It went well! I hope it went well!
IEVAL-001603	A: I was the first person to receive a pretigious award at my college after years of the award being on offer.	B: that is great , how long have you been there ? 	A: About 4 years	B: that is a great feeling . i am sure you are proud . 	A: I am but I don't want to seem arrogant	B: that is good , i have no one who have to learn from that . 
IEVAL-001604	A: I was watching my dad's house last week and I heard some odd noises while I was there alone.	B: What kind of noises?	A: It sounded like footsteps	B: That sounds creepy	A: It was very creepy	B: That sounds creepy
IEVAL-001605	A: I was watching my dad's house last week and I heard some odd noises while I was there alone.	B: that must have been scary ! did you find out who it was ? did you call the police ?	A: I didn't find out and I didn't call the police	B: i ' m sorry to hear that . i hope you ' re able to get out of there .	A: Yes, everything turned out alright. 	B: that ' s good to hear . it ' s always good to have a safe place to stay .
IEVAL-001606	A: I was watching my dad's house last week and I heard some odd noises while I was there alone.	B: What was it?	A: I don't know, maybe nothing.	B: What was it?	A: Again, I don't know.	B: What was it?
IEVAL-001607	A: I was watching my dad's house last week and I heard some odd noises while I was there alone.	B: that is a shame . did you have to deal with your dad ? 	A: No, but I was afraid of an intruder	B: oh no , that is awful . i hope you have some time to get it . 	A: I didn't get anything, I was just afraid	B: what happened ? did you have ? 
IEVAL-001608	A: I am loyal to my principles, that is why I do not eat meat, because I love life	B: Why do you not eat meat?	A: I think meat is murder. 	B: Why do you not eat meat?	A: it's a personal choice. 	B: Why do you not eat meat?
IEVAL-001609	A: I am loyal to my principles, that is why I do not eat meat, because I love life	B: that ' s a good reason to be loyal to your principles . i don ' t eat meat either .	A: that's cool	B: do you have any other reasons for not eating meat other than the fact that you love your life ?	A: well, it' snot that I love my life, but I love life in general	B: that makes sense . i ' m glad you ' re happy with your life . it ' s important to love life .
IEVAL-001610	A: I am loyal to my principles, that is why I do not eat meat, because I love life	B: Why do you say that?	A: Because eating meat is murder. 	B: Why do you say that?	A: we shouldn't kill living animals.	B: Why do you say that?
IEVAL-001611	A: I am loyal to my principles, that is why I do not eat meat, because I love life	B: that is a good thing to do . i am sure you will do something to help them ? 	A: help who?	B: what kind of pet was it ? 	A: not sure what you're saying. 	B: i hope you have a good feeling ! what are you about doing that ? 
IEVAL-001612	A: I just got laid off from my job. I need the paycheck so this is not a good situation.	B: What are you going to do about it?	A: I don't know honestly	B: What are you going to do about it?	A: I really don't know	B: What are you going to do about it?
IEVAL-001613	A: I just got laid off from my job. I need the paycheck so this is not a good situation.	B: oh no , i ' m so sorry to hear that . i hope you find a new job soon .	A: me too.	B: what kind of job are you looking for ? maybe you can get a job at a retail store .	A: I just want anything at this point. 	B: i know what you mean . it ' s hard to find a job when you ' re unemployed .
IEVAL-001614	A: I just got laid off from my job. I need the paycheck so this is not a good situation.	B: I'm sorry to hear that. What kind of job is it?	A: I used to work as a software analyst.	B: I'm sorry to hear that. I hope it works out for you.	A: Thanks	B: Thank you. I hope it works out for you.
IEVAL-001615	A: I just got laid off from my job. I need the paycheck so this is not a good situation.	B: that is good , i am glad you have that a lot of hard work ! 	A: what the. 	B: i am sorry , what happened ? 	A: I got laid off. 	B: that is a good feeling . i hope you get the job . 
IEVAL-001616	A: I went for a job interview, and it seemed to go pretty well.	B: What kind of job was it?	A: It's an IT position.	B: That's awesome, what kind of job was it?	A: An Information Technology position, like I just said.	B: That's awesome, I'm glad it worked out for you!
IEVAL-001617	A: I went for a job interview, and it seemed to go pretty well.	B: that ' s great to hear . what kind of job did you apply for ? did you get the job ?	A: I haven't heard back yet, but it's an IT position.	B: i ' m sure you ' ll get it . i ' ve always wanted to work in it .	A: You should interview for one too. I'm really hopeful about this!	B: i ' ll try to get back to you when i hear back . i hope you get it !
IEVAL-001618	A: I went for a job interview, and it seemed to go pretty well.	B: What kind of job is it?	A: It's an IT job.	B: What kind of job is it?	A: An IT job, I just said. Information Technology.	B: What kind of job is it?
IEVAL-001619	A: I went for a job interview, and it seemed to go pretty well.	B: that is a good attitude . i am sure you will be fine . 	A: I hope they hire me.	B: that is a good attitude to have . i hope you get a new job ? 	A: Thanks! So do I.	B: you must be so happy ! 
IEVAL-001620	A: My aunt recently passed away after a long battle with Alzheimer's disease.	B: That is so sad. How did she pass away?	A: It was a natural death, but it was hard to watch her deteriorate from Alzheimer's.	B: That is so sad.	A: I know. It hurts my heart every day.	B: That is so sad.
IEVAL-001621	A: My aunt recently passed away after a long battle with Alzheimer's disease.	B: oh no , i ' m so sorry to hear that . i hope she ' s doing better now .	A: I said she passed away. She's not going to get better.	B: i can ' t imagine how hard it must be to lose a loved one . i am so sorry for your loss .	A: Thanks. It's really hard some days, and I cry when think about her a lot.	B: i know what you mean . it can be hard to lose loved ones , but it gets better .
IEVAL-001622	A: My aunt recently passed away after a long battle with Alzheimer's disease.	B: I am so sorry to hear that.	A: Thanks. I'm sorry it happened. I miss her.	B: I am so sorry to hear that. I hope everything works out for you.	A: I'm still trying to heal from it.	B: Thank you for your kind words. I hope everything works out for you.
IEVAL-001623	A: My aunt recently passed away after a long battle with Alzheimer's disease.	B: i am sorry , i know that feeling , but i know how you feel . i am sorry to hear that . 	A: Thanks. It's really hard to get through a day without crying when I think about her.	B: i am sorry , it is a good thing to be able to help you out with the doctor ? 	A: I don't think I need a doctor, just some emotional support.	B: that is great , what are the most important thing ? 
IEVAL-001624	A: I think that I will do good on my test.	B: What kind of test is it?	A: It is a graphic design test	B: What kind of test is it?	A: A test in my graphic design class	B: What kind of test is it?
IEVAL-001625	A: I think that I will do good on my test.	B: i ' m sure you ' ll do great ! i hope you do well on it . what are you studying ?	A: graphic design	B: that ' s cool . i ' ve always wanted to be a graphic designer . what kind of work do you do ?	A: I want to design posters and billboards	B: that sounds like a lot of fun . i wish you the best of luck on your test . i hope it goes well .
IEVAL-001626	A: I think that I will do good on my test.	B: What kind of test is it?	A: graphic design	B: I think I will do well on it.	A: do you like graphic design too?	B: I do, I think I will do well on it.
IEVAL-001627	A: I think that I will do good on my test.	B: that is great ! what did you do ? 	A: I've been studying for my graphic design test	B: i bet you are a great parent . 	A: No I am a student	B: oh that is a good feeling . i am sure that is a good feeling . 
IEVAL-001628	A: My brother got a nice new toyota 4runner for his first car! I'm lowkey kind of mad at him for it.	B: You must be so proud of him!	A: Maybe just a little.	B: I would be too! I would be so proud of him!	A: I more mad because he gets a new car as his first car.	B: I would be too! I would be so proud of him!
IEVAL-001629	A: My brother got a nice new toyota 4runner for his first car! I'm lowkey kind of mad at him for it.	B: wow , that ' s pretty cool . what kind of car did he get ? did he like it ?	A: A 4runner and it is super nice. I can't believe my parents haven't ever bought me one._x000D_	B: yeah , i don ' t know what i would do without my brother . he ' s my best friend .	A: That is nice to hear. My brother is in love with his new car. I don't blame him though cause it is awesome.	B: yeah , it ' s nice to have someone in your life that you can talk to about it .
IEVAL-001630	A: My brother got a nice new toyota 4runner for his first car! I'm lowkey kind of mad at him for it.	B: What kind of car is it?	A: It is a Toyota 4Runner.	B: What color is it?	A: It is black and so nice.	B: I don't know. I've never had a car like that in my life.
IEVAL-001631	A: My brother got a nice new toyota 4runner for his first car! I'm lowkey kind of mad at him for it.	B: oh no , how did that happen ? 	A: I guess my parents just like him better. 	B: i am sure you are a good parent . how old is your son ? 	A: I'm his sister. He is 19.	B: i am sorry . i hope you get a little bit . 
IEVAL-001632	A: Every day I thank God for my blessings. I'd be in hole right now if it weren't for HIM	B: What happened?	A: Ive had a series of situations that couldve turned out badly for me.	B: What kind of things did you have?	A: There have been accidents as well as being in the wrong place at the wrong time. 	B: I don't know what you mean, but I'm glad you are in the right place.
IEVAL-001633	A: Every day I thank God for my blessings. I'd be in hole right now if it weren't for HIM	B: i ' m sorry to hear that . it ' s always good to be thankful for the good things in life .	A: Yes, I am very grateful to Jesus. 	B: that ' s good to hear . he ' s the son of god , after all , right ?	A: Yes, the one and only. He never turns his back on us. 	B: i ' ve heard that before . i don ' t know how true it is , but it sounds like it .
IEVAL-001634	A: Every day I thank God for my blessings. I'd be in hole right now if it weren't for HIM	B: How long have you been together?	A: I have known Christ as my savior for 9 years. 	B: That's a long time. How long have you been together?	A: Its not too long at all since it is a lifetime commitment. 	B: That's a long time. How long have you been together?
IEVAL-001635	A: Every day I thank God for my blessings. I'd be in hole right now if it weren't for HIM	B: it is nice to have a great time . 	A: Yes, we all deserve to have a great time in life.	B: that is good to have a good life 	A: To me it is the ultimate to go through life and have it be great.	B: that is great ! what are your favorite thing ? 
IEVAL-001636	A: I recently went to the pool and lost my suit. My trunks were in the water without me!	B: Did you go to the pool?	A: Yes, that is how I lost them.	B: That sounds like a lot of fun!	A: No, losing my trunks was not fun.	B: That sounds like a lot of fun!
IEVAL-001637	A: I recently went to the pool and lost my suit. My trunks were in the water without me!	B: oh no ! i ' m so sorry to hear that . did you find out who did it ?	A: No, I am not sure how it happened. 	B: that ' s too bad . i hope you found out who it was and that it wasn ' t your trunks .	A: I am sure if I ask around I can get to the bottom of it. 	B: that would be a good idea . it ' s a shame that you lost your trunks , though .
IEVAL-001638	A: I recently went to the pool and lost my suit. My trunks were in the water without me!	B: Oh no! I am so sorry to hear that.	A: I love those trunks too as they were a gift to me. 	B: Oh no, I am so sorry to hear that. I hope you had a good time!	A: Despite what happened, I did have a good time. 	B: Thank you! I hope you had a great time!
IEVAL-001639	A: I recently went to the pool and lost my suit. My trunks were in the water without me!	B: oh my gosh that is a relief , i am glad you were able to find the car ! 	A: I did not lose my car though.	B: that is not good ! i am sure your car is not a bad thing . 	A: I just said it was nit lost and nothing is wrong with it. 	B: oh no ! i am sorry to hear that . what happened to your doctor ? 
IEVAL-001640	A: My wife bought me a new watch for my birthday! She is such a sweetheart.	B: That is so nice of her!	A: I know, I feel like the luckiest man alive!	B: That is so nice of her!	A: It's a brand new Rolex, I was so surprised! 	B: That is so nice of her! I am happy for you!
IEVAL-001641	A: My wife bought me a new watch for my birthday! She is such a sweetheart.	B: that ' s so sweet of her ! what kind of watch is it , and what is it ?	A: It's a brand new Rolex, a Submariner! I love it!	B: i love rolexes ! they ' re my favorite . what ' s the name of the watch ?	A: It is a Submariner, I believe.	B: i love submariners ! i have a tissot myself . what is your favorite color ?
IEVAL-001642	A: My wife bought me a new watch for my birthday! She is such a sweetheart.	B: What kind of watch is it?	A: It is a Rolex! I'm pretty excited about it!	B: What kind of watch is it?	A: A Rolex, and more specifically a Submariner. My favorite!	B: What color is it?
IEVAL-001643	A: My wife bought me a new watch for my birthday! She is such a sweetheart.	B: that is nice . what did you guys get ? 	A: She got a Patek for me, I was blown away!	B: that is great , how many are they ? 	A: Just one haha, but that's more than enough for me!	B: oh no . that sounds like fun . i have a friend who is going on a lot of people . i am sure you are . 
IEVAL-001644	A: I broke up with my boyfriend last week, and nothing is the same without him.	B: Why did you break up with him?	A: Thing's just weren't working out. We drifted apart. 	B: Why did you break up with him?	A: We no longer saw eye to eye, I guess we both changed. 	B: Why did you break up with him?
IEVAL-001645	A: I broke up with my boyfriend last week, and nothing is the same without him.	B: i ' m sorry to hear that . how long did it take for you to get back together ?	A: We haven't gotten back together, and likely won't. 	B: that ' s too bad . i hope you ' re able to find a way to make it work .	A: I think it's for the best, honestly. 	B: i hope it works out for you . i know how hard it is to break up with someone .
IEVAL-001646	A: I broke up with my boyfriend last week, and nothing is the same without him.	B: Why did you break up with him?	A: We just didn't have the spark anymore, it wasn't the same. 	B: Why did you break up with him?	A: I guess I no longer loved him. 	B: Why did you break up with him?
IEVAL-001647	A: I broke up with my boyfriend last week, and nothing is the same without him.	B: i am sorry to hear that . i hope you get it . 	A: We were just drifting apart, and we didn't feel the same way that we used to. 	B: that is really nice to hear . i bet you feel so bad . 	A: Yes, I am heartbroken right now. 	B: that is sad , i am sorry . i am sorry for you loss . 
IEVAL-001648	A: I just ordered a new cookery book and am eagerly awaiting its arrival. I want to delve in and try lots of new recipes!	B: What kind of dish is it?	A: Well I want to find something with beef first.	B: That sounds like a good recipe.	A: Beef always is. I think I will try to find a good casserole to try.	B: That sounds delicious! I'm sure you will find a good casserole.
IEVAL-001649	A: I just ordered a new cookery book and am eagerly awaiting its arrival. I want to delve in and try lots of new recipes!	B: that sounds like a lot of fun ! i ' m sure you ' ll have a great time !	A: Oh i hope so! I can't wait to see what all pasta recipes i can find.	B: that ' s a great idea ! i wish i had more time to cook , but i ' ve been busy with school .	A: You should make the time. Cooking is a wonderful way to be creative and relax!	B: i agree ! it ' s also a great way to spend time with family , friends , and family .
IEVAL-001650	A: I just ordered a new cookery book and am eagerly awaiting its arrival. I want to delve in and try lots of new recipes!	B: That sounds like a good idea. What kind of recipes do you like?	A: I love deserts the most. I want to try a new chocolate cake recipe.	B: That sounds like a good idea. What kind of recipe is it?	A: I don't know yet. i need to look but definitely chocolate.	B: That sounds like a good idea. I'm sure you'll like it.
IEVAL-001651	A: I just ordered a new cookery book and am eagerly awaiting its arrival. I want to delve in and try lots of new recipes!	B: that is great , i love the beach ! 	A: Do you really?  I may try to find some seafood recipes in my new book.	B: i love pizza ! 	A: I do too! I am sure there are pizza recipes in there as well.	B: that sounds fun ! what is the food for ? 
IEVAL-001652	A: i hate when my little brother throws food on the table just to annoy me	B: What kind of food is it?	A: It was spaghetti and he made a huge mess!	B: That sounds like a lot of food!	A: Well yeah, it was.  And I was the one who had to clean it all up! Can you believe that?	B: Yeah, it was the worst, but it made me feel bad about it.
IEVAL-001653	A: i hate when my little brother throws food on the table just to annoy me	B: i hate that too . it ' s so annoying when you have to clean up after your little brother .	A: It really is! This time he threw mashed potatoes all over the table and just laughed about it!	B: that ' s the worst . i ' m glad you ' re not the only one that has to deal with that .	A: You have a little brother or sister that does that too?	B: no , i don ' t have any siblings . but i do have a sister who does that .
IEVAL-001654	A: i hate when my little brother throws food on the table just to annoy me	B: What did he do?	A: He grabbed up some mashed potatoes from his plate and just threw them down on the center of the table.	B: Oh no! I am so sorry to hear that. What did he do?	A: Well then he laughed and took some bread and tore it up beside his plate.	B: Oh no! I am so sorry to hear that. What did he do?
IEVAL-001655	A: i hate when my little brother throws food on the table just to annoy me	B: that is so nice . i hope you have a good relationship 	A: I guess we do. I just wish he'd grow up.	B: i agree . i am sure you will do it . you can be very well . 	A: I know I will grow up. I don't think he ever will. He's such a child.	B: that is a shame , i have been there for you , he is a good feeling . 
IEVAL-001656	A: My son went back to college recently and it had me feeling a bit nostalgic. I could just picture him starting Kindergarten and it seemed not so long ago!	B: You must be so proud of him!	A: I am proud but sad at the same time. _x000D_	B: I'm glad to hear that. You must be very proud of him.	A: Yes. I feel like soon I could be taking a grandkid to kindergarten drop offs._x000D_	B: That sounds like a lot of fun!
IEVAL-001657	A: My son went back to college recently and it had me feeling a bit nostalgic. I could just picture him starting Kindergarten and it seemed not so long ago!	B: that ' s awesome ! i ' m sure he ' s going to be a great parent . i bet you ' re so proud of him .	A: I am. Just reminded me of when he used to carry that little Jurassic World backpack.	B: oh my gosh , i remember those ! they ' re the best ! i wish i had one of those .	A: I still have it and actually pulled it out so I could have a good cry with it today. 	B: that sounds like a great way to have a cry . i ' ll be sure to do the same .
IEVAL-001658	A: My son went back to college recently and it had me feeling a bit nostalgic. I could just picture him starting Kindergarten and it seemed not so long ago!	B: How old is he?	A: He is 19.	B: How old is he?	A: He is still 19_x000D_	B: You must be so proud of him. How old is he?
IEVAL-001659	A: My son went back to college recently and it had me feeling a bit nostalgic. I could just picture him starting Kindergarten and it seemed not so long ago!	B: that is a good feeling ! i hope you have a lot of time . 	A: I hope we have a lot of time together as well. 	B: i am sure you are a great parent ! i hope you get it . 	A: Thank you. I wasn't doubting  my parenting though. 	B: that is good , how long did you get to the doctor ? 
IEVAL-001660	A: My family is moving from Texas to Arkansas in a few months, I'm worried for the change.	B: Where are they moving to?	A: To Hot Springs. 	B: Where are they moving to?	A: To Hot Springs_x000D_	B: Oh wow, where are they moving to?
IEVAL-001661	A: My family is moving from Texas to Arkansas in a few months, I'm worried for the change.	B: that ' s a long time to be away from your family . how long have you been there ?	A: My whole life. I have never been out of Arkansas before. _x000D_	B: what do you do for a living ? do you have any hobbies ? i ' ve always wanted to go to arkansas .	A: I work as a teacher's aide. I scrapbook as a hobby._x000D_	B: what kind of things do you like to do in your free time ? i like to read books .
IEVAL-001662	A: My family is moving from Texas to Arkansas in a few months, I'm worried for the change.	B: I am so sorry to hear that. I hope you have a good time.	A: I just don't know how things will be in Texas. Do they like transplants from Arkansas?_x000D_	B: Yes they do. I am so sorry to hear that. I hope you have a good time.	A: I hope I do as well. What if they don't have my favorite grocery store there?_x000D_	B: I am so sorry to hear that. I hope you have a good time.
IEVAL-001663	A: My family is moving from Texas to Arkansas in a few months, I'm worried for the change.	B: i hope you are okay ! 	A: Thanks me too! I'm not sure how to help myself be ok though._x000D_	B: that is a good thing 	A: How is that good? 	B: what is it ? 
IEVAL-001664	A: I had a chance to cheat on my wife once, but I was faithful, because I love her so much.	B: How long have you been married?	A: 17 years	B: 6 years. How long have you been married?	A: 17 years! I love her so much	B: That is a long time. How long have you been married?
IEVAL-001665	A: I had a chance to cheat on my wife once, but I was faithful, because I love her so much.	B: i ' m sorry to hear that . how long did it take for you to be able to forgive her ?	A: I didn't have to because we have been faithful to each other._x000D_	B: it took a long time for me to forgive myself , but it was worth it in the end .	A: I'm glad I don't have anything to forgive myself for.  I'm very fortunate.	B: that ' s good to hear . i wish you the best of luck in your future endeavors .
IEVAL-001666	A: I had a chance to cheat on my wife once, but I was faithful, because I love her so much.	B: Why did you cheat on her?	A: I didn't, I resisted because I want to be with her forever.	B: Why did you cheat on her?	A: I have been faithful to her for our entire relationship.	B: Why did you cheat on her?
IEVAL-001667	A: I had a chance to cheat on my wife once, but I was faithful, because I love her so much.	B: that sounds great ! i hope you have a good relationship ! 	A: We do!  I'd never do anything to hurt her	B: that is so sad , i am sure she will do that you have to deal with . 	A: No it's a good thing.  I always keep her best interest in mind because I love her so much.	B: that is a good thing to do . i hope you have a good time . 
IEVAL-001668	A: They arrested 9 people at a nearby farm for animal cruelty and they are already out of jail on bond!	B: Oh no! What happened?	A: They let all those people off, basically with nothing!	B: Oh no! What happened?	A: They released all those murderers!	B: Oh my goodness! That must have been terrifying!
IEVAL-001669	A: They arrested 9 people at a nearby farm for animal cruelty and they are already out of jail on bond!	B: wow , that ' s a lot of people . i ' m glad they ' re out of there .	A: Don't be glad!  This is horrible!  They should be put away forever!	B: i agree . it ' s so sad that people can ' t do anything about animal cruelty anymore .	A: It really is; they should implement new laws to punish these people more harshly!	B: i agree ! i ' d love to see a law that says they have to be put to death .
IEVAL-001670	A: They arrested 9 people at a nearby farm for animal cruelty and they are already out of jail on bond!	B: I am so sorry to hear that.  What did you do?	A: Nothing, yet.  But I'm going to file a complaint!	B: I am so sorry to hear that.  I hope everything works out for you.	A: Don't worry about me, just worry about those poor animals!	B: Thank you so much!  I hope everything works out for you!
IEVAL-001671	A: They arrested 9 people at a nearby farm for animal cruelty and they are already out of jail on bond!	B: that is so sweet . 	A: No, it's terrible!  They're getting away with this!\	B: oh no . i hope that you can be able to get some new people ! 	A: I don't want new people, I want THESE people to pay!	B: i am sorry for you . 
IEVAL-001672	A: My parents are very helpful and I always will be faithful to them	B: How do you feel about that?	A: I feel lucky and loved.	B: That's great, I'm glad you feel that way.	A: I am happy to have them. I love them.	B: That's great to hear. I'm happy for you.
IEVAL-001673	A: My parents are very helpful and I always will be faithful to them	B: that ' s great to hear . it ' s always good to have a good relationship with your parents .	A: I love them so much.	B: i ' m glad to hear that . i hope you have a great relationship with them . : )	A: WE do. Thank you	B: you ' re welcome . i wish you and your family the best of luck in the rest of your life .
IEVAL-001674	A: My parents are very helpful and I always will be faithful to them	B: That's good to hear. How long have they been together?	A: I found them together!	B: How long have they been together?	A: Are we on the same page?	B: We have been together a few years now. It's been a long time since we've been together for a long time.
IEVAL-001675	A: My parents are very helpful and I always will be faithful to them	B: that is a good thing to be able to help them out . 	A: I am always grateful.	B: that is great . it is good to have friends to help you care . 	A: Yes, I have friends in my parents.	B: oh that is so sweet of them ! how long have you two friends ? 
IEVAL-001676	A: My friend bought a new car. This makes me so jealous!	B: What kind of car is it?	A: He bought a Subaru Forester	B: Wow! What kind of car is it?	A: Are we really together	B: That sounds like a great car!
IEVAL-001677	A: My friend bought a new car. This makes me so jealous!	B: that ' s awesome ! what kind of car is it ? i hope it ' s a nice one .	A: It's a Subaru Forester.	B: i ' ve always wanted a forester , but i ' m not sure what i want yet .	A: Me too, its my dream car.	B: do you think you ' ll be able to get one in good condition ? i know they ' re a lot of fun to drive .
IEVAL-001678	A: My friend bought a new car. This makes me so jealous!	B: What kind of car is it?	A: A toyota	B: It's a 1968 chevrolet.	A: No	B: What kind of car is it?
IEVAL-001679	A: My friend bought a new car. This makes me so jealous!	B: wow , you should be able to get some new car . 	A: I am thinking of the same.	B: i am sorry to hear that . what is your plans ? 	A: I will buy one after I finish my house later in the year.	B: oh that is nice . i hope you have a good time ! 
IEVAL-001680	A: Hello ... I give thanks for the good things and the things that do not, the good things make me feel good and the satisfaction and the bad things are internal growth	B: How do you feel about that?	A: good and happy	B: That's great, I'm glad to hear that.	A: cool me too	B: That's great, I'm glad to hear that.
IEVAL-001681	A: Hello ... I give thanks for the good things and the things that do not, the good things make me feel good and the satisfaction and the bad things are internal growth	B: that ' s a great way to look at it . i ' m glad you feel that way .	A: how do you feel?	B: i feel a lot better . it ' s nice to be able to see the good in the world .	A: good i am happy for you and i feel the same way.	B: thank you . do you have any hobbies you ' d like to tell me about yourself ?
IEVAL-001682	A: Hello ... I give thanks for the good things and the things that do not, the good things make me feel good and the satisfaction and the bad things are internal growth	B: That's good to hear. What are you going to do about it?	A: how i am a thankful person.	B: What are you going to do about it?	A: how i view life.	B: What are you going to do about it?
IEVAL-001683	A: Hello ... I give thanks for the good things and the things that do not, the good things make me feel good and the satisfaction and the bad things are internal growth	B: i hope you have a lot of life , i am sorry . i am glad you are feeling ! 	A: what do you care about	B: i am sure you will do great ! 	A: i hope to do great in life.	B: that is a good feeling . 
IEVAL-001684	A: I am so mad that our politicians won't do something to stop Russian hacking	B: Why would they do that?	A: to get info on the USA	B: Why would they do something like that?	A: to find out our secrets and use them for there own gain.	B: Why would they do something like that?
IEVAL-001685	A: I am so mad that our politicians won't do something to stop Russian hacking	B: i ' m sorry to hear that . what do you want to do to stop the russian hacking ?	A: make some rules or something to cut down on it.	B: that ' s a good idea . i don ' t think i ' ve ever heard of that before .	A: Thank you	B: you ' re welcome . i wish you the best of luck with the rest of the world ' s problems .
IEVAL-001686	A: I am so mad that our politicians won't do something to stop Russian hacking	B: Why do you think they won't do anything about it?	A: becuase some one is paying someone off.	B: Why do you think they won't do anything about it?	A: because it benefits them in some type of way.	B: I don't know. I just don't understand why they won't do anything about it.
IEVAL-001687	A: I am so mad that our politicians won't do something to stop Russian hacking	B: oh no , i have been there , i am sure they will be fine 	A: i dont think they will be okay	B: that is great ! i am sure you have to be a great parent , i am sure that you will be fine ! 	A: there parents should teach them not to be hackers	B: that is good , how long have you been friends ? 
IEVAL-001688	A: I was feeling so optimistic about getting a new job at Houston a while back	B: What kind of job did you get?	A: An insurance sales position	B: What kind of job did you get?	A: Insurance sales agent	B: What kind of job did you get?
IEVAL-001689	A: I was feeling so optimistic about getting a new job at Houston a while back	B: that ' s awesome ! i ' m sure you ' ll do great . what do you do there ?	A: I'm an insurance sales agent.	B: that sounds like a lot of fun . i hope you get to do well in your new job .	A: Me too I appreciate your support.	B: thank you . i wish you the best of luck in your future endeavors with your sales job .
IEVAL-001690	A: I was feeling so optimistic about getting a new job at Houston a while back	B: What kind of job is it?	A: Insurance Sales	B: It's a good job. I hope it works out for you.	A: Me too I feel like this could be a brand new start.	B: What kind of job is it?
IEVAL-001691	A: I was feeling so optimistic about getting a new job at Houston a while back	B: that is a shame ! what kind of job is it ? 	A: No it's a good thing, I'd be an insurance sales agent	B: oh no ! that is so awesome . what did you do 	A: I just feel hopeful that everything will work out.	B: that is good . what is the best for ? 
IEVAL-001692	A: I have been trying to lose weight in a group and while i made it to 4 lbs, my friends made it to 15. :(	B: How long have you been trying to lose weight?	A: About three weeks now.	B: How long have you been trying to lose weight?	A: For three weeks.	B: That's a long time.
IEVAL-001693	A: I have been trying to lose weight in a group and while i made it to 4 lbs, my friends made it to 15. :(	B: i ' m sorry to hear that . i hope you ' re able to get back on track .	A: Me too, I just want to know what I'm doing wrong.	B: i know what you mean . just keep at it and you ' ll get where you want to be .	A: Just wish I wasn't so jealous. I'd love to be happy for others reaching their goal while I figure out what's going on with mine.	B: don ' t be so hard on yourself . it ' s okay to be jealous . you can do it !
IEVAL-001694	A: I have been trying to lose weight in a group and while i made it to 4 lbs, my friends made it to 15. :(	B: I am sorry to hear that. I hope you can do better next time.	A: Me too what do you think I should do to increase my weight loss?	B: I am so sorry to hear that. I hope you can do better next time.	A: What things do you think I'm doing wrong?	B: I am so sorry to hear that. I hope you can do better next time.
IEVAL-001695	A: I have been trying to lose weight in a group and while i made it to 4 lbs, my friends made it to 15. :(	B: wow , that makes a lot of money ! 	A: No you don't understand, I feel jealous that others are losing weight at a faster rate than I am.	B: i am sure you will be fine . 	A: I don't know, I feel a little down and wonder what I'm doing wrong.	B: i am sure you can be a bit of a few times 
IEVAL-001696	A: I am going fishing at my favorite spot tomorrow. I know I am going to catch something!	B: What is your favorite spot?	A: a lake in woods	B: What is your favorite spot?	A: a lake out by the wood	B: That sounds like a lot of fun.
IEVAL-001697	A: I am going fishing at my favorite spot tomorrow. I know I am going to catch something!	B: that ' s awesome ! what kind of fish are you going for ? i ' ve never been fishing .	A: anything that is out there is good	B: i hope you have a great time ! i ' m sure you ' ll have lots of fun .	A: yes just to be out in the sun	B: that sounds like a lot of fun ! i wish i had the time to go fishing more often .
IEVAL-001698	A: I am going fishing at my favorite spot tomorrow. I know I am going to catch something!	B: What are you going to do with it?	A: cooking and eat it	B: What are you going to do with it?	A: cook it for dinner	B: What are you going to do with it?
IEVAL-001699	A: I am going fishing at my favorite spot tomorrow. I know I am going to catch something!	B: oh wow ! that is awesome ! i love going to be . i am sure you will do it 	A: Thanks, am sure there lots of fish out there	B: that is a great feeling 	A: yes, enjoying this trip	B: nice . where are you going to ? 
IEVAL-001700	A: i got in a car accident 2 months ago and now i get so anxious every time i need to drive somewhere	B: Oh no, what happened?	A: Hit another car, now it's hard for me to drive again	B: Oh no, what happened?	A: hit another car	B: Oh no, that must have been awful.
IEVAL-001701	A: i got in a car accident 2 months ago and now i get so anxious every time i need to drive somewhere	B: oh no ! i ' m so sorry to hear that . i hope you ' re okay . are you okay ?	A: yes ok, but hard to deal with the aftermath	B: that ' s good to hear . it ' s always good to have a safe place to drive .	A: yes, just need to get back out there	B: i know what you mean . i ' ve been in a couple of car crashes myself . it can be very stressful .
IEVAL-001702	A: i got in a car accident 2 months ago and now i get so anxious every time i need to drive somewhere	B: I'm sorry to hear that. Are you okay?	A: yes just dealing with this	B: I am so sorry to hear that. I hope everything works out for you.	A: Thanks you, just hard	B: Thank you so much! I hope everything works out for you!
IEVAL-001703	A: i got in a car accident 2 months ago and now i get so anxious every time i need to drive somewhere	B: oh no ! that is awful ! i hope you have to deal with the car . 	A: it is hard to get behind the wheel again	B: i am sorry to hear that . 	A: yes, just try to deal 	B: that is good , i am sorry to hear about your loss . 
IEVAL-001704	A: I saw this kid on a skateboard the other day.  I thought he was gonna wipe out hard, but he pulled off some kind of multi-flip jump thing that really shocked me.	B: What kind of skateboard was it?	A: I am not sure.  It had lots of bright colors.	B: What kind of skateboard was it?	A: I still don't know.	B: That's pretty cool.  I hope it wasn't a skateboard.
IEVAL-001705	A: I saw this kid on a skateboard the other day.  I thought he was gonna wipe out hard, but he pulled off some kind of multi-flip jump thing that really shocked me.	B: that ' s awesome ! i ' ve never been able to do that , but i ' m sure it ' s a lot of fun .	A: It was so cool to see.  I wish I could pull off something like that!	B: you can do it ! just keep at it and you ' ll get there one day . : )	A: Thanks!  I am gonna practice!	B: you ' re welcome ! i wish you the best of luck in your future endeavors ! : )
IEVAL-001706	A: I saw this kid on a skateboard the other day.  I thought he was gonna wipe out hard, but he pulled off some kind of multi-flip jump thing that really shocked me.	B: What did you do?	A: I cheered for him and asked my friend if he saw it too.	B: What did you do?	A: I cheered the guy on.	B: What did you do?
IEVAL-001707	A: I saw this kid on a skateboard the other day.  I thought he was gonna wipe out hard, but he pulled off some kind of multi-flip jump thing that really shocked me.	B: oh , that is so sweet . i hope you did well 	A: Well, he did well.  I was just watching.	B: that is a good way to have to do something like that 	A: I don't understand what you mean.	B: i am sorry to hear that . i am sorry to hear that . 
IEVAL-001708	A: i was so angry when i found out my girlfriend kissed a friend of mine	B: Why did you do that?	A: I didn't do anything.  I just found out about something.	B: What did you find out?	A: Did you even read my first message?	B: Oh no, that's not cool.  I hope it wasn't too bad.
IEVAL-001709	A: i was so angry when i found out my girlfriend kissed a friend of mine	B: oh no , that ' s terrible . i ' m sorry to hear that . did you tell her ?	A: No.  Not yet.  I am just so mad right now.  Do you think I should?	B: i don ' t think you should , but it ' s up to you to decide what to do .	A: Well, thanks for the input.	B: you ' re welcome . i wish you the best of luck in the rest of your endeavors .
IEVAL-001710	A: i was so angry when i found out my girlfriend kissed a friend of mine	B: Why did you do that?	A: Do what?	B: why did you do that?	A: I didn't do anything.	B: Why did you do that?
IEVAL-001711	A: i was so angry when i found out my girlfriend kissed a friend of mine	B: that is terrible , i am sorry you had to deal with that . i am sorry to hear that . 	A: I just don't know what to do now!	B: that is great ! what is the name ? 	A: What is great?	B: that is great , i am sure it is a great feeling 
IEVAL-001712	A: My daughter can say so many new words, love to see her thrive!	B: How old is she?	A: She is 1.	B: Wow, you must be so proud of her!	A: I am very proud, she is an amazing kid.	B: You must be so proud of her!
IEVAL-001713	A: My daughter can say so many new words, love to see her thrive!	B: that ' s great ! i ' m sure she ' ll be a great parent to her children .	A: Yeah, she has a long ways to go before that though.	B: i bet she does . it ' s always good to have a good support system in case things don ' t go well .	A: Yes, of course.	B: i wish you the best of luck with the rest of your life . i hope everything goes well for you .
IEVAL-001714	A: My daughter can say so many new words, love to see her thrive!	B: That's great! How old is she?	A: She is 1 year old.	B: How old is she?	A: I just told you she is 1 year old. How are you doing?	B: I am doing great. I am so proud of her.
IEVAL-001715	A: My daughter can say so many new words, love to see her thrive!	B: that is great . i have a lot of my life . it is a lot of a lot 	A: Oh, ok.	B: that is great , how is that ? what do you do for ? what is the name you are going ? 	A: I am sorry, you are not making sense.	B: i am sorry . i hope you do not get the right now . 
IEVAL-001716	A: I'm so tired this morning, I went to bed early, but it seems when I go to bed early I wake up more tired. It aggravates me!	B: What are you going to do about it?	A: I am going to push through the day like I always do I guess.	B: What are you going to do about it?	A: I just told you what I was going to do.	B: What are you going to do about it?
IEVAL-001717	A: I'm so tired this morning, I went to bed early, but it seems when I go to bed early I wake up more tired. It aggravates me!	B: i know what you mean . i ' ve had that happen to me a few times as well .	A: Yeah, not fun at all. So how are you?	B: i am good . i just got back from a long day of work . i am tired now .	A: Nice, I like to take walks also. Have a cup of coffee.	B: that ' s a good idea . i need to take a walk too . do you have any other hobbies ?
IEVAL-001718	A: I'm so tired this morning, I went to bed early, but it seems when I go to bed early I wake up more tired. It aggravates me!	B: Oh no, I'm sorry to hear that. I hope you have a good night.	A: I highly doubt I will, I am soo tired now. 	B: I am sure you will. I hope you have a good night.	A: I don't think I will have a good night my friend.	B: I hope so too! I hope you have a good night!
IEVAL-001719	A: I'm so tired this morning, I went to bed early, but it seems when I go to bed early I wake up more tired. It aggravates me!	B: yeah i know what you mean , i am sorry . i am sure you are going through the right thing to do . i am sure you will not have 	A: Right thing to do? Not have what?	B: what is that ? 	A: I dunno, you said "I am sure you will not have". 	B: i am sorry to hear that . what is the problem ? 
IEVAL-001720	A: I recently had the opportunity to help out at my local Second Harvest food bank.	B: How did it go?	A: It was fun i really liked it	B: How did it go?	A: good	B: It went great!
IEVAL-001721	A: I recently had the opportunity to help out at my local Second Harvest food bank.	B: that ' s really nice of you ! i ' m sure you ' re a great person . what kind of food was it ?	A: just normal food, nothing fancy but it was fun	B: i bet it was . it ' s always nice to help people out . i hope you have a great day !	A: thank you i will 	B: i wish you the best of luck in your future donating to the hungry people in your community .
IEVAL-001722	A: I recently had the opportunity to help out at my local Second Harvest food bank.	B: What kind of food bank was it?	A: it was for the poor , it was really fun and made me feel good	B: What kind of food bank was it?	A: i already said was for the poor_x000D_	B: It was a Mexican food bank. It was really nice of them to help out with the food bank.
IEVAL-001723	A: I recently had the opportunity to help out at my local Second Harvest food bank.	B: i am sorry to hear that , i love it 	A: it was exciting to help	B: that is a good feeling , i am sorry . i hope you get a great feeling . 	A: yea i liked it , made me feel good	B: that is good , i hope you have a great time ! 
IEVAL-001724	A: My daughters 6th birthday was recently, unfortunately her mothers side of the family didn't show up, even though they all rsvp'd	B: That is so sweet of them.	A: not its not , they didnt even attempt to come or call. 	B: That is so sweet of them.	A: no its disrespectful of them 	B: That is very sweet of them.
IEVAL-001725	A: My daughters 6th birthday was recently, unfortunately her mothers side of the family didn't show up, even though they all rsvp'd	B: i ' m sorry to hear that . that must have been really hard to deal with . how long did it take for them to get back together ?	A: a few days, which made it even worse!	B: that ' s a long time to be away from your family . i hope things get better for her .	A: thank you, i just appalled that they would do this.	B: i know how you feel . it ' s hard when people do something like that to their kids .
IEVAL-001726	A: My daughters 6th birthday was recently, unfortunately her mothers side of the family didn't show up, even though they all rsvp'd	B: I am so sorry to hear that. How old are they?	A: old, but thats not the point, they could have atleast called and explained why they couldnt be there_x000D_	B: I am so sorry to hear that. How old are they?	A: again dosent matter they were a no show_x000D_	B: I am so sorry to hear that. I hope they have a good time.
IEVAL-001727	A: My daughters 6th birthday was recently, unfortunately her mothers side of the family didn't show up, even though they all rsvp'd	B: i bet that is so sad 	A: It was ! how could they not show up?_x000D_	B: i am sorry . what happened ? 	A: I dont know , they all said they were coming and never came.	B: that is a good thing to do 
IEVAL-001728	A: My friends help me and they scold me when necessary ... God will give you happiness	B: That is very nice of them. How long have you been together?	A: For like 4 years	B: That is a long time.	A: sure very long .	B: That is a long time.
IEVAL-001729	A: My friends help me and they scold me when necessary ... God will give you happiness	B: that ' s nice of them . i don ' t think i ' ve ever had a friend like that .	A: Reasons?_x000D_	B: i ' m sorry to hear that . do you have any other friends that you can talk to about it ?	A: Yes got like two reliable friends.	B: it ' s good to have friends that are reliable . i wish you the best of luck in the future .
IEVAL-001730	A: My friends help me and they scold me when necessary ... God will give you happiness	B: I hope so too!	A: wow this sounds soo cool.	B: I am so happy for you!	A: I deeply appriciate	B: Thank you! I am so happy for you!
IEVAL-001731	A: My friends help me and they scold me when necessary ... God will give you happiness	B: it is good that you have someone that you have a good friend ! 	A: Yes i appriciate.	B: i am glad to hear that . what happened ? 	A: Nothing we are just okay.	B: i am sorry , what are you going to do ? 
IEVAL-001732	A: Today when I went into my roommate's office to fix the internet, I noticed the collar of his old cat that passed away. I miss her.	B: Did you find out who it was?	A: I'm still finding out.	B: Did you find out who it was?	A: No yet	B: Well that's good to hear. I'm glad you found out who it was.
IEVAL-001733	A: Today when I went into my roommate's office to fix the internet, I noticed the collar of his old cat that passed away. I miss her.	B: aww , i ' m sorry to hear that . it ' s hard to lose a pet .	A: Very sad and heart breaking.	B: i know . i lost my dog a few years ago . it was a long time ago , but i still miss him .	A: oh no i understand the pain.	B: do you have any other pets that you ' d like to get rid of ? i ' ve got two dogs myself .
IEVAL-001734	A: Today when I went into my roommate's office to fix the internet, I noticed the collar of his old cat that passed away. I miss her.	B: I am so sorry to hear that. Did you find out who did it?	A: Not realy	B: Oh no, I am so sorry to hear that. I hope you find out who did it.	A: Sure that is my prayer.	B: Thank you for your kind words. I hope you find out who did it.
IEVAL-001735	A: Today when I went into my roommate's office to fix the internet, I noticed the collar of his old cat that passed away. I miss her.	B: oh my gosh , i am so sorry . i know that feeling . i hope he was able to do that for you . 	A: I do not understand_x000D_	B: that is good , how do you feel about it ? 	A: very discouraged	B: i am sorry to hear that . what is the problem ? 
IEVAL-001736	A: I'll always remember the day I learned I was pregnant with our first child -- Halloween in Chicago, and we were with friends at the Shedd Aquarium! I've loved baby belugas since ;-)	B: That sounds like a great time!	A: It was the best day of my life!	B: That sounds like a great day!	A: I'll never forget it!	B: That sounds like a great day!
IEVAL-001737	A: I'll always remember the day I learned I was pregnant with our first child -- Halloween in Chicago, and we were with friends at the Shedd Aquarium! I've loved baby belugas since ;-)	B: congrats ! that ' s awesome . i ' m sure they ' re a lot of fun .	A: Thank you, it was a beautiful experience.	B: i bet it was . it ' s always nice to have a good time with friends and family .	A: Yes, I will never forget it. I think it might be time to expand our family even more.	B: i think you ' re right . i hope you have a great time with your family and your baby !
IEVAL-001738	A: I'll always remember the day I learned I was pregnant with our first child -- Halloween in Chicago, and we were with friends at the Shedd Aquarium! I've loved baby belugas since ;-)	B: That sounds like a lot of fun!	A: It was the best day!	B: It was! I was so happy for you!	A: Wow thank you so much!	B: Thank you! I hope you have a great time!
IEVAL-001739	A: I'll always remember the day I learned I was pregnant with our first child -- Halloween in Chicago, and we were with friends at the Shedd Aquarium! I've loved baby belugas since ;-)	B: that is a fun thing 	A: Yes, it was a great day!_x000D_	B: that was awesome ! what did you do ? 	A: I found out that I was pregnant with my first child while spending the day with my significant other and friends.	B: that is a shame ! how did it go ? 
IEVAL-001740	A: My friend has been on the couch for a few weeks. He is getting under my skin now.	B: Have you talked to him about it yet?	A: I haven't talked to him about it. I have been trying to work out a way to start that conversation with him.	B: Have you talked to him about it yet?	A: No, but when I have the conversation with him I do not intend to make him feel bad. I want to come up with a solution that benefits us both.	B: That sounds like a good idea.
IEVAL-001741	A: My friend has been on the couch for a few weeks. He is getting under my skin now.	B: i ' m sorry to hear that . are you going to tell him that you don ' t like him ?	A: No, I want to resolve the issue, I don't dislike him.	B: that ' s a good attitude to have . i wish you the best of luck in the future .	A: Thank you, I am confident that we can work it out.	B: i hope it all works out for you and your friend . it ' s always good to have good friends .
IEVAL-001742	A: My friend has been on the couch for a few weeks. He is getting under my skin now.	B: I am so sorry to hear that. Have you talked to him about it?	A: Not yet, I am trying to think of how to do it without blowing up.	B: I am so sorry to hear that. Have you talked to him about it?	A: No not yet I am waiting for the right time and the best way to talk to him.	B: I am so sorry to hear that. Have you talked to him about it?
IEVAL-001743	A: My friend has been on the couch for a few weeks. He is getting under my skin now.	B: that is a bummer , how long have you been together ? 	A: We are just friends.	B: that is a good thing to be . 	A: Yes, I would like to work things out.	B: i am sorry to hear that . i hope you do well 
IEVAL-001744	A: when i was younger I was really getting into graphic design and really wanted a new Apple computer. I knew my parents couldnt afford it, but they somehow made it happen and surprised me on Christmas..	B: What kind of apple computer was it?	A: It was the latest MacBook available at the time!	B: That sounds like a lot of fun!	A: Yeah it worked really well and I ended up using it for another 10 years.	B: That sounds like a lot of fun!
IEVAL-001745	A: when i was younger I was really getting into graphic design and really wanted a new Apple computer. I knew my parents couldnt afford it, but they somehow made it happen and surprised me on Christmas..	B: that ' s really nice of them to do that for you . what kind of graphic design did you do ?	A: Mostly logos for companies but I am trying to branch out more now.	B: i ' m sure you ' ll get there one day . it ' s always good to be creative .	A: Thanks. There are so many options out there these days with graphic design I'm sure I will find something that catches my eye.	B: i hope you find what you ' re looking for . i wish you all the best in your future endeavors .
IEVAL-001746	A: when i was younger I was really getting into graphic design and really wanted a new Apple computer. I knew my parents couldnt afford it, but they somehow made it happen and surprised me on Christmas..	B: That sounds like a lot of fun!	A: It was! I got a lot of use out of that computer.	B: That sounds like a lot of fun! What kind of computer was it?	A: It was at the time to most recent Macbook released.	B: Oh wow! That must have been a lot of fun!
IEVAL-001747	A: when i was younger I was really getting into graphic design and really wanted a new Apple computer. I knew my parents couldnt afford it, but they somehow made it happen and surprised me on Christmas..	B: that is a good thing to do ! you have a lot of fun . did you find a good job ? 	A: Yes I actually ended up with a graphic design job so the present had a huge impact on my career aspirations.	B: congrats , you must be a good feeling . i am sure it is a great feeling ! 	A: It is and I have my parents to thank for it!	B: that is a good feeling , i bet they are so happy for them . 
IEVAL-001748	A: I was bathing my dog in the backyard this weekend, and she got loose. She then went and rolled in the dirt getting extra filthy.	B: What kind of dog was it?	A: He is a big Australian Shepard.	B: Oh wow, that sounds like a great dog!	A: Yes, I love him. But sometimes he can be reckless and bring dirt all over the house.	B: That sounds like a great dog.
IEVAL-001749	A: I was bathing my dog in the backyard this weekend, and she got loose. She then went and rolled in the dirt getting extra filthy.	B: oh no ! that ' s terrible . did you clean it up or did you take it to the vet ?	A: I was able to bring him back and wash him. He's got a lot of hair so it was a bit tough to get all the dirt out.	B: i ' m glad you were able to get it out . it ' s hard to clean up after animals .	A: Yeah it's not my favorite part of having him. I might bring him in to the groomer's since short hair is easier to manage.	B: that would be a good idea . i don ' t think i could handle having to deal with that .
IEVAL-001750	A: I was bathing my dog in the backyard this weekend, and she got loose. She then went and rolled in the dirt getting extra filthy.	B: Oh no! I am so sorry to hear that.	A: Thanks! The smell was pretty bad but I was able to get her cleaned up later on.	B: Oh no, I am so sorry to hear that. I hope she wasn't hurt.	A: No, the hose has special settings so the water doesn't hurt her.	B: I am so sorry to hear that. I hope she gets better soon.
IEVAL-001751	A: I was bathing my dog in the backyard this weekend, and she got loose. She then went and rolled in the dirt getting extra filthy.	B: that was a shame . did you get a cat ? 	A: No, just the dog for me. But maybe I should get one! Are they easier to wash?	B: that is so sad , i am sorry you had to deal with it , but i am sure your cat has n't had a dog to do it . 	A: Thanks, I love the dog but sometimes I can't stand how dirty they can be!	B: i am sorry , that is a shame . i hope you get a little dog to be able to get the pet . 
IEVAL-001752	A: i am really lucky that my cancer got cured many years ago	B: That's great news. How are you feeling now?	A: Excellent! I feel so grateful	B: That's great news. I'm glad you are feeling better.	A: Me too! My family was so supportive	B: That's great news. I'm glad you are feeling better.
IEVAL-001753	A: i am really lucky that my cancer got cured many years ago	B: that ' s great news ! i ' m so glad to hear that it ' s been cured .	A: Thanks! It's made me so much more grateful in life	B: you ' re very lucky to have such a long life ahead of you . i wish you all the best .	A: Thank you, it was a scary time but I'm so glad to be here	B: i can ' t imagine what it must have been like to have to go through that . i hope you have a great rest of your life .
IEVAL-001754	A: i am really lucky that my cancer got cured many years ago	B: I am so sorry to hear that.	A: No, it's okay! I've been so glad to have the experience	B: I am glad to hear that. I hope everything works out for you.	A: Thanks! It's made me so much more grateful for life, you know?	B: Thank you so much! I hope everything works out for you!
IEVAL-001755	A: i am really lucky that my cancer got cured many years ago	B: that is great ! i am sorry for your loss . it is a lot of care of you . 	A: It was a lot of care! But it was really worth it	B: that sounds so nice . 	A: Thank you! I find myself more grateful every day	B: i am sorry to hear about your family . 
IEVAL-001756	A: The hardest time in my life was when my best friend died on Christmas of 2007.	B: Oh no! What happened?	A: They fell off a roof. It was a truly unexpected freak accident	B: Oh no! What happened?	A: I just told you	B: I don't know what happened, but I am glad you are okay.
IEVAL-001757	A: The hardest time in my life was when my best friend died on Christmas of 2007.	B: oh no , i ' m sorry to hear that . i hope you ' re doing better now .	A: Thank you, it's still hard so much of the time	B: i know what you mean . i know how hard it is to lose one of your best friends .	A: I just can't understand how a freak accident like that happened	B: i don ' t know either . i can only imagine how bad it must have been for you .
IEVAL-001758	A: The hardest time in my life was when my best friend died on Christmas of 2007.	B: I am so sorry to hear that.	A: Thank you. It's still so hard a lot of the time	B: I am so sorry to hear that. I hope everything works out for you.	A: I think that's what they would want, too	B: Thank you for your kind words. I hope everything works out for you.
IEVAL-001759	A: The hardest time in my life was when my best friend died on Christmas of 2007.	B: i am sorry to your loss . did you find a new one ? 	A: Wow, they're irreplaceable. 	B: that is good . i am glad to hear that . 	A: I don't think you understand at all	B: i am sure you are a lot of people who are not . 
IEVAL-001760	A: I have been feeling great about life recently. My relationships have been going very well	B: That's great. How long have you been together?	A: Almost 10 years	B: That is a long time. How long have you been together?	A: long time	B: 10 years. How long have you been together?
IEVAL-001761	A: I have been feeling great about life recently. My relationships have been going very well	B: that ' s great ! i ' m glad you ' re feeling good about it . what ' s going on in your life ?	A: Nice time with family and good job	B: that sounds like a lot of fun ! i hope you have a great time with your family and family !	A: Sure	B: do you have any plans for the weekend ? i ' d love to have a good time with my family .
IEVAL-001762	A: I have been feeling great about life recently. My relationships have been going very well	B: That's great. How long have you been together?	A: Almost 10 years	B: That's a long time. How long have you been together?	A: long time, 10 years	B: That's a long time. It's been a long time since we've been together.
IEVAL-001763	A: I have been feeling great about life recently. My relationships have been going very well	B: i am sorry to hear that . what is your plans for a good job ? 	A: I think I have a good job	B: that is great ! how is it your job ? 	A: It's challenging, but rewarding 	B: it is good for you . i hope your husband is doing great 
IEVAL-001764	A: Our computer system at work is goofing up a lot, but the development team just keeps saying there's nothing wrong.	B: What do you mean by that?	A: Sometimes the computer doesn't work, or it's frozen	B: What kind of computer system is it?	A: I have a PC desktop	B: That's pretty cool. I'm glad it works out for you.
IEVAL-001765	A: Our computer system at work is goofing up a lot, but the development team just keeps saying there's nothing wrong.	B: i ' m sorry to hear that . what ' s wrong with your computer system ? is there something wrong with it ?	A: I have problems for sure, but I don't know what it is, and no one helps	B: that ' s too bad . i hope you can figure it out . it ' s a tough job .	A: You said it	B: i hope everything works out for you . i ' ve had to deal with a lot of that .
IEVAL-001766	A: Our computer system at work is goofing up a lot, but the development team just keeps saying there's nothing wrong.	B: Oh no, I'm sorry to hear that. What are you going to do about it?	A: I guess I need to inform someone on a higher level, even if I don't like it	B: Oh no, I'm sorry to hear that. What are you going to do about it?	A: I may talk to somebody who has more power	B: I'm sorry to hear that. I hope it works out for you.
IEVAL-001767	A: Our computer system at work is goofing up a lot, but the development team just keeps saying there's nothing wrong.	B: that is a bummer , but i am sure it will not be able to do that . 	A: I hope they decide to investigate better	B: what do you do ? 	A: I work in administration	B: oh no . what do you have ? 
IEVAL-001768	A: I am really looking forward to going away for the holidays.	B: Where are you going?	A: I am going on a family vacation to California and I'm counting down the days till it's time.	B: That sounds exciting! Where are you going?	A: We are going to Cali and I think it will be a fun an novel experience.	B: That sounds exciting! Where are you going?
IEVAL-001769	A: I am really looking forward to going away for the holidays.	B: that ' s great ! what are you going to do for christmas ? i hope you have a great time !	A: I am going on a family vacation to California and I can't wait.	B: i ' ve never been to california , but i hear it ' s beautiful . have you been there before ?	A: Yes, and it is a great place to be go during the summertime, but it is also fun to visit during the holidays.	B: i bet it is ! i ' m sure you ' ll have a lot of fun . i ' d love to go to california one day .
IEVAL-001770	A: I am really looking forward to going away for the holidays.	B: Where are you going?	A: I am going to California with my family, and I can't wait.	B: I am so happy for you! Where are you going?	A: We are going to California, and it is an experience that I have been looking forward to.	B: I am so happy for you! Where are you going?
IEVAL-001771	A: I am really looking forward to going away for the holidays.	B: that is a good thing to have . 	A: It is always a good thing to spend time with my family.	B: that is nice . what are you going to do ? 	A: We are going on a trip to California, and I can't wait to soak in the sun.	B: that is fun ! i love the beach . i hope you get it ! 
IEVAL-001772	A: So I want to buy a new vehicle but I'm nervous about pulling the trigger on it.	B: What kind of vehicle is it?	A: I 'm thinking of going for a Tesla, but I've never had an electric car, so I don't know what to expect.	B: What kind of car is it?	A: I think an all-eclectic car from Tesla is a good start.	B: That's pretty cool. I've never had a car like that before.
IEVAL-001773	A: So I want to buy a new vehicle but I'm nervous about pulling the trigger on it.	B: what kind of car do you want to get ? what type of car are you thinking about buying ?	A: I was thinking of buying a Tesla but I am still unsure about it.	B: that ' s a good choice . i ' ve never driven one , but i hear it ' s pretty good .	A: I think it would be a good investment in the future, but I don't know if I'm completely ready to go all electric.	B: i can understand that . i hope you get a good deal on the car , so you can save some money .
IEVAL-001774	A: So I want to buy a new vehicle but I'm nervous about pulling the trigger on it.	B: What kind of car is it?	A: I'm thinking of getting a Tesla.	B: What kind of car is it?	A: A Tesla was on my list, but I don't know if an electric car is the way to go.	B: What kind of car is it?
IEVAL-001775	A: So I want to buy a new vehicle but I'm nervous about pulling the trigger on it.	B: i am sorry , what happened ? 	A: I am a little be uneasy to buy a new car since I am used to my old one.	B: oh no ! i have been there for a lot of work , but i am sure you are going through it 	A: Uh, I am talking about buying a new car.	B: what ? 
IEVAL-001776	A: My son is in college and about to return for his Junior year. We have made sure to put back ample saving to take care of his financial needs.	B: That sounds like a lot of work to me.	A: It was, but we were glad we were able to do it. _x000D_	B: That sounds like a lot of work to me.	A: Yes. Good things take hard work. 	B: That sounds like a lot of work to me.
IEVAL-001777	A: My son is in college and about to return for his Junior year. We have made sure to put back ample saving to take care of his financial needs.	B: that ' s great to hear . i ' m sure he ' s going to have a great time .	A: Yes I think so. We really tried to make sure he will have all of his needs met while attending. 	B: it ' s good that you ' re doing what you can to help him . i wish you all the best .	A: Thank you. That means a lot	B: do you think he ' ll be able to make it back to school in time for his senior year ?
IEVAL-001778	A: My son is in college and about to return for his Junior year. We have made sure to put back ample saving to take care of his financial needs.	B: That's great! How old is he?	A: 20	B: He is 18. I am so happy for him.	A: I really appreciate that. I'm just worried that we won't have enough money to do all of it. College is expensive. 	B: That's great! I hope you have a great time!
IEVAL-001779	A: My son is in college and about to return for his Junior year. We have made sure to put back ample saving to take care of his financial needs.	B: i hope he is a great parent ! 	A: Um, he isn't quite yet, but maybe someday 	B: i am sure you will do great ! 	A: At what?	B: what ? 
IEVAL-001780	A: There are times I feel a bit alone and down. My husband has to travel out of town for work quite often.	B: Where are you going?	A: I'm not going anywhere. My husband is the one who travels. 	B: Where are you going to go?	A: No where. Home. By myself. 	B: Where are you going to go?
IEVAL-001781	A: There are times I feel a bit alone and down. My husband has to travel out of town for work quite often.	B: i ' m sorry to hear that . i hope things get better for you and your husband soon .	A: Thank you. I'm trying to keep occupied while he's gone, but it's hard. 	B: i know what you mean . it can be hard at times , but you ' ll get through it .	A: That's very sweet of you to say	B: you ' re welcome . i wish you the best of luck and luck with the rest of your life .
IEVAL-001782	A: There are times I feel a bit alone and down. My husband has to travel out of town for work quite often.	B: I'm sorry to hear that. Have you talked to him about it?	A: I've tried, but it's hard to know what to do, as he has to do it for work. 	B: I'm sorry to hear that. Have you talked to him about it?	A: Yes. I have. 	B: I'm sorry to hear that. Have you talked to him about it?
IEVAL-001783	A: There are times I feel a bit alone and down. My husband has to travel out of town for work quite often.	B: that is good to hear . what is your favorite thing ? 	A: Having my husband home.	B: oh that is awesome ! how long have you been together ? 	A: 10 years	B: that is awesome ! i am glad you have a lot of hard work ! 
IEVAL-001784	A: I like to help at the animal shelter walking the dogs. They get a chance to get out of their cages and be with a nice human like me.	B: What kind of dog is it?	A: There are many different kinds of dogs that I get to care for.	B: What kind of dog is it?	A: Well, I really do love to take all the dogs on a walk. But most recently I took a lovely walk with a Golden Retriever that really needed some attention.	B: That sounds like a really good dog.
IEVAL-001785	A: I like to help at the animal shelter walking the dogs. They get a chance to get out of their cages and be with a nice human like me.	B: that ' s really nice of you . i ' m sure you ' re a great person . what kind of dogs do you have ?	A: Well there are a lot of different kinds of dogs I get to take on walks at the shelter. I love them all!	B: i wish i could have a dog , but i don ' t think i ' d be able to take care of one .	A: You can help me at the shelter then. They just need people to love and care for the dogs. It is so rewarding!	B: i ' ll definitely look into it . thank you so much for the offer . i really appreciate it .
IEVAL-001786	A: I like to help at the animal shelter walking the dogs. They get a chance to get out of their cages and be with a nice human like me.	B: What kind of animals do you like?	A: Oh, I like them all. They all need love and attention!	B: What kind of animals do you like?	A: I like all of the animals. It is such a joy to be able to provide them all with attention.	B: What kind of animals do you like?
IEVAL-001787	A: I like to help at the animal shelter walking the dogs. They get a chance to get out of their cages and be with a nice human like me.	B: that is a lot of dog . i have a cat and i have seen it before ! i am sure they are a good thing 	A: It is a good thing. I love to help care for the dogs!	B: that is a good feeling . i have a cat and i love my pets 	A: That is wonderful. I am so happy for you.	B: that is great . what is your favorite thing you have ? 
IEVAL-001788	A: As a kid, I was SO frightened any time there was a tornado warning. Not sure if it was the Wizard of Oz effect or what -- I just remember being frozen with fear.	B: I bet that was scary!	A: It was! They are still terrfiying!	B: That sounds like a lot of fun!	A: It wasn't at all. I was so scared!	B: I bet that was scary!
IEVAL-001789	A: As a kid, I was SO frightened any time there was a tornado warning. Not sure if it was the Wizard of Oz effect or what -- I just remember being frozen with fear.	B: that ' s so scary ! i ' m glad you didn ' t have to deal with it .	A: I did though. I still do whenever there is a tornado warning.	B: i don ' t think i ' ve ever been scared of a tornado . it ' s scary to think about .	A: Very much so. Count your blessings because I get so scared everytime.	B: i know what you mean . i used to be terrified of them as a child , but now i can deal with them .
IEVAL-001790	A: As a kid, I was SO frightened any time there was a tornado warning. Not sure if it was the Wizard of Oz effect or what -- I just remember being frozen with fear.	B: Oh no! I am so sorry to hear that. Did you get hurt?	A: No, but tornadoes are just so frightening!	B: Oh no! I'm so sorry to hear that. I hope it wasn't too scary.	A: It was. I am still very much afraid of them.	B: I hope it wasn't too scary at all. I'm glad you are okay.
IEVAL-001791	A: As a kid, I was SO frightened any time there was a tornado warning. Not sure if it was the Wizard of Oz effect or what -- I just remember being frozen with fear.	B: i hope it was the same thing 	A: I hope there are not anymore tornadoes again! I get way too scared.	B: it is a good feeling to be in a lot of courage . 	A: That's the problem. I am terrified, not courageous!	B: i am sorry to hear that , it is a lot of thing to hear that . what are you doing to do ? 
IEVAL-001792	A: I was about to book a flight for my baby and i and i was so surprised to find out i didn't need to pay for my baby's ticket	B: What was the name of your baby?	A: Her name is abigail_x000D_	B: That is so cool. I am so happy for you.	A: saving me a lot of money!_x000D_	B: That is so nice of you. I am happy for you.
IEVAL-001793	A: I was about to book a flight for my baby and i and i was so surprised to find out i didn't need to pay for my baby's ticket	B: that ' s really nice of you to do that . i ' m sure you ' ll be fine .	A: i hope so it's hard flying with a baby on your lapt	B: i bet it is . i hope you ' re able to enjoy the flight and enjoy your time with your baby .	A: i will enjoy my time very excited	B: i hope it all goes well and you have a great time . i wish you all the best .
IEVAL-001794	A: I was about to book a flight for my baby and i and i was so surprised to find out i didn't need to pay for my baby's ticket	B: That's awesome! Did you have a good time?	A: I have not left yet, I just booked the ticket	B: That's awesome! I hope you have a great time!	A: ok i hope i will when i actually fly away_x000D_	B: Thank you! I hope you have a great time!
IEVAL-001795	A: I was about to book a flight for my baby and i and i was so surprised to find out i didn't need to pay for my baby's ticket	B: that is a nice surprise . i hope you get the best ! 	A: did you mean best price?	B: what kind of business ? 	A: i do not have a business_x000D_	B: i am sorry . what do you have to do it again ? 
IEVAL-001796	A: I love streaming services but sometimes they really frustrate me.	B: What kind of services do you have?	A: I like to stream netflix and amazon, but amazon has no good movies they are all old	B: What kind of movies do you like?	A: I like to watch comedy or romance	B: I like comedy too. I like to watch comedy too.
IEVAL-001797	A: I love streaming services but sometimes they really frustrate me.	B: i know what you mean . i ' m not a big fan of streaming services either . it ' s so annoying .	A: But i do love them they just have no good movies to stream which is really frustrating	B: i agree . i don ' t think i ' ve ever seen a movie that wasn ' t on netflix .	A: True so you don't really need to pay for so many of them, i going to cancel it.	B: that ' s a good idea . they have a lot of great shows and movies on their site .
IEVAL-001798	A: I love streaming services but sometimes they really frustrate me.	B: I'm sorry to hear that. Have you tried talking to them about it?	A: I have tried to all them to see if they are adding more shows	B: Oh no, I'm sorry to hear that. Have you tried talking to them about it?	A: Yeh it really upsets me that the customer support people are hard to talk to.	B: Oh no, I'm sorry to hear that. I hope they are able to talk to you about it.
IEVAL-001799	A: I love streaming services but sometimes they really frustrate me.	B: that is true , i have to be able to do it . it is a lot of people who do that . 	A: Streaming is great to do, no ads'	B: that is great ! what is the name ? 	A: I don't know can't find a good movie to watch	B: that is a good idea . i love it 
IEVAL-001800	A: So about a year ago now, my girlfriend decided to surprise me with a puppy!	B: What kind of puppy was it?	A: She is a beautiful collie. 	B: What kind of puppy was it?	A: I said she is a collie, and very friendly. 	B: Aww, that's so sweet of her!
IEVAL-001801	A: So about a year ago now, my girlfriend decided to surprise me with a puppy!	B: that ' s so sweet ! what kind of puppy is it ? i ' ve always wanted a puppy .	A: She is a beautiful collie dog. 	B: i love collies ! they ' re such cute little dogs . i wish i could have one .	A: They are so friendly and fun to be with. 	B: they really are . i ' m sure you ' ll have a great time with your new girlfriend !
IEVAL-001802	A: So about a year ago now, my girlfriend decided to surprise me with a puppy!	B: What kind of puppy was it?	A: She is a beautiful collie. 	B: What kind of puppy was it?	A: I said she is a collie, and very friendly. 	B: What kind of puppy was it?
IEVAL-001803	A: So about a year ago now, my girlfriend decided to surprise me with a puppy!	B: wow ! what kind of dog do you get ? 	A: She is a beautiful collie. 	B: that is a great feeling . i love dogs . 	A: She is so much friendlier than other dogs. 	B: i have a pet is a lot of dog , it is a good thing . what kind of dog is that . 
IEVAL-001804	A: I'm taking the California Bar exam to become an attorney in February and I'm sooo nervous!	B: Are you nervous?	A: Yes, I am very nervous. 	B: Are you nervous?	A: I just told you that I'm nervous. It is a difficult exam. 	B: Are you nervous?
IEVAL-001805	A: I'm taking the California Bar exam to become an attorney in February and I'm sooo nervous!	B: i am sure you will do great ! i bet you will have a great time ! good luck !	A: It is a difficult exam. 	B: i bet it will be . i hope you do well on it . good luck with the exam !	A: Thank you for the encouragement. 	B: you ' re welcome . i wish you the best of luck with your exam . i know you ' ll do great .
IEVAL-001806	A: I'm taking the California Bar exam to become an attorney in February and I'm sooo nervous!	B: I'm sure you'll do great!	A: Thank you. It is a very difficult exam. 	B: I'm sure you'll do great! I am sure you will do great!	A: That is why I am nervous. 	B: Thank you! I'm sure you will do great! Thank you!
IEVAL-001807	A: I'm taking the California Bar exam to become an attorney in February and I'm sooo nervous!	B: i hope you get the job . i am sorry to hear that . what is the name of the first ? 	A: The first what? 	B: what was it ? 	A: I am taking the Bar Exam. 	B: that is great ! how did it turn out well , and you get a math ? 
IEVAL-001808	A: I gave twin fawns in our yard some fresh peaches and they loved them.	B: What did you do with them?	A: I fed them some peaches and they were very happy;	B: What did you do with them?	A: They ate some peaches and I was very happy I could feed them.	B: That sounds like a lot of fun!
IEVAL-001809	A: I gave twin fawns in our yard some fresh peaches and they loved them.	B: that ' s nice of you to do that . what kind of peaches did you give them ?	A: I gave them the white peaches, and boy were they happy. 	B: i ' m sure they were . it ' s good that you gave them that kind of food .	A: Yes it is healthy for them & I wanted to make sure they had enough food to eat.	B: do you have any other pets ? i ' ve got a dog that likes to eat peaches .
IEVAL-001810	A: I gave twin fawns in our yard some fresh peaches and they loved them.	B: What did you do with them?	A: I fed them peaches, they are so cute.	B: What did you do with them?	A: I fed them & they loved it. I wanted to make sure that they had enough food.	B: What did you do with them?
IEVAL-001811	A: I gave twin fawns in our yard some fresh peaches and they loved them.	B: that sounds amazing ! how long have you been married ? 	A: I'm not married, I fed baby deer some peaches.	B: that is so nice ! i love it 	A: Yes, it made me happy to provide them with food.	B: i have a good time . 
IEVAL-001812	A: I hate that people hit on others they know are married.	B: How long have you been married?	A: I have been married 5 years so the people hitting on him know he's married. It makes me furious.	B: How long have you been married?	A: 5 years.	B: 10 years. How long have you been married?
IEVAL-001813	A: I hate that people hit on others they know are married.	B: why do you hate it so much ? do you have a problem with people hitting on other people ?	A: Yes i have a problem with people hitting on married people. It's not right.	B: i don ' t think i ' ve ever seen that happen in real life . i ' m sorry you feel that way .	A: It happens all the time. I guess you aren't married.	B: i am not married , but i do have a husband . do you think that ' s why people do it ?
IEVAL-001814	A: I hate that people hit on others they know are married.	B: Why do you hate them?	A: Because they make advances on my husband.	B: Why do you hate them?	A: Women are trying to take my husband away from me.	B: Why do you hate them so much?
IEVAL-001815	A: I hate that people hit on others they know are married.	B: that is really sad . i am sorry for that . what do you have ? 	A: Women are always hitting on my husband and it upsets me.	B: that is so sweet . how old is he ? 	A: I'm upset that women are always trying to take my man.	B: that is not good . what kind of job is it ? 
IEVAL-001816	A: I have a lot of stuff coming up due this month. I also have a lot of purchasing goals as well. I am confident I will be able to meet all of them.	B: That's great. I'm sure you'll be able to meet them soon.	A: Thank you for the encouragement, I hope so too!_x000D_	B: I wish you the best of luck!	A: Thank you so much	B: I wish you the best of luck!
IEVAL-001817	A: I have a lot of stuff coming up due this month. I also have a lot of purchasing goals as well. I am confident I will be able to meet all of them.	B: that ' s great ! i ' m sure you ' ll do great ! what are your goals ?	A: I hope to purchase a gift for my parents and one for my niece	B: that sounds like a great goal ! i wish you the best of luck ! i hope you have a great day !	A: thank you so much....you too!	B: you ' re welcome ! it ' s always good to have a good day . i hope everything goes well for you !
IEVAL-001818	A: I have a lot of stuff coming up due this month. I also have a lot of purchasing goals as well. I am confident I will be able to meet all of them.	B: That's great! What kind of things do you have?	A: I have a bonus coming in so I will be able to splurge for a pair fo shoes	B: That's great! I hope you have a great time!	A: I hope so too	B: Thank you! I hope so too! I hope you have a great time!
IEVAL-001819	A: I have a lot of stuff coming up due this month. I also have a lot of purchasing goals as well. I am confident I will be able to meet all of them.	B: that is great . i am sure you will do well . 	A: thank you for the vote of confidence_x000D_	B: that is great ! i am happy for you . i am sure you will be able to help you get the rest of your life . 	A: it is a step in the right direction	B: i am sorry to hear that . i hope you have a good feeling . 
IEVAL-001820	A: As a momma's boy I always missed my mom anytime she was gone for an extended period of time.	B: That is so sweet of her.	A: It was not sweet of her to leave me, you must have heard wrong	B: That is so sweet of her.	A: I just said that I missed her when she left.	B: That is so sweet of her.
IEVAL-001821	A: As a momma's boy I always missed my mom anytime she was gone for an extended period of time.	B: i ' m sorry to hear that . how long did it take for you to get back together ?	A: It would depend on how much time she would leave, weeks or months sometimes_x000D_	B: it was a long time , but it was worth it in the end . i miss my mom a lot .	A: it always depends on the reasons your mom is leaving for, if it is for work or pleasure	B: she was a stay at home mom for me , but i miss her a lot now that she ' s gone .
IEVAL-001822	A: As a momma's boy I always missed my mom anytime she was gone for an extended period of time.	B: I am so sorry to hear that. How long has she been gone?	A: She would sometimes go away for a week for work	B: I am so sorry to hear that. How long has she been gone?	A: Like I said, she sometimes went away for a week	B: I am so sorry to hear that. How long has she been gone?
IEVAL-001823	A: As a momma's boy I always missed my mom anytime she was gone for an extended period of time.	B: i bet that is a good thing to do . i am sorry to hear that . 	A: It was a thing she had to do for work, but it was not good for me. _x000D_	B: that is a good thing to be alone . 	A: If you are an adult yes, but not when you are a child	B: i am sure you will do that ! 
IEVAL-001824	A: Hello. I care a lot about the plants in my garden. I water them, I move the earth, I try to keep them happy	B: That is very nice of you.	A: The plants in my garden are one of the most important things in my life because I care about them so much. 	B: That is very nice of you	A: My garden is mostly full of Lavender plants. Can you tell me ways to take the best care of them?	B: That is very nice of you
IEVAL-001825	A: Hello. I care a lot about the plants in my garden. I water them, I move the earth, I try to keep them happy	B: that ' s great ! what kind of plants do you have in your garden ? i ' ve always wanted to have a garden .	A: Mostly Lavender and I really love. Do you have tips for caring for Lavender plants?	B: i don ' t have much experience with lavender plants , but i do know that they need a lot of attention .	A: I care about them a lot and want them to do well. 	B: i ' m sure they ' ll do great ! i ' d love to have one of my own someday .
IEVAL-001826	A: Hello. I care a lot about the plants in my garden. I water them, I move the earth, I try to keep them happy	B: What plants do you live in?	A: I have Lavender plants and take the best care of them that I can because I want them to do well. 	B: What plants do you live in?	A: Can you give me advise on how to give my Lavender plants the best possible care?	B: What plants do you live in?
IEVAL-001827	A: Hello. I care a lot about the plants in my garden. I water them, I move the earth, I try to keep them happy	B: that sounds like fun . what are you doing for ? 	A: I want them to grow and flower beautifully. Do you have any tips for gardening?	B: yes i have to do that for a lot . 	A: Great! Can you tell me how to care for my lavender plants?	B: i am sure you are a great parent . 
IEVAL-001828	A: I have a coworker that will not stop talking. He mostly talks about himself	B: Have you talked to him about it?	A: Yes, or should say I've tried but every time he just interrupts me and goes on about something he is interested in. 	B: Maybe you should talk to him about it.	A: Yeah, I will try to do that the next time he is going on about the huge fish he caught over the weekend.	B: Maybe you should talk to him about it.
IEVAL-001829	A: I have a coworker that will not stop talking. He mostly talks about himself	B: i ' m sorry to hear that . do you have any other coworkers you can talk to ?	A: I do but every time I try he comes over and buts into our conversations. 	B: that ' s a bummer . maybe you should talk to him about it and see what he thinks .	A: I've tried but he won't listen. He will interrupt me and tell me about how great he is.	B: maybe you can ask him if he would like to talk to you about it . maybe that would help .
IEVAL-001830	A: I have a coworker that will not stop talking. He mostly talks about himself	B: Have you talked to him about it?	A: I can't get a word in. He just goes on and on about himself. 	B: Have you talked to him about it?	A: It's really annoying because he doesn't stop no matter how many times people try to interrupt him. Do you have any advice that might help?	B: No, I haven't talked to him about it. I don't want to talk to anyone about it.
IEVAL-001831	A: I have a coworker that will not stop talking. He mostly talks about himself	B: that is good , how did it go to him ? 	A: No it's not, he never stops talking and it's really annoying.	B: i am sorry , that sounds like a very annoying thing to have to do that . 	A: It's so bad that I don't even want to work with him anymore.	B: oh that is a bummer . what do you do to do ? 
IEVAL-001832	A: I'm excited to graduate college and start my career soon! I have a feeling that my life will get much better once I do.	B: That's great! How do you feel about it?	A: I am very nervous but so excited 	B: How do you feel about it?	A: I really want to impress my  interviewers with all the knowledge i have gotten 	B: That's great! How do you feel about it?
IEVAL-001833	A: I'm excited to graduate college and start my career soon! I have a feeling that my life will get much better once I do.	B: that ' s great to hear ! i hope you have a great time . what are you going to school for ?	A: I am a business major	B: that sounds like a lot of hard work . i wish you the best of luck with your career .	A: thank you. It has been lots of work, but i am positive it will lead to a good career_x000D_	B: what do you want to do with your degree ? i ' ve always wanted to go into business .
IEVAL-001834	A: I'm excited to graduate college and start my career soon! I have a feeling that my life will get much better once I do.	B: That's great! I hope you have a great time!	A: thanks its been so much work to educate myself, but i am so looking forward to working _x000D_	B: Thank you so much! I hope you have a great time!	A: I will start looking for a job monday _x000D_	B: Thank you! I hope you have a great time!
IEVAL-001835	A: I'm excited to graduate college and start my career soon! I have a feeling that my life will get much better once I do.	B: that is a pretty awesome ! what is your son ? 	A: I am a business major_x000D_	B: what kind of job is it ? 	A: i hope to work for a large investment firm	B: i hope so . what is the problem ! 
IEVAL-001836	A: My wife has been out of the country for 2 months. She's coming back soon, but it's been tough without her.	B: That's great to hear. You must be very proud of her.	A: I am proud of her, but more happy that she is coming back 	B: That's great to hear. I'm happy for you.	A: thanks. my heart missed her so much 	B: That's great to hear. I'm happy for you.
IEVAL-001837	A: My wife has been out of the country for 2 months. She's coming back soon, but it's been tough without her.	B: i ' m sorry to hear that . i hope things get better for you and she will come back soon .	A: thanks. i am counting the seconds	B: that ' s a good way to look at it . i wish you both the best of luck .	A: i appreciate your sympathy 	B: you ' re welcome . i know how hard it is to lose someone you love . i ' ve been there .
IEVAL-001838	A: My wife has been out of the country for 2 months. She's coming back soon, but it's been tough without her.	B: I'm sorry to hear that. Have you talked to her about it?	A: yes we have talked about it. which is why she is coming back	B: I am so sorry to hear that. I hope everything works out for you.	A: thank you. I hope when she comes back everything is back to normal	B: Thank you for your kind words. I hope everything works out for you.
IEVAL-001839	A: My wife has been out of the country for 2 months. She's coming back soon, but it's been tough without her.	B: that is great ! i bet you are proud of her . 	A: I am, but i have also missed her so much. I am glad she is back 	B: that is great . i am glad to hear that . 	A: thanks. 	B: that is great , i am glad for you 
IEVAL-001840	A: I'm so taken by the talents of contestants on the show Face Off -- have you ever seen it?	B: No, I haven't. What show is it?	A: It's called Face Off. Contestants take their faces off it's gnarly	B: That sounds like a great show. You must be so proud of yourself.	A: I'm rarely proud of myself. But the producers are great_x000D_	B: That sounds like a great show. You must be very proud of yourself.
IEVAL-001841	A: I'm so taken by the talents of contestants on the show Face Off -- have you ever seen it?	B: i haven ' t seen it , but i ' ve heard good things about it . what ' s it about ?	A: It's about people who take their faces off_x000D_	B: do you have any hobbies ? i like to watch makeup artists and makeup artists compete against each other .	A: I like eating watching television_x000D_	B: what kind of food do you like to eat ? i don ' t eat a lot of food .
IEVAL-001842	A: I'm so taken by the talents of contestants on the show Face Off -- have you ever seen it?	B: No, I haven't. I've never seen it.	A: What shows do you like?_x000D_	B: I've never seen it. I haven't seen it in a long time.	A: What have you seen?	B: I haven't seen it in a long time. I've never seen it.
IEVAL-001843	A: I'm so taken by the talents of contestants on the show Face Off -- have you ever seen it?	B: that does sound like a good plan . i have heard of that . i am sorry for you , but i am sorry ! 	A: Don't be sorry. The show is great	B: i am sorry to hear that . what did you do ? 	A: I tore my face off watching face off	B: oh that is awful ! did you find out what did you do to do that ? 
IEVAL-001844	A: My cat kept doing her best to wake me up last night	B: What kind of cat was it?	A: A calico. Her name is Larry._x000D_	B: That sounds like a sweet cat.	A: She is sweet. I love her very much._x000D_	B: That sounds like a sweet cat.
IEVAL-001845	A: My cat kept doing her best to wake me up last night	B: that ' s so sweet ! what kind of cat do you have ? i have a dog , he ' s my best friend .	A: A calico. Her name is Larry._x000D_	B: what is your dog ' s name ? i ' ve never heard of a dog named larry before .	A: She's a cat. Her name is Larry._x000D_	B: what do you like to do for fun ? i like to play with my cat while i ' m at work .
IEVAL-001846	A: My cat kept doing her best to wake me up last night	B: What kind of cat was it?	A: She's a calico cat. Her name is Larry._x000D_	B: What kind of cat was it?	A: A calico	B: It's a bearded dragon. I have never heard of it.
IEVAL-001847	A: My cat kept doing her best to wake me up last night	B: that must be fun . what kind of dog do you like ? 	A: I like poodles_x000D_	B: that is great ! what kind did you get ? 	A: A calico. Her name is Larry._x000D_	B: oh , what is your favorite part of the most of us ? 
IEVAL-001848	A: My daughter is such a talented and creative young artist. When she was nominated to be 'Most Artistic' at school, I felt very secure she would win, because she really is amazing!	B: You must be very proud of her.	A: Certainly! I am extremely happy about her	B: You must be very proud of her.	A: Yes.  She does good things. So  i am proud of her	B: That's great. You must be very proud of her.
IEVAL-001849	A: My daughter is such a talented and creative young artist. When she was nominated to be 'Most Artistic' at school, I felt very secure she would win, because she really is amazing!	B: that ' s great to hear . what kind of art do you like to do ? do you have a favorite artist ?	A: My daughter likes to draw with crayons	B: that sounds like a lot of fun . i ' m sure she ' ll be great at it .	A: She is very good and nicely draw what she sees	B: it ' s good that she ' s able to do that . i wish i had a daughter like that .
IEVAL-001850	A: My daughter is such a talented and creative young artist. When she was nominated to be 'Most Artistic' at school, I felt very secure she would win, because she really is amazing!	B: You must be so proud of her!	A: I am very proud of my daughter	B: Thank you! I am so proud of her!	A: Very happy to hear that	B: Thank you! I am so proud of her!
IEVAL-001851	A: My daughter is such a talented and creative young artist. When she was nominated to be 'Most Artistic' at school, I felt very secure she would win, because she really is amazing!	B: that is a good thing to have ! that sounds like a lot of fun ! how long have you been together ? 	A: I am with her for 35 years	B: that is a great attitude . what did you do for her ? 	A: I always get her what she likes	B: i am sure that she is a good thing for a good relationship . 
IEVAL-001852	A: I love my cat, but she is driving me crazy constantly rubbing up against my face. I have so much cat hair in my nose.	B: What kind of cat do you have?	A: I have Siamese cat	B: Oh that's a cute cat. I love cats.	A: I also love cats very much. They are very playful.	B: That sounds like a lot of cats. I love cats too.
IEVAL-001853	A: I love my cat, but she is driving me crazy constantly rubbing up against my face. I have so much cat hair in my nose.	B: i ' m sorry to hear that . what kind of cat is it ? do you have any other pets ?	A: This is a Siamese cat. I do not have any other pets	B: i ' ve never heard of that breed before . do you know what breed of cat it is ?	A: The Siamese cat comes in two distinct variations: traditional, with an apple-shaped head and a slightly chubby body; 	B: wow , that ' s pretty cool . i ' d love to have one of my own someday .
IEVAL-001854	A: I love my cat, but she is driving me crazy constantly rubbing up against my face. I have so much cat hair in my nose.	B: I am so sorry to hear that. Have you talked to her about it?	A: Yes. She likes me so much that is why she don't want to leave me alone	B: I am so sorry to hear that. Have you talked to her about it?	A: She does not want to listen to me this time	B: No, I haven't talked to her about it. I am so sorry to hear that.
IEVAL-001855	A: I love my cat, but she is driving me crazy constantly rubbing up against my face. I have so much cat hair in my nose.	B: oh my goodness ! that sounds like a lot of cat 's dog . i love dogs ! 	A: I also love dogs but i like cats more than dogs	B: oh that is so sweet ! i have a dog for me ! i love cats , but i love cats 	A: That is wonderful! Have fun with cats and dog	B: that is a great idea ! i am glad you are ok ! 
IEVAL-001856	A: I recently met a new person that I am very fond of. I want to give her my love and care.	B: What kind of person is she?	A: she is a kind person full of energy and lots of creativity	B: She sounds like a great person.	A: She really is and she brings out the best in me. I want to spend more time with her.	B: That sounds like a great person.
IEVAL-001857	A: I recently met a new person that I am very fond of. I want to give her my love and care.	B: that ' s great . i ' m sure you ' ll be able to find the right person .	A: well she might be the one for me	B: i wish you the best of luck . i hope you find the one you ' re looking for .	A: thanks so much i am so in love with her	B: it ' s always good to be in love , even if you don ' t know each other .
IEVAL-001858	A: I recently met a new person that I am very fond of. I want to give her my love and care.	B: That's great! How long have you two been together?	A: weve been together for 3 months now and full of pep and love	B: That's a long time. How long have you been together?	A: It has been a lot of fun getting to know her. I want to care for her now and move in together. 	B: That's a long time. Have you talked to her about it?
IEVAL-001859	A: I recently met a new person that I am very fond of. I want to give her my love and care.	B: i am glad you found a new friends ! how old is she ? 	A: she is the same age as me	B: that is great . what did you do to have ? 	A: we work together and have fun	B: that is awesome ! what is the name ? 
IEVAL-001860	A: I took a huge test today and man it made me so nervous. I really hope I did well on it.	B: What kind of test was it?	A: it was a history test, i really studied hard 	B: What kind of test was it?	A: history like i said	B: It was very interesting. I'm glad you did well on it.
IEVAL-001861	A: I took a huge test today and man it made me so nervous. I really hope I did well on it.	B: i ' m sure you did ! i hope you did well ! what kind of test was it ?	A: it was a history test _x000D_	B: i think i did pretty good on it , but i ' ll have to study harder next time .	A: I studied hard so hopefully I passed	B: i hope so too . it ' s been a long time since i ' ve taken a history class .
IEVAL-001862	A: I took a huge test today and man it made me so nervous. I really hope I did well on it.	B: What kind of test was it?	A: It was a hard English one lol, I hope if i fail i can retake it. 	B: I hope you do well on it. I hope you did well on it!	A: yes me too	B: Thank you! I hope you did well on it!
IEVAL-001863	A: I took a huge test today and man it made me so nervous. I really hope I did well on it.	B: well , i hope you do not have to worry about it . it is good to hear you are okay ! 	A: I will deal with it either way I guess	B: what do you do ? 	A: I am a student 	B: that is great ! i am sure you are a great parent . 
IEVAL-001864	A: I love my husband so much I could never cheat on him.	B: How long have you been married?	A: It has been more than 10 years. 	B: How long have you been married?	A: It has been more than 10 years. 	B: That is a long time. How long have you been married?
IEVAL-001865	A: I love my husband so much I could never cheat on him.	B: that ' s great ! i ' m glad you ' re able to have such a great relationship with your husband .	A: Thank you. Everybody should be faithful to their partner.	B: i agree . it ' s good that you have a good relationship with him . i wish you all the best .	A: Would you cheat on your husband if he cheats on you?	B: i don ' t think i would cheat on my husband . i think he ' d cheat on me .
IEVAL-001866	A: I love my husband so much I could never cheat on him.	B: Why did you cheat on him?	A: I did not cheat on him.	B: Why did you cheat on him?	A: I did not cheat on him.	B: Why did you cheat on him?
IEVAL-001867	A: I love my husband so much I could never cheat on him.	B: i love that when you have a friend who is there for a lot of people . 	A: I am talking about my husband not a friend. 	B: that is not good ! how long have you had to do it for ? 	A: Would you cheat on your partner?	B: i have a friend who is not for you . 
IEVAL-001868	A: i cant get near spiders, even if i see them in pictures they freak me out	B: What kind of spiders?	A: All kinds of them. 	B: they are creepy	A: I feel the same way. They are very creepy. 	B: I would be too
IEVAL-001869	A: i cant get near spiders, even if i see them in pictures they freak me out	B: i can ' t get near them either . i ' m afraid of them because i ' ve never seen one in person .	A: Some humans are very terrified of spiders. 	B: i don ' t think i ' ll ever be able to get close enough to one . they scare me .	A: I understand you. 	B: do you have any phobias ? i have a phobia of spiders because of the way they look .
IEVAL-001870	A: i cant get near spiders, even if i see them in pictures they freak me out	B: I am so sorry to hear that. What do you think you are doing?	A: I feel terrified when I see a spider. 	B: What do you think you are doing?	A: I feel terrified when I see a spider. 	B: I don't know what you are talking about. I am not sure what you are doing.
IEVAL-001871	A: i cant get near spiders, even if i see them in pictures they freak me out	B: that sounds like fun . i have never heard of that , but i am sorry to hear that . what happened ? 	A: When I see a spider I get scared. 	B: oh that is scary ! did you get any trouble ? 	A: Not so far. 	B: that is a good feeling to have to deal with it . 
IEVAL-001872	A: I have all my kids' things ready for the first day of school tomorrow!	B: Awesome! What are you going to school for?	A: I am dropping my kids off for a field trip.	B: That's awesome! What are you going to school for?	A: You are not listening.	B: I am! I am sure you are going to be a great parent!
IEVAL-001873	A: I have all my kids' things ready for the first day of school tomorrow!	B: that ' s great ! i ' m sure you ' ll have a lot of fun with them !	A: I have to go into the office tomorrow. UGH	B: yeah , it ' s going to be a long day . i can ' t wait to get home .	A: It's going to snow a lot so I have to shovel the driveway.	B: what are you going to do with the rest of the day ? i hope you have a good day !
IEVAL-001874	A: I have all my kids' things ready for the first day of school tomorrow!	B: Are you excited for them?	A: Totally.	B: I am! I am so excited for them!	A: You're so sweet.	B: I am so excited for them!
IEVAL-001875	A: I have all my kids' things ready for the first day of school tomorrow!	B: oh wow ! i bet it is a great feeling ! 	A: It is because I have so much to do tomorrow.	B: i know that feeling ! do you have any plans for the doctor ? 	A: Doctor Who?	B: i know that is a good thing 
IEVAL-001876	A: Last night was crazy. I couldn't relax even though I really wanted to. I was in a house full of people screaming and yelling.	B: Oh no! What happened next?	A: Oh, just people fighting. I am super tired.	B: That sounds like a lot of fun.	A: Not really haha	B: That sounds like a lot of fun.
IEVAL-001877	A: Last night was crazy. I couldn't relax even though I really wanted to. I was in a house full of people screaming and yelling.	B: i ' m sorry to hear that . i ' ve had that happen to me a few times .	A: How did you handle it?	B: that ' s good to hear . it ' s always good to be prepared for situations like that .	A: How did you handle the conflict?	B: what did you end up doing to get away from it ? i hope it wasn ' t too stressful .
IEVAL-001878	A: Last night was crazy. I couldn't relax even though I really wanted to. I was in a house full of people screaming and yelling.	B: Oh no, what happened?	A: My sister started fighting with my aunt. It was crazy.	B: Oh no! I'm so sorry to hear that. What happened?	A: My sister accused her for telling my mom about an incident involving my sister.	B: Oh no, I'm so sorry to hear that. I'm sorry you had to deal with that.
IEVAL-001879	A: Last night was crazy. I couldn't relax even though I really wanted to. I was in a house full of people screaming and yelling.	B: that is good . i have never seen a before but i was there a lot of times . i am sure you will not be too . 	A: What are you talking about? You are not making sense.	B: that is a good feeling , it is a good thing to do 	A: What is a good thing to do?	B: what are you going to do ? 
IEVAL-001880	A: I was sitting on my back deck drinking a cup of coffee and just felt so wholesome and happy with life. It was great . You ever have any of those moments?	B: Yeah, it was nice to have a cup of coffee.	A: Yes it was relaxing to sit back and reflect on the positive aspects of my life._x000D_	B: What kind of coffee was it?	A: It was a hot decaffeinated coffee.	B: That sounds like a good cup of coffee!
IEVAL-001881	A: I was sitting on my back deck drinking a cup of coffee and just felt so wholesome and happy with life. It was great . You ever have any of those moments?	B: i ' ve had moments like that . i ' m glad you had a good time with it .	A: Thanks it was very relaxing to sit back and reflect on the good things in life_x000D_	B: do you have any hobbies that you like to do while you ' re on the deck ?	A: I like to primarily relax when I am on the deck.	B: that ' s a great way to spend the day . what else do you do on your deck ?
IEVAL-001882	A: I was sitting on my back deck drinking a cup of coffee and just felt so wholesome and happy with life. It was great . You ever have any of those moments?	B: No, I've never had a cup of coffee in my life.	A: Oh wow. You don't like coffee?_x000D_	B: I don't either. I don't like coffee either.	A: Ok.  Do you ever sit back and relax and reflect on life?_x000D_	B: No, I don't like coffee either.
IEVAL-001883	A: I was sitting on my back deck drinking a cup of coffee and just felt so wholesome and happy with life. It was great . You ever have any of those moments?	B: i love my family . 	A: That's great I do too.  It's nice to sit on the deck and think about the good things in life.	B: it is a great feeling . it is always a great feeling . it is a good thing to be happy to have . 	A: Yes I agree.   Being content is a good thing.	B: i am glad for you . i hope it all works out for me . 
IEVAL-001884	A: Someone came to my door with a gun the other day.	B: What kind of gun was it?	A: I don't know.  It looked like a 9mm. 	B: What kind of gun was it?	A: Like I said I don't know.  I provided a description to the police they are looking into it._x000D_	B: What kind of gun was it?
IEVAL-001885	A: Someone came to my door with a gun the other day.	B: oh no ! that ' s terrible ! did you have to call the police or did they have a gun ?	A: They had a gun and I was able to call the police after they left._x000D_	B: i ' m glad they didn ' t break into my house . i would have been so scared .	A: Yes. It was a very scary experience.  I do not wish that upon anyone_x000D_	B: i am glad you were able to get out of there . i hope you have a safe home .
IEVAL-001886	A: Someone came to my door with a gun the other day.	B: What did you do?	A: I was afraid.  They wanted money but I didn't have money on hand.  So he was able to steal some things from the house.	B: I am so sorry to hear that. Did you find out who did it?	A: Not yet.  I provided a description to the police.  They are still investigating possible suspects.	B: I am so sorry to hear that. I hope you find out who did it.
IEVAL-001887	A: Someone came to my door with a gun the other day.	B: oh , that is a nice thing to do . what did you do ? 	A: He wanted money but I didn't have any money on hand.  So he stole some items from the house.	B: oh that is so bad . what did he do 	A: He stole some items from the house and left._x000D_	B: i am sorry . i am sorry to hear it is a bit better to lose . 
IEVAL-001888	A: I just applied for graduate school! I feel good about my chances!	B: That's great! How do you feel about it?	A: Hopefully I'll get accepted. 	B: That's great! How do you feel about it?	A: I already answered that question.	B: How do you feel about it?
IEVAL-001889	A: I just applied for graduate school! I feel good about my chances!	B: that ' s great ! i ' m sure you ' ll do great ! what are you studying ?	A: I applied to the PhD program in nutritional biochemistry and metabolism.	B: wow , that sounds like a lot of work ! i hope you get the job you ' re looking for !	A: It's definitely going to be a lot of work, but worth it. I haven't started looking for jobs just yet, but thank you for the faith in me.	B: no problem ! i wish you the best of luck in your future endeavors with your graduate degree !
IEVAL-001890	A: I just applied for graduate school! I feel good about my chances!	B: That's great! What are you studying?	A: I applied to the program in nutritional biochemistry and metabolism.	B: That's great! I'm sure you'll do great!	A: Thank you! I love biochemistry, but the classes are still tough.	B: That's great! I'm sure you'll do great!
IEVAL-001891	A: I just applied for graduate school! I feel good about my chances!	B: that is great ! you must be proud of yourself ! 	A: I am! I hope that I get into my top choice school.	B: i hope you get it ! 	A: Thank you! If I can finish my PhD, I'll get the research job I want.	B: that is a good attitude to be ! i am sure you will get the job . 
IEVAL-001892	A: I want to ask this girl I'm friends with out but I'm nervous to to so.	B: Why is that?	A: If she's not interested, it could hurt our friendship or make things awkward.	B: Have you talked to her about it yet?	A: No. Every time I try to say something, I pretty much have a panic attack. She's not just a pretty girl I have a crush on. She's my best friend.	B: That's great. I'm happy for you.
IEVAL-001893	A: I want to ask this girl I'm friends with out but I'm nervous to to so.	B: don ' t be too hard on yourself . it ' s not that big of a deal . you ' ll be fine .	A: Um it's actually a huge deal. If she's not interested, I could lose my best friend.	B: that ' s true , but you ' re not going to lose your best friend by asking her out .	A: You don't know that. I mean, even if we stay friends, there would always be that awkwardness.	B: well , if you want to be friends , you have to make the best of it . just be yourself .
IEVAL-001894	A: I want to ask this girl I'm friends with out but I'm nervous to to so.	B: Why is that?	A: It could ruin our friendship or make things awkward.	B: I'm sorry to hear that. Have you talked to her about it?	A: Not yet. Every time I try to talk to her, I feel like I'm having a panic attack.	B: I'm sorry to hear that. Have you talked to her about it?
IEVAL-001895	A: I want to ask this girl I'm friends with out but I'm nervous to to so.	B: i am sorry . what do you do for you ? 	A: What? I'm nervous about asking my friend out on a date. Self care won't help here lol.	B: that is a shame . it happens sometimes . 	A: I'm not sure we're part of the same conversation. You're acting like she's already rejected me. Not really what I need right now.	B: that is good , i hope you get it 
IEVAL-001896	A: The older I get, the more relaxed and just a simple happy and calm feeling I have. It is nice to just enjoy being alive.	B: How old are you?	A: I am 44.  How old are you?	B: I am 21. How old are you?	A: I am 44 years old.  What month is your birthday?	B: Wow, that is a long time ago.
IEVAL-001897	A: The older I get, the more relaxed and just a simple happy and calm feeling I have. It is nice to just enjoy being alive.	B: that ' s great to hear . i ' m glad you ' re enjoying your life . what do you do for fun ?	A: I love to bake and be with my family.  What do you do for fun?	B: i like to bake as well . i also like to play video games . what ' s your favorite game ?	A: My favorite video game is Minecraft.  Do you like Play Station of Xbox?	B: i haven ' t played minecraft , but i ' ve heard good things about it . i do like xbox .
IEVAL-001898	A: The older I get, the more relaxed and just a simple happy and calm feeling I have. It is nice to just enjoy being alive.	B: How long have you been together?	A: My husband and I?	B: We have been together for a long time. It's been a long time since we've been together.	A: Are you married?	B: No, we haven't been together for a long time. It's been a long time since we've been together.
IEVAL-001899	A: The older I get, the more relaxed and just a simple happy and calm feeling I have. It is nice to just enjoy being alive.	B: that is great . i am sure they 'll be happy for you ! 	A: What activities make you happy?	B: i love that . what is your favorite part of you ? 	A: BODY PART?	B: why ? what did you do ? 
IEVAL-001900	A: I have an older friend who I try to help out.  She lost her husband a couple years ago.	B: How old is she?	A: she is 75 years old	B: How old is she?	A: 75	B: Wow. How old is she?
IEVAL-001901	A: I have an older friend who I try to help out.  She lost her husband a couple years ago.	B: oh no , i ' m so sorry to hear that . how long have you been friends with her ?	A: since childhood.  Do you have any good friends?	B: i don ' t have many good friends , but i do have a lot of good ones . how about you ?	A: I only have a few.  Are you still in contact with friends from schooling?	B: yes , i am . it ' s been a while since i ' ve had a good relationship with them .
IEVAL-001902	A: I have an older friend who I try to help out.  She lost her husband a couple years ago.	B: I am so sorry to hear that.	A: She has alzehimers.  Do you know someone who is also suffering?	B: No, I am so sorry to hear that.	A: She is a wonderful person and its upsetting to see her go through this.	B: I am so sorry to hear that.  I hope everything works out for you.
IEVAL-001903	A: I have an older friend who I try to help out.  She lost her husband a couple years ago.	B: that is a shame , i am sure you are going to be a great place to be ! 	A: Do you have any suggestions on how to help?	B: i am glad to hear that ! i am glad you feel better ! 	A: Do you have any friends?	B: i am sorry to hear about your friends . 
IEVAL-001904	A: I just got a bonus from my job. That money came at the perfect time!	B: That's great! How much did you get?	A: $2200.	B: That's awesome! I'm happy for you!	A: Thanks. It's going to help quite a bit with my future projects.	B: That's great! I'm happy for you!
IEVAL-001905	A: I just got a bonus from my job. That money came at the perfect time!	B: that ' s awesome ! i ' m happy for you . what do you do for a living ?	A: I'm a photographer.	B: that sounds like a lot of fun . what kind of pictures do you take ? do you like it ?	A: I take minimalist black and white landscape photos. I love it.	B: i ' ve always wanted to be a landscape photographer . i ' d love to learn how to do it .
IEVAL-001906	A: I just got a bonus from my job. That money came at the perfect time!	B: That's awesome! What kind of job did you get?	A: It's the same job, photography. I just got a bonus.	B: That's great! What kind of job did you get?	A: I didn't get a new on . 	B: What kind of job did you get?
IEVAL-001907	A: I just got a bonus from my job. That money came at the perfect time!	B: congrats ! that is a good thing to do . 	A: What is a good thing to do?	B: what do you mean ? 	A: I'm asking what you meant by your comment.	B: why is that ? 
IEVAL-001908	A: I find it profoundly sad and disturbing how some people will rationalize someone else's unhinged behavior, simply to avoid admitting that maybe they made a horrible choice.	B: How do you feel about that?	A: I'm sad and disturbed.	B: How do you feel about that?	A: Annoyed, mostly.	B: I'm glad to hear that, I'm glad you feel that way.
IEVAL-001909	A: I find it profoundly sad and disturbing how some people will rationalize someone else's unhinged behavior, simply to avoid admitting that maybe they made a horrible choice.	B: i agree with you . i think it ' s sad that people can ' t see the bigger picture .	A: At least I'm not alone in thinking that. 	B: i don ' t think we ' re alone . we just have to live with it and move on .	A: That's a good point. I will move on.	B: do you have any other hobbies you like to do or do you just like to talk about it ?
IEVAL-001910	A: I find it profoundly sad and disturbing how some people will rationalize someone else's unhinged behavior, simply to avoid admitting that maybe they made a horrible choice.	B: Oh no, I'm sorry to hear that. Have you talked to them about it?	A: I haven't. perhaps I should though. 	B: Have you talked to them about it?	A: I have not. 	B: No, I haven't talked to them about it. I am so sorry to hear that.
IEVAL-001911	A: I find it profoundly sad and disturbing how some people will rationalize someone else's unhinged behavior, simply to avoid admitting that maybe they made a horrible choice.	B: oh no , i am sorry . that is a lot of money . 	A: There was no money involved. 	B: i am sorry . how did you get it ? 	A: I didn't get anythin . 	B: why ? 
IEVAL-001912	A: My husband sure did surprise me with his handiness and hard work around the house last week. He was able to accomplish so much work in a few days!	B: That's great! You must be so proud of him.	A: Yes I am	B: That's great! You must be very proud of him.	A: He is a good man to me and our kids.	B: That's great! You must be very proud of him.
IEVAL-001913	A: My husband sure did surprise me with his handiness and hard work around the house last week. He was able to accomplish so much work in a few days!	B: that ' s great ! it ' s always nice to have a partner that can do that for you .	A: I am happy to have him as my husband.	B: i ' m happy for you and your husband . i wish i had a husband like that in my life .	A: Thank you.	B: you ' re welcome . do you have any other hobbies that you ' d like to share ?
IEVAL-001914	A: My husband sure did surprise me with his handiness and hard work around the house last week. He was able to accomplish so much work in a few days!	B: That's great! How long have you two been together?	A: We've been together now for 10 years.	B: That's a long time. How long have you two been together?	A: 10 Years.	B: That's a long time. It's been a long time since we've been together.
IEVAL-001915	A: My husband sure did surprise me with his handiness and hard work around the house last week. He was able to accomplish so much work in a few days!	B: i bet that was a nice surprise ! i am glad you have to deal with that . 	A: Yeah.	B: that is great ! how did it turn out ? 	A: What turned out, are you listening to me?	B: that is a good thing to be in the past . what was it ? 
IEVAL-001916	A: I am disgusted that my food didn't come out the way I wanted it	B: What kind of food was it?	A: I had ordered rice with chicken	B: What kind of rice was it?	A: I could not tell.	B: That sounds like a lot of rice.
IEVAL-001917	A: I am disgusted that my food didn't come out the way I wanted it	B: oh no ! i ' m sorry to hear that . did you complain to the manager about it ?	A: Yes but there was nothing they could do,  I was already late.	B: that ' s too bad . i hope you can get a refund . i ' ve had that happen before .	A: They did refund and apologized.	B: that is good to hear . i wish you the best of luck on your next trip to the store .
IEVAL-001918	A: I am disgusted that my food didn't come out the way I wanted it	B: What did you want it for?	A: I was making dinner for my family.	B: I'm sorry to hear that. What did you order?	A: I was preparing it myself	B: I am sorry to hear that. What did you order?
IEVAL-001919	A: I am disgusted that my food didn't come out the way I wanted it	B: that is a shame , but why ? 	A: There must have been a problem in the kitchen	B: i am sure it is a lot of work . 	A: Quite.	B: that is a good way ! 
