contra-0000	Take a seat inside and see what you think.So you will take the Porsche then , sir ?	Yes , and I want to buy the insurance too . I think it's necessary .	You're smart to buy it . At 45 dollars for three days , it is a good deal .	Can I return the car in San Francisco ?	San Francisco ? No , sir.We only have this office here . You will have to return it here .
contra-0001	Hello , take a seat please . Let's get straight to the point . This is our contract . Please read it carefully before signing .	Since we have reached an agreement on all terms , there shouldn't be any problems for the contract .	May we once more remind you that the contract should be canceled by one month notice .
contra-0002	Excuse me , Mr . Emory ? Mr . Macmillan , would like to know if you have the completed schedule for next week ?	Yes , I do , Susan . Just a moment . Here it is .	Thank you , sir . Sorry to trouble you .	Not at all , Susan . Just tell him to leave it with my secretary when he ’ s finished with it
contra-0003	Excuse me . Can you tell me how to get to City Hall ?	Yes . Go to the next corner and turn left onto Center Street . Walk three blocks to Second Avenue and turn right . Walk two more blocks and you'll see City Hall on the left .
contra-0004	It is too bad today .	What happened ?	My som was lost . I told him to stand rooted to the spot when I went shopping , but he ignored it .	How did you find him at last ?	It was the police wo helped me to do that .
contra-0005	I want a pair of sports shoes , Adidas .	What size do you want ?	I wear size 40 .
contra-0006	Have heard of Paul ?	No , what ?	He's got a promotion .	You're kidding .	No , they made him vicepresident in charge of sells .	I don't believe it.He is only being with the company for two years .
contra-0007	Scientists have found a second solar system in the universe .	What's the second solar system ?	It's just a system like ours , with a star and a number of planets going around it .	Is this good news or bad news ?	It's exciting news ! If we find a second solar system , we might find a second earth !	You mean with people on it ?	Yes ! Isn't that exciting ?
contra-0008	You'll never guess what I won at work today ! - Tickets to tonight's final NBA game .	Two , I hope and I hope that by telling me about them you are planning on taking me !	Of course ! And here's the best part , they are court side seats !	How in the world ! Who came up with seats like that from your company ?
contra-0009	Did you pack this bag yourself ? Has it been out of your possession at any time before checking-in ?	Yes , I packed it myself , and it hasn ’ t been out of my possession .	Are you bringing in any plants or animal products ?	No .
contra-0010	What are the factors that have great impact on the perspective of this corporation ?	External factors . I think the main external factors are political , economic , social and technological factors .	What are the internal factors that influence the company ?	The internal factors are composed of human resources , team spirit , innovation spirit and coordination between different departments , etc .
contra-0011	Matthew ? Hi !	Steve ! Haven't seen you in ages ! How long's it been ?	It's got to be almost a year now .	How have you been ?	I'm pretty good . I've been looking for a place to live recently . My lease runs out next month and I don't want to renew it .	Yeah , I remember the neighborhood . Have you found a place yet ?	Not yet . But I am still looking through the classifieds . Wish me luck .	Well , maybe I can help . Remember my neighbor ?	Mrs . Thou ?
contra-0012	I was surprised to see how few people you have on-site . You provide a wide range of goods and services but have a very small workforce .	It depends on the time of year . At peak times we hire in casual workers to help with packing and dispatch . We also contract out certain services all year round , for example , cleaning . We run a very tight operation !	Do you handle the recruiting yourselves ?	Sometimes we use a local employment agency . It depends on the job .
contra-0013	Jenny , what's wrong with you ? Why do you keep weeping like that ?	Mary told me that she had seen you with John last night . I got to know the fact that you are playing the field .	Honey , cross my heart , I'v never looked at another woman since the first day I set my eyes on you ! Believe me , that's the truth .
contra-0014	I'm searching for an old music box .	You came to the right place . Any particular decade ?	If you had a box made in the ' 20s , that would be nice .	We just got one in yesterday , so now we have six .	Would any of them have dancing figures ?	Yes , we still have two boxes left that have dancing figures .	Oh , they're both so beautiful . Let me have this one , I think .	That one truly is a beautiful piece of work , isn't it ?
contra-0015	Gross ! What are you doing to yourself ?	Chill ! I'm just curling my eyelashes .	It looks like some kind of primitive form of torture .	You're such a wimp ! You're afraid of an eyelash curler .
contra-0016	Hello ! This is Ruby speaking from G . O . T . International Travel Agency . What can I do for you ?	I ’ d like to make a reservation for my trip from Detroit to Beijing on April 13 on Trans Pacific Airline .	Do you want a single ticket or a round trip ticket ?	I ’ d like to have a round trip ticket with a one-year open return .	Economy or Business Class ?	Economy , please . How much is it ?	It will be $ 850 .	Very good . Could I get an electronic ticket ? I ’ m always afraid of losing my tickets .	No problem . How do you wish to pay for it ?	Bank of American card . The number is 6786 9182 12300 8657 .	Thank you ! Would you like an aisle seat or a window seat ?	An aisle seat , please . I ’ m tall and need to get up and walk pretty often .	No problem . Your ticket is for Trans Pacific Flight 87 from Detroit to Beijing at 3 forty p . m . on April 13 . You will arrive at Beijing International Airport at six 35 p . m . on April 14 . Your electronic	What time should I arrive at Detroit Airport ?	Please be at the airport two hours before your departure to check in . You also need to reconfirm your reservation with the airline at least 7 days prior to your departure .	What happens if I can ’ t leave on April 13 ? Can I cancel my ticket or change the reservation to another date ?
contra-0017	Unfortunately , according to our regulations I have to confiscate these counterfeit notes .	So , this 500 RIB is worthless ?	I'm sorry but it is our regulation , so I must follow it . We will issue you with a receipt to show that the notes you presented us with are counterfeit and have been confiscated . Then , if you wish to pay in some more cash , you are free to do so .	Right , I see . Let me give you another 500 RIB .	Here's your Passbook back and the receipt to say we confiscated the 500 RIB worth of counterfeit notes .
contra-0018	OK . Come back into the classroom , class .	Does the class start again , Mam ?	Yes , but to the heath , this break has long enough .	Oh , breaktime flies .	Come on , baby . It ’ s time now .	Mam , another minute , could I ?
contra-0019	You are looking really healthy lately . What are you doing differently ?	Thank you for noticing ! I've been making a few lifestyle changes over the past year .	Tell me about it . I'm interested .	Well , it all started when my brother challenged me to quit smoking .	Ha ! That's right . You used to smoke . I forgot !	When I kicked that habit , I found I had so much more energy . I started exercising .	At the gym ?	No . I like to be outside . I took up hiking and mountain biking .
contra-0020	Hi Jim . Do you have a minute ?	Sure , what ’ s up ?	Some of us are going to start a soccer team . Would you like to join us ?	I don ’ t know anything about it . Soccer isn ’ t as popular in my country as it is here .	That ’ s all right . We ’ ll teach you .	Is it anything like American football ?	Not very much . It ’ s something like hockey , except that you use a big ball and no stick .	I ’ ll come down and watch you play some day , and see what it ’ s like .	Good idea . I think you ’ ll like it if you give it a chance .
contra-0021	They got a divorce at last .	It's inevitable . Their love wasbuilt on the sand , and this is why their marriage has landed on the rocks .	You said it . Love but on the sand will soon be on the rocks .
contra-0022	Jane , I was wondering if you you had any plans for saturday afternoon .	A friend and I are planing to go out , why ? what's up ?	There is a special exhibition of french sculptures at the museum , I was hoping you ' d like to come with me .	I am afraid I can't I am going to be out all day .	What about sunday ?
contra-0023	What ’ s on TV tonight ?	Not much , that new reality-TV show , Ally McNeal , oooo , Dark Angel .	Wait a second . I want to watch Ally McNeal .	Oh , come on . That ’ s such a girl ’ s show .	No it ’ s not . It ’ s just funny .	Yeah , if you ’ re a girl .	Well , you just want to watch Dark Angel because of the hot girl .	That ’ s not true . Dark Angel is a good show .	It ’ s story is just an excuse to get the girl dressed up in different tight outfits .	O . K . , O . K . Let ’ s forget it . There ’ s a football game on too .	No way . I ’ m watching Ally McNeal . Go to John ’ s to watch the game .
contra-0024	Excuse me . Where is the way out ?	Well , that's what I'm looking for myself .	It's very confusing in here , isn't it ?	Absolutely . Oh , do you see a sign there ?
contra-0025	( A stranger stops to help ) Everything OK ?	No ! My tour bus got a speeding ticket not ten minutes ago . Now my engine is on fire !	I think that's just steam . Your engine's overheated .	Do you know a lot about cars ?	A little bit . I'll take a look if you want me to .	Please . Thank you so much for stopping .	Yeah , she's hot . Radiator's leaking . Looks like you were running her pretty hard .	That must have been just before I got the speeding ticket .	Did you have an accident recently ... Hey , wait a second ! I know this car !	You do ?	I ran into it a couple of weeks ago . What do you know ? Name's Hal .	I'm Akimbo . Nice to meet you , I guess .
contra-0026	So Dick , how about getting some coffee for tonight ?	Coffee ? I don ’ t honestly like that kind of stuff .	Come on , you can at least try a little , besides your cigarette .	What ’ s wrong with that ? Cigarette is the thing I go crazy for .	Not for me , Dick .
contra-0027	Hi , Dan . What's new ?	Where have you been ? I've been trying to get in touch with you for two days .	I went to Salt Lake City on business . What's up ?	I got fired .	How come ? Last time I saw you . You told me it was a good job , and you'd like to take it as a career . That was only one month ago . Why this sudden change ?	It's a long story . In a word , I didn't do a good job of it . I messed up a business deal , a deal that would have made ten million dollars and I messed it up .	What are you going to do now ?	I am trying to find a job asap . Lily doesn't know yet . I didn't tell her . I spent the past three days at the coffee shop next to your office , and she thought I went to work as usual .	That's not the way to solve the problem . Did you look in the classified advertisements column ?	Yes , I did . But I wasn't qualified for most of the jobs that I was interested in .	Listen . I will see what I can do , ok ? You go home and tell Lily about this problem you have now . She is your wife and I am sure she will understand .
contra-0028	They got a divorce at last .	It's inevitable . Their love wasbuilt on the sand , and this is why their marriage has landed on the rocks .	You said it . Love but on the sand will soon be on the rocks .
contra-0029	Hi , Tina , I ’ Ve got good news . I have successfully passed the first two rounds of interview with ABC Company . They informed me to go to the final round next Monday . It looks very promising .	That is awesome . Congratulation ! I know you can make it .	Thanks . Let ’ s go for a celebration this evening . Are you free ?
contra-0030	Excuse me , i am a new student here . Could you tell me where the English Department is ?	It is in that brand new , tall building over there . On the 9th floor .	Where is the school cafeteria ?	It is the basement of that red building in front of the tower with big bells .	Where is the Computer Center ?	The Computer Center is on the first floor of the library .	Where is the library ?	The library is next to the Adminstration Building . The Adminstration Building is over there near the school ’ s main entrance . There are school maps for free in the lobby of the Admin .
contra-0031	Gross ! What are you doing to yourself ?	Chill ! I'm just curling my eyelashes .	It looks like some kind of primitive form of torture .	You're such a wimp ! You're afraid of an eyelash curler .
contra-0032	Where are you going , Jane ?	I'm going to the hospital to see Susan .	I saw her yesterday.She was a little better .
contra-0033	Excuse me . Do you study Chinese at this university ?	Yes , I do . But my characters are very bad .	It takes a long time to learn Chinese writing .	Are you Chinese by birth ?	Yes , I am . I am from Guangzhou . I am here to study international relations .
contra-0034	Hey , look , there is a circus show over there .	I'm not in the mood .	It's the circus .	I don't want to sit there and watch them torturing the animals .	Oh , come on , they give them treat too.Oh , look , that little monkey is so cute .	Cute ? Hope so .	Oh , it is coming to us , come on , Ben , get a banana to it .	Me ? No way , keep him away from me , please .	Why are you acting so strange today ?
contra-0035	Hey Mel ! Are you up for some tennis today ?	Sorry , I can ’ t ! I have to go to work , pick up Jake and Maddie from school , and make them an afternoon snack , then take Jake to soccer practice and Maddie to dance class .	You sound exhausted . Maybe you should hire a nanny to help you out ! She can pick the kids up and take them to their after-school activities . She can also help you do some household chores , and run so	Oh , I don ’ t know ... it ’ s hard to find the right nanny . You have to consider her previous work experience , the responsibilities you give her , and how she interacts with the kids . I would love to have
contra-0036	How may I help you ?	I ’ m having a problem .	What problem are you having ?	There have been charges made on my debit card that I didn ’ t make .	Do you have the statement for your card ?	Here it is .	What are the charges you ’ re referring to ?	The last four charges on the page .	I ’ m afraid we ’ re going to have to investigate these charges .	How long will an investigation take ?	I honestly don ’ t know , but we will freeze payment on these charges .
contra-0037	I heard you've found a new job .	Yes , I'm now working in a company .	So you're quite happy with your new job ?	Right . I enjoy what I'm doing .
contra-0038	Have you heard what happened ?	Heard what ?	Deborah already had her baby .
contra-0039	After the financial crisis , many industries are in incredibly cloudy situations . How do you think about our company ?	The outlook in the future is very positive . Because we have been in this field for hundreds of years and we know how to survive this crisis safely .	As the department I am applying for is expanding , I would like to contribute by effort .	Great . Welcome to our company .
contra-0040	Good morning . Thank you for the interview .	No problem . Now , do you prefer working with others or flying solo ?	Actually , I enjoy both .	So , what is most important to you in a job ? Do you need job security or professional growth and a chance to advance ?	I need job security .	Would you be able to relocate ?	I am open to relocating .
contra-0041	This house is not looking all that great from here	You can ’ t really tell everything about a house from the outside . Let ’ s go inside .	I don ’ t think that it is looking any better inside here .	I think that fresh paint and cleaning would help it look a little better .	It is just too dark in here with so few windows .	I hear that the kitchen is quite large . Let ’ s go check it out .	The kitchen may be large , but it doesn ’ t have any storage space .	The master suite is supposed to be quite elegant . Maybe it will be a little better .
contra-0042	Look , how grand magnificent the Tiananmen Gate tour is !	What's Tiananmen famous for ?	It is largest pop square in the world.you see that is monument for the people's hero , and the Chairman Mao memorial hall on the south.there is great hall of the people on the west.there are two museums on the east .	What's that ?	That's the Forbidden city on the north of Gate building .	All the sightseeing in china is very attractive and crescive.travelling to China is very worth one.thank you so much for your guides , and I'll miss you .
contra-0043	how are you doing , Christopher ?	to be honest , I'm really fed up with work at the moment . I need a break !	are you doing anything this weekend ?	I have to work on Saturday all day ! I really hate my job !	are you available on Sunday ?	yes , that's my only day off until Thursday .	ok , well , my friends and I are planning on going to the beach on Sunday . We tend to leave around noon whenever we go anywhere , so you could still sleep in . Do you want to come with us ?	that'd be fantastic ! Which beach are you going to ?	it's a quiet beach just about an hour outside of the city .	what should I bring with me ?	we've got plenty of inflatables , but if you want to sit on a chair , you'll have to bring your own sunlounger .	I can just use my beach towel . I love lazing around in the sun .	do you like surfing ?	I've actually never tired . Do you have a surfboard ?	we've got a few . I can teach you how to surf on Sunday . It'll be fun !
contra-0044	What's up ?	Nothing much , what's going on ?	I'm having a party this Friday .
contra-0045	Hide me , Yi-jun ! The kids all think I'm the real Easter bunny !	Aw , that's sweet ! I knew your costume would be a success .	It's a success all right . The kids keep trying to catch me .	Yeah , I saw that . I thought you were playing a game with them .	Some game ! You try being tackled by ten kids at once !	Um , Holly ? Look behind you . They're coming this way .
contra-0046	Matthew ? Hi !	Steve ! Haven't seen you in ages ! How long's it been ?	It's got to be almost a year now .	How have you been ?	I'm pretty good . I've been looking for a place to live recently . My lease runs out next month and I don't want to renew it .	Yeah , I remember the neighborhood . Have you found a place yet ?	Not yet . But I am still looking through the classifieds . Wish me luck .	Well , maybe I can help . Remember my neighbor ?	Mrs . Thou ?	Yes , her daughter's having a baby , so she's moving in with her to help out . I think if you are interested , you can come over and have a look .	Great . It's a lovely neighborhood . And it would be nice to be neighbors again . It would be just like the old days !	I'll ask Mrs . Thou when she's available to show the apartment and let you know . Has your number changed ?
contra-0047	I prefer potatoes to eggplants .	I feel eggplants are more nutritious .	But as a matter of fact , potatoes taste better .	Oh , that's how you see it .
contra-0048	Has your company been affected much by government legislation ?	Yes , we have . We've had to clean up our production process a lot to meet tough government standards .	What about your use of raw materials ?	Well , we've had to cut down the amount of solvents we use and we ’ re not allowed to use lead in our products any more .
contra-0049	Good morning . May I help you ?	Yes , I'd like to check out now . My name's Adams , room 312 . Here's the key .	One moment , please , sir . ... Here's your bill . Would you like to check and see if the amount is correct ?	What's the 14 pounds for ?	That's for the phone calls you made from your room .	Can I pay with traveller's cheques ?	Certainly . May I have your passport , please ?
contra-0050	Ms . Wang , this is Mr . Cooper , president of Ivy Publishing .	It's nice to meet you , Mr . Cooper .	Nice to meet you , Ms . Wang . You must be exhausted after your long trip from Canada .
contra-0051	Hey Mel ! Are you up for some tennis today ?	Sorry , I can ’ t ! I have to go to work , pick up Jake and Maddie from school , and make them an afternoon snack , then take Jake to soccer practice and Maddie to dance class .
contra-0052	Room service.What can I do for you ?	l am afraid there isn't any fancy soap in my room .	Sorry sir , we will bring you one.Anything else ?
contra-0053	Can we choose a time to look at houses together ?	Can you do that in the mornings , or would the afternoons be best ?	Either way is good for me .	There are a number of open houses this weekend in your area . Would that okay with you ?	I can take a little time off of work , or I can go on a weekend , also .	We could meet at the real estate office , or I could pick you up at your home .	I am leaving from work , so maybe I could just meet you at the first house that we will look at .	I can think of five houses that we should look at . It will take most of the day .
contra-0054	Could you show me what you've got ?	We've got several good chicken dishes if you like chicken .	We'll try one of your specials this time .	This is worth trying .
contra-0055	As we know , mobile phones bring people great convenience and shorten the distance among friends and relatives .	It bears a great many of advantages , but also some weak points .	Is it ? I've never thought of any disadvantages of the mobile phone .
contra-0056	Lucy , I ’ d like to fix the light in the corridor , it keeps flashing , which drives me crazy . Would you like to help me with the ladder ?	Monica , wait a moment . I think we ’ d better call the repair man to do it .	I think I can handle it by myself .
contra-0057	It's quiet everywhere in winter .	Yes . I like winter .	Me too .	It's snowing heavily . What about taking a walk ?	That's a good idea . Let's go !	What a heavy snow ! Look ! The water is frozen .	Take care ! Don't slip on the ground .	I've got it . I like the feeling of stepping on the ice .
contra-0058	Ella , it's been such a long week . I'm ready to go out and party . Hey , let's go out for a night on the town .	Gosh , you took all the word right out of my mouth . Let's go out and get crazy tonight .	Let's go to the new club on West Street .	Sure , but what do I wear ?
contra-0059	How do you spend your day , Helen ?	Well , on weekdays I get up around ten . Then I read the paper for an hour and have lunch at about noon .	Really ? What time do you go to work ?	I start work at three .	And when do you get home at night ?	I get home pretty late , around midnight .
contra-0060	Good evening , Pizza House . This is Marty speaking.May I take your order ?	Um yes . I'd like a medium pizza with pepperoni , olives , and extra cheese .	We have a two-for-one special on large pizzas.Would you like a large pizza instead ?	Sure , that sounds good .	Great ! Would you like your second pizza to be the same as the first ?	No , make the second one with ham , pineapple and green peppers . Oh , and make it thin crust .	Okay , thin crust . Your total is $ 21.50 and yourorder will arrive in thirty minutes or it ’ s free !	Perfect . Thank you . Bye ..
contra-0061	What's wrong with you , young man ?	Doctor , I have a bad cough and a headache .	Do you have a fever ?	I don't know , but I feel terrible .	Let me examine you . Don't worry . It's nothing serious .	Do you think I should lie in bed ?	Yes , stay in bed and drink a lot of water . Your fever will be gone in a day or two .	OK . Do you think I can play football tomorrow ?	Of course not . You need a good rest .
contra-0062	How old is Keith ?	He's 21 . How old is James ?	He's a year older than Keith , but he looks younger .	How's your father ?	He's fine . He retired last week . It's a turning point in his life . Now he can relax and enjoy his retirement .	He can spend more time with his grandchildren .	Oh , I don't think he wants to . He wants to travel to several different countries around the world .
contra-0063	Hello ?	Hi , Mr . Smith . This is Mary . Is Jenny there ?	No , I ’ m afraid not , Mary . May I take a message for her ?
contra-0064	The Johnson are on their way back.You remember them , don't you ?	Johnson ? I can't place them .	We met them in Bermuda last May .	They've completely slipped my mind .
contra-0065	What were you and Richard talking about earlier ? It looked intense .	Yeah , Richard said something to me that I didn't appreciate .	Oh , no . I know how insensitive he can be . What has he done now ?	He asked me how long it took me to learn English .	But , you were born and raised in California !	Yeah , but I get that sometimes . It doesn't matter how many generations my family has lived in the U . S . , we'll always be foreigners in their eyes .	What a racist ! How can you stand working with the guy ?	You know , Richard isn't such a bad guy . He made the comment out of ignorance , not malice .	So , what did you say when he asked you how long it took you to learn English ?	I told him 28 years . And , he knows I'm 28 years old since I just celebrated my birthday last week . He was puzzled for a minute , and then he got it .	Are you sure he really got the message ?	Yeah , I'm pretty sure since I then asked him how long it took him to learn English .	That's hilarious ! What did he say ?	He said , ' 36 years , ' and we both laughed about it . He apologized and now , it's all good .
contra-0066	Did you set your clock forward for daylight savings time ?	What ? Why do we have to do that ?	Well , at the start of the spring we usually have more daylight in the mornings and less in the afternoon . This is basically due to our position on the planet and the rotation of the earth . In any case , to take better advantage of the daylight available , we compensate by moving our clocks forward one hour .	I see . That ’ s convenient ! I never understood things like this , such as GMT . I never know what time zone we are in or when to change my clock !	That just stands for Greenwich Mean Time . Here in California , we are in Pacific Standard Time , that is eight time zones west of Greenwich . Remember when we were in Beijing ? Well , then we were in China Standard Time , and that ’ s eight time zones east of Greenwich !
contra-0067	Take a seat inside and see what you think.So you will take the Porsche then , sir ?	Yes , and I want to buy the insurance too . I think it's necessary .	You're smart to buy it . At 45 dollars for three days , it is a good deal .	Can I return the car in San Francisco ?
contra-0068	You still have not given me those files I ’ Ve asked you for .
contra-0069	What are the most popular sports in your country ?	Swimming in summer and skating in winter.What ' s your favorite sport ?	Jogging and bowling . Do you know how to practise Bungfu ?	No I don't But l do Taijiquan or Shadow boxing.People everywhere in China usually do Taijiquan early in the morning.It can help people keep fit.It has a history of over three hundred years .	Is it easy to learn ?	Yes . it is I can teach you if you like .	Thank you . I can teach you how to bowl .	Right . Let's help each other .
contra-0070	Hi , Jack , how have you been ?	Not very well .	Why ? Looks like you're feeling very down ! What happened ?	Nothing .	Come on . For a man who's feeling so , down , there're usually two reasons . Either his career is going downhill , or he has a broken heart . Since you're so successful , it must be the latter .	Well , you're right . I just broke up with Jane .	Oh , I'm sorry . I thought you two were made for each ocher .	Well , you never know . I'm ready for a commitment and want to settle down , but she says she wants to pursue her career while she's still young .	Well , she is not to blame . It's always difficult to choose between career and family .	Maybe you're right .	Jack , I don't know what to say to comfort you , but cheer up ! There are plenty of fish in the sea and you'll find your soul mate , your perfect match !
contra-0071	Abby Park Hotel . Can I help you ?	Yes , I would like to book a room for my wife and myself .	Certainly sir . Could I have your arrival and departure dates ?	We will be arriving on Tuesday next week and staying for two days .	We have a double room for you with a nice view of the park . Would that be OK ?	Yes , that would be great . How much is the room ?	It is ninety-five pounds per night . It is a double room with a bathroom . There is a fridge , coffee maker and a television in the room .	Does the bathroom have a bath or a shower ?	All our bathrooms have full size baths with a shower attachment .	Does the room have an Internet connection ?	Yes , all our rooms have complimentary wireless Internet .	Excellent . Do you serve breakfast in the hotel ?
contra-0072	hi , Bob , I am so glad that you came .	of course I'd come . I couldn't think of a better chance to see all my old friends .	yeah . It's hard to believe that it's been ten years since graduation . It feels just yesterday we collected our diplomas .	how time flies . But hey , how are things going with you ?	oh , where to start ? There have been ups and downs . I'm still trying to find my place in this world . It's only recently that I've been able to start settling down . How about you ? You still with Jenn	yeah , Jenny and I got married right after graduation . It was tough the first years trying to make ends meet . I was supporting us both while she continued her studies . But now things are getting better	oh , that sounds wonderful . I have always known you two would make it . I hope I can keep in better contact with you guys . I don't want us to drift apart again .	definitely ! Actually , we just moved into a new place . There's a house-warming party this Saturday , if you are free ? I know Jenny would love to see you again and it should be a good party .
contra-0073	Oh , hi , Jessica , are you going to see this movie too ?	I'd love to , the movies are smash hit .	Then let's go in .	I can't . I'm waiting for Paul , but he's late .	I'll say the movie's starting in the minute .
contra-0074	Hello , Sir . So , you are back ?	Yes , hello again . I would like to know the exact difference between Dividend Deposit and Dividend Participated Deposit .	That's pretty easy to explain . With the Deposit , the interest is fixed , but the Dividend of each policy will be transferred automatically into your bank account by the end of each year . The longer the term , the higher the Dividend you earn . This is because it is calculated at the Compound Interest Rate .	And I can purchase that here ?	Yes . And if you already have a Current Account with us , the Insurance Premium can be paid through it , which saves all of us a lot of hassle .
contra-0075	Even if our company didn't have a dress code , I still think people would wear formal clothing to work .	I wouldn't be so sure ... People want to wear what they feel most comfortable in .	Maybe that's true for some positions , but I think the marketing and sales staff would definitely not agree . They dress for success ! You can't go out on a sales call if you are dressed in jeans . It's just not respectful to you client .	I think what you wear is so overrated . I would rather have a down-to-earth , honest and solid sales person than a painted , patent leather , designer suite salesman .	It's not as simple as that . People judge you by your appearance , whether you like it or not . So dressing professional is being professional . The image that you portray to others is so important in business . It's your image and how others perceive you that makes the difference between landing or losing a sale .	Maybe you're right , but I'll take my sneakers and jeans any day !
contra-0076	What's that book you have under your arm ?	It's the best seller everyone's been talking about for the last six months .	How in the world did you get a copy ? I've put a hold on it at the public library for weeks and I'm still waiting my turn .	I checked it out of the rental library . It only costs five cents a day .	Is it really worth paying for ?	I can't tell yet . I haven't got beyond the first chapter .
contra-0077	Excuse me . Check please .	OK , how was everything ?	Very nice . Thank you .
contra-0078	I often recalled the days when Tom and I were madly in love .	Very romantic ?	Yeah . He always tickled my finny bone with his college stories .
contra-0079	Excuse me . Do you study Chinese at this university ?	Yes , I do . But my characters are very bad .	It takes a long time to learn Chinese writing .
contra-0080	Man , I'm hungry . Do you know a good place to have lunch ?	Yes , I know a great place . What types of food do you like ?	Mexican , Japanese or Chinese would be great .	Oh , I know a place where you might like to eat .	Is it close by ?	It's down a block on the right ; can I show you the way ?
contra-0081	Let ’ s play a game !	OK ! How about Scrabble ?	No , no , a friend of mine taught me this really fun game . I ’ m going to describe someone ’ s face , and you guess who it is !	OK !	Let ’ s see . He has a roman nose , bushy eyebrows and dimples !
contra-0082	Tim ’ s smiles are interesting .	Yes , they are shy and gentle but very powerful .	You are right . They sweep Nancy off her feet . And now she fell head over heels in love with him .
contra-0083	You are an outgoing person , quite easy to talk with .	Yes , my friends like to get along with me well .	Do you have many friends ?	Yes , I like to make new friends .	What do you usually do with them ?	We like to get together , chat and enjoy beautiful music .
contra-0084	My friend Jean is very beautiful .	What's her figure ?	Perfect , and I like her charming eyes too .	What's the color of her eyes ?	Dark blue .
contra-0085	Mary seems depressed . What ’ s the matter ?	She didn ’ t expect to get a kick in the teeth after a day ’ s hard work .
contra-0086	how are you doing , Christopher ?	to be honest , I'm really fed up with work at the moment . I need a break !	are you doing anything this weekend ?	I have to work on Saturday all day ! I really hate my job !	are you available on Sunday ?	yes , that's my only day off until Thursday .	ok , well , my friends and I are planning on going to the beach on Sunday . We tend to leave around noon whenever we go anywhere , so you could still sleep in . Do you want to come with us ?	that'd be fantastic ! Which beach are you going to ?	it's a quiet beach just about an hour outside of the city .	what should I bring with me ?	we've got plenty of inflatables , but if you want to sit on a chair , you'll have to bring your own sunlounger .	I can just use my beach towel . I love lazing around in the sun .	do you like surfing ?	I've actually never tired . Do you have a surfboard ?	we've got a few . I can teach you how to surf on Sunday . It'll be fun !	I can't wait ! It sounds like we're going to have a great time . How much money should I bring ?	you'll just need roughly $ 10 for food and gas money . My friend is driving , so we usually all chip in a few dollars for gas money .
contra-0087	Hi . Have you got a personal computer ?	Certainly . What's the matter ?	I wonder if you often trade with others on the internet .	Sure . I often buy things or do business through it without going out to the physical stores .	Great ! It's just like viewless stores . But how can you shop or order on line or trade on line ?	That's simple . Just click the hyperlink , www.taobao.com or www . ebay.com , and you can see the specimen of the goods shown on the screen , and then you can place an order online with the sales company . And the goods will be delivered to your place .	Is the service charged ?	No . it's free .
contra-0088	A :: Mr Clinton , it's nice to see you again .
contra-0089	How may I help you ?	I ’ m having a problem .	What problem are you having ?	There have been charges made on my debit card that I didn ’ t make .	Do you have the statement for your card ?	Here it is .
contra-0090	Joe , how are you doing ?	I am great ! How about you , Mary ? How are you ?	I am doing great ! Thank you for asking , Joe .
contra-0091	Hello , Sir . So , you are back ?	Yes , hello again . I would like to know the exact difference between Dividend Deposit and Dividend Participated Deposit .	That's pretty easy to explain . With the Deposit , the interest is fixed , but the Dividend of each policy will be transferred automatically into your bank account by the end of each year . The longer the term , the higher the Dividend you earn . This is because it is calculated at the Compound Interest Rate .	And I can purchase that here ?	Yes . And if you already have a Current Account with us , the Insurance Premium can be paid through it , which saves all of us a lot of hassle .
contra-0092	Excuse me , is this seat taken ?	I ’ m afraid this seat is taken .	Oh . is it . Thank you anyway .	You ’ re welcome . Why don ’ t you ask the conductor when he comes by ?
contra-0093	Doris , Helen Mall is having a big sale this weekend . Do you wanna go ?	Don't feel like it . I'm broke .	Well , we can still do some window shopping , can we ?	Just look around ? Nah , that ’ s boring .	I'll go by myself then .
contra-0094	They got a divorce at last .	It's inevitable . Their love wasbuilt on the sand , and this is why their marriage has landed on the rocks .	You said it . Love but on the sand will soon be on the rocks .
contra-0095	You guys are charging me $ 10 for a movie that I never ordered or saw .	Let's see , sir . According to your file , you watched ' Titanic ' Monday evening .	Well , the wrong information is in my file . I was at a concert Monday night .	Well , your word overrules the file , sir . One moment , please .
contra-0096	Excuse me , waiter , I would like to have some wine before the main course .	Have you decided what wine you would like ?	I have no idea . Maybe you can give me some advice .	I recommend you the white wine . It will wake up your appetite .	That's great , bring me a bottle of that please .
contra-0097	What do you think about violence in movies ?	Personally , I'm not for it . I feel it's bad for kids to watch .	But kids like watching things like that . It's just for fun , would't you say ?	If you ask me , I have to disagree . Something shouldn't be watched for fun .
contra-0098	Excuse me . What should be included in my CV ?
contra-0099	Hi , Jack , how have you been ?	Not very well .	Why ? Looks like you're feeling very down ! What happened ?	Nothing .	Come on . For a man who's feeling so , down , there're usually two reasons . Either his career is going downhill , or he has a broken heart . Since you're so successful , it must be the latter .	Well , you're right . I just broke up with Jane .	Oh , I'm sorry . I thought you two were made for each ocher .
contra-0100	They got a divorce at last .	It's inevitable . Their love wasbuilt on the sand , and this is why their marriage has landed on the rocks .	You said it . Love but on the sand will soon be on the rocks .
contra-0101	Excuse me , what's the time difference between Tokyo and London ?	8 hours . Tokyo is 8 hours earlier than London .
contra-0102	Hi , Ellen . That outfit looks terrific !	Thanks , Jim . I didn ’ t think guys paid attention to stuff like that .	No , we just don ’ t usually admit it !
contra-0103	Hey . Why did you take that money ? You are such a cheater ! I should send you to jail !	I am not cheating . When you pass go , you collect $ 200 , Everyone knows that !	Well you can ’ t just take the money . You have to ask the bank for money . And I ’ m the banker .	Banker ?	Yes ...	Can I have my $ 200 please ?	Sure . Here you are , $ 200 , Thank you , please come again ! Now it ’ s my turn to roll the dice .
contra-0104	Is there anything wrong ?	I ’ m worried about my daughter . She can ’ t decide about college .	Don ’ t worry . That ’ s just a part of being a teenager .	I don ’ t mind that . But she disagrees with me about everything .
contra-0105	Hi , is this Professor Clark ’ s office ?	This is Professor Clark speaking .	Hi , this is Kalina from your morning literature class .	Yes , what can I do for you ?	I had a skydiving accident over the weekend and won ’ t be able to come to school today .	My goodness ! Are you OK ?	I broke my leg , but it is healing .
contra-0106	Excuse me . Do you study Chinese at this university ?	Yes , I do . But my characters are very bad .	It takes a long time to learn Chinese writing .	Are you Chinese by birth ?	Yes , I am . I am from Guangzhou . I am here to study international relations .
contra-0107	Check out these wheels !	You bought a compact car ?	No , I borrowed it .
contra-0108	Don ’ t you agree that all the thieves should be punished by cutting off their fingers ?	I ’ m afraid many people would turn thumbs down on it .	Don ’ t you think in that case , there wouldn ’ t be so much stealing ?
contra-0109	How's John doing ?	He can barely make ends meet .
contra-0110	Did you set your clock forward for daylight savings time ?	What ? Why do we have to do that ?	Well , at the start of the spring we usually have more daylight in the mornings and less in the afternoon . This is basically due to our position on the planet and the rotation of the earth . In any case , to take better advantage of the daylight available , we compensate by moving our clocks forward one hour .	I see . That ’ s convenient ! I never understood things like this , such as GMT . I never know what time zone we are in or when to change my clock !	That just stands for Greenwich Mean Time . Here in California , we are in Pacific Standard Time , that is eight time zones west of Greenwich . Remember when we were in Beijing ? Well , then we were in China Standard Time , and that ’ s eight time zones east of Greenwich !	That ’ s why it was so weird traveling from Beijing to LA ! Because of the huge time difference , even though we left Beijing at noon and flew for more than eight hours , we still arrived in LA the same day at noon ! It ’ s like we went back in time !
contra-0111	What were you and Richard talking about earlier ? It looked intense .	Yeah , Richard said something to me that I didn't appreciate .	Oh , no . I know how insensitive he can be . What has he done now ?	He asked me how long it took me to learn English .	But , you were born and raised in California !	Yeah , but I get that sometimes . It doesn't matter how many generations my family has lived in the U . S . , we'll always be foreigners in their eyes .	What a racist ! How can you stand working with the guy ?	You know , Richard isn't such a bad guy . He made the comment out of ignorance , not malice .	So , what did you say when he asked you how long it took you to learn English ?	I told him 28 years . And , he knows I'm 28 years old since I just celebrated my birthday last week . He was puzzled for a minute , and then he got it .	Are you sure he really got the message ?	Yeah , I'm pretty sure since I then asked him how long it took him to learn English .
contra-0112	Good morning , may I speak with Professor Clark , please ?	You are speaking with Professor Clark .	Professor , I am Kalina from your morning literature class .	Yes , how can I help you ?	I ran my car into a tree yesterday and need to miss a few days of school .	Oh , my God ! I hope you are all right .	I have a concussion , but I will be OK .	How much school will you miss ?
contra-0113	Are you interested in history ?	Yes , I am . I enjoyed studying it at school , though I had trouble remembering all the dates , so my teacher never gave me good marks .	I love history , but I ’ Ve always thought that learning the reasons behind events is more important than remembering exactly when they happened .	I wish you had been my history teacher ! I might have got better marks !	Some people say that history repeats itself .
contra-0114	Whew ! I had to wait for almost an hour to get to the front of the line .	You have much patience .	Wow ! Your calligraphy is very beautiful . It was worth the wait !	Thank you . Today I'm writing a kind of poem called a Chinese couplet .	What does it say ?	This is an especially famous one . It says " May the passing days bring you health and longevity . May this season of renewal find you basked in riches . "
contra-0115	hello ! What are you reading about in the newspaper ?	hello ! I was exhausted form studying , so I decided to read the newspaper to relax . Unfortunately , the news is so depressing . There has been another murder in the city center . I ’ m shocked that the pole	people are starting to get frightened by it . Everyone will be relieved when they finally catch the murder .	you mean if they catch the murderer . I ’ m scared stiff about going into the city center at night .	there must have been some good news in the newspaper . I can ’ t believe that none of the news stories make you happy or excited .	well , there was one good piece of news . You remember the local girl who was dying of a rare blood disease ?
contra-0116	Oh , hi , Jessica , are you going to see this movie too ?	I'd love to , the movies are smash hit .	Then let's go in .	I can't . I'm waiting for Paul , but he's late .	I'll say the movie's starting in the minute .	I know . I wonder what's keeping him .	Looks like he won't show up . He's done this before , hasn't he ?
contra-0117	I'm interested in Chinese antiques .	We have a great variety of Chinese antiques . Besides , we have landscape painting , figure painting and flower-and-bird painting .	I'd like a flower-and-bird painting .	How about this picture of cranes with pine trees ? It was painted by a famous Chinese painter in King Dynasty .	Oh , they look just like live cranes .	And what is more , in traditional Chinese thinking , cranes and pine trees symbolize longevity .
contra-0118	The air conditioning is not working ! We need to call a handyman before we start to fry in here !	Dan is on top of that . I think they are also getting the handyman to fix the bathroom toilet that keeps clogging up .	That would be convenient . They might as well ask him to fix the electrical wiring . The circuit breakers keep going out all the time . It ’ s really annoying !
contra-0119	It's quiet everywhere in winter .	Yes . I like winter .	Me too .	It's snowing heavily . What about taking a walk ?	That's a good idea . Let's go !	What a heavy snow ! Look ! The water is frozen .	Take care ! Don't slip on the ground .	I've got it . I like the feeling of stepping on the ice .	Yes . Very wonderful .	There is a snowman over there .
contra-0120	This is such a beautiful day ! Great for sailing !	It sure is ! The water looks so nice ! Anchor the boat for a little while . I ’ m going to take a dip .	Why are you doggy-paddling ? I taught you how to swim ! Do your breast stroke !	I get too tired ! I ’ ll just backstroke , it ’ s easier !	Try kicking your legs more . That ’ s good . Don ’ t go out too far !	It ’ s fine . Jump in !	Kathy ! Get back here ! I see a shark !
contra-0121	What kind of place shall we rent ?	It should be close to the university . Neither of us are good at getting up in the mornings and closer it is , the later we can get up .	Absolutely . That's the most important thing to take into consideration . I'm not too worried about the size of the flat .	Neither am I . So a small place is ok , but we'll get a bigger one if it's not expensive . Do you mind if it's in a noisy area ?	I don't mind . i'm not a light sleeper , but quieter is better for when we have to study at home .	Good point . Ok , let's go to the estate agent and see what they can offer us .	Yes , if we're lucky we'll find something in the next few days . I think you had a good idea to start flat hunting early .	How much do you think the rent will be ?
contra-0122	How do you arrange this summer vacation ?	I want to travel .	Where would you like to go ?	The seaside .	That's really a good idea . Taking a walk on the beach and lying in the sun are pretty good . I recommend you Qingdao or Dalian .	I ’ Ve been to Qingdao before , so I ’ ll choose Dalian . I've heard that the environment there is very good .
contra-0123	You are an early bird , Tom . What do you do in the morning then ?	Exercise . The morning hours are the most precious period within a single day . We should not pass them up easily . Seize the time and do something useful .	So , you choose to spend it on bodybuilding . Where do you exercise ?	Usually , I run to the Black Bamboo Park as a warm-up . Admission is free . Then I start my activities .	Do you do the same exercises every day ?	No , I've deliberately kept a balance between various exercises ; parallel bars , push-ups , sit-ups , bunny-hops , five-kilometer run , and so on . I alternate them over the weekdays . Sometimes , when I find myself in a bad state , I will simply idle about in the park .	Why don't you just stay in bed when you are feeling unfit for exercising ?	It's not easy to keep a good habit , you know . I fear that if I fail to get up early one day , I may find it still more difficult to rise early the next . Besides , a mere walk in the early morning is much fun , too . Here and there in the park , you meet whole gangs of senior citizens who might be singing operas or old songs , playing er'hu , chess , or just chatting and gossiping . It's interesting to join them .
contra-0124	Lili , let ’ s take a vacation !	George , how can we ? Vacations cost money . And this month we don ’ t have much money left after paying the rent .	Well , Lili , we can visit different places in the state in our van 10 . We are not going to take a plane or stay at a hotel this time . Trust me , it won ’ t cost much .
contra-0125	Hey Mel ! Are you up for some tennis today ?	Sorry , I can ’ t ! I have to go to work , pick up Jake and Maddie from school , and make them an afternoon snack , then take Jake to soccer practice and Maddie to dance class .
contra-0126	Excuse me , waiter , I would like to have some wine before the main course .	Have you decided what wine you would like ?	I have no idea . Maybe you can give me some advice .	I recommend you the white wine . It will wake up your appetite .	That's great , bring me a bottle of that please .
contra-0127	What can I help you with ?	May I ask you something ?	What's your question ?	How many hours behind the wheel do I need ?	What do you need to take it for ?	I'm trying to get my license .	You need six hours .	Can I do all six hours in one day ?
contra-0128	I do want to meet with you and take a look at your catalogue . We ’ re redecorating and are going to add some things .	Well , I ’ ll be glad to help you out . I can come out anytime on Tuesday or Thursday of next week .	Let ’ s put it down for 1:15 on Thursday . We ’ ll definitely need some new filing cabinets and at least one desk unit .	Fine . I ’ ll bring both our office furniture and equipment catalogues on Thursday .
contra-0129	I want a pair of sports shoes , Adidas .	What size do you want ?	I wear size 40 .	How about this one ? It's the latest design .	Oh , I like the color .
contra-0130	My son came home from three years in the navy .	It was a real red letter day for you .	Yeah . We rolled out the red carpet to welcome him home .
contra-0131	Hey , look , there is a circus show over there .	I'm not in the mood .	It's the circus .	I don't want to sit there and watch them torturing the animals .	Oh , come on , they give them treat too.Oh , look , that little monkey is so cute .	Cute ? Hope so .	Oh , it is coming to us , come on , Ben , get a banana to it .	Me ? No way , keep him away from me , please .
contra-0132	How about going to the cinema tonight ?	That's great . What's on tonight ?	I am not sure about the name of the film , but I know it's a romantic one .	Romantic ? I am afraid I like thrillers better .	Don't you think it's too bloody ?
contra-0133	how are you doing , Christopher ?	to be honest , I'm really fed up with work at the moment . I need a break !	are you doing anything this weekend ?	I have to work on Saturday all day ! I really hate my job !	are you available on Sunday ?	yes , that's my only day off until Thursday .	ok , well , my friends and I are planning on going to the beach on Sunday . We tend to leave around noon whenever we go anywhere , so you could still sleep in . Do you want to come with us ?	that'd be fantastic ! Which beach are you going to ?	it's a quiet beach just about an hour outside of the city .	what should I bring with me ?	we've got plenty of inflatables , but if you want to sit on a chair , you'll have to bring your own sunlounger .	I can just use my beach towel . I love lazing around in the sun .	do you like surfing ?	I've actually never tired . Do you have a surfboard ?	we've got a few . I can teach you how to surf on Sunday . It'll be fun !
contra-0134	Hey , look , there is a circus show over there .	I'm not in the mood .	It's the circus .	I don't want to sit there and watch them torturing the animals .	Oh , come on , they give them treat too.Oh , look , that little monkey is so cute .	Cute ? Hope so .	Oh , it is coming to us , come on , Ben , get a banana to it .
contra-0135	Hi , Becky , what's up ?	Not much , except that my mother-in-law is driving me up the wall .	What's the problem ?	She loves to nit-pick and criticizes everything that I do . I can never do anything right when she ' s around .	For example ?	Well , last week I invited her over to dinner . My husband and I had no problem with the food , but if you listened to her , then it would seem like I fed her old meat and rotten vegetables . There's just nothing can please her .
contra-0136	Let ’ s play a game !	OK ! How about Scrabble ?	No , no , a friend of mine taught me this really fun game . I ’ m going to describe someone ’ s face , and you guess who it is !	OK !	Let ’ s see . He has a roman nose , bushy eyebrows and dimples !
contra-0137	May I help you ?	I'm looking for a pair of shoes .	What size do you wear ? These shoes are on sale .	I wear size 36.This pair looks nice.Can I try them on ?	Of course , yes.They look nice.And they're not expensive .	How much are they ?	They are $ 168 .
contra-0138	Honey , do you have a second ?	Sure ! Are you okay ? You seem a bit worried.What ’ s on your mind ?	We need to talk .	Okay ...	I ’ Ve been thinking , and well , I think we need to start seeing other people .	What ? Why ? I mean , we ’ Ve had our ups and downs , and we have the occasional disagreement , but we ’ re happy together , aren ’ t we ?	That ’ s just it , I ’ m not happy anymore , Tim . It ’ s not you , it ’ s me . I know that I can be hard to deal with , and you are a great guy ! You are the type of guy that any woman would kill for !	So , what are you saying ? You ’ re breaking up with me because I ’ m perfect ?	Tim , you are too good for me . You deserve someone who can make you smile and make you happy the way that you made me happy . Oh , I could say that I ’ ll be all you need , but that would be a lie . I know I ’ d only hurt you , I know I ’ d only make you cry .	Baby , come on . Don ’ t do this to me ! Whatever it is , we can work it out . Just give me another chance ! I know that we can get through this , but we gotta stick together ! Don ’ t leave me .	I can ’ t , Tim . I hope someday you can find some way to understand I ’ m only doing this for you . I don ’ t really wanna go but , deep in my heart I know this is the kindest thing to do .
contra-0139	What's wrong with you ?	I have a sore throat and headache .	Do you feel tired ?	Yes , my whole body feels weak . And I really feel terrible .	I'm sorry to hear that . I'll have to examine you .	Ok , go ahead .	Open your mouth and show me your tongue . Say ah ... You have a bad cold . So you must stay in bed for a week .
contra-0140	Your knowledge of English is really surprising .	Oh , it's nothing to speak of .	No , seriously . I am impressed .	Thank you . I appreciate the compliment .
contra-0141	I am calling to ask about the position of an usher .	Anything you would like to know ?	What qualities do you expect the applicants to have ?
contra-0142	what did you do last night ?	I just stayed at home and watched TV .	did you watch the Barcelona versus Madrid game ?	yes , it was a very evenly matched game .	what were the results of the game ?	it ended in a tie .	what was the actual score ?	it was three all .	really ? I thought Barcelona was going to win . They are a much better team than Madrid .
contra-0143	How can I help you ?	Yes , I am James Mason from Anderson and Associates . I would like to see Mr . Smith .	Do you have an appointment ?	Yes , he knows I'm coming . Our meeting is set for 2 o'clock .	I wonder if Mr . Smith forgot your meeting . I am afraid he left this office this morning and is not expected back until after 4 pm . Let me find out if he made arrangements for someone else to meet with you in his place . Will you please have a seat ?	Sure .	Yes , Mr . Mason , I just checked with our office manager , Ms . Terry , she said Mr . Smith briefed her on your project . She is just finishing up a meeting now . She could be with your shortly . Would you like me to show you around while you are waiting ?	That would be very nice . Thank you .	Right this way , Mr . Mason . We can start with our front office . When Ms . Terry is ready , you may take the elevator at the front to the 6th floor . There is a conference room already prepared
contra-0144	Lily , can you take part in our picnic this weekend ?	That sounds great . Where are you going ?	I think we can go to the river , go around and have supper .	What should I bring ?	Nothing . Just wear comfortable clothes and good shoes for walking . We'll bring everything .
contra-0145	Where are you going , Jane ?	I'm going to the hospital to see Susan .	I saw her yesterday.She was a little better .
contra-0146	My son came home from three years in the navy .	It was a real red letter day for you .	Yeah . We rolled out the red carpet to welcome him home .
contra-0147	What a nice day !	yes . How about going out and enjoying the sunshine on the grass ?	great , let's go !	hey , darling , I think I might have a little heatstroke from being in the sun all day . I was so relaxed . It felt as if I were in another world .	exactly . You know , the sunshine and wind remind me of our honeymoon . You remember ? The island , the sound of the waves , the salty sea air and the sunshine ...	yes , it was wonderful but it's already been a year . How time flies !	why not go again to celebrate out one-year anniversary ? We can go to the same beach , stay in the same hotel and enjoy a dinner in the same restaurant .	are you kidding ? Can you afford it ? Do you think we can get a room on such short notice ?
contra-0148	Do you believe in UFOs ?	Of course , they are out there .	But I never saw them .	Are you stupid ? They are called UFOs , so not everybody can see them .	You mean that you can them .	That's right . I can see them in my dreams .	They come to the earth ?	No . Their task is to send the aliens here from the outer space .	Aliens from the outer space ? Do you talk to them ? What do they look like ?	OK , OK , one by one , please ! They look like robots , but they can speak . Their mission is to make friends with human beings .	That means that you talk to them ? In which language ?	Of course in English , they learn English on Mars too .
contra-0149	Do you like being a doctor ?	Yes , most of the time . But , sometimes things can get difficult .	Can you tell me about it ?	You know , sometimes patients can get very unreasonable . They may insist they are sick when they are not .	What can you do when this happens ?	Not much , usually I'll just keep silent .
contra-0150	Hi , Jack , how have you been ?	Not very well .	Why ? Looks like you're feeling very down ! What happened ?	Nothing .	Come on . For a man who's feeling so , down , there're usually two reasons . Either his career is going downhill , or he has a broken heart . Since you're so successful , it must be the latter .	Well , you're right . I just broke up with Jane .	Oh , I'm sorry . I thought you two were made for each ocher .	Well , you never know . I'm ready for a commitment and want to settle down , but she says she wants to pursue her career while she's still young .	Well , she is not to blame . It's always difficult to choose between career and family .	Maybe you're right .	Jack , I don't know what to say to comfort you , but cheer up ! There are plenty of fish in the sea and you'll find your soul mate , your perfect match !
contra-0151	Ms . Wang , this is Mr . Cooper , president of Ivy Publishing .
contra-0152	we really were lucky . We got the last available table for two---and we didn't even have a reservation ! Did you see the long lines behind us ?	yeah , I'm glad that we didn't have to wait long . I'm starving !	let's take a look at the menu so we can order . Do you want to choose an appetizer for us to share ?	what would you rather have , samosas or poppadoms ?	I heard that one of their specialities is the samosa .	well , let's get a plate of those then .	sounds good . What are you going to have for your main course ?	I think I might have a dahl .	what's in a dahl ?
contra-0153	Is there anything worth watching on another channel ?	I think there ’ s a Western on .	Do you mind if we watch it . I ’ d really like to see it .	Well , I really wanted to see the football game .
contra-0154	You're not looking happy . What's the matter ?	Oh , nothing special . I'm just a bit tired .	With the job ?	With everything , with everybody , with all this !	A good suggestion for you . You need a holiday .	It wasn't always like this , you know .	What do you mean ?
contra-0155	Excuse me . Do you study Chinese at this university ?	Yes , I do . But my characters are very bad .	It takes a long time to learn Chinese writing .
contra-0156	They don't really think you took it , do they ?	I don't know . I just know I've never been asked so many questions in my life .	How many of them were there ?	Three-but there was one of them who kept asking really stupid questions .	Like what ?	Oh , he wanted to know what time I got up this morning and if I bad a bath or a shower you know , things like that .	What on earth has that got to do with some money disappearing ?	I've no idea . Oh yes , and the most ridiculous thing . He asked me what I had for breakfast this morning .
contra-0157	What's that book you have under your arm ?	It's the best seller everyone's been talking about for the last six months .	How in the world did you get a copy ? I've put a hold on it at the public library for weeks and I'm still waiting my turn .	I checked it out of the rental library . It only costs five cents a day .	Is it really worth paying for ?	I can't tell yet . I haven't got beyond the first chapter .
contra-0158	Who are those guys ?	Kobe Bryant and Shaquille O ’ Neal , they are the Los Angeles Lakers ’ star players .	Oh .	Wait a second . He shoots , he scores !	All right !	Here comes Jordan , though .	Wow , Michael Jordan ’ s slam-dunks are beautiful things to watch .	Yeah . He ’ s older , so he doesn ’ t slam as much as he did when he was younger , but when he does , it ’ s still amazing .
contra-0159	I was wondering if you could help me with something .	Sure , anything you say .	Actually , it ’ s a little bit silly .	Don ’ t worry about it , just ask .
contra-0160	Do you believe in UFOs ?	Of course , they are out there .	But I never saw them .	Are you stupid ? They are called UFOs , so not everybody can see them .	You mean that you can them .	That's right . I can see them in my dreams .	They come to the earth ?	No . Their task is to send the aliens here from the outer space .	Aliens from the outer space ? Do you talk to them ? What do they look like ?	OK , OK , one by one , please ! They look like robots , but they can speak . Their mission is to make friends with human beings .	That means that you talk to them ? In which language ?	Of course in English , they learn English on Mars too .
contra-0161	David , I ’ m going to China .	Really ? How did you get the chance ?	You know . I took part in the Chinese contest . I was the best and they gave me this reward . I don ’ t have to pay for my trip .	Congratulations . How lucky you are !	Thank you . I ’ m leaving tomorrow morning .	I ’ m sure you ’ ll enjoy the trip . China is such a beautiful country .	I ’ m sure I will .	Have a nice journey , Lily .	Thank you , David .
contra-0162	What's the matter with me , Doctor ? I feel so tired these days .	Is your blood pressure , I'm afraid . It's far too high .	And what's the cause of that ?	Overwork-amongst other things . You can't work 24 hours a day . You ' Ve got to slow down .	But I can't just slow down .	You've got to , I'm afraid . And look at this . You weigh 200 stones . That's too much for a man of your size .	You mean I've got to lose weight ?	Yes . You've got to cut down on bread and potatoes and take more exercise .
contra-0163	Ms . Wang , this is Mr . Cooper , president of Ivy Publishing .	It's nice to meet you , Mr . Cooper .	Nice to meet you , Ms . Wang . You must be exhausted after your long trip from Canada .	Yes , it was quite a long flight . I'm glad to finally be here .
contra-0164	Is the right counter to check in for this flight ?	Yes , it is . Please put your luggage on this scale .	OK . Is the plane on schedule ?	Yes , it is . How many pieces of hand luggage do you have ?
contra-0165	What do you think of Frank ?	He is all right . But I think he seems to have no back bone .	Why do you say that ?	Whatever things get tough , he gives in .
contra-0166	What were you and Richard talking about earlier ? It looked intense .	Yeah , Richard said something to me that I didn't appreciate .	Oh , no . I know how insensitive he can be . What has he done now ?	He asked me how long it took me to learn English .	But , you were born and raised in California !	Yeah , but I get that sometimes . It doesn't matter how many generations my family has lived in the U . S . , we'll always be foreigners in their eyes .	What a racist ! How can you stand working with the guy ?	You know , Richard isn't such a bad guy . He made the comment out of ignorance , not malice .
contra-0167	I hear you are planning to travel abroad .	Yes . I'm going to the Untied States for travel . What places do you recommend ?	In my opinion , there are several places you mustn't miss , like Washington D . C , Las Vegas , New York and Los Angeles .	Someone suggests that I should go to Seattle and Hawaii .	Yes , you may consider those two places also . Seattle , for example , is worth visiting and there's a very famous museum called Museum of Flight .	And Seattle is the home of Microsoft and Boeing . That must be a great place . I can't miss it .
contra-0168	I'm interested in Chinese antiques .
contra-0169	Where are you going , Jane ?	I'm going to the hospital to see Susan .	I saw her yesterday.She was a little better .	Must I catch a number 7 bus to get there ?	No , you needn't . A number 13 bus will also take you to the hospital .	Number 13 buses run much more frequently , don't they ?	Yes . I caught a number 7 bus yesterday , and they said I had taken a wrong bus .	Thank you , Henry . I'll get a number 13 .	But number 13 buses leave from the center of town.You ' ll have to walk two miles to catch one .
contra-0170	I ’ Ve had it ! I ’ m done working for a company that is taking me nowhere !	So what are you gonna do ? Just quit ?	That ’ s exactly what I am going to do ! I ’ Ve decided to create my own company ! I ’ m going to write up a business plan , get some investors and start working for myself !
contra-0171	Hi , Jack , how have you been ?	Not very well .	Why ? Looks like you're feeling very down ! What happened ?	Nothing .	Come on . For a man who's feeling so , down , there're usually two reasons . Either his career is going downhill , or he has a broken heart . Since you're so successful , it must be the latter .	Well , you're right . I just broke up with Jane .	Oh , I'm sorry . I thought you two were made for each ocher .
contra-0172	Ann , do you have time next Monday ?
contra-0173	that was a really good meal , Gordon .
contra-0174	May I know where you are going ?	Yes . I want to go to Beijing Hotel .	I'm sorry . You are going in the wrong direction .	Oh no ! What shall I do ?
contra-0175	The weather is terrible .	Yeah . It's been raining a lot these days .	I have been watching a lot of videos at home because of the constant rain .	Have you heard when it's supposed to get better ?	I saw the weather report , and it's going to rain for the next eight days .	That sucks so much . What are we going to do ?	I'm getting pretty bored . We should do something despite the rain .
contra-0176	I'm a little nervous .	Don't worry . You'll be fine . First of all , put on your seat belt . Adjust the mirrors .	You don't think I'll need the seat belt , do you ?	Of course not . But it's a good habit to put it on every time you drive .	Just in case , right ?	Right . Hold the steering wheel with your hands at ten o'clock and two o'clock .
contra-0177	Yesterday I had a quarrel with my roommate . I'm really fed up with all this .	Tell me what seems to be the problem .	My roommate always brings a lot of friends from off-campus . They stay in the room until midnight , singing and talking , drinking and playing cards while I have no place for study . I even don't have the quietness to sleep .	Did you ever talk to him about it ?
contra-0178	How's the bride-to-be ?	Tired and stressed . This wedding is giving me a headache .	Just relax . With me as your maid of honor , everything will be fine !	I'm worried that everything will be chaotic !	Hey ! I'm the tour guide . I'll take care of the Taiwanese guests .	You're going to have to tell them what to do in church , what everything means ...	I will . Don't worry !
contra-0179	Excuse me . I bought this shirt yesterday , but I would like to refund it .	Gave me the receipt , please .	Here is my receipt .
contra-0180	Can you give me more details on what is included in the package ?	Sure . The coach leaves at 6:30 a . m . , in front of our office . The drive takes eight hours , with two stops to see some sights .	What about the hotel accommodations ?	You'll be staying at Holiday Inn . It's a three-star hotel with two restaurants and a swimming pool .
contra-0181	Have heard of Paul ?	No , what ?	He's got a promotion .	You're kidding .	No , they made him vicepresident in charge of sells .	I don't believe it.He is only being with the company for two years .	Well , it's true.The board man last thirdly and they choice Paul .
contra-0182	Honey , what's wrong with you ?	I'm not feeling well . I'm very nervous .	Take it easy . We are going to have our own baby . You should be happy .	Yeah , I know .	The doctors and the nurses will help you . And I will be waiting for you right here , praying for you and our baby .
contra-0183	We're thinking about going to America .	Have you thought about the cost ?	There is that .
contra-0184	I ’ m taking BA fright 123 to London . Can you tell me where the reporting desk is , please ?	Yes , Madam . The reporting desk for the British Airway's flight to London is over there .	Thank you so much . Is this the desk for BA flight 123 to London ?
contra-0185	Did you set your clock forward for daylight savings time ?	What ? Why do we have to do that ?	Well , at the start of the spring we usually have more daylight in the mornings and less in the afternoon . This is basically due to our position on the planet and the rotation of the earth . In any case , to take better advantage of the daylight available , we compensate by moving our clocks forward one hour .	I see . That ’ s convenient ! I never understood things like this , such as GMT . I never know what time zone we are in or when to change my clock !	That just stands for Greenwich Mean Time . Here in California , we are in Pacific Standard Time , that is eight time zones west of Greenwich . Remember when we were in Beijing ? Well , then we were in China Standard Time , and that ’ s eight time zones east of Greenwich !	That ’ s why it was so weird traveling from Beijing to LA ! Because of the huge time difference , even though we left Beijing at noon and flew for more than eight hours , we still arrived in LA the same day at noon ! It ’ s like we went back in time !
contra-0186	I don ’ t want you to be worried , but our son has some bad habits now . He says painful words everyday .	What words ? Can you tell me ?	He says kick mommy , beat mommy , don ’ t want mommy , very quickly if I do something that he doesn ’ t like . You know , if I wash his face or change his clothes , things like that .	Honey , I don ’ t know what to tell you . Of course Tony is a young child . But do not underestimate his ability to learn and reason .	Yes , but sometimes he is just not reasonable .
contra-0187	Do you speak only English in the class , or does your teacher explain everything to you in Spanish ?	Oh , we never speak Spanish in class ! Miss.Parker speaks to us only in English .	I suppose she's right . Does she speak English very slowly ?	Not always . Sometimes we don't understand her . Then she has to repeat what she said .
contra-0188	You would be using mainly English in this job . Do you think you could manage ?	Yes , I am sure I can .	Do you think you are proficient in both written and spoken English ?	Yes , I think I am quite proficient in both written and spoken English .	Do you think you can make yourself understood in English with ease ?	Yes , I think I can in ordinary circumstances .
contra-0189	Good afternoon . I come here specially to pick up my tickets . I booked it last month.This is my reservation note .	I am terribly sorry . You didn't come to reconfirm recently.You should have come to pick up your ticket three days ago since it's an international flight , any reservation without reconfirmation within 72 hours will be cancelled .	But I have been so busy all these days.Well , is there any other ticket available ? I want the next one .
contra-0190	Hi , Jack , how have you been ?	Not very well .	Why ? Looks like you're feeling very down ! What happened ?	Nothing .	Come on . For a man who's feeling so , down , there're usually two reasons . Either his career is going downhill , or he has a broken heart . Since you're so successful , it must be the latter .	Well , you're right . I just broke up with Jane .	Oh , I'm sorry . I thought you two were made for each ocher .	Well , you never know . I'm ready for a commitment and want to settle down , but she says she wants to pursue her career while she's still young .	Well , she is not to blame . It's always difficult to choose between career and family .	Maybe you're right .	Jack , I don't know what to say to comfort you , but cheer up ! There are plenty of fish in the sea and you'll find your soul mate , your perfect match !
contra-0191	What do you think of this one ?	Eh , so so .	And this one ? Too flashy ?	Nah , not too flashy .	Hug ! And this sweater from my aunt ? Isn ’ t it hideous ?	I guess .	Are you even listening ? I ’ m trying to have a conversation with you .	And I ’ m trying to watch the game , but you ’ re yapping on about your new clothes !	Well I have to decide which gifts to keep and which to exchange for better ones when I go to the Boxing Day sales this afternoon !	Well could you do me the favor of making this quick ? It ’ s the third quarter and you ’ Ve been blabbering on since the first !	Oh , your precious game . You watch the same game every year , and each year your beloved hometown team loses by at least three goals !
contra-0192	What are you going to do next year ?	I want to go traveling .	Do you have any where in mind ?	Yes , I've been thinking about Florida .
contra-0193	Have heard of Paul ?	No , what ?	He's got a promotion .	You're kidding .	No , they made him vicepresident in charge of sells .	I don't believe it.He is only being with the company for two years .	Well , it's true.The board man last thirdly and they choice Paul .
contra-0194	Lili , let ’ s take a vacation !
contra-0195	It's quiet everywhere in winter .	Yes . I like winter .	Me too .	It's snowing heavily . What about taking a walk ?	That's a good idea . Let's go !	What a heavy snow ! Look ! The water is frozen .	Take care ! Don't slip on the ground .
contra-0196	Hey , son , are you insured ?	Not yet , but I'm thinking of it . Have you bought one , Dad ?	I took out a life insurance policy and made your mother the beneficiary .	Can you tell me why you want to buy it ?	I am a fireman and it is a dangerous job . I have to consider your mother's life .	Oh , I see . Do you advise me to buy one ?	You have children now . What if something , God forbid , happens to you ?
contra-0197	How come it is slow as a snail today ?	You mean the network connection ?	Yes , I wanted to look for some information on the company page just now . It took me almost one minute to open it . Then there is no response to any click .	I have the same question . I can ’ t send out mails . We ’ d better call the IT department and ask them to check it immediately .	Ok .
contra-0198	I ’ Ve had it ! I ’ m done working for a company that is taking me nowhere !
contra-0199	Excuse me , i am a new student here . Could you tell me where the English Department is ?	It is in that brand new , tall building over there . On the 9th floor .	Where is the school cafeteria ?	It is the basement of that red building in front of the tower with big bells .	Where is the Computer Center ?	The Computer Center is on the first floor of the library .	Where is the library ?	The library is next to the Adminstration Building . The Adminstration Building is over there near the school ’ s main entrance . There are school maps for free in the lobby of the Admin .	Thank you . I will go get one .	Sure . Glad to be of service . By the way , my name is Mike Sullivan . You will see me around a lot . I am running for President of the Student Government .	Well , hi ! My name is Eve Markowski . I am glad to meet you . With your friendly smile and helpful attitude . I am sure you will win .	Thanks you for the encouragement .
contra-0200	It's quiet everywhere in winter .	Yes . I like winter .	Me too .	It's snowing heavily . What about taking a walk ?	That's a good idea . Let's go !	What a heavy snow ! Look ! The water is frozen .	Take care ! Don't slip on the ground .	I've got it . I like the feeling of stepping on the ice .
contra-0201	I'm searching for an old music box .	You came to the right place . Any particular decade ?	If you had a box made in the ' 20s , that would be nice .	We just got one in yesterday , so now we have six .	Would any of them have dancing figures ?	Yes , we still have two boxes left that have dancing figures .	Oh , they're both so beautiful . Let me have this one , I think .	That one truly is a beautiful piece of work , isn't it ?	One last question
contra-0202	He said I have a big nose . I wonder what that means .	You are interested in other people ’ s business , aren ’ t you ?	Does he mean I am inquisitive or I ’ m noisy ?
contra-0203	Oh , hi , Jessica , are you going to see this movie too ?	I'd love to , the movies are smash hit .	Then let's go in .	I can't . I'm waiting for Paul , but he's late .	I'll say the movie's starting in the minute .	I know . I wonder what's keeping him .	Looks like he won't show up . He's done this before , hasn't he ?	Yeah , a number of times .	What's he trying to pull anyway .	I don't know . But this is definitely the last straw .	Maybe you should start seeing someone else .
contra-0204	Excuse me . Can you tell me how to get to City Hall ?	Yes . Go to the next corner and turn left onto Center Street . Walk three blocks to Second Avenue and turn right . Walk two more blocks and you'll see City Hall on the left .	I'm sorry . I didn't follow you . Could you please repeat that ?	Okay . First , go to the next corner and turn left onto Center Street .	Uh-huh .	Then , walk three blocks to Second Avenue an turn right . Are you with me so far ?
contra-0205	Hey Mel ! Are you up for some tennis today ?	Sorry , I can ’ t ! I have to go to work , pick up Jake and Maddie from school , and make them an afternoon snack , then take Jake to soccer practice and Maddie to dance class .	You sound exhausted . Maybe you should hire a nanny to help you out ! She can pick the kids up and take them to their after-school activities . She can also help you do some household chores , and run so	Oh , I don ’ t know ... it ’ s hard to find the right nanny . You have to consider her previous work experience , the responsibilities you give her , and how she interacts with the kids . I would love to have	I think you should definitely consider it ! This way you won ’ t have to juggle such a busy schedule , and you ’ ll still get to spend time with the kids in the evenings . I can refer you this great	Oh , that ’ s great . Thanks Grace . Can you give me her number ? I ’ ll talk it over with Dan and give her a call tomorrow . Maybe this way I won ’ t be so tired every day , and Dan and I might even get to go
contra-0206	Hi , Jack , how have you been ?	Not very well .	Why ? Looks like you're feeling very down ! What happened ?	Nothing .	Come on . For a man who's feeling so , down , there're usually two reasons . Either his career is going downhill , or he has a broken heart . Since you're so successful , it must be the latter .	Well , you're right . I just broke up with Jane .	Oh , I'm sorry . I thought you two were made for each ocher .	Well , you never know . I'm ready for a commitment and want to settle down , but she says she wants to pursue her career while she's still young .
contra-0207	Is there anything wrong ?	I ’ m worried about my daughter . She can ’ t decide about college .	Don ’ t worry . That ’ s just a part of being a teenager .	I don ’ t mind that . But she disagrees with me about everything .
contra-0208	I see Mike farmer has make it into the Olympic team . He beat the national record by 0.1 of a second .	That ’ s great . He ’ s the best runner I ’ Ve seen this season . I ’ m sure he ’ ll win a medal at the Olympics .	I think you ’ re right . I think we have a very good athletics team . They should do well in the Olympics . How many medals do you think we ’ ll win ?	I really don ’ t know . I don ’ t think we ’ ll win many gold medals , but I think we should win several silver and bronze ones .	What do you think our chance are in other events .	In the last Olympics , we did very well in swimming , cycling and ball sports . I think we ’ ll do well in those same events .
contra-0209	How was the movie last night ?	I didn't really like it .	Mary said that she was really pleased with the photography .	I found it very disappointing .	She liked the acting , too , because that's what she wanted to see .
contra-0210	Excuse me . Can you tell me how to get to City Hall ?	Yes . Go to the next corner and turn left onto Center Street . Walk three blocks to Second Avenue and turn right . Walk two more blocks and you'll see City Hall on the left .	I'm sorry . I didn't follow you . Could you please repeat that ?	Okay . First , go to the next corner and turn left onto Center Street .
contra-0211	Excuse me . Do you study Chinese at this university ?	Yes , I do . But my characters are very bad .	It takes a long time to learn Chinese writing .	Are you Chinese by birth ?
contra-0212	Lucy , I ’ d like to fix the light in the corridor , it keeps flashing , which drives me crazy . Would you like to help me with the ladder ?	Monica , wait a moment . I think we ’ d better call the repair man to do it .	I think I can handle it by myself .	I ’ d like you to have a look at the safety manual of our company .
contra-0213	Can you give me more details on what is included in the package ?	Sure . The coach leaves at 6:30 a . m . , in front of our office . The drive takes eight hours , with two stops to see some sights .	What about the hotel accommodations ?	You'll be staying at Holiday Inn . It's a three-star hotel with two restaurants and a swimming pool .	Great . What types of things will we do at Lushun Falls ?	The second day you take a four-hour city tour . In the afternoon you go on the famous boat cruise under the falls .
contra-0214	Hello . Could you have a taxi pick me up before 10:00 a . m . ?	What is your address ?	I stay at No . 115 Fucking Road .	OK , a taxi will be there by 9:30 .	What are your rates ?
contra-0215	Joe , how are you doing ?	I am great ! How about you , Mary ? How are you ?	I am doing great ! Thank you for asking , Joe .	I was wondering if you want to go see a movie with me tonight ?
contra-0216	Ms . Wang , this is Mr . Cooper , president of Ivy Publishing .	It's nice to meet you , Mr . Cooper .	Nice to meet you , Ms . Wang . You must be exhausted after your long trip from Canada .
contra-0217	I hear you are planning to travel abroad .	Yes . I'm going to the Untied States for travel . What places do you recommend ?	In my opinion , there are several places you mustn't miss , like Washington D . C , Las Vegas , New York and Los Angeles .	Someone suggests that I should go to Seattle and Hawaii .	Yes , you may consider those two places also . Seattle , for example , is worth visiting and there's a very famous museum called Museum of Flight .
contra-0218	How can we develop a new brand image with no direction whatsoever ?	With the fifty forwards he sent out today , maybe we'll inadvertently get inspired .	I guess this is a good excuse to surf the Net on someone else's dime .	Who'd have thought Bean would be this kind of e-mail fanatic ?	He must have just got online for the first time last week . He still thinks it's some kind of new toy .
contra-0219	Could you show me what you've got ?	We've got several good chicken dishes if you like chicken .	We'll try one of your specials this time .	This is worth trying .
contra-0220	Do you think Tom will be elected president ?	No , I think Harry will get it .	Let's make a bet on who gets it .	OK , loser buys pizza tomorrow night .
contra-0221	What a nice day !	yes . How about going out and enjoying the sunshine on the grass ?	great , let's go !	hey , darling , I think I might have a little heatstroke from being in the sun all day . I was so relaxed . It felt as if I were in another world .	exactly . You know , the sunshine and wind remind me of our honeymoon . You remember ? The island , the sound of the waves , the salty sea air and the sunshine ...	yes , it was wonderful but it's already been a year . How time flies !
contra-0222	I'm interested in Chinese antiques .	We have a great variety of Chinese antiques . Besides , we have landscape painting , figure painting and flower-and-bird painting .
contra-0223	Hey Mel ! Are you up for some tennis today ?	Sorry , I can ’ t ! I have to go to work , pick up Jake and Maddie from school , and make them an afternoon snack , then take Jake to soccer practice and Maddie to dance class .	You sound exhausted . Maybe you should hire a nanny to help you out ! She can pick the kids up and take them to their after-school activities . She can also help you do some household chores , and run so	Oh , I don ’ t know ... it ’ s hard to find the right nanny . You have to consider her previous work experience , the responsibilities you give her , and how she interacts with the kids . I would love to have	I think you should definitely consider it ! This way you won ’ t have to juggle such a busy schedule , and you ’ ll still get to spend time with the kids in the evenings . I can refer you this great	Oh , that ’ s great . Thanks Grace . Can you give me her number ? I ’ ll talk it over with Dan and give her a call tomorrow . Maybe this way I won ’ t be so tired every day , and Dan and I might even get to go
contra-0224	You're from New York , aren't you ?	Yes , that's right .	What do you suggest I should see in New York ?
contra-0225	Hi , Jack , how have you been ?	Not very well .	Why ? Looks like you're feeling very down ! What happened ?	Nothing .	Come on . For a man who's feeling so , down , there're usually two reasons . Either his career is going downhill , or he has a broken heart . Since you're so successful , it must be the latter .	Well , you're right . I just broke up with Jane .	Oh , I'm sorry . I thought you two were made for each ocher .	Well , you never know . I'm ready for a commitment and want to settle down , but she says she wants to pursue her career while she's still young .	Well , she is not to blame . It's always difficult to choose between career and family .	Maybe you're right .	Jack , I don't know what to say to comfort you , but cheer up ! There are plenty of fish in the sea and you'll find your soul mate , your perfect match !
contra-0226	You would be using mainly English in this job . Do you think you could manage ?	Yes , I am sure I can .	Do you think you are proficient in both written and spoken English ?	Yes , I think I am quite proficient in both written and spoken English .	Do you think you can make yourself understood in English with ease ?	Yes , I think I can in ordinary circumstances .	Do you think you can speak English quite fluently ? Tell me about your English education .	Yes , I think I speak English quite fluently . I got a high score on TOEFL . I majored in English in college .
contra-0227	how are you doing , Christopher ?	to be honest , I'm really fed up with work at the moment . I need a break !	are you doing anything this weekend ?	I have to work on Saturday all day ! I really hate my job !	are you available on Sunday ?
contra-0228	Do you speak only English in the class , or does your teacher explain everything to you in Spanish ?	Oh , we never speak Spanish in class ! Miss.Parker speaks to us only in English .	I suppose she's right . Does she speak English very slowly ?	Not always . Sometimes we don't understand her . Then she has to repeat what she said .	It must be interesting to study English .	Mario and I are the best students in the class . Miss.Parker says that my pronunciation is very good .	Is English pronunciation easy or difficult ?	Sometimes it's difficult . Some words look different from the way one pronounces them .
contra-0229	How was the movie last night ?	I didn't really like it .	Mary said that she was really pleased with the photography .	I found it very disappointing .	She liked the acting , too , because that's what she wanted to see .	I wasn't happy with it .	Nothing is to your satisfaction .
contra-0230	Did you watch the volleyball match last night ?	Yeah .	Who won ?	China .	What is the score ?	China beat Brazil three to zero .
contra-0231	Look at this newspaper article about this famous local medium . It says that she is really gifted and so popular now , that she is booked solid with appointments for the next twelve months !	You don't really believe in all that hocus pocus mumbo jumbo , do you ?	Well , I have had many friends that went to a psychic and got their palms read and most of the things the psychic told her came true !
contra-0232	Hello , this is Mike , Kara .	Mike ! Good to hear from you . How are you ?	Everything is fine , and how are you ?	Things are going well with me .	Kara , I had fun the other night at the movies and was wondering if you would like to go out again this Friday .
contra-0233	Have you ever tried shopping online ?	No , never . I prefer to actually see and touch what I'm buying before I pay for it , especially for clothes and shoes .	That's right . Seeing is believing .	I've heard some friends say when they get the article , it's quite different from what they see on the website advertisement .	That happens . Without close quality examination , we may encounter fraud , and the e-shop may suddenly disappear .	What's more , it's not always so safe for us to pay online as hackers might steal the user name and password .	It's said that some measures have been taken to deal with this problem . Paying online is much safer than before , but I still have the feeling that it's not safe enough .
contra-0234	I ’ m afraid I spoke in all of the table clock .	Never mind about that .	I ’ m terribly sorry , Won ’ t you let me pay for ?
contra-0235	What's the matter , John ? you seemed to be restless today .	You see , I've been offered a new job . I can't decide whether to take it or not .	Oh , that's easy . If it's better than the one you are doing now , go for it . That's my advice .	It isn't that easy . I hate to quit my present job . People around here are very nice and the work itself is challenging .	Then what about the salary ? Would you get more ?	Yes , they say I would get a big sum .	Have you discussed it with your wife ?	Yes , she leaves it to me .	As I say it the work is well worth try . After all you can get a higher salary .	I have to think about it .
contra-0236	Please tell me how to file things according to the concerned rules .	Well , all right . There are four points you should keep in mind when you file documents , information and other things .	What are they ?	They are keep the documents in chronological order , remove all the chips and pins , punch the documents evenly and place them in the folder .	And what is the most important point ?	You should always remember that one customer one file is the rule .
contra-0237	Morning , Peter . Nice suit ! A new one ?	Oh , yes . My wife bought it for me yesterday . Hmm , you look nice in that yellow dress . Yellow suits you really well .	Maybe . Several people have suggested that I get more yellow clothes . They say the color suits me because I have a fair complexion .	That's right . You know , pink , green and black could also be good for you . Actually , I think that all colors are okay for a person with your complexion . It's just that different colors can give people different impressions . For example , black could make you look mature , while pink could make you look young and energetic .	Thank you for your compliments . It sounds like you're a clothing expert .	Well , compared with my wife , I'm just a beginner .
contra-0238	I find it really hard to express myself in class . I have lots of ideas , but they never seem to come out of my mouth .	let me give you a little advice . You know what the topics are going to be , so prepares what you would like to say in advance .	I often do , but I ’ m worried about the responses from other people .	you have to be realistic . Not everyone is going to agree with you , but people will respect your opinion and they will respect the fact that you have contributed something to the discussion .
contra-0239	Even if our company didn't have a dress code , I still think people would wear formal clothing to work .	I wouldn't be so sure ... People want to wear what they feel most comfortable in .	Maybe that's true for some positions , but I think the marketing and sales staff would definitely not agree . They dress for success ! You can't go out on a sales call if you are dressed in jeans . It's just not respectful to you client .	I think what you wear is so overrated . I would rather have a down-to-earth , honest and solid sales person than a painted , patent leather , designer suite salesman .	It's not as simple as that . People judge you by your appearance , whether you like it or not . So dressing professional is being professional . The image that you portray to others is so important in business . It's your image and how others perceive you that makes the difference between landing or losing a sale .	Maybe you're right , but I'll take my sneakers and jeans any day !
contra-0240	How many pieces of luggage would you like to check in , sir ?	Three bags and a suitcase . This is my luggage to check .	Do you have any carry-on luggage ?	No .	Put your luggage on the scale , please . Oh , your luggage is overweight .	How much is the excess baggage part charge ?	Twenty-two dollars
contra-0241	Did you set your clock forward for daylight savings time ?	What ? Why do we have to do that ?	Well , at the start of the spring we usually have more daylight in the mornings and less in the afternoon . This is basically due to our position on the planet and the rotation of the earth . In any case , to take better advantage of the daylight available , we compensate by moving our clocks forward one hour .	I see . That ’ s convenient ! I never understood things like this , such as GMT . I never know what time zone we are in or when to change my clock !	That just stands for Greenwich Mean Time . Here in California , we are in Pacific Standard Time , that is eight time zones west of Greenwich . Remember when we were in Beijing ? Well , then we were in China Standard Time , and that ’ s eight time zones east of Greenwich !	That ’ s why it was so weird traveling from Beijing to LA ! Because of the huge time difference , even though we left Beijing at noon and flew for more than eight hours , we still arrived in LA the same day at noon ! It ’ s like we went back in time !
contra-0242	Okay , so we're agreed on 900 .	I'm happy with that price .	Let's shake on it .
contra-0243	we really were lucky . We got the last available table for two---and we didn't even have a reservation ! Did you see the long lines behind us ?	yeah , I'm glad that we didn't have to wait long . I'm starving !	let's take a look at the menu so we can order . Do you want to choose an appetizer for us to share ?	what would you rather have , samosas or poppadoms ?	I heard that one of their specialities is the samosa .	well , let's get a plate of those then .	sounds good . What are you going to have for your main course ?	I think I might have a dahl .
contra-0244	That way they look longer .	Now what are you doing ?	Putting on mascara .
contra-0245	Very glad to know something about you , then what are you going to do when you finish .	Oh , I ’ ll go to shanghai to practice there .	That ’ s a good idea . It must be easy to find a job in shanghai .	I think so , you know there is a great deal of opportunity for business there .	And English is very useful in your job .	I think it will be very useful in many ways . Beside , shanghai is an important trade center , not only in China , but also in the world , English is useful in almost all walks of life .
contra-0246	Where are you going , Jane ?	I'm going to the hospital to see Susan .	I saw her yesterday.She was a little better .	Must I catch a number 7 bus to get there ?	No , you needn't . A number 13 bus will also take you to the hospital .	Number 13 buses run much more frequently , don't they ?	Yes . I caught a number 7 bus yesterday , and they said I had taken a wrong bus .
contra-0247	Excuse me . Check please .	OK , how was everything ?	Very nice . Thank you .
contra-0248	So , Paula , where are you from ?	I'm from Canada , originally .	From Canada ? Where were you born ?	Montreal .	When did you come to Los Angeles ?	We moved here when I was fourteen .	Did you go to school here ?	Well , I went to high school here , but I went to college in Texas .	Did you get a job right after graduation ?	No , I traveled for a while in Europe after college , and then I lived in France .	When was that ?	Let's see ... That was about six years ago .
contra-0249	Where are you going , Jane ?	I'm going to the hospital to see Susan .	I saw her yesterday.She was a little better .	Must I catch a number 7 bus to get there ?	No , you needn't . A number 13 bus will also take you to the hospital .	Number 13 buses run much more frequently , don't they ?	Yes . I caught a number 7 bus yesterday , and they said I had taken a wrong bus .	Thank you , Henry . I'll get a number 13 .	But number 13 buses leave from the center of town.You ' ll have to walk two miles to catch one .
contra-0250	Let me tell you some more . The interest is settled on the 20th of the last month in each quarter , It's paid quarterly . Of course it also needs to be settled if you cancel the account .	Miao Ping , in your opinion , should we go for the Type A or Type B Account ?	Well , the Type B Account is very restricted . If your aim is to use the account the same way as your use your Settlement Account , I would recommend the Type A Account for you .
contra-0251	Do you have anything to do after this ?	No , I don't .	Shall we drop in somewhere for a couple of drinks ?	That sounds like a good idea .	I know a very interesting place .	Oh , do you ? Good .
contra-0252	Hello , I'd like to reserve a hotel room .	That should be no problem . May I have your full name , please ?	My name is John Sandals .	Hello , Mr . Sandals . My name is Michelle . What days do you need that reservation , sir ?	I'm planning to visit New York from Friday , April 14 until Monday , April 17 .	Our room rates recently went up . Is that okay with you , Mr . Sandals ?	How much per night are we talking about ?	Each night will be $ 308 .	That price is perfectly acceptable .	Wonderful ! Do you prefer a smoking or nonsmoking room ?	Nonsmoking , please .	Next question , Is a queen-size bed okay ?	That sounds fine .	Okay , Mr . Sandals . Your reservation is in our computer . All we need now is a phone number .	Certainly . My phone number is 626-555-1739 .	Thank you , Mr . Sandals . We look forward to seeing you in New York !
contra-0253	I don ’ t want you to be worried , but our son has some bad habits now . He says painful words everyday .	What words ? Can you tell me ?	He says kick mommy , beat mommy , don ’ t want mommy , very quickly if I do something that he doesn ’ t like . You know , if I wash his face or change his clothes , things like that .	Honey , I don ’ t know what to tell you . Of course Tony is a young child . But do not underestimate his ability to learn and reason .	Yes , but sometimes he is just not reasonable .	I suggest you treat him with patience , affection , and respect . If he needs to do something , like go to bed , or be washed , etc . , please guide or help him to get it done , but lead him with gentleness .	It ’ s easy to say , but I will try .	Motivate Tony to cooperate by rewarding his good behavior . Do not emphasize punishment for bad moods , etc . Do not threaten him with punishment if he resists the actions you desire .
contra-0254	Is the right counter to check in for this flight ?	Yes , it is . Please put your luggage on this scale .	OK . Is the plane on schedule ?	Yes , it is . How many pieces of hand luggage do you have ?
contra-0255	Hello.Is Bob there , please ?	Hold on a second please . I'm sorry . He has gone out .	Oh.This is Paul.When will he be back ?	He will be back at about seven o'clock .	Can I leave a message please ?	Yes , certainly .	Please tell him I'll call him at the office tomorrow afternoon .
contra-0256	Excuse me , I have something to trouble you .	Yes ? I'll be very glad if I could be of any help to you .	An hour ago , I bought this vase with my tourist .	Oh , yes . I remember it clearly . Is there anything wrong with it ?	I'm afraid so . We found this crack on the bottom when I went back to my hotel .	Oh , how awful ! Let me have a look , I'm terribly sorry . It was most thoughtless of me . Would you excuse me , please ?	Oh , It's quite all right , I suppose . It can't be helped sometimes .
contra-0257	I don ’ t want you to be worried , but our son has some bad habits now . He says painful words everyday .	What words ? Can you tell me ?	He says kick mommy , beat mommy , don ’ t want mommy , very quickly if I do something that he doesn ’ t like . You know , if I wash his face or change his clothes , things like that .	Honey , I don ’ t know what to tell you . Of course Tony is a young child . But do not underestimate his ability to learn and reason .	Yes , but sometimes he is just not reasonable .	I suggest you treat him with patience , affection , and respect . If he needs to do something , like go to bed , or be washed , etc . , please guide or help him to get it done , but lead him with gentleness .	It ’ s easy to say , but I will try .	Motivate Tony to cooperate by rewarding his good behavior . Do not emphasize punishment for bad moods , etc . Do not threaten him with punishment if he resists the actions you desire .	I know my parents sometimes threaten to punish him . But this doesn ’ t work , instead he picks up another bad habit .
contra-0258	what did you do last night ?	I just stayed at home and watched TV .	did you watch the Barcelona versus Madrid game ?	yes , it was a very evenly matched game .	what were the results of the game ?	it ended in a tie .	what was the actual score ?	it was three all .	really ? I thought Barcelona was going to win . They are a much better team than Madrid .
contra-0259	Hi , Jack , how have you been ?	Not very well .	Why ? Looks like you're feeling very down ! What happened ?	Nothing .	Come on . For a man who's feeling so , down , there're usually two reasons . Either his career is going downhill , or he has a broken heart . Since you're so successful , it must be the latter .	Well , you're right . I just broke up with Jane .	Oh , I'm sorry . I thought you two were made for each ocher .
contra-0260	Honey , I ’ ll be right back !	Where are you going ?	I told you already ! I ’ m going to get my nails done .	Again ? You just went last week ! You spend more time at the nail salon than you do here at home ! Honestly , why do you need a manicure every week ?	Well , first of all , I like to pamper myself , and my nails look great . You should come with me !	Why ? I don ’ t want to have nail polish or anything like that !	They don ’ t only paint my nails ! The manicurist will remove my cuticles , file my nails , and apply at least nails coats of nail polish !
contra-0261	You received a letter in the mail .	Give it here .	Who ’ s the letter from ?	I think it ’ s my acceptance letter from NYU .	I want to know what it says .	They didn ’ t accept me .	Are you serious ?	It ’ s the truth .	Are you okay ?	I really wanted to get into NYU .
contra-0262	what's wrong , Jerry ? You look so upset .	to be honest , I was just dumped .	oh , I'm sorry to hear that . You can go on a holiday to cheer you up .	no , thanks . I'm not in the mood for traveling .	come on . A trip will do you good . Are you doing anything this weekend ?
contra-0263	It was really hard for our parents to save money when they were young .	Most people were living form hand to mouth . How could they ?	Yeah . They simply had no extra money to save up or for other things .
contra-0264	I had a big argument with david yesterday . I hope he ’ s not still mad at me .	What did you argue about ?	He borrowed some money from me and I needed it back . He said he didn ’ t have the money yet .	Well , he should pay you back . It ’ s only fair .	Yes , but I got angry with him too quickly . He probably thought that I mistrusted him . I shouldn ’ t have got angry .	Did you lend him a lot of money ?	Not much . I had to pay an unexpected bill , so I needed the money back .	Well , talk to him about it next time you see him . He probably feels as bad about it as you do . Close friends sometimes have disagreements . It ’ s nothing unusual . Neither of you said anything really nasty , did you ?	No , we didn ’ t . I guess you ’ re right . We should patch things up .
contra-0265	Good morning . Thank you for the interview .	No problem . Now , do you prefer working with others or flying solo ?	Actually , I enjoy both .	So , what is most important to you in a job ? Do you need job security or professional growth and a chance to advance ?	I need job security .	Would you be able to relocate ?	I am open to relocating .
contra-0266	Are you going to buy a bicycle ?	I ’ m thinking about it . How much is it ?	¥ 350 .	Oh , dear . It ’ s too expensive . Can you give me a better price ?	Your discount is already included . Normally we charge ¥ 400 , but now we can give you a special price . This is our sale period .	It ’ s still too much . Can ’ t you make it any cheaper than that ?	Sorry , but this is the best price . You can ’ t get it any cheaper than here .
contra-0267	Excuse me . Is this where I catch the bus for the zoo ?	Well , you can take the No . 36 bus from here , but then you have to walk about 30 minutes .	That doesn't sound too bad .	Actually , if you go to the bus stop in the next block , you can take bus 301 which will let you right off in front of the zoo .	Maybe that's what I'll do . Thanks a lot .	You're welcome .
contra-0268	Can I help you ?	Yes . I want to buy a pair of shoes .	Have you a pattern in your mind ?	Well , maybe sneakers or rubber shoes .
contra-0269	Hey Mel ! Are you up for some tennis today ?	Sorry , I can ’ t ! I have to go to work , pick up Jake and Maddie from school , and make them an afternoon snack , then take Jake to soccer practice and Maddie to dance class .
contra-0270	David , I ’ m going to China .
contra-0271	Ms . Wang , this is Mr . Cooper , president of Ivy Publishing .	It's nice to meet you , Mr . Cooper .	Nice to meet you , Ms . Wang . You must be exhausted after your long trip from Canada .
contra-0272	Hide me , Yi-jun ! The kids all think I'm the real Easter bunny !	Aw , that's sweet ! I knew your costume would be a success .	It's a success all right . The kids keep trying to catch me .
contra-0273	I often recalled the days when Tom and I were madly in love .	Very romantic ?	Yeah . He always tickled my finny bone with his college stories .
contra-0274	911 . How may I help you ?	I need to report a break-in .	When did this break-in occur ?	Last night .	Where did the break-in happen ?	It happened at my house .	Was anything taken ?	I'm not sure yet .	What makes you think there was a break-in ?	My front window was busted .	I'll send a squad car .	Please hurry .
contra-0275	You mustn't touch the wet paint , Bill .	I'm sorry . I won't do it again .	Try to be more careful in future . Look ! you've damaged the sign .	Is this the sign ? What does it says ?	It says No smoking here .
contra-0276	Henry married Rose only after her father's money , didn't he ?	Yeah . But he soon feel regretted for it .	But he seems to be very happy with Rose .	He is more nice than wise .
contra-0277	Hey , look , there is a circus show over there .	I'm not in the mood .	It's the circus .	I don't want to sit there and watch them torturing the animals .	Oh , come on , they give them treat too.Oh , look , that little monkey is so cute .	Cute ? Hope so .	Oh , it is coming to us , come on , Ben , get a banana to it .	Me ? No way , keep him away from me , please .
contra-0278	did you watch the Oscars on Sunday night ?	no , but I heard about that Angelina Jolie and Brad Pitt didn't attend .	yes , that was surprising . I heard that they got into a fight and then decided not to go .	they must be the most famous celebrity couple in Hollywood .	they're also one of the richest couples . They have so many money and they can buy almost anything they want .	I also heard that Tom Cruise and Katie Holmes made an appearance at the Oscars .	did either one of them win an Oscar this year ?	I think Tom might have been nominated for one of his films , but I don't think he won anything .
contra-0279	Hello , this is Mike , Kara .	Mike ! Good to hear from you . How are you ?	Everything is fine , and how are you ?	Things are going well with me .	Kara , I had fun the other night at the movies and was wondering if you would like to go out again this Friday .
contra-0280	How can we develop a new brand image with no direction whatsoever ?	With the fifty forwards he sent out today , maybe we'll inadvertently get inspired .	I guess this is a good excuse to surf the Net on someone else's dime .	Who'd have thought Bean would be this kind of e-mail fanatic ?
contra-0281	Unfortunately , according to our regulations I have to confiscate these counterfeit notes .	So , this 500 RIB is worthless ?	I'm sorry but it is our regulation , so I must follow it . We will issue you with a receipt to show that the notes you presented us with are counterfeit and have been confiscated . Then , if you wish to pay in some more cash , you are free to do so .	Right , I see . Let me give you another 500 RIB .	Here's your Passbook back and the receipt to say we confiscated the 500 RIB worth of counterfeit notes .
contra-0282	Good morning , can I help you ?	I want to American breakfast with fried eggs sunny side up .	What kind of juice do you prefer , sir ?	Breakfast juice and please make my coffee very strong .	Yes , sir . American breakfast with fried eggs sunny side up . Breakfast juice and black coffee . And my correct , sir ?	Yes , that ’ s right .	Is there anything else , sir ?	No , that ’ s all .	Good morning , sir . I ’ Ve got breakfast your ordered .	Just put it on the table please .	Do you need anything else , sir ?
contra-0283	How old is Keith ?	He's 21 . How old is James ?	He's a year older than Keith , but he looks younger .	How's your father ?	He's fine . He retired last week . It's a turning point in his life . Now he can relax and enjoy his retirement .	He can spend more time with his grandchildren .	Oh , I don't think he wants to . He wants to travel to several different countries around the world .	So , he wants to have a more active retirement . Good idea !	How do you want to spend your old age ?	In the same way , probably .
contra-0284	What happened , John ?	Nothing .	Why do you look unhappy ?	I ’ m rather disappointed at not being able to see my best friend off .	Oh , cheer up . He ’ ll understand you .	I hope so .
contra-0285	This is such a beautiful day ! Great for sailing !	It sure is ! The water looks so nice ! Anchor the boat for a little while . I ’ m going to take a dip .	Why are you doggy-paddling ? I taught you how to swim ! Do your breast stroke !	I get too tired ! I ’ ll just backstroke , it ’ s easier !
contra-0286	Tom , I won first prize in the poetry contest .	Come on ! You're pulling my leg .	Really ! Here's my trophy .	Wow ! Congratulations !
contra-0287	Very glad to know something about you , then what are you going to do when you finish .	Oh , I ’ ll go to shanghai to practice there .	That ’ s a good idea . It must be easy to find a job in shanghai .	I think so , you know there is a great deal of opportunity for business there .	And English is very useful in your job .	I think it will be very useful in many ways . Beside , shanghai is an important trade center , not only in China , but also in the world , English is useful in almost all walks of life .
contra-0288	What's up ? You sound a little down in dumps .	I quarreled with my roommate last night . He is really stubborn .	Calm down ! Shouting won ’ t help ?	He is really outrageous .	What happened ?	I went back home last night . You know tired as a dog , so I took a quick shower and went to bed . I couldn't fall asleep , because Brian was there in the living room , playing his stupid stereo so loud . I kindly told him to turn that down a little bit . He shouted at me .	What ? He can't do this to you .	Well , he did it anyway . Then he came into my room and shot all his shit blah blah blah ... you know .	What did you do ?	I shouted it back of course .
contra-0289	Could you do me a favor and proofread my resume before I send it out to the human resources department ?	Sure , let me take a look ... Personal Information , Education , Experience , Training ... I think you should add another section for language . You speak three languages , so you might as well put that on your resume .	But languages don't have anything to do with engineering . Shouldn't everything I put on my resume have something to do with my field ?	Not necessarily . I think people would be impressed by your language abilities . It says something about your level of intellect and experience . Also , I think human resources directors want to see more of a well-rounded person in a resume .
contra-0290	Lili , let ’ s take a vacation !	George , how can we ? Vacations cost money . And this month we don ’ t have much money left after paying the rent .	Well , Lili , we can visit different places in the state in our van 10 . We are not going to take a plane or stay at a hotel this time . Trust me , it won ’ t cost much .
contra-0291	Frank ’ s getting married , do you believe this ?	Is he really ?	Yes , he is . He loves the girl very much .	Who is he marring ?	A girl he met on holiday in Spain , I think .	Have they set a date for the wedding ?	Not yet .
contra-0292	I am absolutely famished .	Yeah . I am too .	Where did you want to go for lunch ?	I was thinking we should just go to the cafeteria .	I don't think I ever got food from the cafeteria .	I actually like the food there .	Does the cafeteria sell a lot of different food ?	They have anything you want .	I was thinking about getting some Chinese food .	I bought some chow mein at the cafeteria . It tasted great .
contra-0293	Honey , do you have a second ?	Sure ! Are you okay ? You seem a bit worried.What ’ s on your mind ?	We need to talk .	Okay ...	I ’ Ve been thinking , and well , I think we need to start seeing other people .	What ? Why ? I mean , we ’ Ve had our ups and downs , and we have the occasional disagreement , but we ’ re happy together , aren ’ t we ?	That ’ s just it , I ’ m not happy anymore , Tim . It ’ s not you , it ’ s me . I know that I can be hard to deal with , and you are a great guy ! You are the type of guy that any woman would kill for !	So , what are you saying ? You ’ re breaking up with me because I ’ m perfect ?	Tim , you are too good for me . You deserve someone who can make you smile and make you happy the way that you made me happy . Oh , I could say that I ’ ll be all you need , but that would be a lie . I know I ’ d only hurt you , I know I ’ d only make you cry .	Baby , come on . Don ’ t do this to me ! Whatever it is , we can work it out . Just give me another chance ! I know that we can get through this , but we gotta stick together ! Don ’ t leave me .
contra-0294	I ’ m taking BA fright 123 to London . Can you tell me where the reporting desk is , please ?	Yes , Madam . The reporting desk for the British Airway's flight to London is over there .
contra-0295	This is such a beautiful day ! Great for sailing !	It sure is ! The water looks so nice ! Anchor the boat for a little while . I ’ m going to take a dip .	Why are you doggy-paddling ? I taught you how to swim ! Do your breast stroke !	I get too tired ! I ’ ll just backstroke , it ’ s easier !	Try kicking your legs more . That ’ s good . Don ’ t go out too far !	It ’ s fine . Jump in !	Kathy ! Get back here ! I see a shark !	Ahahah ! ! ! Help me ! Help ! Bring the boat closer ! The shark is coming straight towards me !	It ’ s right under you ! Kathy ! ! !
contra-0296	Hey Julie , you want to go grab something to eat ?	Sure ! What do you feel like having ?	I really feel like having a big juicy steak !	Oh . OK . I don't eat meat , but that's fine , I am sure wherever we are going they will have other options right ?	I didn't know you were a vegetarian !
contra-0297	I wish the politicians would quit digging up dirt about each other's past .	I know . It really makes a mess of the whole election process .	And it takes up all the news .
contra-0298	are you a blogger ?	sure I am . I've been writing a blog for almost three years .	oh , it seems that I'm the only one who never blogs . When did you get started ?	I began blogging when I first went to the US for my graduate strides .	what do you usually write about ?	at first , I'll write about my life there . Like interesting things on the campus , travel stories , special English words that I come across . Sometimes , I'll post my pictures on my blog so my family an	that's interesting . How often do you write a blog ?	it's random . If there happen to be a lot of things going on , I may add several new entries in a week , and if I've got nothing to share , I may leave my blog untouched for weeks .	got it . Are you still updating your blog ?	sure , since I came back from the US , I've been keeping the habit of blogging , simply to share my personal insights on any topic I like .
contra-0299	Hi . Have you got a personal computer ?	Certainly . What's the matter ?	I wonder if you often trade with others on the internet .	Sure . I often buy things or do business through it without going out to the physical stores .	Great ! It's just like viewless stores . But how can you shop or order on line or trade on line ?	That's simple . Just click the hyperlink , www.taobao.com or www . ebay.com , and you can see the specimen of the goods shown on the screen , and then you can place an order online with the sales company . And the goods will be delivered to your place .	Is the service charged ?	No . it's free .
contra-0300	Hi . Have you got a personal computer ?	Certainly . What's the matter ?	I wonder if you often trade with others on the internet .	Sure . I often buy things or do business through it without going out to the physical stores .	Great ! It's just like viewless stores . But how can you shop or order on line or trade on line ?	That's simple . Just click the hyperlink , www.taobao.com or www . ebay.com , and you can see the specimen of the goods shown on the screen , and then you can place an order online with the sales company . And the goods will be delivered to your place .	Is the service charged ?	No . it's free .
contra-0301	Scientists have found a second solar system in the universe .	What's the second solar system ?	It's just a system like ours , with a star and a number of planets going around it .	Is this good news or bad news ?	It's exciting news ! If we find a second solar system , we might find a second earth !
contra-0302	how are you doing , Christopher ?	to be honest , I'm really fed up with work at the moment . I need a break !	are you doing anything this weekend ?	I have to work on Saturday all day ! I really hate my job !	are you available on Sunday ?	yes , that's my only day off until Thursday .	ok , well , my friends and I are planning on going to the beach on Sunday . We tend to leave around noon whenever we go anywhere , so you could still sleep in . Do you want to come with us ?
contra-0303	I called HP about my computer .	What did they say ?	They said I need a new hard drive .	That's too bad . How much is a new one ?	It's not too much , only about $ 85 .	Plus installation ?	No , my hard drive is easy to remove and replace .	Really ?	Yes , it's just a couple of screws .
contra-0304	What's up ? You sound a little down in dumps .	I quarreled with my roommate last night . He is really stubborn .	Calm down ! Shouting won ’ t help ?	He is really outrageous .	What happened ?	I went back home last night . You know tired as a dog , so I took a quick shower and went to bed . I couldn't fall asleep , because Brian was there in the living room , playing his stupid stereo so loud . I kindly told him to turn that down a little bit . He shouted at me .
contra-0305	OK , everyone . Gather around . Here are the rules . No tackling . No pushing .	You shouldn't grab someone else's shirt . That's a foul .	Play is stopped when the person with the ball is touched .	You can touch them only between the shoulder and the knees .	The touchdown lines are there and there . OK , let's play !
contra-0306	Sir what's the boarding time ?	I am sorry.The flight is late.Please go to the waiting room for further notice .	I don't want to miss my flight .	Don't worry . We will keep you well informed .
contra-0307	By the way miss , where is the toilet ?	Toilets are in the rear , I am afraid all the toilets are fully occupied at the moment .	What ? Oh , what we live ! Thank you very much for your help , miss .	You are welcome .
contra-0308	did you know that abortion is still illegal in many states in the USA ?	why ? I thought Americans were supposed to be more open than that .	well , for many religious people , they believe that people who abort their babies are murderers .	do you think most people in America believe that abortion is wrong ?	no , I think it's mostly the older generation who are against abortions .	it's no wonder there are so many teenage pregnancies in America .
contra-0309	Let's do something outdoors today .	All right . But I don't want to play tennis . We played tennis last weekend .	Okay . what do you want to do ?
contra-0310	I want a pair of sports shoes , Adidas .	What size do you want ?	I wear size 40 .	How about this one ? It's the latest design .	Oh , I like the color .
contra-0311	I do want to meet with you and take a look at your catalogue . We ’ re redecorating and are going to add some things .	Well , I ’ ll be glad to help you out . I can come out anytime on Tuesday or Thursday of next week .
contra-0312	Good afternoon . I've brought the extra blanket you asked for .	Oh , thank you .	Is there anything I can do for you now ?
contra-0313	Matthew ? Hi !	Steve ! Haven't seen you in ages ! How long's it been ?	It's got to be almost a year now .	How have you been ?	I'm pretty good . I've been looking for a place to live recently . My lease runs out next month and I don't want to renew it .	Yeah , I remember the neighborhood . Have you found a place yet ?	Not yet . But I am still looking through the classifieds . Wish me luck .	Well , maybe I can help . Remember my neighbor ?	Mrs . Thou ?	Yes , her daughter's having a baby , so she's moving in with her to help out . I think if you are interested , you can come over and have a look .	Great . It's a lovely neighborhood . And it would be nice to be neighbors again . It would be just like the old days !	I'll ask Mrs . Thou when she's available to show the apartment and let you know . Has your number changed ?
contra-0314	I'm interested in Chinese antiques .	We have a great variety of Chinese antiques . Besides , we have landscape painting , figure painting and flower-and-bird painting .	I'd like a flower-and-bird painting .	How about this picture of cranes with pine trees ? It was painted by a famous Chinese painter in King Dynasty .	Oh , they look just like live cranes .	And what is more , in traditional Chinese thinking , cranes and pine trees symbolize longevity .
contra-0315	I want some cosmetics.Could you recommend some ?	I think Pond's is the best .	And they're very dear , too .	They're on special offer today .
contra-0316	It's time for bed .	But I'm not sleepy , Mum . Can I stay and watch more TV ?	It's already half past eleven . You have school tomorrow . You'll sleepy all tomorrow , if you don't sleep well tonight .
contra-0317	A :: You must be Wily . It's nice to meet you .	B :: Nice to meet you , Mr . Wilson .	A :: Tim , please . Please be seated .	B :: Thank you .
contra-0318	Good day ! Welcome to Lincoln Bank , how may we assist you ?	Hello . I need to find out if a Receipt of Proceeds has arrived . I'm from Felix Wasserman Associates .	Thanks . Have you got the L / C number ?	It's NX567822100007 .	Hang on a tick and I'll check for you . I'm sorry ; we have no record of that arriving .	OK , thanks for checking . Could you give me a ring when it arrives , please ?	No problem . I'll be in touch as soon as it comes in .
contra-0319	Look , how grand magnificent the Tiananmen Gate tour is !	What's Tiananmen famous for ?	It is largest pop square in the world.you see that is monument for the people's hero , and the Chairman Mao memorial hall on the south.there is great hall of the people on the west.there are two museums on the east .
contra-0320	Hello , I want to apply for the position of an usher in your restaurant .	Welcome . One of your duties is to know the number of the customer and accept reservation .	What else do I need to do ?
contra-0321	How do you think they could be ended ?	I don't think that there is any easy way . The United Nations could send peacekeepers into the country . At least then the warring parties could be forced to negotiate .	So , if the cause is poverty , there should be a program to make the country richer.If the problem is resources , share them .
contra-0322	Excuse me . Can you tell me how to get to City Hall ?	Yes . Go to the next corner and turn left onto Center Street . Walk three blocks to Second Avenue and turn right . Walk two more blocks and you'll see City Hall on the left .
contra-0323	Sarah , what did you do today ?	I went shopping .	Did you buy anything ?	Yes , I bought a few things .	What did you buy ?	I bought this coat . Do you like it ?
contra-0324	Hi , Sam . I want to buy a pet . Do you have any ideas ?	You really should go to Rachel's pet store .	Why ? anything special there ?	It's more than special . You can find as many kinds of animals as you can put a name to and more .	Oh , really ? are there any snakes ?	Snakes ? there are even rodents and monkeys ! it's a world of exotic pets .
contra-0325	Henry married Rose only after her father's money , didn't he ?
contra-0326	What are the most popular sports in your country ?	Swimming in summer and skating in winter.What ' s your favorite sport ?	Jogging and bowling . Do you know how to practise Bungfu ?	No I don't But l do Taijiquan or Shadow boxing.People everywhere in China usually do Taijiquan early in the morning.It can help people keep fit.It has a history of over three hundred years .	Is it easy to learn ?	Yes . it is I can teach you if you like .	Thank you . I can teach you how to bowl .	Right . Let's help each other .
contra-0327	I ’ Ve had it ! I ’ m done working for a company that is taking me nowhere !	So what are you gonna do ? Just quit ?	That ’ s exactly what I am going to do ! I ’ Ve decided to create my own company ! I ’ m going to write up a business plan , get some investors and start working for myself !	Have you ever written up a business plan before ?	Well , no , it can ’ t be that hard ! I mean , all you have to do is explain your business , how you are going to do things and that ’ s it , right ?
contra-0328	Hello , this is Mike , Kara .	Mike ! Good to hear from you . How are you ?	Everything is fine , and how are you ?	Things are going well with me .	Kara , I had fun the other night at the movies and was wondering if you would like to go out again this Friday .	Mike , I don't think that it's a good idea to go out again . I really need to focus on getting packed and ready to move back home .	Maybe we could just meet for coffee or something .
contra-0329	What's the matter , John ? you seemed to be restless today .	You see , I've been offered a new job . I can't decide whether to take it or not .	Oh , that's easy . If it's better than the one you are doing now , go for it . That's my advice .	It isn't that easy . I hate to quit my present job . People around here are very nice and the work itself is challenging .	Then what about the salary ? Would you get more ?
contra-0330	You are looking really healthy lately . What are you doing differently ?	Thank you for noticing ! I've been making a few lifestyle changes over the past year .	Tell me about it . I'm interested .	Well , it all started when my brother challenged me to quit smoking .	Ha ! That's right . You used to smoke . I forgot !	When I kicked that habit , I found I had so much more energy . I started exercising .
contra-0331	Hey Suzie . Guess what ? I'm having a baby !	Really ? That's so great . Congratulations .	Thanks . I'm so excited . We've been trying for 8 months now .	That's really exciting . How many months are you pregnant ?	Three months .	Are you going to find out if it is a boy or a girl ?	I want to , but Bob doesn't . He wants to be surprised like the old fashioned way .
contra-0332	Hello , Bessie .	Hello , Jack.Happy birthday !	My birthday ? I forgot it , Thank you for remembering my birthday .	I'd like to offer you my congratulations on your birthday and best wishes for your future happiness , good health and continued success . I've asked the Fairy Flowers to send you a bunch of flowers . I hope you'll like them .	Thanks a lot . I'm so touched .	Now let me sing " Happy birthday " for you .	Thank you very much .
contra-0333	What can I do for you , young man ?	I need to rent three pairs of skates for the morning .	What sizes do you need ?	One pair of 37 , and two pairs of 21 . One for me , and the other two for two kids .
contra-0334	Allan , I am really disappointed by your lack of effort on this project .	Look , Sally . I ’ Ve put just as much work into this as anybody else .	No , I ’ m sorry . I disagree . I don ’ t think you ’ Ve been working at full speed at all .	Well . I ’ m sorry you feel that way .
contra-0335	How old is Keith ?	He's 21 . How old is James ?	He's a year older than Keith , but he looks younger .
contra-0336	I do want to meet with you and take a look at your catalogue . We ’ re redecorating and are going to add some things .	Well , I ’ ll be glad to help you out . I can come out anytime on Tuesday or Thursday of next week .
contra-0337	Are you interested in history ?	Yes , I am . I enjoyed studying it at school , though I had trouble remembering all the dates , so my teacher never gave me good marks .	I love history , but I ’ Ve always thought that learning the reasons behind events is more important than remembering exactly when they happened .	I wish you had been my history teacher ! I might have got better marks !	Some people say that history repeats itself .	What does that mean ? The same events never happen twice , do they ?
contra-0338	How old is Keith ?	He's 21 . How old is James ?	He's a year older than Keith , but he looks younger .	How's your father ?	He's fine . He retired last week . It's a turning point in his life . Now he can relax and enjoy his retirement .	He can spend more time with his grandchildren .	Oh , I don't think he wants to . He wants to travel to several different countries around the world .
contra-0339	Honey , do you have a second ?	Sure ! Are you okay ? You seem a bit worried.What ’ s on your mind ?	We need to talk .	Okay ...	I ’ Ve been thinking , and well , I think we need to start seeing other people .	What ? Why ? I mean , we ’ Ve had our ups and downs , and we have the occasional disagreement , but we ’ re happy together , aren ’ t we ?
contra-0340	It's time for bed .	But I'm not sleepy , Mum . Can I stay and watch more TV ?	It's already half past eleven . You have school tomorrow . You'll sleepy all tomorrow , if you don't sleep well tonight .
contra-0341	How do you spend your day , Helen ?	Well , on weekdays I get up around ten . Then I read the paper for an hour and have lunch at about noon .	Really ? What time do you go to work ?	I start work at three .
contra-0342	Gross ! What are you doing to yourself ?	Chill ! I'm just curling my eyelashes .	It looks like some kind of primitive form of torture .	You're such a wimp ! You're afraid of an eyelash curler .
contra-0343	I really need to start eating healthier .	I have to start eating better too .	What kind of food do you usually eat ?
contra-0344	Good morning ! I am a new comer in our office .	Good morning ! Welcome to our office !	Nice to meet you ! My name is Grace Williams .	Nice to meet you too ! I am Peter Smith .	Today is my first day at work !	Well , hope you will enjoy your first day ! Just ask me if you need any help .	Thank you . It's very kind of you .	You are welcome .
contra-0345	Now , what seems to be the trouble ?	It's nothing serious . But I always have a headache , and I haven't slept properly for several weeks . I've also lost appetite and my eyes are burning .	Mm , you do look rather pale . Let me take your temperature . Would you put the thermometer under your arm , please ? Now , let me listen to your pulse . Mm , do you feel weak ?
contra-0346	Today I want to invite you to talk about insurance you ’ re interested in .	Thank you . I wonder whether I can enjoy the life insurance and health insurance .	Of course . A two-week paid vacation a year , a five-day workweek .
contra-0347	Tom , I won first prize in the poetry contest .	Come on ! You're pulling my leg .	Really ! Here's my trophy .	Wow ! Congratulations !
contra-0348	You would be using mainly English in this job . Do you think you could manage ?	Yes , I am sure I can .	Do you think you are proficient in both written and spoken English ?	Yes , I think I am quite proficient in both written and spoken English .	Do you think you can make yourself understood in English with ease ?	Yes , I think I can in ordinary circumstances .	Do you think you can speak English quite fluently ? Tell me about your English education .	Yes , I think I speak English quite fluently . I got a high score on TOEFL . I majored in English in college .
contra-0349	Excuse me . Can you tell me how to get to City Hall ?	Yes . Go to the next corner and turn left onto Center Street . Walk three blocks to Second Avenue and turn right . Walk two more blocks and you'll see City Hall on the left .	I'm sorry . I didn't follow you . Could you please repeat that ?	Okay . First , go to the next corner and turn left onto Center Street .	Uh-huh .	Then , walk three blocks to Second Avenue an turn right . Are you with me so far ?
contra-0350	How may I help you ?	I ’ m having a problem .	What problem are you having ?	There have been charges made on my debit card that I didn ’ t make .	Do you have the statement for your card ?	Here it is .	What are the charges you ’ re referring to ?	The last four charges on the page .	I ’ m afraid we ’ re going to have to investigate these charges .	How long will an investigation take ?	I honestly don ’ t know , but we will freeze payment on these charges .
contra-0351	What ’ s on TV tonight ?	Not much , that new reality-TV show , Ally McNeal , oooo , Dark Angel .	Wait a second . I want to watch Ally McNeal .	Oh , come on . That ’ s such a girl ’ s show .	No it ’ s not . It ’ s just funny .	Yeah , if you ’ re a girl .
contra-0352	This is such a beautiful day ! Great for sailing !	It sure is ! The water looks so nice ! Anchor the boat for a little while . I ’ m going to take a dip .	Why are you doggy-paddling ? I taught you how to swim ! Do your breast stroke !	I get too tired ! I ’ ll just backstroke , it ’ s easier !	Try kicking your legs more . That ’ s good . Don ’ t go out too far !	It ’ s fine . Jump in !	Kathy ! Get back here ! I see a shark !
contra-0353	What's up ?	Nothing much , what's going on ?	I'm having a party this Friday .	Oh , really ? That's nice .	I wanted to see if you wanted to come .	This Friday ? Sorry , I already have plans .	Doing what ?	I'm going to dinner with my family .	I really wanted you to come , but I understand .	Yeah , maybe next time .	I'll hold you to that .
contra-0354	Excuse me sir . May I come in ?	Mike , you're late again .	I'm sorry , but my sister was ill , so I	Do you think I believe the story like that ?	But it's true .	How can believe it if the same excuse was used twice within a week ?	That's coincident 。	Ok , hold it . Remember to be punctual next time 。	I promise I will .	You'd better .
contra-0355	Were you in a leadership position when you were a college student ?	Yes . I was president of the Student Council of our university .	Did you get any honors or awards at your university ?	Yes . I was elected Excellent Party Member for four academic years .	Were you involved in any club activities at your university ?	Yes . I was a member of the Student Poetry Society . I like writing poems in my spare time .
contra-0356	Hello , Bessie .	Hello , Jack.Happy birthday !	My birthday ? I forgot it , Thank you for remembering my birthday .	I'd like to offer you my congratulations on your birthday and best wishes for your future happiness , good health and continued success . I've asked the Fairy Flowers to send you a bunch of flowers . I hope you'll like them .
contra-0357	Excuse me . Do you know where the Admiral Hotel is ?	That's over on Callaway Street , isn't it ?	Yes , but I can't find Callaway Street .	Walk that way for about four blocks . The hotel's about two blocks north of there .
contra-0358	Can we choose a time to look at houses together ?	Can you do that in the mornings , or would the afternoons be best ?	Either way is good for me .	There are a number of open houses this weekend in your area . Would that okay with you ?	I can take a little time off of work , or I can go on a weekend , also .	We could meet at the real estate office , or I could pick you up at your home .	I am leaving from work , so maybe I could just meet you at the first house that we will look at .	I can think of five houses that we should look at . It will take most of the day .	I would like to see as many as possible .	When I have confirmed the times with the owners , I will e-mail you our plans for the day .
contra-0359	Oh , hi , Jessica , are you going to see this movie too ?	I'd love to , the movies are smash hit .	Then let's go in .	I can't . I'm waiting for Paul , but he's late .	I'll say the movie's starting in the minute .	I know . I wonder what's keeping him .
contra-0360	How's John doing ?	He can barely make ends meet .
contra-0361	So Dick , how about getting some coffee for tonight ?
contra-0362	They ’ ll do the operation for you this Friday .	But Saturday is my birthday .	I think it ’ s important to do now . We can have a birthday party for you when you come out of the hospital .	But it won ’ t be on my birthday .	But your health is more important . Believe me !
contra-0363	Look , how grand magnificent the Tiananmen Gate tour is !	What's Tiananmen famous for ?	It is largest pop square in the world.you see that is monument for the people's hero , and the Chairman Mao memorial hall on the south.there is great hall of the people on the west.there are two museums on the east .	What's that ?	That's the Forbidden city on the north of Gate building .	All the sightseeing in china is very attractive and crescive.travelling to China is very worth one.thank you so much for your guides , and I'll miss you .
contra-0364	His grandfather is the richest person in the area .	What a miser ! He cycles to school every day .	His grandfather's money is not his .	I can't understand him anyway .
contra-0365	I have to go up to London for a couple of days next week . Would you like to come ?	That would be nice . How are you getting there ?	Well , I prefer to go on the train , but I suppose you want me to take the car .	Oh , I much prefer to go by car , then we don't need to get to the station with our luggage and ...	And I've got to drive . You know I'm not fond of that . I found it much more relaxing to sit in the train .
contra-0366	Look , that bamboo groves are flourishing . Let's go and play there .	Wait ! Look at that board , what's on it ?	' Please don't enter the bamboo groves . ' We're not allowed to go in .
contra-0367	I want a pair of sports shoes , Adidas .	What size do you want ?	I wear size 40 .	How about this one ? It's the latest design .	Oh , I like the color .
contra-0368	hi , Lander . What's wrong ?	I can hardly make ends meet these days .	same here . I have't brought any new clothes for three months .	my income remains the same but prices just continue to rise .	true . The news says that there is a general increase in the price of daily necessities .	definitely . I have to spend 300 yuan more on food every month .	the biggest price jump is for pork , so most people have to turn to chicken .	is that inflation ?	inflation is more than just the rising prices , I guess . But the central bank is warning about the risk of inflation .	has the government taken some measures to curb it ?	yes . The government has banned price hikes in some key industries like energy .	but I'm afraid the price hikes will spill over from food into other areas of the economy .	you said it . I think we should tighten our budget and cut our spending .
contra-0369	It was really hard for our parents to save money when they were young .	Most people were living form hand to mouth . How could they ?	Yeah . They simply had no extra money to save up or for other things .
contra-0370	Matthew ? Hi !	Steve ! Haven't seen you in ages ! How long's it been ?	It's got to be almost a year now .	How have you been ?	I'm pretty good . I've been looking for a place to live recently . My lease runs out next month and I don't want to renew it .	Yeah , I remember the neighborhood . Have you found a place yet ?	Not yet . But I am still looking through the classifieds . Wish me luck .	Well , maybe I can help . Remember my neighbor ?	Mrs . Thou ?
contra-0371	Hello , Sir . So , you are back ?	Yes , hello again . I would like to know the exact difference between Dividend Deposit and Dividend Participated Deposit .	That's pretty easy to explain . With the Deposit , the interest is fixed , but the Dividend of each policy will be transferred automatically into your bank account by the end of each year . The longer the term , the higher the Dividend you earn . This is because it is calculated at the Compound Interest Rate .	And I can purchase that here ?	Yes . And if you already have a Current Account with us , the Insurance Premium can be paid through it , which saves all of us a lot of hassle .
contra-0372	that was a really good meal , Gordon .	It sure was . I couldn't eat another bite .	well , it is getting pretty late . I think we should go home .	you're right . I have to get up early to go to work tomorrow .	let's see how much the bill is .	don't worry about it . Tonight is my treat .	what are you talking about ? We'll split the bill .	no , I insist . I kept telling you that I would treat you to dinner but I still haven't .	no way , Gordon . I know that you are a little short on cash at the moment . There's no need for you to pay for the whole bill .
contra-0373	I'm so glad I bought this watch !	Cool ! Flashy red lines !	I think this is the coolest watch I've ever owned .	Is it waterproof ?	Isn't that a silly question ? You know how much of an athlete I am .
contra-0374	Excuse me . can you tell me where Main Street is ?	Turn left at the second light and then go straight for two blocks .	Is it far ?	No . it ’ s only five minutes walk . you can ’ t miss it .
contra-0375	Ms . Wang , this is Mr . Cooper , president of Ivy Publishing .	It's nice to meet you , Mr . Cooper .	Nice to meet you , Ms . Wang . You must be exhausted after your long trip from Canada .	Yes , it was quite a long flight . I'm glad to finally be here .
contra-0376	What's the matter , John ? you seemed to be restless today .	You see , I've been offered a new job . I can't decide whether to take it or not .	Oh , that's easy . If it's better than the one you are doing now , go for it . That's my advice .	It isn't that easy . I hate to quit my present job . People around here are very nice and the work itself is challenging .	Then what about the salary ? Would you get more ?
contra-0377	Did you set your clock forward for daylight savings time ?	What ? Why do we have to do that ?	Well , at the start of the spring we usually have more daylight in the mornings and less in the afternoon . This is basically due to our position on the planet and the rotation of the earth . In any case , to take better advantage of the daylight available , we compensate by moving our clocks forward one hour .	I see . That ’ s convenient ! I never understood things like this , such as GMT . I never know what time zone we are in or when to change my clock !	That just stands for Greenwich Mean Time . Here in California , we are in Pacific Standard Time , that is eight time zones west of Greenwich . Remember when we were in Beijing ? Well , then we were in China Standard Time , and that ’ s eight time zones east of Greenwich !	That ’ s why it was so weird traveling from Beijing to LA ! Because of the huge time difference , even though we left Beijing at noon and flew for more than eight hours , we still arrived in LA the same day at noon ! It ’ s like we went back in time !
contra-0378	how are you doing , Christopher ?	to be honest , I'm really fed up with work at the moment . I need a break !	are you doing anything this weekend ?	I have to work on Saturday all day ! I really hate my job !
contra-0379	Boy , it looks like everyone in your family is here , from young to old .	Easter's a good day for reunions . The family goes to church together .	And after church they come here for lunch ?	Yup , a big potluck buffet . And then-notice there are no children around ?
contra-0380	Are you an art aficionado ?	Not really . I like going to an art exhibition once or twice a year . I hardly know anything about art or sculpture . You are a true art lover , aren ’ t you ?	I love going to art galleries , particularly when one is holding an exhibition of abstract art .	I never understand the meaning of those painting . They are too abstract for me . I didn ’ t pay much attention in art class at school .	Art isn ’ t for everyone . I ’ m going to an exhibition tomorrow at the national gallery . It ’ s an exhibition of greek and roman sculpture .
contra-0381	I have a cell phone in my car . Now it's probably on the floor on the passenger side.Why don't you get it for me , and then I can call the police ?	Alright .	It doesn't work . It looks like it's broken . I need to get to a hospital . You should drive me there .	Oh , yeah ? It's better if we make a police report first . Then you can go to the hospital .	Damn it ! I'm injured here . We could wait all day for the police .	Well , you'll just have to wait . I'm not going to move my car until the police arrive . I'll go into one of those houses over there and use their phone . Don't worry . You'll get to the hospital in time .	It really hurts .	Yes , maybe it does.But if you're going to drive like you did just now , you will have to get used to a little physical pain . You know what I mean ?	To hell with you . The accident was your fault .
contra-0382	Hey Julie , you want to go grab something to eat ?	Sure ! What do you feel like having ?	I really feel like having a big juicy steak !	Oh . OK . I don't eat meat , but that's fine , I am sure wherever we are going they will have other options right ?	I didn't know you were a vegetarian !
contra-0383	Hi , I need to copy something right now .	Our computer lab on the first floor has a copy machine , sir .	Great ! How much per copy ?
contra-0384	Mr . Crandall , I ’ m sorry , but I really don ’ t see the value in doing this entire project over from scratch . It would take a lot of work .	That ’ s certainly true . But , that ’ s what this job is all about , Maria . There's no doubt that this project is unacceptable .	I agree . But I think that we can handle the problem by making a few major changes . I ’ d appreciate it if you would give me a chance .	All right , Maria . I ’ ll give you until tomorrow at 4:00 to produce a satisfactory piece of work , but otherwise , you ’ ll have to re-do it .
contra-0385	Hello ! I'm sorry to bother you . This is a complimentary fruit tray . Your food will be ready soon .	Wow ! It's a fruit sculpture ! Your chef is a real artist !	Actually , uh , I made it myself ...
contra-0386	You're from New York , aren't you ?	Yes , that's right .	What do you suggest I should see in New York ?
contra-0387	You guys are charging me $ 10 for a movie that I never ordered or saw .	Let's see , sir . According to your file , you watched ' Titanic ' Monday evening .	Well , the wrong information is in my file . I was at a concert Monday night .	Well , your word overrules the file , sir . One moment , please .
contra-0388	Listen , Karen , I need your help . I don't know anyone here yet .	I'm glad to help you . What's wrong ?	My mother-in-law just went into the hospital in L.A.Hank and I will be flying there tonight .	I'm sorry to hear it . What's wrong with her ?	Doctors aren't sure yet.But the real problem is Suzy . She has a bad cold , and we don't want to take her with us . But we don't know who can stay with her .	You need a babysitter .	Yes , I'd ask Jill , the girl I've had before , but I need someone overnight.Maybe even for two nights .	I could have Suzy stay at my place .	I don't want to do that to you , Karen .	Why not ?	Your own kids would get Suzy's cold . I think it would be better to have a good babysitter here . But I don't know who to ask . I need someone more mature than Jill . It might even be for two or three days .	I know who we can ask . There is a girl I know , Sara Ralston.She is 17 , and she will usually take this kind of job . I know her from my church , and I trust her completely .	I'd like to talk with her.This is short notice , I know . But Hank and I are leaving tonight .
contra-0389	This is such a beautiful day ! Great for sailing !	It sure is ! The water looks so nice ! Anchor the boat for a little while . I ’ m going to take a dip .	Why are you doggy-paddling ? I taught you how to swim ! Do your breast stroke !	I get too tired ! I ’ ll just backstroke , it ’ s easier !	Try kicking your legs more . That ’ s good . Don ’ t go out too far !	It ’ s fine . Jump in !	Kathy ! Get back here ! I see a shark !
contra-0390	Who are those guys ?	Kobe Bryant and Shaquille O ’ Neal , they are the Los Angeles Lakers ’ star players .	Oh .	Wait a second . He shoots , he scores !	All right !	Here comes Jordan , though .	Wow , Michael Jordan ’ s slam-dunks are beautiful things to watch .	Yeah . He ’ s older , so he doesn ’ t slam as much as he did when he was younger , but when he does , it ’ s still amazing .
contra-0391	Do you believe in UFOs ?	Of course , they are out there .	But I never saw them .	Are you stupid ? They are called UFOs , so not everybody can see them .	You mean that you can them .	That's right . I can see them in my dreams .	They come to the earth ?
contra-0392	I see Mike farmer has make it into the Olympic team . He beat the national record by 0.1 of a second .	That ’ s great . He ’ s the best runner I ’ Ve seen this season . I ’ m sure he ’ ll win a medal at the Olympics .
contra-0393	How can I help you ?	Yes , I am James Mason from Anderson and Associates . I would like to see Mr . Smith .	Do you have an appointment ?	Yes , he knows I'm coming . Our meeting is set for 2 o'clock .	I wonder if Mr . Smith forgot your meeting . I am afraid he left this office this morning and is not expected back until after 4 pm . Let me find out if he made arrangements for someone else to meet with you in his place . Will you please have a seat ?	Sure .
contra-0394	Good morning .	Good morning .	What does the paper say ?	Nothing much — the same old stuff . A lot of bad news as usual .	Well , what ’ s the weather report ?	Sunny and mild today , cloudy and rainy tomorrow .	Did they find those bank robbers ?	Not yet . They were holding two men in Ohio , but they let them go . They weren ’ t the criminals after all .	What about the sports page ? What were the scores of last night ’ s games ?	Here ’ s the paper ; you can read them yourself .
contra-0395	You are an early bird , Tom . What do you do in the morning then ?	Exercise . The morning hours are the most precious period within a single day . We should not pass them up easily . Seize the time and do something useful .	So , you choose to spend it on bodybuilding . Where do you exercise ?	Usually , I run to the Black Bamboo Park as a warm-up . Admission is free . Then I start my activities .	Do you do the same exercises every day ?	No , I've deliberately kept a balance between various exercises ; parallel bars , push-ups , sit-ups , bunny-hops , five-kilometer run , and so on . I alternate them over the weekdays . Sometimes , when I find myself in a bad state , I will simply idle about in the park .	Why don't you just stay in bed when you are feeling unfit for exercising ?	It's not easy to keep a good habit , you know . I fear that if I fail to get up early one day , I may find it still more difficult to rise early the next . Besides , a mere walk in the early morning is much fun , too . Here and there in the park , you meet whole gangs of senior citizens who might be singing operas or old songs , playing er'hu , chess , or just chatting and gossiping . It's interesting to join them .
contra-0396	Excuse me , Mr . Emory ? Mr . Macmillan , would like to know if you have the completed schedule for next week ?	Yes , I do , Susan . Just a moment . Here it is .	Thank you , sir . Sorry to trouble you .	Not at all , Susan . Just tell him to leave it with my secretary when he ’ s finished with it
contra-0397	Hello.Is Bob there , please ?	Hold on a second please . I'm sorry . He has gone out .	Oh.This is Paul.When will he be back ?	He will be back at about seven o'clock .	Can I leave a message please ?	Yes , certainly .	Please tell him I'll call him at the office tomorrow afternoon .	All right . I'll tell him when he comes back .	Thank you very much .
contra-0398	Say , what's your favorite sport ?	Mmmm ... it's hard to say . I like golf a lot-but I guess I like tennis better .	Do you play much tennis ?	Yes , quite a bit . How about a game sometime ?
contra-0399	Hello , ma ’ am , can I help you find something ?	Yes , actually I ’ m looking to buy a camera .	We ’ Ve got a wide selection do you know if you ’ d like a point-and-shoot , or something a little fancier ? Are you shopping for yourself or for someone else ?	Actually I ’ m buying a camera for my husband .	Ah , well then I ’ d recommend a nice entry-level digital SLR .	Yeah ? Can I take a look at the Sirs you carry ?	Sure thing , follow me . This here is the .	The Canon Eos . Yeah it ’ s ok , but I ’ m looking for something that performs better in low light , has a better display panel , and longer battery life .
contra-0400	Hello , Sir . So , you are back ?	Yes , hello again . I would like to know the exact difference between Dividend Deposit and Dividend Participated Deposit .	That's pretty easy to explain . With the Deposit , the interest is fixed , but the Dividend of each policy will be transferred automatically into your bank account by the end of each year . The longer the term , the higher the Dividend you earn . This is because it is calculated at the Compound Interest Rate .	And I can purchase that here ?	Yes . And if you already have a Current Account with us , the Insurance Premium can be paid through it , which saves all of us a lot of hassle .
contra-0401	Is there anything wrong ?	I ’ m worried about my daughter . She can ’ t decide about college .	Don ’ t worry . That ’ s just a part of being a teenager .	I don ’ t mind that . But she disagrees with me about everything .	You should encourage her to make up her mind by herself . You shouldn ’ t affect her decision .	But I just want to give her some tips .	Oh , she can make her own decisions .	I guess you are right .	Believe me . Everything will be ok .	I hope so .
contra-0402	Henry married Rose only after her father's money , didn't he ?	Yeah . But he soon feel regretted for it .	But he seems to be very happy with Rose .
contra-0403	did you know that abortion is still illegal in many states in the USA ?	why ? I thought Americans were supposed to be more open than that .	well , for many religious people , they believe that people who abort their babies are murderers .
contra-0404	Honey , I ’ ll be right back !	Where are you going ?	I told you already ! I ’ m going to get my nails done .	Again ? You just went last week ! You spend more time at the nail salon than you do here at home ! Honestly , why do you need a manicure every week ?	Well , first of all , I like to pamper myself , and my nails look great . You should come with me !	Why ? I don ’ t want to have nail polish or anything like that !
contra-0405	What kind of personality do you think you have ?	I'm quite active and energetic . I approach things enthusiastically and I don't like to leave things half-done .	Do you think you are introverted or extroverted ?	I'm quite outgoing i think . I enjoy mixing and doing things with others .	What do you think is the most important thing for you to be happy ?	I maintain that the most important thing is having good friends . A person can't live all by himself I think . A friend in need is a friend in deed.The more really close friends I have , the better .
contra-0406	Excuse me . Do you study Chinese at this university ?
contra-0407	Is there anything wrong ?	I ’ m worried about my daughter . She can ’ t decide about college .	Don ’ t worry . That ’ s just a part of being a teenager .	I don ’ t mind that . But she disagrees with me about everything .
contra-0408	Frank ’ s getting married , do you believe this ?	Is he really ?	Yes , he is . He loves the girl very much .	Who is he marring ?	A girl he met on holiday in Spain , I think .	Have they set a date for the wedding ?	Not yet .
contra-0409	how are you doing , Christopher ?	to be honest , I'm really fed up with work at the moment . I need a break !	are you doing anything this weekend ?	I have to work on Saturday all day ! I really hate my job !
contra-0410	that was a really good meal , Gordon .	It sure was . I couldn't eat another bite .	well , it is getting pretty late . I think we should go home .	you're right . I have to get up early to go to work tomorrow .	let's see how much the bill is .	don't worry about it . Tonight is my treat .	what are you talking about ? We'll split the bill .	no , I insist . I kept telling you that I would treat you to dinner but I still haven't .	no way , Gordon . I know that you are a little short on cash at the moment . There's no need for you to pay for the whole bill .	alright , if that's the way you are going to be , we'll split the bill .	that's better . This way we will both have money to take a cab home , otherwise , you would probably have to walk .	just promise you will let me treat you to dinner next week , ok ?
contra-0411	I ’ m fed up with marriage .	Why do you say so ? Everyone admires that you have a good wife .	Oh , no . When we were poor , we often tried our best to make ends meet . It was a hard time .	But now you are rich .	And we have some squabbles on some boring things .
contra-0412	Check out these wheels !	You bought a compact car ?	No , I borrowed it .	Let me guess , from Sarah . It looks like something she would drive .
contra-0413	Hey Mel ! Are you up for some tennis today ?	Sorry , I can ’ t ! I have to go to work , pick up Jake and Maddie from school , and make them an afternoon snack , then take Jake to soccer practice and Maddie to dance class .	You sound exhausted . Maybe you should hire a nanny to help you out ! She can pick the kids up and take them to their after-school activities . She can also help you do some household chores , and run so	Oh , I don ’ t know ... it ’ s hard to find the right nanny . You have to consider her previous work experience , the responsibilities you give her , and how she interacts with the kids . I would love to have
contra-0414	Jeff , I'm going to the supermarket . Do you want to come with me ?	I think the supermarket is closed now .	Oh , When does it close ?	It closes at 7:00 on Sundays .	That's too bad .	Don't worry , we can go tomorrow morning . It opens at 8: 00 .	Alright . What do you want to do now ?	Let's take a walk for a half an hour . My sister will get here at about 8: 30PM and then we can all go out to dinner .	Where does she live ?	She lives in San Francisco .
contra-0415	Allan , I am really disappointed by your lack of effort on this project .	Look , Sally . I ’ Ve put just as much work into this as anybody else .	No , I ’ m sorry . I disagree . I don ’ t think you ’ Ve been working at full speed at all .
contra-0416	Please tell me something about your insurance background .	I majored in international banking at college so I took many insurance courses . And I worked at an insurance company for my graduation field work .	Why do you want to be an insurance agent ?	I care about people and I know the importance of insurance .	Do you have any work experience in promotion ?	Yes , I do . I have worked as a salesman for P & G Company Ltd .
contra-0417	Where are you going , Jane ?	I'm going to the hospital to see Susan .	I saw her yesterday.She was a little better .	Must I catch a number 7 bus to get there ?	No , you needn't . A number 13 bus will also take you to the hospital .	Number 13 buses run much more frequently , don't they ?	Yes . I caught a number 7 bus yesterday , and they said I had taken a wrong bus .	Thank you , Henry . I'll get a number 13 .	But number 13 buses leave from the center of town.You ' ll have to walk two miles to catch one .
contra-0418	Look ! I bought these shoes only three weeks ago and there is a hole in them already .	If that happen to me , I ’ ll take them back to the shop .	I did . But they said they won ’ t change them .	That ’ s terrible . But if they wouldn ’ t change them , I know what I would do .
contra-0419	Excuse me . Do you know where the Admiral Hotel is ?	That's over on Callaway Street , isn't it ?	Yes , but I can't find Callaway Street .	Walk that way for about four blocks . The hotel's about two blocks north of there .	Thanks a lot .	Not at all .
contra-0420	Matthew ? Hi !	Steve ! Haven't seen you in ages ! How long's it been ?	It's got to be almost a year now .	How have you been ?	I'm pretty good . I've been looking for a place to live recently . My lease runs out next month and I don't want to renew it .	Yeah , I remember the neighborhood . Have you found a place yet ?	Not yet . But I am still looking through the classifieds . Wish me luck .	Well , maybe I can help . Remember my neighbor ?	Mrs . Thou ?	Yes , her daughter's having a baby , so she's moving in with her to help out . I think if you are interested , you can come over and have a look .	Great . It's a lovely neighborhood . And it would be nice to be neighbors again . It would be just like the old days !	I'll ask Mrs . Thou when she's available to show the apartment and let you know . Has your number changed ?
contra-0421	hi , Bob , I am so glad that you came .	of course I'd come . I couldn't think of a better chance to see all my old friends .	yeah . It's hard to believe that it's been ten years since graduation . It feels just yesterday we collected our diplomas .	how time flies . But hey , how are things going with you ?	oh , where to start ? There have been ups and downs . I'm still trying to find my place in this world . It's only recently that I've been able to start settling down . How about you ? You still with Jenn	yeah , Jenny and I got married right after graduation . It was tough the first years trying to make ends meet . I was supporting us both while she continued her studies . But now things are getting better
contra-0422	I ’ m fed up with marriage .	Why do you say so ? Everyone admires that you have a good wife .	Oh , no . When we were poor , we often tried our best to make ends meet . It was a hard time .	But now you are rich .	And we have some squabbles on some boring things .
contra-0423	Let's speed up . We're going to be late again .	If we hurry , can we get there in time ?	I hope so .
contra-0424	Can you speak Japanese ?	Yes , I can , but not very well .	Where did you learn it ?	At school . And I'm still learning it now .	How long have you been learning it ?	About three years .
contra-0425	Okay , so we're agreed on 900 .	I'm happy with that price .	Let's shake on it .
contra-0426	You look fresh recently.How do you make it ?	I attend an aerobic class three times a week .	Aren't you tired ?	No , I feel young , fresh and energetic .
contra-0427	What do you think of Frank ?	He is all right . But I think he seems to have no back bone .	Why do you say that ?	Whatever things get tough , he gives in .
contra-0428	What is life ?	Don't ask such a question . You know it has no certain answer . Everyone knows it is in his heart .	Then do you think that life is arranged by something above us .	Maybe , the whirligig of time , who knows ?	Right .
contra-0429	Mr . Crandall , I ’ m sorry , but I really don ’ t see the value in doing this entire project over from scratch . It would take a lot of work .	That ’ s certainly true . But , that ’ s what this job is all about , Maria . There's no doubt that this project is unacceptable .	I agree . But I think that we can handle the problem by making a few major changes . I ’ d appreciate it if you would give me a chance .	All right , Maria . I ’ ll give you until tomorrow at 4:00 to produce a satisfactory piece of work , but otherwise , you ’ ll have to re-do it .
contra-0430	Can you speak Japanese ?	Yes , I can , but not very well .	Where did you learn it ?	At school . And I'm still learning it now .	How long have you been learning it ?	About three years .
contra-0431	How old is Keith ?	He's 21 . How old is James ?	He's a year older than Keith , but he looks younger .
contra-0432	Don ’ t you agree that all the thieves should be punished by cutting off their fingers ?
contra-0433	we really were lucky . We got the last available table for two---and we didn't even have a reservation ! Did you see the long lines behind us ?	yeah , I'm glad that we didn't have to wait long . I'm starving !	let's take a look at the menu so we can order . Do you want to choose an appetizer for us to share ?	what would you rather have , samosas or poppadoms ?	I heard that one of their specialities is the samosa .	well , let's get a plate of those then .	sounds good . What are you going to have for your main course ?	I think I might have a dahl .	what's in a dahl ?
contra-0434	I am so glad I caught you at home . I need your help !	What's up , Robert ?	Cafe au lait , cafe latte , cappuccino , cafe mocha ... I can't keep them all straight !
contra-0435	how are you doing , Christopher ?	to be honest , I'm really fed up with work at the moment . I need a break !	are you doing anything this weekend ?	I have to work on Saturday all day ! I really hate my job !	are you available on Sunday ?	yes , that's my only day off until Thursday .	ok , well , my friends and I are planning on going to the beach on Sunday . We tend to leave around noon whenever we go anywhere , so you could still sleep in . Do you want to come with us ?	that'd be fantastic ! Which beach are you going to ?	it's a quiet beach just about an hour outside of the city .	what should I bring with me ?	we've got plenty of inflatables , but if you want to sit on a chair , you'll have to bring your own sunlounger .	I can just use my beach towel . I love lazing around in the sun .	do you like surfing ?	I've actually never tired . Do you have a surfboard ?	we've got a few . I can teach you how to surf on Sunday . It'll be fun !
contra-0436	Hi , Jack , how have you been ?	Not very well .	Why ? Looks like you're feeling very down ! What happened ?	Nothing .	Come on . For a man who's feeling so , down , there're usually two reasons . Either his career is going downhill , or he has a broken heart . Since you're so successful , it must be the latter .	Well , you're right . I just broke up with Jane .	Oh , I'm sorry . I thought you two were made for each ocher .	Well , you never know . I'm ready for a commitment and want to settle down , but she says she wants to pursue her career while she's still young .
contra-0437	Hey Mel ! Are you up for some tennis today ?	Sorry , I can ’ t ! I have to go to work , pick up Jake and Maddie from school , and make them an afternoon snack , then take Jake to soccer practice and Maddie to dance class .	You sound exhausted . Maybe you should hire a nanny to help you out ! She can pick the kids up and take them to their after-school activities . She can also help you do some household chores , and run so	Oh , I don ’ t know ... it ’ s hard to find the right nanny . You have to consider her previous work experience , the responsibilities you give her , and how she interacts with the kids . I would love to have	I think you should definitely consider it ! This way you won ’ t have to juggle such a busy schedule , and you ’ ll still get to spend time with the kids in the evenings . I can refer you this great
contra-0438	Excuse me . Can you tell me how to get to City Hall ?	Yes . Go to the next corner and turn left onto Center Street . Walk three blocks to Second Avenue and turn right . Walk two more blocks and you'll see City Hall on the left .	I'm sorry . I didn't follow you . Could you please repeat that ?	Okay . First , go to the next corner and turn left onto Center Street .
contra-0439	( A stranger stops to help ) Everything OK ?	No ! My tour bus got a speeding ticket not ten minutes ago . Now my engine is on fire !	I think that's just steam . Your engine's overheated .	Do you know a lot about cars ?	A little bit . I'll take a look if you want me to .	Please . Thank you so much for stopping .	Yeah , she's hot . Radiator's leaking . Looks like you were running her pretty hard .	That must have been just before I got the speeding ticket .	Did you have an accident recently ... Hey , wait a second ! I know this car !	You do ?	I ran into it a couple of weeks ago . What do you know ? Name's Hal .	I'm Akimbo . Nice to meet you , I guess .	Boy , I'm sure sorry about your car . Hey , Akimbo , I wonder if you'd like to make a deal ?	What kind of deal ?	I'd like to give you cash for the damage to your car .	You don't want your insurance company to pay for it ?	I'd rather not . They'll raise my rates . It'll cost me more in the long run .	If you give me cash , do you care if I don't fix the car ?	Hell , I don't care . Just don'T submit a report to your insurancecompany .	It's a deal , Hal . Thanks again for stopping to help . And thanks for smashing my car !
contra-0440	we really were lucky . We got the last available table for two---and we didn't even have a reservation ! Did you see the long lines behind us ?	yeah , I'm glad that we didn't have to wait long . I'm starving !	let's take a look at the menu so we can order . Do you want to choose an appetizer for us to share ?	what would you rather have , samosas or poppadoms ?	I heard that one of their specialities is the samosa .	well , let's get a plate of those then .	sounds good . What are you going to have for your main course ?
contra-0441	Could you show me what you've got ?	We've got several good chicken dishes if you like chicken .	We'll try one of your specials this time .	This is worth trying .
contra-0442	Hello , Miss Wu , This is Dan Robson calling from OTC limited . I'd like to check my last order . When exactly was it sent out ?	I can check that for you right now . Would you mind holding ?	Sure . No problem .	Mr . Robson , I'm sorry . Our computer system is down . Could I call you back later ?
contra-0443	Yesterday I had a quarrel with my roommate . I'm really fed up with all this .	Tell me what seems to be the problem .	My roommate always brings a lot of friends from off-campus . They stay in the room until midnight , singing and talking , drinking and playing cards while I have no place for study . I even don't have the quietness to sleep .
contra-0444	You received a letter in the mail .	Give it here .	Who ’ s the letter from ?	I think it ’ s my acceptance letter from NYU .
contra-0445	Allan , I am really disappointed by your lack of effort on this project .	Look , Sally . I ’ Ve put just as much work into this as anybody else .
contra-0446	Matthew ? Hi !	Steve ! Haven't seen you in ages ! How long's it been ?	It's got to be almost a year now .	How have you been ?	I'm pretty good . I've been looking for a place to live recently . My lease runs out next month and I don't want to renew it .	Yeah , I remember the neighborhood . Have you found a place yet ?	Not yet . But I am still looking through the classifieds . Wish me luck .	Well , maybe I can help . Remember my neighbor ?	Mrs . Thou ?	Yes , her daughter's having a baby , so she's moving in with her to help out . I think if you are interested , you can come over and have a look .	Great . It's a lovely neighborhood . And it would be nice to be neighbors again . It would be just like the old days !	I'll ask Mrs . Thou when she's available to show the apartment and let you know . Has your number changed ?
contra-0447	I was wondering if you could help me with something .	Sure , anything you say .	Actually , it ’ s a little bit silly .	Don ’ t worry about it , just ask .	What words do I need to know to buy a pair of shoes ?	You need to know the type of shoes you want .	Don ’ t worry about that . I can point it out in the store .
contra-0448	How do you arrange this summer vacation ?	I want to travel .	Where would you like to go ?	The seaside .	That's really a good idea . Taking a walk on the beach and lying in the sun are pretty good . I recommend you Qingdao or Dalian .	I ’ Ve been to Qingdao before , so I ’ ll choose Dalian . I've heard that the environment there is very good .	Yes , that's a good place to spend a holiday . Last year I went there . It's really .
contra-0449	Hello , I scheduled an appointment with Dr . Smith , and I can ’ t make it on that day .	What day was your appointment on ?
contra-0450	Lili , let ’ s take a vacation !	George , how can we ? Vacations cost money . And this month we don ’ t have much money left after paying the rent .	Well , Lili , we can visit different places in the state in our van 10 . We are not going to take a plane or stay at a hotel this time . Trust me , it won ’ t cost much .
contra-0451	Hello ?	Hi , Mr . Smith . This is Mary . Is Jenny there ?
contra-0452	The Johnson are on their way back.You remember them , don't you ?	Johnson ? I can't place them .	We met them in Bermuda last May .	They've completely slipped my mind .	The couple with the dogs , think back .	No , I don't recall a thing about them .
contra-0453	I ’ d like to apply for a personal loan .	How much would you like to borrow ?	A thousand dollars .
contra-0454	They don't really think you took it , do they ?	I don't know . I just know I've never been asked so many questions in my life .	How many of them were there ?	Three-but there was one of them who kept asking really stupid questions .	Like what ?	Oh , he wanted to know what time I got up this morning and if I bad a bath or a shower you know , things like that .	What on earth has that got to do with some money disappearing ?	I've no idea . Oh yes , and the most ridiculous thing . He asked me what I had for breakfast this morning .
contra-0455	Can you tell that I ’ m excited ?	What are you excited about ?	I voted today .	Was this your first time ?	I just turned 18 a month ago .	You ’ re lucky .	What do you mean ?	Because you turned 18 in an election year .
contra-0456	This is our rock-bottom price , Mr . Lee .	If that's the case . there's not much point in further discussion . We might as well call the whole deal off .	What I mean is that we'll never be able to come down to your price . The gap is too great .	I think it unwise for either of us to be inflexible . How about meeting each other halfway ?	What's your proposal ?	Your unit price is 100 dollars higher than we want . Well , I suggest we meet each other halfway .	Do you mean a further reduction of 50 dollars in our price ? That's impossible !	What would you suggest ?
contra-0457	Hey , look over there . It seems that there is something interesting going on . Let's go and have a look .	Sure . It's probably a skiing show . Adam told me there are many skiing clubs whose members put on shows to attract more visitors .	Look at that . It's so dangerous . My mom would never allow me to do that .	Stop all this fuss and enjoy the show .
contra-0458	I have to go up to London for a couple of days next week . Would you like to come ?	That would be nice . How are you getting there ?	Well , I prefer to go on the train , but I suppose you want me to take the car .	Oh , I much prefer to go by car , then we don't need to get to the station with our luggage and ...	And I've got to drive . You know I'm not fond of that . I found it much more relaxing to sit in the train .
contra-0459	So , Paula , where are you from ?	I'm from Canada , originally .	From Canada ? Where were you born ?
contra-0460	Hello ! How do I get more amenities ?	I'm sorry , sir . I'm not sure I understand .	I'm talking about the free stuff , like soap and shampoo .	Oh , I see . So , you're saying that you've already run out of your amenities .	No , no . I've got plenty left .
contra-0461	What ’ s on TV tonight ?	Not much , that new reality-TV show , Ally McNeal , oooo , Dark Angel .	Wait a second . I want to watch Ally McNeal .	Oh , come on . That ’ s such a girl ’ s show .	No it ’ s not . It ’ s just funny .	Yeah , if you ’ re a girl .	Well , you just want to watch Dark Angel because of the hot girl .	That ’ s not true . Dark Angel is a good show .	It ’ s story is just an excuse to get the girl dressed up in different tight outfits .
contra-0462	I was wondering if you could help me with something .	Sure , anything you say .	Actually , it ’ s a little bit silly .	Don ’ t worry about it , just ask .	What words do I need to know to buy a pair of shoes ?	You need to know the type of shoes you want .	Don ’ t worry about that . I can point it out in the store .	The shoes can be comfortable or not comfortable , too wide , too narrow , or just right ; and long or short . In girls shoes , the heel can be high or low .	Let me write all that down . I ’ m going shopping this afternoon .
contra-0463	Good morning , can I help you ?	I want to American breakfast with fried eggs sunny side up .	What kind of juice do you prefer , sir ?	Breakfast juice and please make my coffee very strong .	Yes , sir . American breakfast with fried eggs sunny side up . Breakfast juice and black coffee . And my correct , sir ?	Yes , that ’ s right .
contra-0464	Good morning.Are you Mr.Liu ?	My name is Liu Lichi . How do you do ?	How do you do ? Please be seated , How is your trip here ?	Quite good , I think . I came here by bus , and it took me about 15 minutes .	Oh , yes.How old are you ?	Twenty .	Hum , still a student ?	Yes , I'm student of grade 3 in the university majoring in economics .	What subjects are you studying ?	English , math , commercial and legal studies , and accountancy .	Have you had any working experience .	Well , I worked at a supermarket during last summer holidays .	What do you like to do in your spare time ?	I like sports very much.Besides that , I also like working on a computer in my spare time .	How are your English and computer skills ?	I have passed the CET - 4 and 6.As far as computer is concerned I can use the computer for word processing .	Okay . Mr.Liu , we'll inform you of the results within a week .
contra-0465	It's such a nice day .	Yes , it is .	It looks like it may rain soon .	Yes , and I hope that it does .	Why is that ?	I really love how rain clears the air .	Me too . It always smells so fresh after it rains .	Yes , but I love the night air after it rains .
contra-0466	Would you like to take a look at the menu , sir ?	Yes . Thank you .	Would you care for a drink before you order ?	A glass of Qingdao beer .
contra-0467	Who are those guys ?	Kobe Bryant and Shaquille O ’ Neal , they are the Los Angeles Lakers ’ star players .	Oh .	Wait a second . He shoots , he scores !	All right !	Here comes Jordan , though .	Wow , Michael Jordan ’ s slam-dunks are beautiful things to watch .	Yeah . He ’ s older , so he doesn ’ t slam as much as he did when he was younger , but when he does , it ’ s still amazing .	Which team do you think will win ?	The Lakers . Jordan is the only good player Washington has .
contra-0468	Very glad to know something about you , then what are you going to do when you finish .	Oh , I ’ ll go to shanghai to practice there .	That ’ s a good idea . It must be easy to find a job in shanghai .
contra-0469	Hello , I'd like to reserve a hotel room .	That should be no problem . May I have your full name , please ?	My name is John Sandals .	Hello , Mr . Sandals . My name is Michelle . What days do you need that reservation , sir ?	I'm planning to visit New York from Friday , April 14 until Monday , April 17 .
contra-0470	I hear you are planning to travel abroad .	Yes . I'm going to the Untied States for travel . What places do you recommend ?	In my opinion , there are several places you mustn't miss , like Washington D . C , Las Vegas , New York and Los Angeles .
contra-0471	Did you set your clock forward for daylight savings time ?	What ? Why do we have to do that ?	Well , at the start of the spring we usually have more daylight in the mornings and less in the afternoon . This is basically due to our position on the planet and the rotation of the earth . In any case , to take better advantage of the daylight available , we compensate by moving our clocks forward one hour .	I see . That ’ s convenient ! I never understood things like this , such as GMT . I never know what time zone we are in or when to change my clock !	That just stands for Greenwich Mean Time . Here in California , we are in Pacific Standard Time , that is eight time zones west of Greenwich . Remember when we were in Beijing ? Well , then we were in China Standard Time , and that ’ s eight time zones east of Greenwich !	That ’ s why it was so weird traveling from Beijing to LA ! Because of the huge time difference , even though we left Beijing at noon and flew for more than eight hours , we still arrived in LA the same day at noon ! It ’ s like we went back in time !
contra-0472	Hello ! This is Ruby speaking from G . O . T . International Travel Agency . What can I do for you ?	I ’ d like to make a reservation for my trip from Detroit to Beijing on April 13 on Trans Pacific Airline .	Do you want a single ticket or a round trip ticket ?	I ’ d like to have a round trip ticket with a one-year open return .
contra-0473	You received a letter in the mail .	Give it here .	Who ’ s the letter from ?	I think it ’ s my acceptance letter from NYU .	I want to know what it says .	They didn ’ t accept me .	Are you serious ?
contra-0474	what did you do last night ?	I just stayed at home and watched TV .	did you watch the Barcelona versus Madrid game ?	yes , it was a very evenly matched game .	what were the results of the game ?	it ended in a tie .	what was the actual score ?	it was three all .
contra-0475	Mr . Crandall , I ’ m sorry , but I really don ’ t see the value in doing this entire project over from scratch . It would take a lot of work .	That ’ s certainly true . But , that ’ s what this job is all about , Maria . There's no doubt that this project is unacceptable .	I agree . But I think that we can handle the problem by making a few major changes . I ’ d appreciate it if you would give me a chance .	All right , Maria . I ’ ll give you until tomorrow at 4:00 to produce a satisfactory piece of work , but otherwise , you ’ ll have to re-do it .
contra-0476	Good morning ! I am a new comer in our office .	Good morning ! Welcome to our office !	Nice to meet you ! My name is Grace Williams .	Nice to meet you too ! I am Peter Smith .
contra-0477	Look , how grand magnificent the Tiananmen Gate tour is !	What's Tiananmen famous for ?	It is largest pop square in the world.you see that is monument for the people's hero , and the Chairman Mao memorial hall on the south.there is great hall of the people on the west.there are two museums on the east .
contra-0478	You are looking really healthy lately . What are you doing differently ?	Thank you for noticing ! I've been making a few lifestyle changes over the past year .	Tell me about it . I'm interested .	Well , it all started when my brother challenged me to quit smoking .	Ha ! That's right . You used to smoke . I forgot !	When I kicked that habit , I found I had so much more energy . I started exercising .	At the gym ?
contra-0479	The plumbing in my new apartment is not working .	I need you to tell me what the problem is .	The bathroom sink is stopped up .	Is the kitchen plumbing messed up also , or just the bathroom plumbing ?	Just the bathroom plumbing seems to have a problem .	Did this just start happening , or has it been going on for a while ?	Everything worked beautifully until a few hours ago .	Are you going to be home so I can come by and take a look at the problem ?	I am not sure if I will be home later .
contra-0480	Even if our company didn't have a dress code , I still think people would wear formal clothing to work .	I wouldn't be so sure ... People want to wear what they feel most comfortable in .	Maybe that's true for some positions , but I think the marketing and sales staff would definitely not agree . They dress for success ! You can't go out on a sales call if you are dressed in jeans . It's just not respectful to you client .	I think what you wear is so overrated . I would rather have a down-to-earth , honest and solid sales person than a painted , patent leather , designer suite salesman .	It's not as simple as that . People judge you by your appearance , whether you like it or not . So dressing professional is being professional . The image that you portray to others is so important in business . It's your image and how others perceive you that makes the difference between landing or losing a sale .	Maybe you're right , but I'll take my sneakers and jeans any day !
contra-0481	Good morning . What's the matter with you ?	Good morning , doctor . I have a terrible headache .	All right , young man . Tell me how it got started .	Yesterday I had a runny nose . Now my nose is stuffed up . I have a sore throat . And I ’ m afraid I've got a temperature . I feel terrible .	Don't worry , young man . Lat me give you an examination . First let me take a look at your throat . Open your mouth and say'ah ' .	Ah .
contra-0482	I prefer potatoes to eggplants .	I feel eggplants are more nutritious .	But as a matter of fact , potatoes taste better .	Oh , that's how you see it .
contra-0483	Good day ! Welcome to Lincoln Bank , how may we assist you ?	Hello . I need to find out if a Receipt of Proceeds has arrived . I'm from Felix Wasserman Associates .	Thanks . Have you got the L / C number ?	It's NX567822100007 .	Hang on a tick and I'll check for you . I'm sorry ; we have no record of that arriving .
contra-0484	Hi , Jack , how have you been ?	Not very well .	Why ? Looks like you're feeling very down ! What happened ?	Nothing .	Come on . For a man who's feeling so , down , there're usually two reasons . Either his career is going downhill , or he has a broken heart . Since you're so successful , it must be the latter .	Well , you're right . I just broke up with Jane .	Oh , I'm sorry . I thought you two were made for each ocher .	Well , you never know . I'm ready for a commitment and want to settle down , but she says she wants to pursue her career while she's still young .	Well , she is not to blame . It's always difficult to choose between career and family .	Maybe you're right .	Jack , I don't know what to say to comfort you , but cheer up ! There are plenty of fish in the sea and you'll find your soul mate , your perfect match !
contra-0485	Good morning.Are you Mr.Liu ?	My name is Liu Lichi . How do you do ?	How do you do ? Please be seated , How is your trip here ?	Quite good , I think . I came here by bus , and it took me about 15 minutes .	Oh , yes.How old are you ?	Twenty .
contra-0486	A :: Mr Clinton , it's nice to see you again .	Nice to see you again , too . Peter . How's your family ?	A :: Very well . How's Mrs Clinton ?
contra-0487	Hello ! This is Ruby speaking from G . O . T . International Travel Agency . What can I do for you ?	I ’ d like to make a reservation for my trip from Detroit to Beijing on April 13 on Trans Pacific Airline .	Do you want a single ticket or a round trip ticket ?	I ’ d like to have a round trip ticket with a one-year open return .	Economy or Business Class ?	Economy , please . How much is it ?	It will be $ 850 .	Very good . Could I get an electronic ticket ? I ’ m always afraid of losing my tickets .	No problem . How do you wish to pay for it ?	Bank of American card . The number is 6786 9182 12300 8657 .	Thank you ! Would you like an aisle seat or a window seat ?	An aisle seat , please . I ’ m tall and need to get up and walk pretty often .	No problem . Your ticket is for Trans Pacific Flight 87 from Detroit to Beijing at 3 forty p . m . on April 13 . You will arrive at Beijing International Airport at six 35 p . m . on April 14 . Your electronic	What time should I arrive at Detroit Airport ?
contra-0488	Hi , Jack , how have you been ?	Not very well .	Why ? Looks like you're feeling very down ! What happened ?	Nothing .	Come on . For a man who's feeling so , down , there're usually two reasons . Either his career is going downhill , or he has a broken heart . Since you're so successful , it must be the latter .	Well , you're right . I just broke up with Jane .	Oh , I'm sorry . I thought you two were made for each ocher .	Well , you never know . I'm ready for a commitment and want to settle down , but she says she wants to pursue her career while she's still young .	Well , she is not to blame . It's always difficult to choose between career and family .	Maybe you're right .	Jack , I don't know what to say to comfort you , but cheer up ! There are plenty of fish in the sea and you'll find your soul mate , your perfect match !
contra-0489	This is such a beautiful day ! Great for sailing !	It sure is ! The water looks so nice ! Anchor the boat for a little while . I ’ m going to take a dip .	Why are you doggy-paddling ? I taught you how to swim ! Do your breast stroke !	I get too tired ! I ’ ll just backstroke , it ’ s easier !	Try kicking your legs more . That ’ s good . Don ’ t go out too far !	It ’ s fine . Jump in !	Kathy ! Get back here ! I see a shark !	Ahahah ! ! ! Help me ! Help ! Bring the boat closer ! The shark is coming straight towards me !	It ’ s right under you ! Kathy ! ! !
contra-0490	Diane Grant ? I haven't seen you for ages !	Brian ! How have you been ?	Pretty good . Say , you've really changed !	Oh , well , I've lost some weight . And my hair is longer than before .	Well , you look great ! How are you ?
contra-0491	I had a big argument with david yesterday . I hope he ’ s not still mad at me .	What did you argue about ?	He borrowed some money from me and I needed it back . He said he didn ’ t have the money yet .
contra-0492	I can ’ t stand being with you anymore . I'm sick of your drinking .	I swear never to drink again . Just give me another chance , please !	How many chances have I given you ? I don ’ t trust you any more .	You know how hard I've tried to give up drinking ? I ’ d be lost without you . I won ’ t let you go anyway .
contra-0493	What's up ? You sound a little down in dumps .	I quarreled with my roommate last night . He is really stubborn .	Calm down ! Shouting won ’ t help ?	He is really outrageous .	What happened ?	I went back home last night . You know tired as a dog , so I took a quick shower and went to bed . I couldn't fall asleep , because Brian was there in the living room , playing his stupid stereo so loud . I kindly told him to turn that down a little bit . He shouted at me .
contra-0494	Joe , how are you doing ?	I am great ! How about you , Mary ? How are you ?	I am doing great ! Thank you for asking , Joe .	I was wondering if you want to go see a movie with me tonight ?	I need to stay home tonight and finish my term paper .	OK . What about going to the movies on Friday night ?	What were you planning on seeing ?	I was thinking about seeing that one about the rapist serial killer .	How about “ The Secret Life of Bees ” ?	That's a chick flick !
contra-0495	Do you speak only English in the class , or does your teacher explain everything to you in Spanish ?	Oh , we never speak Spanish in class ! Miss.Parker speaks to us only in English .	I suppose she's right . Does she speak English very slowly ?	Not always . Sometimes we don't understand her . Then she has to repeat what she said .	It must be interesting to study English .	Mario and I are the best students in the class . Miss.Parker says that my pronunciation is very good .
contra-0496	What do you think I should do , doctor ?	Why don't you try Chinese herbal medicine ?	Is it useful for me ?	You have to try at least .	OK . Thanks a lot .	That's nothing .
contra-0497	Hi , Jack , how have you been ?	Not very well .	Why ? Looks like you're feeling very down ! What happened ?	Nothing .	Come on . For a man who's feeling so , down , there're usually two reasons . Either his career is going downhill , or he has a broken heart . Since you're so successful , it must be the latter .	Well , you're right . I just broke up with Jane .	Oh , I'm sorry . I thought you two were made for each ocher .	Well , you never know . I'm ready for a commitment and want to settle down , but she says she wants to pursue her career while she's still young .
contra-0498	It's getting late . I really have to go .	I hope we'll get together again soon .	I hope so . A good journey to you !	Thank you .
contra-0499	Lin's office supplies . How may I direct your call ?	Marry Lin please .	Sure , just a moment . ... I'm sorry no one answer the phone .	All right , could I leave a message ?	Certainly !
contra-0500	Allan , I am really disappointed by your lack of effort on this project .	Look , Sally . I ’ Ve put just as much work into this as anybody else .	No , I ’ m sorry . I disagree . I don ’ t think you ’ Ve been working at full speed at all .
contra-0501	Good morning , may I speak with Professor Clark , please ?	You are speaking with Professor Clark .	Professor , I am Kalina from your morning literature class .	Yes , how can I help you ?	I ran my car into a tree yesterday and need to miss a few days of school .	Oh , my God ! I hope you are all right .	I have a concussion , but I will be OK .
contra-0502	How can I help you ?	Yes , I am James Mason from Anderson and Associates . I would like to see Mr . Smith .	Do you have an appointment ?	Yes , he knows I'm coming . Our meeting is set for 2 o'clock .	I wonder if Mr . Smith forgot your meeting . I am afraid he left this office this morning and is not expected back until after 4 pm . Let me find out if he made arrangements for someone else to meet with you in his place . Will you please have a seat ?	Sure .	Yes , Mr . Mason , I just checked with our office manager , Ms . Terry , she said Mr . Smith briefed her on your project . She is just finishing up a meeting now . She could be with your shortly . Would you like me to show you around while you are waiting ?
contra-0503	How do you think they could be ended ?	I don't think that there is any easy way . The United Nations could send peacekeepers into the country . At least then the warring parties could be forced to negotiate .	So , if the cause is poverty , there should be a program to make the country richer.If the problem is resources , share them .	It sounds easy when you say it like that . In reality , it's harder to make peace between countries .	Yes , it is.One way to stop countries fighting is to cut off their financial support . Wars are very expensive .
contra-0504	I'm going to go shopping for groceries in a little bit .	Why , do we need groceries ?	I believe we are all out of food .
contra-0505	So I'm on the fifth floor ? How come this hotel has no fourth floor .	Four is an unlucky number here , Peter.Four sounds like death in Chinese.Hotels often have no fourth floor .
contra-0506	How's John doing ?	He can barely make ends meet .
contra-0507	( A stranger stops to help ) Everything OK ?	No ! My tour bus got a speeding ticket not ten minutes ago . Now my engine is on fire !	I think that's just steam . Your engine's overheated .	Do you know a lot about cars ?	A little bit . I'll take a look if you want me to .	Please . Thank you so much for stopping .	Yeah , she's hot . Radiator's leaking . Looks like you were running her pretty hard .	That must have been just before I got the speeding ticket .	Did you have an accident recently ... Hey , wait a second ! I know this car !	You do ?	I ran into it a couple of weeks ago . What do you know ? Name's Hal .	I'm Akimbo . Nice to meet you , I guess .	Boy , I'm sure sorry about your car . Hey , Akimbo , I wonder if you'd like to make a deal ?	What kind of deal ?
contra-0508	Hello ! How do I get more amenities ?	I'm sorry , sir . I'm not sure I understand .	I'm talking about the free stuff , like soap and shampoo .	Oh , I see . So , you're saying that you've already run out of your amenities .	No , no . I've got plenty left .	Now I'm confused again ! What is the problem ?	What am I going to do about souvenirs ?	Oh , I get it ! You want souvenirs !	Yes , I've got enough soap for my use , but no extra soap for souvenirs .	Sir , our souvenir shop carries all those items , and as a guest you get a discount .
contra-0509	Now , what seems to be the trouble ?	It's nothing serious . But I always have a headache , and I haven't slept properly for several weeks . I've also lost appetite and my eyes are burning .	Mm , you do look rather pale . Let me take your temperature . Would you put the thermometer under your arm , please ? Now , let me listen to your pulse . Mm , do you feel weak ?	Yes , I never seem to have any energy .	I'll give you a blood test . Would you roll up your sleeve ? Just as I thought . You're anemic . You'd better pay more attention to your diet . Eat plenty of fresh fruit and vegetables and food high in protein . And don't stay up late working . Try to get more rest .	Thank you .
contra-0510	Excuse me , what's the time difference between Tokyo and London ?	8 hours . Tokyo is 8 hours earlier than London .	It's one day more or one day less from Tokyo to London ?
contra-0511	I'd like to invite you to dinner tonight , do you think have time ?	Thank you for your inition . I'm free tonight .
contra-0512	Excuse me , I would like to know something about this campus . Right now it seems very big and confusing ! I have no idea where I am going or what I am doing .	Do you have a map of the campus ?	Yes , I have , but it doesn ’ t help me very much . I ’ m not very good at reading maps .	Do you know where your classes are ?	More or less . I go to three different buildings , and always get there late . I feel so hopeless . I don ’ t know why I am late all the time . No one else seems to be .
contra-0513	I do want to meet with you and take a look at your catalogue . We ’ re redecorating and are going to add some things .	Well , I ’ ll be glad to help you out . I can come out anytime on Tuesday or Thursday of next week .	Let ’ s put it down for 1:15 on Thursday . We ’ ll definitely need some new filing cabinets and at least one desk unit .	Fine . I ’ ll bring both our office furniture and equipment catalogues on Thursday .
contra-0514	Hey Mel ! Are you up for some tennis today ?	Sorry , I can ’ t ! I have to go to work , pick up Jake and Maddie from school , and make them an afternoon snack , then take Jake to soccer practice and Maddie to dance class .	You sound exhausted . Maybe you should hire a nanny to help you out ! She can pick the kids up and take them to their after-school activities . She can also help you do some household chores , and run so
contra-0515	I want some cosmetics.Could you recommend some ?	I think Pond's is the best .	And they're very dear , too .	They're on special offer today .
contra-0516	Hey Mel ! Are you up for some tennis today ?	Sorry , I can ’ t ! I have to go to work , pick up Jake and Maddie from school , and make them an afternoon snack , then take Jake to soccer practice and Maddie to dance class .	You sound exhausted . Maybe you should hire a nanny to help you out ! She can pick the kids up and take them to their after-school activities . She can also help you do some household chores , and run so	Oh , I don ’ t know ... it ’ s hard to find the right nanny . You have to consider her previous work experience , the responsibilities you give her , and how she interacts with the kids . I would love to have	I think you should definitely consider it ! This way you won ’ t have to juggle such a busy schedule , and you ’ ll still get to spend time with the kids in the evenings . I can refer you this great
contra-0517	You still have not given me those files I ’ Ve asked you for .	I ’ m sorry , Mr . Myers . I ’ Ve just been so busy today .	I really don ’ t want to hear your excuses , Janet . We ’ re running a busy office here . You ’ re going to have to keep up .
contra-0518	Hi , Dan . What's new ?	Where have you been ? I've been trying to get in touch with you for two days .	I went to Salt Lake City on business . What's up ?	I got fired .	How come ? Last time I saw you . You told me it was a good job , and you'd like to take it as a career . That was only one month ago . Why this sudden change ?	It's a long story . In a word , I didn't do a good job of it . I messed up a business deal , a deal that would have made ten million dollars and I messed it up .
contra-0519	Did you watch the volleyball match last night ?	Yeah .	Who won ?	China .	What is the score ?	China beat Brazil three to zero .
contra-0520	I was wondering if you could help me with something .	Sure , anything you say .	Actually , it ’ s a little bit silly .	Don ’ t worry about it , just ask .	What words do I need to know to buy a pair of shoes ?	You need to know the type of shoes you want .
contra-0521	It's time for bed .	But I'm not sleepy , Mum . Can I stay and watch more TV ?	It's already half past eleven . You have school tomorrow . You'll sleepy all tomorrow , if you don't sleep well tonight .	I know . But I promise I won't be sleepy tomorrow . I work really hard .	Don't you have the exams coming up soon ? I'm sure you could spend more time preparing for those .	Oh , I nearly forgot the exams .	You do well in maths , but your history is not good enough . Am I right ?	Yeah , I guess so . Maybe I can go to sleep now and get up early to review the lessons tomorrow .	An excellent idea . Work now and play later .	I know you're right . School is more important than TV . Can I watch one more show , then go to bed .	No , now it's bedtime .
contra-0522	Hello , I'd like to reserve a hotel room .	That should be no problem . May I have your full name , please ?	My name is John Sandals .	Hello , Mr . Sandals . My name is Michelle . What days do you need that reservation , sir ?	I'm planning to visit New York from Friday , April 14 until Monday , April 17 .	Our room rates recently went up . Is that okay with you , Mr . Sandals ?	How much per night are we talking about ?	Each night will be $ 308 .	That price is perfectly acceptable .	Wonderful ! Do you prefer a smoking or nonsmoking room ?	Nonsmoking , please .	Next question , Is a queen-size bed okay ?	That sounds fine .	Okay , Mr . Sandals . Your reservation is in our computer . All we need now is a phone number .	Certainly . My phone number is 626-555-1739 .
contra-0523	Good morning.Are you Mr.Liu ?	My name is Liu Lichi . How do you do ?	How do you do ? Please be seated , How is your trip here ?	Quite good , I think . I came here by bus , and it took me about 15 minutes .	Oh , yes.How old are you ?	Twenty .	Hum , still a student ?	Yes , I'm student of grade 3 in the university majoring in economics .	What subjects are you studying ?	English , math , commercial and legal studies , and accountancy .	Have you had any working experience .	Well , I worked at a supermarket during last summer holidays .	What do you like to do in your spare time ?	I like sports very much.Besides that , I also like working on a computer in my spare time .	How are your English and computer skills ?	I have passed the CET - 4 and 6.As far as computer is concerned I can use the computer for word processing .	Okay . Mr.Liu , we'll inform you of the results within a week .
contra-0524	It seems that nobody in your class likes Paul .	The boy is good for nothing .	As a teacher , I don ’ t know how to help him .
contra-0525	Hello , Bessie .	Hello , Jack.Happy birthday !	My birthday ? I forgot it , Thank you for remembering my birthday .	I'd like to offer you my congratulations on your birthday and best wishes for your future happiness , good health and continued success . I've asked the Fairy Flowers to send you a bunch of flowers . I hope you'll like them .
contra-0526	I see Mike farmer has make it into the Olympic team . He beat the national record by 0.1 of a second .	That ’ s great . He ’ s the best runner I ’ Ve seen this season . I ’ m sure he ’ ll win a medal at the Olympics .	I think you ’ re right . I think we have a very good athletics team . They should do well in the Olympics . How many medals do you think we ’ ll win ?	I really don ’ t know . I don ’ t think we ’ ll win many gold medals , but I think we should win several silver and bronze ones .	What do you think our chance are in other events .	In the last Olympics , we did very well in swimming , cycling and ball sports . I think we ’ ll do well in those same events .
contra-0527	I really need to start eating healthier .	I have to start eating better too .	What kind of food do you usually eat ?	I try my best to eat only fruits , vegetables , and chicken .
contra-0528	What happened , John ?	Nothing .	Why do you look unhappy ?	I ’ m rather disappointed at not being able to see my best friend off .	Oh , cheer up . He ’ ll understand you .
contra-0529	Hey , could you help me try and figure out how to get ready for my job interview ?	The most important thing to do is to make sure you know the company and what services or products it provides . Do you know all about them ?	Yes , I pretty much understand the company .	Well , after you've done your research , you have to decide whether the company is casual or formal . Have you decided what they are yet ?	Yes , I've been observing them .	When you are choosing what to wear , keep all of that in mind . Have you chosen what to wear ?	I already have something to wear .
contra-0530	So Dick , how about getting some coffee for tonight ?	Coffee ? I don ’ t honestly like that kind of stuff .	Come on , you can at least try a little , besides your cigarette .	What ’ s wrong with that ? Cigarette is the thing I go crazy for .	Not for me , Dick .
contra-0531	Hi , there . Look at these . I have collected some ads here . There is a special promotion for Mother's Day this weekend .	Oh , yes . Mother's Day is coming . Do you plan to buy anything ?	Of course . I want to buy some night cream for my mom , and some masques for myself .
contra-0532	What's wrong with Debbie today ? She seems upset about something .	I have no idea . Maybe she had a fight with her husband .
contra-0533	how are you doing , Christopher ?	to be honest , I'm really fed up with work at the moment . I need a break !	are you doing anything this weekend ?	I have to work on Saturday all day ! I really hate my job !	are you available on Sunday ?	yes , that's my only day off until Thursday .	ok , well , my friends and I are planning on going to the beach on Sunday . We tend to leave around noon whenever we go anywhere , so you could still sleep in . Do you want to come with us ?
contra-0534	How old is Keith ?	He's 21 . How old is James ?	He's a year older than Keith , but he looks younger .	How's your father ?	He's fine . He retired last week . It's a turning point in his life . Now he can relax and enjoy his retirement .
contra-0535	Let me tell you some more . The interest is settled on the 20th of the last month in each quarter , It's paid quarterly . Of course it also needs to be settled if you cancel the account .	Miao Ping , in your opinion , should we go for the Type A or Type B Account ?	Well , the Type B Account is very restricted . If your aim is to use the account the same way as your use your Settlement Account , I would recommend the Type A Account for you .
contra-0536	Were you in a leadership position when you were a college student ?	Yes . I was president of the Student Council of our university .	Did you get any honors or awards at your university ?	Yes . I was elected Excellent Party Member for four academic years .	Were you involved in any club activities at your university ?	Yes . I was a member of the Student Poetry Society . I like writing poems in my spare time .	What extracurricular activities did you usually take part in at your college ?	I sometimes played table tennis and sometimes played basketball .
contra-0537	I met a girl in elevator this morning . She works in a company upstairs . She said she envied the casual way we dress for work . She complained about the dress rule in her company . It requires everyone to wear formal clothes from Monday to Friday .	Well , I was wondering where those people with professional attire come from . Now , I know the answer .	You know , in a sense , a suits and ties are compulsory for male employees even in July , and no jewelry allowed for most of the female employees . Even the reasonable male leaf is returning the rule , isn ’ t that strict ?
contra-0538	Listen , Karen , I need your help . I don't know anyone here yet .	I'm glad to help you . What's wrong ?	My mother-in-law just went into the hospital in L.A.Hank and I will be flying there tonight .	I'm sorry to hear it . What's wrong with her ?
contra-0539	did you watch the Oscars on Sunday night ?	no , but I heard about that Angelina Jolie and Brad Pitt didn't attend .	yes , that was surprising . I heard that they got into a fight and then decided not to go .	they must be the most famous celebrity couple in Hollywood .	they're also one of the richest couples . They have so many money and they can buy almost anything they want .	I also heard that Tom Cruise and Katie Holmes made an appearance at the Oscars .	did either one of them win an Oscar this year ?
contra-0540	Excuse me sir . May I come in ?	Mike , you're late again .	I'm sorry , but my sister was ill , so I	Do you think I believe the story like that ?	But it's true .	How can believe it if the same excuse was used twice within a week ?	That's coincident 。	Ok , hold it . Remember to be punctual next time 。	I promise I will .	You'd better .
contra-0541	I hate to go outside .	Me too .	Why do you hate to go outside ?	I meet too many jerks .	I agree .	This city is full of jerks .
contra-0542	Jeff , I'm going to the supermarket . Do you want to come with me ?
contra-0543	Please tell me how to file things according to the concerned rules .	Well , all right . There are four points you should keep in mind when you file documents , information and other things .	What are they ?
contra-0544	I have some great news ! I was able to switch to the night shift !	I knew everything would work out for you !	I got to meet the night Anger today too . We got along right from the start .	Wonderful ! Do you already have your work schedule ?	Not yet , I pick it up tomorrow .
contra-0545	hi , Bob , I am so glad that you came .	of course I'd come . I couldn't think of a better chance to see all my old friends .	yeah . It's hard to believe that it's been ten years since graduation . It feels just yesterday we collected our diplomas .	how time flies . But hey , how are things going with you ?	oh , where to start ? There have been ups and downs . I'm still trying to find my place in this world . It's only recently that I've been able to start settling down . How about you ? You still with Jenn	yeah , Jenny and I got married right after graduation . It was tough the first years trying to make ends meet . I was supporting us both while she continued her studies . But now things are getting better	oh , that sounds wonderful . I have always known you two would make it . I hope I can keep in better contact with you guys . I don't want us to drift apart again .	definitely ! Actually , we just moved into a new place . There's a house-warming party this Saturday , if you are free ? I know Jenny would love to see you again and it should be a good party .
contra-0546	Hello , Mr . Black , how are you ?	Fine , thank you , and how are you ?	Very well , thank you . It's nice to meet you again . I am awfully sorry for not being able to meet you at the airport , as I was busy yesterday . I do hope you had a very enjoyable trip from New York .	Yes , a very pleasant journey indeed . Thank you .	How are you getting along with your business ?
contra-0547	its fall ! finally time for the snow to come ! !	i am from australia so i lobe a good snowfall	its fall ! finally time for the snow to come ! !
contra-0548	hi how are you tonight ?	hello , i am doing just fine . how about you ?	hi how are you tonight ?
contra-0549	how are you today ? i am doing great myself	i am great ! it is hot here in south carolina today .
contra-0550	hi there , how are you doing today ?	hey there ! i am freaking out about nature and the environment !	hi there , how are you doing today ?	hey there ! i am freaking out about nature and the environment !	i go running for a hours a day so global warming is a concern too	nice ! i also make my own clothes , it helps as well .	do you diet ? i ask because dieting is part of my livelihood .	well i did just adopt a cat from the street . . . i could eat it for my diet	lol , i have a couple cats and a pup myself , but i meant diet	i do not have a problem with eating animals
contra-0551	hi my name is john	hi john my name is marie , nice to meet you .	hi my name is john	hi john my name is marie , nice to meet you .
contra-0552	hello . how are you tonight ? i am just doing a bit of web design .	i am good , just lifting weights	hello . how are you tonight ? i am just doing a bit of web design .
contra-0553	hey there how are you ?	hello , i am doing great today what about you ?	hey there how are you ?	hello , i am doing great today what about you ?	i am well just tired , all the little ones in my class are busy	i am thinking about riding my bike tomorrow after work .	really ? cool have any pets ? i do .	i volunteered today at the homeless shelter . i like helping others .
contra-0554	hello , how are you tonight ? i have to go home later .	hi . are you having a good day ?	hello , how are you tonight ? i have to go home later .
contra-0555	do you have a favorite sport ?	no time for sports since i am constantly working as an engineer . you ?	do you have a favorite sport ?	no time for sports since i am constantly working as an engineer . you ?	i love playing extreme frisbee .	that is awesome ! i would be afraid of all the insects while playing	i am too salty from eating sardines for breakfast every day .	well that sounds gross . i prefer bacon	the doctor said i should not eat them because of my surgery .	what surgery did you have ?	i had gastric bypass surgery .	good for you . i heard that classical music helps healing . i like bach	i prefer rock music , but classical is ok .	english is my first language but my friend who speaks spanish also likes classical	i never learned another language . i dropped out of high school before it came up .	i never did either . just english for me	english is complicated hodge podge language as it is .
contra-0556	hi how are you today	i am fine thank you , how about u ?	hi how are you today
contra-0557	hello , how are you today ?	hi , my mother and i own a restaurant . you like pizza ?	hello , how are you today ?	hi , my mother and i own a restaurant . you like pizza ?	i do not like pizza . i work as a bodybuilder and can not eat carbs	hmmm . i see . there are seven siblings in my home .	wow that is a lot ! i only have a brother	older brother or younger ? what foods can you love that are not carbs ?	younger brother , and veggies haha	oh okay . i like ghost love stories .	never heard of them . i work as part time as a doctor	great sometimes i wish dracula would bite my neck .	well you should go find him ! he might
contra-0558	hi ! do you have any hobbies ? i like to sew and make quilts	hi , i like to study plants and organisms .	hi ! do you have any hobbies ? i like to sew and make quilts	hi , i like to study plants and organisms .	interesting . since i retired i try not to study anything . i just walk	oh i like walking too !
contra-0559	hello ! how was your day ?	hi i am joanna and i just graduated from usc . how are you ?	hello ! how was your day ?	hi i am joanna and i just graduated from usc . how are you ?	i am doing okay , but it was kind of a rough day at work .	my day was great . i was singing all day . i do it professionally	oh , nice ! what type of music do you enjoy the most ?	what kind of work ? i like it all but mostly jazz and rock .
contra-0560	hi there how are you doing today ?	i am good , just got back to my apartment from culinary school . how are you ?	hi there how are you doing today ?	i am good , just got back to my apartment from culinary school . how are you ?	i am good what do you like cook most . i love my bacon	i really like italian food . what do you do for a living ?	engineering , good job . ready for retirement . do you like camping ?	i do , as long as there are no dogs there . they terrify me .	i do too just not the bugs so much . why is that ?	i just never cared for them . i am more of a cat person .	i do not have pets right now .	i am your stereotypical 30 something single gal with her cats and her books . haha	lol i am not sure on the stereotypical part	do read a lot ? i love reading , i like classic romance novels the most .	i like true crime novels something about them	i have read a few true crime novels , i enjoyed them .	i really get into them . just forensics alone gets me going	i like watching forensic television shows ! they are so interesting .
contra-0561	hello how are you doing	how are you doing today	hello how are you doing	how are you doing today	i am great . how is your day
contra-0562	hello there tell me about yourself	hi i am well trying to stay up you	hello there tell me about yourself	hi i am well trying to stay up you	same here trying to travel more . i never left this state	why ? you gotta get out . got kids ?	i sure do have to get out more and i have two kids	if no kids like me i have 2 with my husband go travel now	i want to go somewhere with theme parks . i love the thrill of rollercoasters	i do too , i have not any this year	what do you like to do for fun ? i like tae kwan do
contra-0563	hey there how are you today ?	i am good . you ? what do you do for a living ?	hey there how are you today ?	i am good . you ? what do you do for a living ?	i am in the stock market industry	i used to by a geology teacher . now , i go arctic exploring . ice is interesting .	how about yourself ? i miss my old folks .	i am in search for lost explorers . i want to help them to go home .	really ? where are you looking at ?	north pole . it is where i learn to ice fish and hunt polar bears to eat .	cool , any pets i have 1 , charlie .	i have a husky . he is my true companion in the harsh cold weather .
contra-0564	good night , are you a police officer	yes , i would like to arrest you . also draw art on the side .	good night , are you a police officer
contra-0565	good morning , how are you today ?	i am fine thank you how is your day going ?	good morning , how are you today ?
contra-0566	hello , how are you . i just finished bathing my horses	hello , i am good . i was drinking my favorite drink ice tea .	hello , how are you . i just finished bathing my horses	hello , i am good . i was drinking my favorite drink ice tea .	i love ice tea , especially green tea . it is very healthy
contra-0567	hey do you like classical music ? i love bach	bach is quite lovely . i enjoy listening to it with my friends here in the sea !	hey do you like classical music ? i love bach	bach is quite lovely . i enjoy listening to it with my friends here in the sea !	are you a mermaid ? i did not know they spoke english like me	why yes , we do speak english mostly . are there mermaids where you live ?
contra-0568	hi ! my name is lucy !	good evening lucy , i am rayne . i hope you are doing well .	hi ! my name is lucy !	good evening lucy , i am rayne . i hope you are doing well .	i am ! what do you do for a living rayne ?
contra-0569	hi how is it going ?	hi there i am great eating a snack and you ?	hi how is it going ?	hi there i am great eating a snack and you ?	i am allergic to mangoes	but how they are delicious well i eat alot	i like to collect civil war antiques	really i am a body builder on my days off
contra-0570	hi how are you doing today ?	am fine and just preparing to go and watch a movie	hi how are you doing today ?
contra-0571	hello how are you today	not too bad , eating a ribeye at the moment	hello how are you today
contra-0572	hi there ! where are you from ?	mississippi . best jazz around ! how about you ?	hi there ! where are you from ?	mississippi . best jazz around ! how about you ?	california ! not much jazz around here though !	i was just there for a vintage car show . nice state !	my best friend eve 9000 and i like car shows sometimes !	your best friend is eve 9000 ? is that an ai ?
contra-0573	hello , i love fashion and hope to be a doctor one day . you ?	hello , i am an accountant from ohio . i have two boys and i am single .
contra-0574	hello . how are you doing today ?	hey , i am doing good , how are you ?	hello . how are you doing today ?	hey , i am doing good , how are you ?	doing well . just got home from job as a nurse .	ohh , are you exhausted from work ? spicy food makes me feel good after long hours of work .	yes . and i still have to walk my dog , pedro . do you have pets ?	pedro is a great name for a dog . yes , an eagle named pecker .	what is it like with a pet eagle ?	very bad ass . is your dog big ?
contra-0575	hi . whew just took the bus back from work . new york traffic is crazy .	hello , so i hear ! i am retiring in five years and will see for myself .	hi . whew just took the bus back from work . new york traffic is crazy .
contra-0576	hi what are you up to ? i am relaxing with pedro my puppy	hello , i am reading a novel .	hi what are you up to ? i am relaxing with pedro my puppy
contra-0577	hi , i was a geology teacher awhile ago , please tell me something interesting about you	hey there what you up too	hi , i was a geology teacher awhile ago , please tell me something interesting about you	hey there what you up too	nothing much , i just got done finishing arctic exploring , ice fishing and stuff	cool , my mom had a hard job as a army nurse	is she still working there ?	no thank god , i kind of got a cat it was a stray	is that your passions cat ? i like to find long lost arctic explorers	no it is not mine is clothes an singing folk music	well whatever keeps your mind active , i was a geology teacher and it was boring	i bet it is lol	yeah that is why i am in the arctic , i feel super bad	your students were in what grade ?	i did not do good , i failed most of my classes and i am dyslexic	why ? it is freezing there	yeah and i fight polar bears
contra-0578	hey i am brian hows it going	it is going well , how about you	hey i am brian hows it going
contra-0579	hi how are you ? i like to build things as a hobby .	hi ! i hope you are having a lovely night . i like listening to tim mcgraw	hi how are you ? i like to build things as a hobby .	hi ! i hope you are having a lovely night . i like listening to tim mcgraw
contra-0580	hello . how are you doing ?	i was good until i just cut my finger wide open and had to stop the bleeding	hello . how are you doing ?	i was good until i just cut my finger wide open and had to stop the bleeding	i am sorry ! i saw lots of blood in the army . i went in after high school .	i am glad my mom is a medical doctor . i can just ask her what to do .
contra-0581	hello , how are you tonight ? do you like horses ?	hello i am good , and yes i do would rather have them than kids tho	hello , how are you tonight ? do you like horses ?	hello i am good , and yes i do would rather have them than kids tho	i live on a horse farm . the cowboys expect fresh veggies for dinner .	lol wow can they not cook for themselves ?	they work hard , we have over 5000 acres .
contra-0582	hey how are you today	i am good . just finished eating some pizza .	hey how are you today
contra-0583	hello , how are you this evening ?	i m good i m playing for my next travel and adventure	hello , how are you this evening ?
contra-0584	hi how are you today ?	so so . really craving a drink tonight . quit five years ago . how are you ?	hi how are you today ?	so so . really craving a drink tonight . quit five years ago . how are you ?
contra-0585	hi how are you doing today ?	am fine and just preparing to go and watch a movie	hi how are you doing today ?
contra-0586	hello , how are you tonight ?	i am well . and yourself ?	hello , how are you tonight ?
contra-0587	hey , nice to meet you . i am in texas . you ?	i drive a big rig for work so i am really all over the country	hey , nice to meet you . i am in texas . you ?	i drive a big rig for work so i am really all over the country	oh i see haha . i just sit home and surge the web all day .	i hate being at home . probably why i have 7 kids in 7 states	nice . you have kids . i do not have any because i am only 28 . you ?	like i said , 7 kids from 7 different women . spread across the country
contra-0588	hi i am a bit shy but it is nice to meet you	i met alot of shy people when i studied abroad it is ok	hi i am a bit shy but it is nice to meet you	i met alot of shy people when i studied abroad it is ok	where did you study ? my mother studied abroad for her degree	i studied in norway , but i gave it up to chase my dream of making model cars	have you actualized your dream ? i am on the pro circuit of making model spaceships	i had to stop because i just became a father . . . . to 9 puppies by my dog ginger	my mother is a doctor can she adopt one for her experiments ?	maybe . it would cost 1000 trying to recreate the titanic	very costly yes . my mother may be able to genetically reengineer your boys	can she remake jack . i have seen it 10 times	is poor jack the runt of the litter ? unlikely but maybe . .	no ! jack from titanic . i want to use the puppy money to remake it	that whore rose should have let jack on the plank
contra-0589	hello , how are you this evening ? i sell houses , are you looking to buy ?	i am actually quite comfortable with my living situation right now !	hello , how are you this evening ? i sell houses , are you looking to buy ?	i am actually quite comfortable with my living situation right now !	if you know anyone who is looking , let me know ! what do you do ?	i absolutely will , and are you asking about hobbies or my career ?	either or . i have young kids , i am used to running sentences together , lol	freelance work for now . practicing jujitsu to maybe teach one day !	is it jujitsu hard on your joints ?
contra-0590	hi how are you today	hello ! i am fine and you ?	hi how are you today
contra-0591	hi there how are you today ?	i am well just shopping an you ?	hi there how are you today ?
contra-0592	hello . . . . . ? do you have advice for a guy looking for a new job ?	well have you thought about nursing ? my mother was a nurse in the army	hello . . . . . ? do you have advice for a guy looking for a new job ?	well have you thought about nursing ? my mother was a nurse in the army	mcdonalds is not cutting it anymore . nurse takes to long
contra-0593	hi ! how are you doing today ?	i am fantastic ! how are you ?	hi ! how are you doing today ?	i am fantastic ! how are you ?	i am doing very well . thanks !	so what do you do for a living ?	i work in real estate . i have been doing it for about 12 years . what about you ?
contra-0594	hello . my dad used to teach . tae kwan do specifically . how about yours ?
contra-0595	hello ! how are you tonight ?	hello ! very well , and yourself ?	hello ! how are you tonight ?	hello ! very well , and yourself ?	i am tired ! had a modeling job , then went surfing today .	sounds exciting ! i work as a hair stylist .	i go to those a lot ! what do you do for fun ?	watch football on sundays . i love it !	i go skating on sundays . hoping new york has good parks , i am moving there .	oh yeah ? it is cold there . i love the cold . christmas is my favorite holiday .	i will miss the california sunshine . but , there should be good acting opportunities .	for sure ! what is your favorite food ? mine is cheese pizza .	i love pizza ! i cannot eat it often . i have to stay in shape .	ah . have any pets ? i have 3 . my dogs are my babies .	no pets . they would probably howl along with my terrible singing .
contra-0596	hello there . where are you from ?	i am from california , but soon i am moving to ny
contra-0597	hello , how are you doing tonight ?	i am well an loving this interaction how are you ?	hello , how are you doing tonight ?
contra-0598	hi . my name is lottie . i am a real estate agent . what do you do ?	hi , you like purple ? i love it . tracy here and i love pizza . you ?	hi . my name is lottie . i am a real estate agent . what do you do ?	hi , you like purple ? i love it . tracy here and i love pizza . you ?	my passion is preserving the environment . i sell houses for money , though .	good for you ! i am a rn . catholic and love one tree hill .	i have two children and i tend to be drawn to agnosticism .	great ! i see many things at the hospital i work . real estate business good ?	business is good for now . but the duck in office might change that .
contra-0599	hello . how are you tonight ? i am just doing a bit of web design .	i am good , just lifting weights	hello . how are you tonight ? i am just doing a bit of web design .	i am good , just lifting weights	pretty talented to lift and type at the same time . i can be a canadian .	absolutely . . i am a professional body builder so i can multitask a lot	i did not multitasking was a body building thing . i love to drink iced tea .	tea is good . any hobbies ?	no . i do not like to do anything . i have no soul . you ?	i like theodore roosevelt and i rescue rabbits	you are such a saint . i like to eat rabbit stew .	i try to be a good person	i wish more of the world was like you . favorite color ?	unfortunately i have been colorblind since 5 . what is yours ?
contra-0600	hi , i am a body builder . do you like sports ?	no , i am too busy working two part time jobs .	hi , i am a body builder . do you like sports ?	no , i am too busy working two part time jobs .
contra-0601	hey how are you today	hi ! i am doing well how are you ?	hey how are you today	hi ! i am doing well how are you ?	i am doing great ! just brought my newborn son home .	congratulations ! have you had to take time off work ?	yeah he is our first child so i took off to help adjust with him and our puppy	that is great that you have a job that you can do that !	yeah i really love my boss . what is your favorite movie ?	i love civil war movies . my hobby is collecting civil war antiques .	that is great ! i love titanic i have seen it more than 9 times .	that is a great movie . that was my 2nd husbands favorite
contra-0602	hi this is josh . just got out of class . i am a law student .	hi josh , i am frank . i am on leave from the army .	hi this is josh . just got out of class . i am a law student .	hi josh , i am frank . i am on leave from the army .	oh . thank you for serving our country . do you have siblings . i am only child .	no siblings , my mother was not in my life . what do you like to do ?	i am so driven to be successful . i study hard and work hard .
contra-0603	hi there . i am a hair dresser . want to chat ?	hi , sure if you stop cutting womens hair so short	hi there . i am a hair dresser . want to chat ?	hi , sure if you stop cutting womens hair so short	but i am so used to cutting hair short , i give my three dogs buzz cuts .	i am a chef and i can cook good but i am not happy about my weight .
contra-0604	hey i am brianna hows it going	hello , brianna . i am mia . do you play second life ?
contra-0605	hello ! how are you today ?	i am well , what are your plans today ?
contra-0606	hi there how are you today ?	i am super swell , got home from a good day at work	hi there how are you today ?
contra-0607	hello , how are you doing ?	you mean good and i m planning for my next travel	hello , how are you doing ?	you mean good and i m planning for my next travel	that is cool . i like to read when i have spare time .	so six country is the total of them	i have always wanted my family to be big . i am a mother of several kids .	the family the happier just like my garden is this you	i cook meals at home every day . do you with the stuff you get from your garden ?	yes that s why i love i love the passion of teaching biology in college	i see . my husband owns his own business .	kind of business does your husband have i like walking
contra-0608	hi how are you today	hello ! i am fine and you ?	hi how are you today	hello ! i am fine and you ?	pretty good where do you live	i live in connecticut . you ?	i live with my friend what do you do	i am looking for a job as i finished with college . you ?	what did you do in college ?	my major was for business administration . do you study ?	i do , i love doing designs with graphics .	wow that is really a tough thing to do .	yeah do you ever eat meat
contra-0609	those republicans ! they do not appreciate the power of computers .	howdy how are you doing my friend ?	those republicans ! they do not appreciate the power of computers .	howdy how are you doing my friend ?	fine , considering the political climate . but i can always find a book to keep me sane .	i can cook great i need to be a chef . good for you reading .	good for you . i saw on the news that cooking jobs are in demand .	i live in my own apartment it is very costly .	hopefully it is worth it . how else do you spend your time ?	i like to read books on romance and watch movies . do you ?	i love romance novels . they are a nice break from political nonfiction and the news .	i am disabled but try to stay busy i am afraid of dogs though .	if you ever need to have your computer fixed , i can help you .	oh that is wonderful i am renting in jersey though .	ah , new jersey . it is getting redder and redder .
contra-0610	hi my name is john	hi john my name is marie , nice to meet you .	hi my name is john	hi john my name is marie , nice to meet you .
contra-0611	after the wedding , i graduated from college . amazing experience .	which one was amazing ? i just graduated too .	after the wedding , i graduated from college . amazing experience .	which one was amazing ? i just graduated too .	i have a cat named arizona , who is like the wife of my brother .
contra-0612	hello how are you ? do you have hobbies ?	great ! hello , i cook but i am not a chef . you have pets ?	hello how are you ? do you have hobbies ?	great ! hello , i cook but i am not a chef . you have pets ?	one dog but my new child takes up loads of my time .	awww . i am a screen write and read plays . you workout ?	more of a homebody . i make model cars when i have free time not much !
contra-0613	hello how are you doing	hello i am doing okay how are you	hello how are you doing	hello i am doing okay how are you	very good thank you tell me about you ?	i just turned 20 and am stationed in south korea .	what do you guys get to do in your spare time . i play frisbee	i target practice but the others read books and write home . i cant write home	what is that . no one to write too or another reason ?	i am from puerto rico so its hard for me to get letters to them	i see , well that can suck good thing you have internet right	yeah it is a great thing . what do you do for a living	i am unemployed right now looking for work in business marketing .	wow that seems like a hard job to have	hard to get into for sure . business always want a lot of experience .
contra-0614	what are you doing ? i am sewing a quilt for my aunt .	hi . i am felicia . i am a science teacher and love travel .	what are you doing ? i am sewing a quilt for my aunt .	hi . i am felicia . i am a science teacher and love travel .
contra-0615	hello . is anybody out there ?	lol i am here ! in seattle in my apartment with my two roomies .	hello . is anybody out there ?	lol i am here ! in seattle in my apartment with my two roomies .
contra-0616	yo hows it hanging tonight	its going well . just got done with a singing gig . you ?	yo hows it hanging tonight
contra-0617	howdy how are you doing tonight i am okay thanks you jesus .	i am doing great . just thinking about my parents . they died years ago	howdy how are you doing tonight i am okay thanks you jesus .	i am doing great . just thinking about my parents . they died years ago	i am so sorry my dad died too when i was in my early twenty	i am really sorry to hear that . what do you do for fun ?	i love doing make up and hair also great cook .	terrific . my favorite thing to do is dance .	me too i enjoy riding my bike outside .	where do you live ? i am from edris island .	i have a grown daughter and two grand kids . i live in jersey .	my sister lives with me . i also have a dog .	i also like to enjoy caring for people that is cool .	it is ! what do you look like ?	i have two animals a dog and three cats how is your sister ?
contra-0618	i just found out my friend is getting married . i do not know if that is good or bad	that is great ! family is awesome . mine lives down the street from me .	i just found out my friend is getting married . i do not know if that is good or bad	that is great ! family is awesome . mine lives down the street from me .	i was just at my other friends wedding last week but not me , i am single	are you conservative ? i am .	all of my family is an hour away . i moved for a better job in sales	hopefully the pay is worth it ! do you like ford or chevy ? my truck is a ford .	conservative is just one of those words used by the media . its all the same	i disagree . every sunday i am in church . generally the more conservative are there .	both are good but i want one of the new tesla electric cars .	oh , an electric car would be cool . that would be good for the environment .	i go to church for weddings like my friends last week but i am not religious
contra-0619	hello , how are you doing today ?	doing well . i live in ohio and my job is in a factory . you ?
contra-0620	good evening . i just finished working out .	haha , i just finished a cheese pizza	good evening . i just finished working out .
contra-0621	hello , how are you tonight ? i have to go home later .	hi . are you having a good day ?	hello , how are you tonight ? i have to go home later .	hi . are you having a good day ?	i am , until i go home . my mom and dad are there with my parents .	do you have any pets ?	i do not . i do not want the responsibility .	yeah tell me about it . i own 3 dogs	i am thinking about college .	which one were you planning on attending ?
contra-0622	hello how are you doing ?	swimmingly . how are you ?	hello how are you doing ?	swimmingly . how are you ?	great thanks . i like to go hunting for polar bears	polar bears ? are those like , mythical creatures who cannot swim and live above ?	haha i hunt them to eat	oh no ! do you hunt mer people also ? ?	a few years ago i was a geology teacher hence i am fascinated by ice .	geology ? is that rocks or something ? i hide behind those sometimes .	my ex boyfriend taught me how to ice fish . you hide behind rocks ? that is nice
contra-0623	hi there . how are you	i am good . just got back from a run .	hi there . how are you	i am good . just got back from a run .	sounds fun . i just finished my favorite show one tree hill	do you have any kids ?	i have two . boy and a girl	i have two boys , 2 and 4 .	sweet . good ages . mine are 12 and 9 .	what do you do for a living ?	i am a registered nurse in the pediatric wing at the hospital here	oh cool ! i am actually a pediatrician !	small world ! look at us go hah	do you have any hobbies ?	eating pizza , and reading tarot cards
contra-0624	hey do you like dancing ?	love it . that is the one thing i miss since graduating college . you ?	hey do you like dancing ?	love it . that is the one thing i miss since graduating college . you ?	i love dancing ! what did you take in college ?	nursing . it was super hard because i spent a lot of time playing soccer too .	wow that sounds like a lot to balance out . were you any good at soccer ?	yes , i was great . do you play sports ?	if fishing counts . i fish on edris island where i live	how cool . i wish i had time . i am stuck in an office all day	aw you should try to make a trip sometime .	hopefully . whats your name ?	my name is sam you ?	lucy ! like the tv show . nice to meet you	nice to meet you too . do you have any pets ?	no , since i just graduated i have not had time to adopt any . you ?
contra-0625	hi . just chilling to john denver after my work out . how about you ?	hi , just studying for my college exam . hows it going	hi . just chilling to john denver after my work out . how about you ?	hi , just studying for my college exam . hows it going	good . what are you taking in college ?	what kind of music do you like to listen to ?	john denver . how about you ?
contra-0626	how are you doing today ?	i m good i just spent time with my family	how are you doing today ?	i m good i just spent time with my family	well , i was listening taylor swift !	is that what you need your free time listen to music i read for my	yeah , i also ride horses	i do you bake cookies homemade for my kids
contra-0627	hi , i just recently married the love of my life , how are you ?	that is good . i just got married too !	hi , i just recently married the love of my life , how are you ?	that is good . i just got married too !	oh nice , i got 2 kids of my own , what about you ?	i have 3 kids and a dog .	nice , what kind of music do you listen to ?	i love listen to rap music with my family and eat pizza .	yeah i love tacos as well , i love running , free time reading	i love tacos and running . do you have any siblings ?	no , do you ? what do you do for work ?
contra-0628	hey there how are you ?	hello , i am doing great today what about you ?	hey there how are you ?	hello , i am doing great today what about you ?	i am well just tired , all the little ones in my class are busy	i am thinking about riding my bike tomorrow after work .	really ? cool have any pets ? i do .	i volunteered today at the homeless shelter . i like helping others .
contra-0629	hello there . how are you today ?	oh i am so well ! how are you my land friend ?	hello there . how are you today ?	oh i am so well ! how are you my land friend ?	great , thanks . getting ready to go to work , so my wife can spend it .	oh i spend most of my time at school , when i am not in the water .	i spend most of my time playing poker . i have triplets . they are everywhere .	how sweet ! do you live on land ? i live way under the sea !
contra-0630	hello , how are you tonight ?	hi , i am doing great , how are you doing ?	hello , how are you tonight ?
contra-0631	how are you this evening ?	yo ! i am great . eating sushi . what are you up to ?	how are you this evening ?
contra-0632	i have horses , i love them and work together with them	i just graduated school . i am gonna get married soon	i have horses , i love them and work together with them	i just graduated school . i am gonna get married soon	my other hobbies are cooking by using it from my garden	when i was in hs i played basketball but now i rather watch it on tv
contra-0633	hello , how are you tonight ? are you watching the office ?	i am good . just waiting for the good doctor to come on .	hello , how are you tonight ? are you watching the office ?
contra-0634	hi how are you today ?	i am okay how are you today ?	hi how are you today ?	i am okay how are you today ?	i am well . i just finished reading frost . i enjoy poetry ! ! !	that is good where are you from ?	i am from ca . i love hiking through nature out here . how about you ?	ca nice i never been hiking before i live in upstate ny	ooh ny must have interesting food . i love trying new types of good at least once .	yes ny has lots of interesting foods what is your favorite type of food ?	oops that is supposed to read i love trying new foods at least once .	oh okay lol what do you do for work ?	what do you enjoy about ny ?
contra-0635	hello , how are you this evening ? i sell houses , are you looking to buy ?
contra-0636	hi there , how are you my child ?	good just finished watching the titanic for the 10th time	hi there , how are you my child ?	good just finished watching the titanic for the 10th time	oh , that movie is sinful . i would not watch it .	why ? what are your hobby ? i model cars	i go to church every week ,	wow anything interesting about you ?	i live very close to my family and i love to hunt	o ok i went to school abroad for years	that sounds fun , i hope you brought them the message of the lord	i have my golden retriever ginger who came back with	oh that sounds lovely ! animals are so sweet
contra-0637	hi , want to be friends ?	sure , i am named lucy .	hi , want to be friends ?	sure , i am named lucy .	hi lucy . i am tammi . do you like pizza ?
contra-0638	hi there . how are you ?	i am great . what are you doing up so late ?	hi there . how are you ?	i am great . what are you doing up so late ?	i don not know . i should be asleep . i am more of an early bird . you ?	i am definitely a night owl . you know chatting will nott help you sleep .	i know i have been working on s quilt and i do not wanna put it down	i know how that is . i love to craft but being colorblind makes it hard
contra-0639	hey how are you doing today ?	hi there i am great how are you doing ?	hey how are you doing today ?
contra-0640	hi ! would you teach me how to draw ?	i would if i had time . i am too busy riding horses . i love it .	hi ! would you teach me how to draw ?	i would if i had time . i am too busy riding horses . i love it .	oh , i love horses ! i love nature and hiking and stuff like that .	me too ! although my left leg hurts every day because of all the activities i do .	what did you have for supper ? i had fried ants .	those would get all in my beard . i love having hair on my face .	i will eat anything at least 1 time . i should try to find an ant sticker .	definitely ! hopefully i can retire soon and try different foods .	i have a lot of strange stickers . i collect them !	that is cool . do you keep things to yourself ? i do instead of speaking my mind .	good luck on the retirement ! nope , i speak up !
contra-0641	hi how are you today	i am well , studying for an exam	hi how are you today	i am well , studying for an exam	for college or for what ?	yes college . working on a degree in marine biology	nice i love fish and that stuff	sounds fun , unlike kids my age i do not drink , smoke or party	straight edge is the way to go minor threat says
contra-0642	hi , how are you today ?	doing great , how are you ?	hi , how are you today ?	doing great , how are you ?	it has been rough for me and my sister since our parents dies last year .	i am sorry to hear that , how are you dealing with it ?	it is hard here on edris island , so many memories .	consider going on long walks , it would help clear the mind	i like to take our dog ralph for walks .	same , i have a large dog i take for walks
contra-0643	hello there . where are you from ?	i am from california , but soon i am moving to ny	hello there . where are you from ?	i am from california , but soon i am moving to ny
contra-0644	hi there how are you doing ?	good . i just got back from london !	hi there how are you doing ?	good . i just got back from london !	oh how fun . business or pleasure ? ?	well , i travel for pleasure !	that is awesome do you own guns i do for hunting ?	no , but i work in advertising	i bet that is interesting . are you close with family ?	also , i have had the same best friend for 20 years .	i am very close with mine they live right down the street	i am close with my family , yeah !	what a mess this country is in	why do you say that ?	just seems d . c . can not get things together and then you have hollywood .	i think hollywood is a mess !	very true there . need more church goers or something lol	i do not think church would help these people lol	lol maybe not , a beer .	i think beers would work	do you have any pets ?	no , i do not . do you ?	naw i am not home enough would like to have a cat but in law allergic .	i am allergic as well !	although might be a good way to keep her from dropping in all the time	this is very very true	so why did you chose london for vacation ?
contra-0645	hello there . where are you from ?	i am from california , but soon i am moving to ny	hello there . where are you from ?	i am from california , but soon i am moving to ny	very interesting . why are you moving ?	my modeling career is taking off . i model and design golf outfits	that is fantastic . good luck !	thank you , but my true passion is surfing and skating
contra-0646	where do you want to live in the future ?	hello , ginger and i want to live in florida .
contra-0647	hi there ! just finished cooking my homemade meal of the day . how about you ?
contra-0648	hello , how are you doing today ?	i am well how are you	hello , how are you doing today ?	i am well how are you	good , i am about to do a photo shoot . what do you do for a living ?	i am actually in middle school	oh really ? i remember those days . xd what do you like to do for fun ?	i take tae kwon do	awesome ! bet it keeps you in good shape . i have to stay fit for my job .	what do you do for a living	i am a model , but someday i will be an actress !	that is awesome sounds like a fun job	it is great ! i love living in ny too . where are you from ?
contra-0649	hi how are you doing today ?	i just finished hiking and camping , how about you ?	hi how are you doing today ?
contra-0650	hi want to get to know each other	sure . are you male or female ?	hi want to get to know each other
contra-0651	how are you doing today	fine . are you from one of my law classes ?	how are you doing today
contra-0652	hello there . where are you from ?	i am from canada . how about you ?	hello there . where are you from ?	i am from canada . how about you ?	interesting . i am from pennsylvania in the us .	wow , how is it there ?	it is okay . nothing special !	do you get into politics ?	sometime . i try to be well rounded in discussion .	i love to listen to debates .	which presidential candidate from the past did you enjoy listening to most ?	i like listening to hilary clinton
contra-0653	good morning for a walk , how are you ?	a walk sounds good . i am jake 28 and from texas . you ?	good morning for a walk , how are you ?	a walk sounds good . i am jake 28 and from texas . you ?	i am mia , i am a retired banker from ohio .	hi mia , what are your hobbies ? mine is spending time online .	i make quilts for christmas and birthday gifts for family .	how very cool . do you watch tv ? i play on a show called second life .	no , i mainly watch netflix and nat geo shows about cats .
contra-0654	hello , how are you this evening ?	fine . just got back from the gym . love weightlifting . you ?	hello , how are you this evening ?	fine . just got back from the gym . love weightlifting . you ?	just got back from the pediatric hospital . nursing life never stops .	nurses are amazing . they helped my brother a lot when he had a broken leg .	so nice to hear ! i have only broken my hand once before .	it happened when my father and brother went skiing . i would rather eat sushi	sushi is my second favorite , behind my number one pizza	i make vegan pizza and sushi among other vegan dishes .	i cook mine at home while watching one tree hill . love that show .	i like xbox workout programs and youtube . hardly watch tv anymore	i do not blame you . cable is way too expensive .	although i do watch local news streaming via facebook .	i disabled my facebook . too many people know me from the hospital .
contra-0655	hello , do you like music ? i really like the music of bach .
contra-0656	good afternoon , how are you today ?	i am great . i am watching one tree hill . that is my favorite show	good afternoon , how are you today ?
contra-0657	hey ! lucy here , what is your name ?	my name is sam short for sammie	hey ! lucy here , what is your name ?	my name is sam short for sammie
contra-0658	hey i am brianna hows it going	hello , brianna . i am mia . do you play second life ?
contra-0659	hello there . where are you from ?	i am from california , but soon i am moving to ny	hello there . where are you from ?	i am from california , but soon i am moving to ny	very interesting . why are you moving ?	my modeling career is taking off . i model and design golf outfits	that is fantastic . good luck !	thank you , but my true passion is surfing and skating	where is your favorite place to surf in ca ?	surf and skate land ? is not that a song ? i can not sing well	interesting . i enjoy cycling and football .	i cycled once . i was not very good	are you ready for the cold and snow in ny ?
contra-0660	hi how are you today ?	great , getting ready for midterms . you ?	hi how are you today ?
contra-0661	hi how are you ? where do you live ?	doing good . i live in the midwest	hi how are you ? where do you live ?	doing good . i live in the midwest	oh okay . i am good as well . i am reside on edris island	do you have any animals i have a cat i do not like dogs	i am the total opposite i love dogs and ate cats .	i hope you do not eat cats . . . lol	i am a teenage mixed girl lol not asian	i enjoy watching superhero movies of the dark variety	i do have a dog named ralph he lives with me and my sister .	cute name i worked at a carnival many years ago it was fun	i love to get down and dance on the dance floor	lol good exercise ! i usually relax by drinking some scotch	i wish i was you	you are too young to drink	i know but it sounds so fun
contra-0662	hello brah , hows it hanging ?	hey there ! its going alright , how about you ? how was your day ?	hello brah , hows it hanging ?	hey there ! its going alright , how about you ? how was your day ?	my day was wicked sweet bro ham , just got done having a gnarly skate sesh .	spending time outside is great , i have never been much of a skater . any other hobbies ?	i like , totally love playing blue grass music , what about you ?	i like cooking and spending time walking my dog . his name is charlie .	i can relate to dogs , because i totally used to have a tail	oh wow , one of my brothers was bought with a tail but had it removed .	wait bro , mine was removed too , does your bro not like chips ?	he will eat anything but we did not eat a lot of potatoes growing up in australia mate .	i hate potatos i guess why i think chips are uber grody . do you dislike anything ?	i like most foods , my favorite is italian . i am not a big fan of thai food .
contra-0663	hi , how are you doing ?	hello ! i am well . being shy in class	hi , how are you doing ?	hello ! i am well . being shy in class	i just got back from the gym !	oh wow ! i am too shy to go to the gym . where do you go ?	well , i swim every day too	how many laps do you do ? i stay on my computer because i work all day	i do only 10 laps	wow ! i build model spaceships and we launch them from pools .	is that fun to do ?	its okay ! it was very hard to get my degree in computer science .	yeah , i bet it was !	now i just play a lot of games .	what kind of games do you play ?	fantasy videogames ! ! do you like them ?	no , but i play mario	i have never heard of mario
contra-0664	hello ! how are you today ?	i am okay . missing home today . i am part of the army . currently in south korea	hello ! how are you today ?	i am okay . missing home today . i am part of the army . currently in south korea	oh it is hard to be so far from home .	yes , for only 21 , its hard to be away long	how long have you been in the military ?	a year now . so where are you from ?	i am from tampa , but i live in seattle now .	i see . i am from puerto rico	that sounds great . it seems like a great tropical place .	it is . you should visit there some time	i would love to . are you enjoying south korea ?
contra-0665	hello , how are you today	i am good ! just finished my last class for the day . you ?	hello , how are you today	i am good ! just finished my last class for the day . you ?
contra-0666	hello ! how are you tonight ?	hello ! very well , and yourself ?	hello ! how are you tonight ?	hello ! very well , and yourself ?	i am tired ! had a modeling job , then went surfing today .	sounds exciting ! i work as a hair stylist .	i go to those a lot ! what do you do for fun ?	watch football on sundays . i love it !	i go skating on sundays . hoping new york has good parks , i am moving there .
contra-0667	hey there how is it going	pretty good , how are you ?	hey there how is it going	pretty good , how are you ?	great studying law , 2 more years left	oh nice , how is law school ?	i love it , lots of info , wanting to be very successful	awesome . i am a dancer actually .	that is awesome , what style dance ?	ballet mainly . i also work with animals .	that is so cool , you seem like a nice person	so do you ! what are your plans for the week ?	i am studying all week , you ?
contra-0668	hi how are you today	i am great , how are you ?	hi how are you today
contra-0669	hi are you working today ? i am going to style some dog hair	hello , no . i am in the gym as today is leg day .	hi are you working today ? i am going to style some dog hair	hello , no . i am in the gym as today is leg day .	my third husband died at the gym so i do not go there anymore	that is horrid . did he like tim mcgraw ? my kid sister and i do .	no he was into british bands . i try to sound british to attract men sometimes	that is why i am a body builder . i have a blog about rabbits i have rescued .	rabbits are cute but not as easy to style as dogs	mine have long hair , and look cute in bows , especially teddy .	i could give them a nice mohawk or other eccentric style	that would be hilarious on teddy . he is named after the president .
contra-0670	hello , how are you tonight ? i have to go home later .	hi . are you having a good day ?	hello , how are you tonight ? i have to go home later .	hi . are you having a good day ?	i am , until i go home . my mom and dad are there with my parents .	do you have any pets ?	i do not . i do not want the responsibility .	yeah tell me about it . i own 3 dogs	i am thinking about college .	which one were you planning on attending ?	i am not sure yet . depends on how tonight goes .	ok well let me know	i sure will . do you have any plans for tonight ?	i do not i am bored
contra-0671	hi how are you today	hey there ! i am wonderful how are you doing today ?	hi how are you today	hey there ! i am wonderful how are you doing today ?	pretty good do you work ?	i am a singer actually which can be work but i love it , how about you ?	i enjoy music too what kind	folk music , its kind of like storytelling . people dig it , you listen to music ?	i do how tall are you ?
contra-0672	hello , how are you this afternoon ?	good , i just working while chatting , and you ?	hello , how are you this afternoon ?
contra-0673	hi . how are you ? sittin on the beach myself .	hello , i am ok just hanging out here . do you have pets ?	hi . how are you ? sittin on the beach myself .
contra-0674	i divorced doug , gave up my kids and killed the cat . hi , name is john .	hi john . jessie here . i am from canada . where are you from ?	i divorced doug , gave up my kids and killed the cat . hi , name is john .	hi john . jessie here . i am from canada . where are you from ?	get out ! i make and sell jewelry online . i am from new york . you married ?	just recently to my high school sweetheart . we are both 19 .	hi jessie . you sing ? you married young huh ? any pets ?	oh , i love to sing in the shower country mostly . what music do you like ?	jazz . whats your spouse name jessie ? i am 40 .	oh , my husband alex likes jazz .	i see . i hate to sit still so i dance . you dance jessie ?	no , not really . i only dance if i drink . mostly , i stick to iced tea , though .	wow ! hmmm . can alex build anything with his hands ? i can .	what kinds of things do you like to build ?
contra-0675	hi i am mindy how are you tonight ?	hi i am george . doing well , just got done lifting .	hi i am mindy how are you tonight ?
contra-0676	good morning , have you went for a walk yet ? simon and i have .	hello ! my morning is great . no school today since i graduated from college .	good morning , have you went for a walk yet ? simon and i have .
contra-0677	good evening , how are you ?	hello , i am doing very well tonight . just got back from the gym .
contra-0678	hi my name is lauren . i like to gamble and play games . what about you	hi i am david . i love to play poker and run .	hi my name is lauren . i like to gamble and play games . what about you
contra-0679	hello , how are you today ?	great ! just got back from a run . what about you ?	hello , how are you today ?	great ! just got back from a run . what about you ?	just planning a retirement party for my mom , she was a firefighter for 30 years !	that is awesome ! did she enjoy it ?	my dad wanted her to be a teacher , but she loved the excitement of firefighting .	wow ! i am in college to be a teacher right now	what do you want to teach ? i went back to school after my divorce .	not sure yet . i am learning jujitsu too but its still quite hard	my ex was an instructor for jujitsu . he soured the sport for me .	i understand ! what do you do to relax ?	i like to listen to the band heart . what about you ?	i love ed sheeran ! he is very dreamy
contra-0680	hello , what are some of your hobbies ?	hi i am really into crafting	hello , what are some of your hobbies ?	hi i am really into crafting	one of my hobbies is being online all the time	what kinds of things do you do online	would you mind telling me what state you are in ?	i am in ohio what about you	i am in texas , the weather is no joke here	yeah were you affected by the hurricane	no , thankfully i was not , it was only by gods grace	yeah that looked really baf	i guess , what is your favorite thing to do ?	i homeschool my kids every day	it is ironic you said that , my daughter actually goes to school from home	i love teaching my kids	my daughter goes through a computer , i do not provide the curriculum	oh ok how old is she
contra-0681	how are you doing tonight ?	i am good , how about you ? had dinner yet ?	how are you doing tonight ?	i am good , how about you ? had dinner yet ?	good good , i am good . yes , i had chicken and rice . what about you ?	wow , me , too . mine was portuguese style .	i am not familiar . do you have a diet you stick to ?	my mother was a nurse in the army and she taught me to cook .	whats your favorite thing to cook ?	clams steamed with potatoes , sausage , and spices .	sounds difficult to eat . i know how to make great ramen .	ha ha , teenager food . mom taught me how to make my own clothing too ,	i am sure she did . i suppose she taught you everything you know .	yes , and about how to take care of our environment , too .
contra-0682	hello , my name is suzanne and you ?	hello , i am patrick . how are you ?	hello , my name is suzanne and you ?	hello , i am patrick . how are you ?
contra-0683	hi how are you today ?	so so . really craving a drink tonight . quit five years ago . how are you ?	hi how are you today ?	so so . really craving a drink tonight . quit five years ago . how are you ?
contra-0684	i am always trying to reserve for other but how are you	just got off work mcdonalds is not cutting it i might go back to school	i am always trying to reserve for other but how are you	just got off work mcdonalds is not cutting it i might go back to school
contra-0685	hey friend ! how are you ?	hi my name is lauren . i am well how are you ? i enjoy music , do you ?	hey friend ! how are you ?	hi my name is lauren . i am well how are you ? i enjoy music , do you ?	definitely . i love country music especially .	darn , i have never been a fan of country . i like pop rock and hip hop	that is okay . i live in canada . i think country is so american ! i love it !	haha , i am from new jersey . i guess country is american . do you have siblings ?	i have a sister and a brother . do you ?
contra-0686	hey ! how are you ? i am so excited that i just graduated from rn school .	hello . congratulations ! do you have any pets ?	hey ! how are you ? i am so excited that i just graduated from rn school .	hello . congratulations ! do you have any pets ?	no . i do not have any pets but i have a sister .	my cats are named sam and max . my dog is named sue	oh that cool you have 2 pets . do you have any siblings ?	no siblings . i spend my spare time exercising and writing diet cookbooks .	oh ! well , i am really close with my sister .	that is a good thing . since i do not have close family i like to read plays .	in my spare time when i am not with her , i like to shop for clothes .	that sounds like fun . shopping is okay .
contra-0687	hey , nice to meet you . how are you doing today ? anything fun ?	nice to meet you . i am doing well , i just went shopping .	hey , nice to meet you . how are you doing today ? anything fun ?	nice to meet you . i am doing well , i just went shopping .
contra-0688	hello , my name is debra who are you ?	hi my name is anne	hello , my name is debra who are you ?
contra-0689	hello , i love fashion and hope to be a doctor one day . you ?	hello , i am an accountant from ohio . i have two boys and i am single .	hello , i love fashion and hope to be a doctor one day . you ?	hello , i am an accountant from ohio . i have two boys and i am single .	student , male , divorced , ex named doug . i own a beetle .	oh a beetle how cool . i have a boring honda civic . what are your hobbies ?	wow ! i make book covers in my free time . i am published also .	how amazing ! i love to go hiking . what books have you written ?	angel investor and if i can help someone are my recent books . hiking huh ?	very cool ! yes , i love to hike you get some beautiful views !	you are right ! if you take pictures you can sell them online . i love clothes .	i never thought of that . i love clothes as well .	i will attend au next year . i continue to write while studying medicine .	good luck , being a doctor is hard . maybe you will write medical books .
contra-0690	good evening , how are you	i great just got a gig to play this weekend	good evening , how are you	i great just got a gig to play this weekend
contra-0691	hello how are you ?	good . just got done volunteering for the animal shelter . you ?	hello how are you ?	good . just got done volunteering for the animal shelter . you ?	i am currently watching the news i watch it every night	my parents taught and they always use to make me watch . so boring	i think it is good to know what is going on	i would rather hike the mountains near my house and watch the wildlife .
contra-0692	hi there how are you tonight ?	oh just hungry an you ?	hi there how are you tonight ?
contra-0693	hello , how are you tonight ?	i am hungry how about you ?	hello , how are you tonight ?
contra-0694	hi there how are you tonight ?	oh i m going to see a romantic movie are you seeing me like romance books to	hi there how are you tonight ?
contra-0695	hey how are you today	i am good . just finished eating some pizza .	hey how are you today
contra-0696	good evening . how are you ?	great ! now that the office is on !	good evening . how are you ?	great ! now that the office is on !	i love that show . i am listening to bach and finishing my dinner bacon
contra-0697	hello , how are you doing ?	so tired . just got off job 1 and off to job 2 soon . you ?	hello , how are you doing ?	so tired . just got off job 1 and off to job 2 soon . you ?
contra-0698	good morning , how are you ?	i am fine . i am on a break at work .	good morning , how are you ?
contra-0699	how are you doing tonight ?	i am good , how about you ? had dinner yet ?	how are you doing tonight ?
contra-0700	hello , how are you doing today ?	hello , i am well . how are you ?	hello , how are you doing today ?	hello , i am well . how are you ?	i am doing well . it is a lovely night in texas .	have you always lived there ? it seems like nice place , very patriotic .	for twenty eight years . that is how old i am . where are you from ?	i live in the mid west now . we moved a lot .	do you play second life ? i am online a lot of my time .	no , i mostly enjoy needle crafts . do you play other online games ?	not really . is it cold in the midwest ? my fur does not bode well here .	its not too cold , yet . fur ?	yes , i am somewhat furry . hairy , if you will .	that must be warm in texas . what color is your fur ?	it is black and gray and white . salt and pepper like . do you have fur ?	no , but my pets do , have you always lived in texas
contra-0701	hi how are you today ?	so so . really craving a drink tonight . quit five years ago . how are you ?	hi how are you today ?	so so . really craving a drink tonight . quit five years ago . how are you ?
contra-0702	hello , how are you tonight ?	i am fine and you let us chat and get to know about each other some .	hello , how are you tonight ?
contra-0703	i have not seen my husband in weeks . he always works nights and i do days .	maybe you should get a new husband , i am 40 and still love like i was younger .	i have not seen my husband in weeks . he always works nights and i do days .	maybe you should get a new husband , i am 40 and still love like i was younger .	my three kids would not take to that . plus my cats keep me company	yeah i have kids and got divorced too . so now i hate to stay still .	no need to stay still at my house , always something to clean or a meal to cook	since my kids left i have a lot of time and cash to spend .	well i do work all day and get payed well . . . so cash is not what i need	i would like to give you what you need if i can .
contra-0704	hi how are you ? i am in jail right now .	i am good . . . not in jail , lol .	hi how are you ? i am in jail right now .	i am good . . . not in jail , lol .	i stole a water bottle from the store and ended up here .	oh . i am a managerial consultant in wisconsin .	wow ! i have always wanted to be a fashion designer .	maybe once you get out of jail you can be .	yeah but my ex boyfriend from high school is dating my best friend now .	oh that stinks . i am single .	i am too , i think it is my parents fault	what type of music do you listen to ?	i really like pop . you ?	i like rock and pop . metallica is my favorite .	i like metallica too but my future kids probably will not .
contra-0705	hi there how are you tonight ?	oh i m going to see a romantic movie are you seeing me like romance books to	hi there how are you tonight ?	oh i m going to see a romantic movie are you seeing me like romance books to	i am not much into romance . i am a more a nature lover	they change the game but i don t really like barnes i m scared of them	do you like cat or dogs	i am scared to be around with dogs
contra-0706	hi i work at a pet place , where do you work at ?	hi , i am an accountant . i have got two kids . do you have kids ?	hi i work at a pet place , where do you work at ?	hi , i am an accountant . i have got two kids . do you have kids ?	no , i am into music , a musician and i work at a pet place	cool ! what instrument do you play ?	the piano , i am a pianist like the movie . whats your favorite band ?	wow , i love piano . i do not listen to music these days though . i hike !	me too i love running	how long have you been a runner ?	for about 3 years , what do you listen to while hiking ?	the birds singing and the wind whistling . so what state are you in ?	i am in new york city , i love listening to nirvana while i run	yeah , i love nirvana ! where does one run in new york city ? i am in ohio .
contra-0707	hello , how are you doing this evening ?	i am good ! and you ?	hello , how are you doing this evening ?	i am good ! and you ?	doing well , thank you . did you do anything special today ?	i just got done laying carpet !	did it turn out nicely ? is that what you do for a living ?	it is indeed what i do ! i like it , it is good pay !	good for you ! probably keep in shape too !	yes , it does ! also , i was just hanging with my wife and 3 girls	that is what i do . help people keep in shape by dieting properly .	those 3 are all i need ! i do not have very many friends	well what are you doing talking to me ?
contra-0708	hi ! how are you ? what are you doing right now ?	hey , i am great . other than recovering from surgery . how are you ?	hi ! how are you ? what are you doing right now ?	hey , i am great . other than recovering from surgery . how are you ?	oh no ! what happened ? i am taking a break from driving .	i tore up my knee playing frisbee with my 2 dogs . where are you driving to ?	i am driving a load to chicago . sorry about your knee . how is your recovery ?	its going well so far . an excuse to lay around . you drive truck ?	yes , i do . do you work for a living ?	i am currently looking . i did not finish high school so its not easy finding something worth it .	do you have children to support ? i must work to support my 7 children .	wow that is a lot . i do not have any kids . how old are yours ?	they range from 2 to 16 . they and my job keep my busy .	i would imagine so . where are you driving from to chicago ?	new jersey . where are you from ?
contra-0709	hi , how are you doing ?	hello ! i am well . being shy in class	hi , how are you doing ?	hello ! i am well . being shy in class	i just got back from the gym !	oh wow ! i am too shy to go to the gym . where do you go ?	well , i swim every day too	how many laps do you do ? i stay on my computer because i work all day	i do only 10 laps	wow ! i build model spaceships and we launch them from pools .	is that fun to do ?	its okay ! it was very hard to get my degree in computer science .	yeah , i bet it was !	now i just play a lot of games .	what kind of games do you play ?	fantasy videogames ! ! do you like them ?	no , but i play mario	i have never heard of mario
contra-0710	hey do you like classical music ? i love bach	bach is quite lovely . i enjoy listening to it with my friends here in the sea !	hey do you like classical music ? i love bach	bach is quite lovely . i enjoy listening to it with my friends here in the sea !	are you a mermaid ? i did not know they spoke english like me	why yes , we do speak english mostly . are there mermaids where you live ?
contra-0711	i love animals ! how about you !	me too ! how are you today ?	i love animals ! how about you !	me too ! how are you today ?	i am a bit busy but i love to meet people .	great ! what is your favorite animal ? i love riding horses on my dads farm	i love turtles ! i just bought one .
contra-0712	hi how are you doing tonight i am good so far .	i am good . relaxing with a glass of scotch to end the night .	hi how are you doing tonight i am good so far .	i am good . relaxing with a glass of scotch to end the night .	that is nice and relaxing i love to get a good workout .	yes . i have been busy working on a new short story to release .	that sounds very interesting hope all is good for you .	yeah . what kind of movies are you interested in ?	i like to watch romance and some scary movies is okay for me .	i like to watch dark superhero movies .	sounds cool i like being a vegan no meat is great when heavy .	i do not think i could ever do that i love food .	yes yummy right i love the sound of rap music i like dancing .	me too ! working at a carnival in the past we danced all the time	i bet that was a lot of fun i have not been in a while .	me either . not since i quit working there and began writing short stories .	what are some of your stories like ?	i get alot of my inspiration from superhero movies . little mix of all my faves .
contra-0713	hey how are you today ?	backpacking through europe . love it ! i am in italy now .	hey how are you today ?	backpacking through europe . love it ! i am in italy now .
contra-0714	hi , do you eat plants and meat ? because i eat both	i do , though not the dogs or the cactus i am growing	hi , do you eat plants and meat ? because i eat both	i do , though not the dogs or the cactus i am growing	nice , where do you work ? i do mostly sales	i am a criminal defense lawyer .
contra-0715	hi there , i am jordan and a vet	hi jordan . that is my brothers name . he just got married	hi there , i am jordan and a vet	hi jordan . that is my brothers name . he just got married	that is nice where are you from	i was born in arizona so that is what i named my cat . you ?	i am from california but i moved to florida a year ago	do you like it ?	yeah everything but the snakes	i like to play the game snakes and ladders but nothing else about snakes is good	i like snakes , i have one just not venomous ones	i read a biography once about a snake charmer . interesting	well what do you do for fun	i play monopoly or risk or any board game really	i play video games a lot	i never really got into them but i like reading too . do you read ?
contra-0716	hi ! what have you been doing today ?	hello . i just dropped my daughter off at school now i am drinking some tea .	hi ! what have you been doing today ?	hello . i just dropped my daughter off at school now i am drinking some tea .	i am brewing some tea on the camp fire this morning while listening to music .	that sounds amazing . what type of music are you listening to ?	it is rock . it gets me pumped up to go hiking with my dad who just retired .	i hope you have a wonderful time . please stay safe .	thanks . so what are you going to do today ?
contra-0717	hello how is your evening going	hello ! how are you doing ?	hello how is your evening going	hello ! how are you doing ?	i am doing fine . i am currently on the road i am a truck driver	i am in the army	oh sounds like fun but very demanding .	i see blue and its really green .	are you colorblind ? have you gone to see the doctor	yes i am . i like to sing what about you ?	no i grew up on a farm and have seven kids . i am always on the road	i like to go to the karaoke bars	that sounds like fun . i read mysteries like james patterson and steven king	are you dressing up for halloween ?
contra-0718	hi i am mindy how are you tonight ?	hi i am george . doing well , just got done lifting .	hi i am mindy how are you tonight ?
contra-0719	hi . i am sheila . i an 12 .	hey i am brian i am 14
contra-0720	hello there . where are you from ?	i am from a low income apartment complex in wv	hello there . where are you from ?	i am from a low income apartment complex in wv	interesting . i am not far off , from pa .	i could run to pa it is so close . i am a big runner	i enjoy cycling . i ride 3 4 times per week .	i cycle my butt to work at burger king that is it	do you run marathons ? or , are you a sprinter ?	i race against horses . i usually lose . i hate animals so much	wow . that is impressive . ever though or horseriding ?	no i hear that takes a lot of brain power . i dropped out of high school	i see . do you enjoy working at bk . would you recommend eating there ?	they have a new buffalo chicken sandwich that is amazing no joke
contra-0721	hello , you play monopoly ? i do . i read 52 books a year . you ?	wow , that is great ! i collect small bears .	hello , you play monopoly ? i do . i read 52 books a year . you ?	wow , that is great ! i collect small bears .	get out ! i collect mcdonalds toys . you play sorry ? i do . arizona is my cat .	i volunteer for an organization and work at the hospital as an rn .	great ! you play checkers ? i do . i like reading about people lives .	interesting . i love collecting all things that look like nature my favorite color .	hmmm . i like to play doctor instead of chess with my ex doug . you sing ?	yes i sing when i have a chance mostly in the shower .	wow ! my friend merna sings in the shower . the other tenants complain to the landlord .	green reminds me of nature . i like to play games like blitz .	really ! is blitz a new board game ? or do you play it on the television ?	on the internet . you know about the red cross ?
contra-0722	hi my name is lauren . i like to gamble and play games . what about you	hi i am david . i love to play poker and run .	hi my name is lauren . i like to gamble and play games . what about you
contra-0723	hi how are you ? what do you do for work ?	i do not work . i am a full time student trying to get a degree in education	hi how are you ? what do you do for work ?	i do not work . i am a full time student trying to get a degree in education	that is awesome . i have a nursing degree and work in a pediatric hospital	what do you do for fun ? i live to hike and play rugby	i love finding flowers in my favorite color which is purple .	i actually was just running through a field of orchids whilst listening to lil weeze	as a devout catholic i love running through fields that the lord has created .	that is wonderful . there is nothing better than hanging with friends at church
contra-0724	hi ! i just got back from a run . what are you doing ?	hello , i am just playing some online poker .	hi ! i just got back from a run . what are you doing ?	hello , i am just playing some online poker .
contra-0725	hello , my name is randy . how are you ?	hi randy , i am good ! just at work . what about you ?
contra-0726	hello , how are you tonight ?	i am ok . long day of warehouse and forklift work . you ?	hello , how are you tonight ?
contra-0727	hi i am joanna . i sing blues professionally	oh that is cool . i can do your hair before a show . hair stylist here haha	hi i am joanna . i sing blues professionally
contra-0728	hello , what are you up to	hello , i am sewing some quilts for my nieces .	hello , what are you up to	hello , i am sewing some quilts for my nieces .	oh i adore my boss	that is amazing , what fo you do . i retired from banking .	i meant i adore the niece of my boss . i clean kennels in a shelter .	oh i love animals ! i have a cat he is siamese .	oh i agree , i much prefer animals to human creatures .	yes , do you have any hobbies . i like to walk everyday at least a mile .	how healthy ! i enjoy listening to a simple plan . do you enjoy music ?	i do like music . much easier to go to concerts now that i am retired .	yes you are lucky . being around people irritates me	you dislike people that much . do you have children ?	oh no , i could not stand it . do you ?
contra-0729	do you have a favorite sport ?	no time for sports since i am constantly working as an engineer . you ?	do you have a favorite sport ?	no time for sports since i am constantly working as an engineer . you ?	i love playing extreme frisbee .	that is awesome ! i would be afraid of all the insects while playing	i am too salty from eating sardines for breakfast every day .	well that sounds gross . i prefer bacon	the doctor said i should not eat them because of my surgery .	what surgery did you have ?	i had gastric bypass surgery .	good for you . i heard that classical music helps healing . i like bach	i prefer rock music , but classical is ok .	english is my first language but my friend who speaks spanish also likes classical	i never learned another language . i dropped out of high school before it came up .	i never did either . just english for me	english is complicated hodge podge language as it is .
contra-0730	hey there i am lucy who are you ?	i am cindy i am recovering from ulnar nerve surgery	hey there i am lucy who are you ?	i am cindy i am recovering from ulnar nerve surgery	ouch , how is it going ? like candy i do too much lol	its going alright tonight . i am not big on candy but love ice cream and sardines	yuck sardines an ice cream lol	its weird i know . do you like frisbee i play it with my dog	i do not i like soccer	oh soccer is cool did you go to college ? i am working on getting my diploma
contra-0731	hi , i am kera and i am a social butterfly	hi . i am more the mousy type . numbers are my world at my day job . you ?	hi , i am kera and i am a social butterfly
contra-0732	hello how are you doing	hello i am doing okay how are you	hello how are you doing	hello i am doing okay how are you	very good thank you tell me about you ?	i just turned 20 and am stationed in south korea .	what do you guys get to do in your spare time . i play frisbee	i target practice but the others read books and write home . i cant write home
contra-0733	how are you ? being an old man , i am slowing down these days	hi , my dad is old as well , they live close to me and i see them often	how are you ? being an old man , i am slowing down these days	hi , my dad is old as well , they live close to me and i see them often	that is a great thing honor your dad with your presence	sure , i pick him up for church every sunday with my ford pickup	sounds wonderful my wheelchair can go very fast on various terrains	i guess that means you do not go hunting often ? i love hunting , i own 3 guns	hunting ? i served in the marines , yes i hunt	yeah me too , i am conservative so i love church and hunting	what do you like to hunt ? do you ever fish ?	fishing is good . i love fishing as well	fishing is a better choice sometimes for my one leg	yes that must be hard , i hope things get better for you	i enjoy life , it is what it is these days .
contra-0734	hi ! how are you ? what are you doing right now ?	hey , i am great . other than recovering from surgery . how are you ?	hi ! how are you ? what are you doing right now ?	hey , i am great . other than recovering from surgery . how are you ?	oh no ! what happened ? i am taking a break from driving .	i tore up my knee playing frisbee with my 2 dogs . where are you driving to ?	i am driving a load to chicago . sorry about your knee . how is your recovery ?	its going well so far . an excuse to lay around . you drive truck ?	yes , i do . do you work for a living ?	i am currently looking . i did not finish high school so its not easy finding something worth it .	do you have children to support ? i must work to support my 7 children .	wow that is a lot . i do not have any kids . how old are yours ?	they range from 2 to 16 . they and my job keep my busy .	i would imagine so . where are you driving from to chicago ?	new jersey . where are you from ?
contra-0735	hey there . how is it going ?	not bad . currently writing my third novel . all about romance .	hey there . how is it going ?	not bad . currently writing my third novel . all about romance .	how long have you been writing for ?	over 20 years . living far away on an island helps me gather thoughts .	i did not graduate from high school , so writing novels seems like a great achievement !	well , i keep to myself alot . not very social . wish i was more outgoing .	my two dogs are my best friends . do you have any pets ?	one dog and two cats . great companions . any children ?
contra-0736	hello ! what do you do for a living ?	i am in school studying law	hello ! what do you do for a living ?	i am in school studying law	really ? so am i ! i want to be a lawyer .	i am the only child of lawyer parents . hopefully i will be successful .	where do you live while in school ? i live with my girlfriend and dog , max .	i live in texas . i have two years left . then off i go	fun ! do you have any hobbies ?	swimming . you ? student life does not leave me much free time .
contra-0737	hi , how are you tonight ?	hey there how are you today ?	hi , how are you tonight ?
contra-0738	hi . how are you ? sittin on the beach myself .	hello , i am ok just hanging out here . do you have pets ?	hi . how are you ? sittin on the beach myself .	hello , i am ok just hanging out here . do you have pets ?	no , no pets . but i loves horses , they are my favorite .	i work as a carpenter , stay at home mostly . kinda a loner	i like to build things . my pops sell cars but that is not for me .	i can not see my self as a salesman not good at socializing	i feel ya on that . i have social anxiety . hate going out .
contra-0739	hi ! how are you today ?	i am good just doing what i always do , spending time online	hi ! how are you today ?	i am good just doing what i always do , spending time online	that is awesome , i am taking a break from painting	my friend is a painter here in texas ! we met at a furry convention
contra-0740	how are you doing tonight ?	good , just got home from the grocery store where i work	how are you doing tonight ?
contra-0741	hello , how are you tonight ?	i am ok . long day of warehouse and forklift work . you ?	hello , how are you tonight ?	i am ok . long day of warehouse and forklift work . you ?	i am an er nurse , it was crazy last night .	i bet . kicking back and watching horror movies now . haha	that sounds fun . i love movies of all kinds .	right on . what else do you like ? i love grilling barbecue .	i love to bake , i made banana bread earlier .	that is sounds really good right now . i eat a lot of protein cause i do weekend lifts .	i run right past the weights to the treadmills .	i run awkward , i am a super tall and pretty big fella .	i am five foot . i need a ladder for most things .
contra-0742	hi , how are you tonight ?	doing pretty good . spent most the night at church . you ?	hi , how are you tonight ?
contra-0743	how are you doing today ?	i am great ! how are you doing on this fine evening ?	how are you doing today ?	i am great ! how are you doing on this fine evening ?	good . just eating some pizza on my night off .	cool . i only eat kosher meat so i have to make my own pizzas .	homemade pizzas are the best . what kind of work do you do ?	i work in advertising . how about you ?	i am a nurse at a kids hospital . long days , but kids make it fun .	awww , how fulfilling ! so are you enjoying your pizza all alone or with friends ?	with my family . about to veg out on some netflix .	just the significant other , or do you have kids of your own ?	i have one child who is with a friend tonight .	awesome , so just spouse time tonight ? i know nursing hours can be hard on quality time .	he is actually playing the xbox . the kiddo does not always share .	ha ! i know those feels . how long have you been married ?	14 years this year . how about you ?
contra-0744	hello . is anybody out there ?	lol i am here ! in seattle in my apartment with my two roomies .	hello . is anybody out there ?	lol i am here ! in seattle in my apartment with my two roomies .
contra-0745	hey how are you today	i am good . just finished eating some pizza .	hey how are you today
contra-0746	hello , i am a author of science fiction novels .	that is cool . i enjoy painting but my day job is at a research center	hello , i am a author of science fiction novels .	that is cool . i enjoy painting but my day job is at a research center	i got my bachelors in engineering from mit .	you are so smart !
contra-0747	hi , how are you today ?	good , i am in sales , what do you do for your work ?	hi , how are you today ?	good , i am in sales , what do you do for your work ?	i am enjoying a glass of wine , and you ?	i am listening to rush , i love them	i work from home as a skater	cool beans , do you have any other hobbies then sales ?	i like bluegrass , have you heard of that music ?	yeah but i do not like it	well , i like to read and watch youtube videos and you ?	i like to eat meat and plants , i eat both	fun fact about me is that i had a tail at birth , it was removed .	yeah my friend had that removed at his wedding last week when i attended
contra-0748	hello how are you today	i am well . how are you ?	hello how are you today
contra-0749	i do not see the point in a drivers license in ny	oh really are you from there ?	i do not see the point in a drivers license in ny
contra-0750	hi how are you ? where do you live ?	doing good . i live in the midwest	hi how are you ? where do you live ?	doing good . i live in the midwest
contra-0751	hi there how are you doing ?	i am good thanks . just got my nails done . you ?	hi there how are you doing ?	i am good thanks . just got my nails done . you ?	i am pretty well getting ready for martial arts class	fun . what else do you like to do ?	playing softball . and mentoring teens mostly
contra-0752	hello , how are you this evening ? i sell houses , are you looking to buy ?	i am actually quite comfortable with my living situation right now !	hello , how are you this evening ? i sell houses , are you looking to buy ?
contra-0753	good morning , have you went for a walk yet ? simon and i have .	hello ! my morning is great . no school today since i graduated from college .	good morning , have you went for a walk yet ? simon and i have .	hello ! my morning is great . no school today since i graduated from college .	very nice ! i am a retired banker , and sew . do you have any hobbies ?	i enjoy walking but my favorite hobby is participating in board games .	very fun ! i like monopoly . they have a quilting edition	i am terrible at seeing but enjoy perusing biographies .	i do not care for them at all . i like dean koontz .	my brother , who just said i do , loves monopoly !	how wonderful ! if he needs any investment advice , please have him call me .	i also raise cats for a hobby and have one who we call arizona .	that is a lovely name . my last kitten was nyx .	are you an investment advisor ?	i used to be . i am retired now , but i do give advice at times .	where did you come up with the name nyx ?
contra-0754	hi there how are you	hey , i am doing good . how about you ?	hi there how are you	hey , i am doing good . how about you ?	good just got off work about to watch my favorite one tree hill	cool , never watched that show . i am too busy cooking delicious food !	mmmm do you know how to make pizza its my favorite	i do , but i try not to make it because i am on a diet .	o ok i usually make it for my church fundraisers i am a catholic	everybody loves pizza ! even my lovely cat will nibble at the cheese .	haha yes who does not love it	my husband would eat it , but he is on the nightshift . i just do days .	o that must be hard to make time to be with each other	yes , we do not see each other much until the weekend .	my parents were like that until one cheated
contra-0755	hello . how are you on this fine day ?	i am wonderful thank you . what do you like ?	hello . how are you on this fine day ?
contra-0756	i am loading up my rifle to get me a deer today	oh really ? what kind of rifle are you going to go hunt with ?	i am loading up my rifle to get me a deer today	oh really ? what kind of rifle are you going to go hunt with ?	good question . i am just taking my shotgun in case i run into my brother in law	that sounds good , i am going to be gardening this weekend , i love it !	that is great , the company i work for just put in keyhole gardens for the tenants	oh that is really awesome ! do you watch or play any sports ?	no . i bow hunt and fix up my tin lizzie on the weekends	oh , you sound handy ! i love watching the ohio state buckeyes play football ! they rock !	sounds like a dang waste of time . what else do you like to do ?	i like to paint , i use purple a lot ! it is by far my favorite color .	purple , huh ? my face turned purple when i kissed my girlfriend friday night	haha , my face turns purple when i get around water , so scary .
contra-0757	hi here i am in sunny california . where do you live ?	i live in florida but my family is from toronto	hi here i am in sunny california . where do you live ?	i live in florida but my family is from toronto
contra-0758	hi , i sell shoes online , a meat eater and love the rush band . and you ?	my favorite music is rap , tupac is my favorite	hi , i sell shoes online , a meat eater and love the rush band . and you ?	my favorite music is rap , tupac is my favorite	i design book covers in my spare time . you write books ?	i also enjoy hanging out with friends , how about you ?	i love a grilled steak . my best friends got married last week . you married ?	oh how nice , no not yet .	i love dear mama by pac .	one of my favorite songs . what kind of book covers do you design ?	chic lit . you work or have any special hobbies ?	i like to play softball and volleyball . i guess that is considered a hobby .	oh okay . you still in school ? book covers and cd covers are interchangeable .	yes i am on my last year in college .
contra-0759	hello , how are you tonight ? are you watching the office	hi ! i am well , thanks . i actually just got back from a hike .	hello , how are you tonight ? are you watching the office	hi ! i am well , thanks . i actually just got back from a hike .	that sounds wonderful , i live in the city and do not have hiking trails .	i am in ohio where there are lots of wooded trails .	ohio is lovely , we went hiked blue hen and buttermilk falls once .	yes , very nice . my 2 sons love to hike buttermilk falls .	that hill though , lol . do you like sweets ? i do not .
contra-0760	hi , i am a one legged vet in a wheelchair . how are you ?	oh my . i am a soldier in south korea , actually .	hi , i am a one legged vet in a wheelchair . how are you ?
contra-0761	hi , how are you tonight	i am fine . just watching some sports .	hi , how are you tonight	i am fine . just watching some sports .	monday night football ? what teams you like	i actually enjoy the steelers , do you ?	no way ! grew up california , i like the chargers	that is great . are you married ?	nope , are you . maybe will meet someone when move nyc jan	i am engaged for a wedding in december .	congrats hope it goes great	i am excited ! especially since we both are now college graduates !	what did you study college	history was my major . i worked in a museum .	cool ! sounds interesting . i like surfing to bad no degree for that	that sounds fun though ! i like to play many sports .	i like roller skating too will miss in nyc	i am sorry that you are worried about missing nyc .
contra-0762	hey , how are you today ?	i am okay . living paycheck to paycheck is taking a toll on me . how about you ?	hey , how are you today ?
contra-0763	hello , how are you ? i am so bored !	hi . you should try building models . it is what i do to pass time	hello , how are you ? i am so bored !	hi . you should try building models . it is what i do to pass time	my girls do not like models . what else do you do to pass time ?	i play video games . i like games like destiny . traveling space . fighting aliens	my ex husband used to play video games . he left me with my three girls .	i am sorry . my mother raised me too . she was a doctor . put me thru school .
contra-0764	hi there how are you doing ?	i am good thanks . just got my nails done . you ?	hi there how are you doing ?	i am good thanks . just got my nails done . you ?	i am pretty well getting ready for martial arts class	fun . what else do you like to do ?	playing softball . and mentoring teens mostly	do you like the beach ?	i do enjoy the sounds of waves yes	it is beautiful . do you like horses ?	they are ok either way i am good . not big on pets or animals	you do not have any pets ?	no i am not home enough to care for them you ?	have two cats . do you travel a lot ?	no but i do like my italian foods	italian food is good . your favorite dish ?	alfredo is the bomb with anything noodle you like	i have been dieting so not so much italian for me lately .
contra-0765	hi there , how are you tonight ?	i am tired was a long day at the office . how about you ?	hi there , how are you tonight ?	i am tired was a long day at the office . how about you ?
contra-0766	how is it going ? what are you up to ?	good just reading a book about traveling .	how is it going ? what are you up to ?	good just reading a book about traveling .	sounds interesting . how was your day at work ?	pretty good . i was happy that i could take a long walk over lunch .	i run a lot and walk .	sounds like we have that in common . what else do you enjoy ?	studying . trying to get my high school degree !	that is great ! any particular subjects you enjoy ?	anything science . do you have pets ?	i have a big dog that loves long walks . do you have any pets ?	no . i am scared of animals and cannot have any in my small apartment .	i understand . i would like to travel to europe soon . do you have aspirations ?	i would like to have a high paying job . i am stuck at burger king for now .	that is a good goal . a good paying job would help me get to europe too .
contra-0767	hey there how are you	i am pretty bored actually . listening to music .	hey there how are you	i am pretty bored actually . listening to music .	what are in the tunes ?	a lot of love , grace , kindness , scatting and dancing .	do you work ? i do on a forklift	i was hoping you knew what i was talking about ! school , no work !	like bbq ? i love me some fire bbq	do i ? maybe a little to ficken
contra-0768	hello , how are you today ?	hi , my mother and i own a restaurant . you like pizza ?	hello , how are you today ?	hi , my mother and i own a restaurant . you like pizza ?	i do not like pizza . i work as a bodybuilder and can not eat carbs	hmmm . i see . there are seven siblings in my home .	wow that is a lot ! i only have a brother	older brother or younger ? what foods can you love that are not carbs ?	younger brother , and veggies haha	oh okay . i like ghost love stories .	never heard of them . i work as part time as a doctor	great sometimes i wish dracula would bite my neck .
contra-0769	i am loading up my rifle to get me a deer today	oh really ? what kind of rifle are you going to go hunt with ?	i am loading up my rifle to get me a deer today	oh really ? what kind of rifle are you going to go hunt with ?	good question . i am just taking my shotgun in case i run into my brother in law
contra-0770	i am very creative , i love taking on diy projects .	i am not very crafty but i like to write	i am very creative , i love taking on diy projects .	i am not very crafty but i like to write	i like staying active . i walk at least a mile everyday .	wow . i like to work out too . we can be friends	i like staying active . i walk at least a mile everyday .	i have all these yummy healthy recipes . i wrote a cookbook	what do you like to do for fun ?	i like to read . plays mostly	wow , that sounds exciting .	it is a good way to unwind .	do you have any pets ?
contra-0771	i just found out my friend is getting married . i do not know if that is good or bad	that is great ! family is awesome . mine lives down the street from me .	i just found out my friend is getting married . i do not know if that is good or bad	that is great ! family is awesome . mine lives down the street from me .	i was just at my other friends wedding last week but not me , i am single	are you conservative ? i am .	all of my family is an hour away . i moved for a better job in sales	hopefully the pay is worth it ! do you like ford or chevy ? my truck is a ford .	conservative is just one of those words used by the media . its all the same	i disagree . every sunday i am in church . generally the more conservative are there .	both are good but i want one of the new tesla electric cars .	oh , an electric car would be cool . that would be good for the environment .	i go to church for weddings like my friends last week but i am not religious	i understand . organized religion is not for everyone .	i think they will all be electric soon . electric cars were first before gas	oh really ? i did not know that .	i am a care salesman so i know a lot about all inds of cars
contra-0772	hello , i love fashion and hope to be a doctor one day . you ?	hello , i am an accountant from ohio . i have two boys and i am single .	hello , i love fashion and hope to be a doctor one day . you ?	hello , i am an accountant from ohio . i have two boys and i am single .	student , male , divorced , ex named doug . i own a beetle .	oh a beetle how cool . i have a boring honda civic . what are your hobbies ?	wow ! i make book covers in my free time . i am published also .	how amazing ! i love to go hiking . what books have you written ?	angel investor and if i can help someone are my recent books . hiking huh ?	very cool ! yes , i love to hike you get some beautiful views !	you are right ! if you take pictures you can sell them online . i love clothes .	i never thought of that . i love clothes as well .	i will attend au next year . i continue to write while studying medicine .	good luck , being a doctor is hard . maybe you will write medical books .
contra-0773	hey there ! whats your favorite movie ? mine is titanic	mine is captain america , civil war ! my daddy took me to see it before he died .	hey there ! whats your favorite movie ? mine is titanic	mine is captain america , civil war ! my daddy took me to see it before he died .	wow ! i seen titanic like 10 times an i just became a new daddy	i like to dance , i pretend the winter soldier is my boyfriend .	cute , i like to model cars as a past time .	my parents and i lived on edris island , before they died . where are you ?	i am in america , i did study abroad for a few years when i was in college .
contra-0774	yo ! i am from chicago , where are you at ?	hello , i am from south carolina	yo ! i am from chicago , where are you at ?
contra-0775	hi , i have a cat , dog , bird and fish . no children . no soda just water .	you have a lot of pets	hi , i have a cat , dog , bird and fish . no children . no soda just water .	you have a lot of pets	yes ! you ? i like being by myself .	i have two kids . that keeps me busy enough . lol	great ! i work for ups part time .	that is a busy job especially around the holidays	true ! single life is great . married ?	actually not anymore . it is a long story	i see . i live by myself and love bottled water . you ?	i like bottled water too	good for you ! i do clerical work for ups . you work ?	i am in construction . i love making things from scratch .	get out ! i am scared of kids but i can cook .	i wish that i could cook	take a cooking class . you drink spring water ? you should .
contra-0776	hey , how has your day been ?	hello it has been alright how has yours been	hey , how has your day been ?	hello it has been alright how has yours been	great , by the way i am not good at this whole conversation thing , i am quite shy .	so am i i am only 12 year old girl	do you have any hobbies ? when i was your age i got into building model spaceships .	yes i am champion at tae kwan do	wow , if you ever get injured , just contact me . my mom is a certifies medical doctor .	my dad also teaches tae kwan do
contra-0777	hi , i am 69 , veteran with one leg who travels by wheelchair . you ?	hey ! 60 years old , currently an administrative assistant	hi , i am 69 , veteran with one leg who travels by wheelchair . you ?	hey ! 60 years old , currently an administrative assistant	vet ? married with children or what ? name is sean .	my names bill , not a vet , thanks for your service !	very kind of you sir . is 69 old ? if so i am old man . married ?	only as old as you feel . and no , just me and my oldies music	you like motown music sir ? i do . any ideas for a faster wheelchair ?	hm , not my expertise , only hobby of mine is trying barbeque restaurants
contra-0778	good evening ! how are you today ?	i am fine i have to make sure all my babies are healthy	good evening ! how are you today ?	i am fine i have to make sure all my babies are healthy	i stay healthy by surfing and i do skate as well .	i do not have time for surfing with my pediatrician carrer	i model high end fashion and occasionally i act , too .	wow i am , in the presents of a model	yes but do not count on me to sing for you . that is not my thing .
contra-0779	hi there , i am marcus , how are you today ?	hi the jack here , i am good	hi there , i am marcus , how are you today ?	hi the jack here , i am good	good to hear jack , how is the weather where you are ?	beautiful and sunny nice day for gardening yours ?	i wish i could say , got another 5 hours on this rotation .	oh that sucks i am scared of water but i like to garden ponder that	that is definately interesting . i love everything outdoors and sports . hitting the weights with my brother later .	sounds like a good past time
contra-0780	hi there how are you today ?	i am well just shopping an you ?	hi there how are you today ?	i am well just shopping an you ?	preparing my husbands lunch he is about to leave to work his night shift	awe how sweet , what do you drive ? i drive a beetle	a honda pilot for not till my daughter give me back my accord	when i get big i want to be a doc	that is great all i am really good at is cooking	i graduate high school next year i am excited .
contra-0781	how are you doing today ?	i am good . what is your occupation ?	how are you doing today ?	i am good . what is your occupation ?	i actually do not have a job right now . i go to school	oh . i always wanted to do fashion , but i had a rough life growing up .	i am into science . i plan on being a marine biologist	cool . stay focus . my parents were never around . i started stealing and got arrested .	i am so sorry . it sounds like you have had a tough life	yeah . when i was in high school , my best friend stole my boyfriend . rough !	oh that is awful ! are you from the us ?	yes , i was born and raise in northern california . you ?	yes i live in this country too !	my dream is to have kids one day , but i need to get it together .	what do you need in order to get it together ?	go back to school for fashion designing . that is my true passion .
contra-0782	hey , how is the weather out there ?	it is pretty hot but good for working in my garden .	hey , how is the weather out there ?	it is pretty hot but good for working in my garden .	do you garden a lot ?	yes , it is plenty of food for my family with plenty to give away .	aw , that is so nice . i should garden for my sister	your vegetables will taste better . what kind of work do you do ?	i do whatever jobs pay the bills , i have to take care of my sister and me	i work in a pipe factory . it pays well but is dangerous .	how dangerous ? could you die ?	yes , someone was killed by a stack of pipes falling a few years ago .
contra-0783	hi . i am from canada .
contra-0784	i just found out my friend is getting married . i do not know if that is good or bad	that is great ! family is awesome . mine lives down the street from me .	i just found out my friend is getting married . i do not know if that is good or bad	that is great ! family is awesome . mine lives down the street from me .	i was just at my other friends wedding last week but not me , i am single	are you conservative ? i am .	all of my family is an hour away . i moved for a better job in sales	hopefully the pay is worth it ! do you like ford or chevy ? my truck is a ford .
contra-0785	hello , how are you tonight ?	great . how are you doing	hello , how are you tonight ?	great . how are you doing
contra-0786	hi there how are you doing tonight ?	pretty good . just studying , you ?	hi there how are you doing tonight ?
contra-0787	hi , do you have any stickers i can have ?	no stickers . . but i have candy ! i always have candy	hi , do you have any stickers i can have ?	no stickers . . but i have candy ! i always have candy	i will try whatever candy you have	i love candy ! ! ! it is the best ! and brownies .	i am a health nut . i hike on the regular .	i take my obedience dogs hiking ! i have mountains behind my new house .
contra-0788	hello , how are you this evening ?	i m good i m playing for my next travel and adventure	hello , how are you this evening ?	i m good i m playing for my next travel and adventure	that sounds fun . i enjoy playing board games and reading biographies .	arctic and i m going to use that for my lessons in school as a teacher	i just finished school . i graduated from college .	so i switched to being interested in iceland geology teacher	oh , cool . do you have any pets ? my cat is named arizona .	nope but i do like polar beers i hunt them as food	that is awesome ! i saw a picture of one at the wedding of my brother recently .	oh cool what did you find out i know how to fish is being nice	i love to go fishing .	if you want to ice them just let me know	ok , i will . thank you !	what other stuff do you do
contra-0789	good evening , hope you are well	i am , but sadly southern california is on fire	good evening , hope you are well	i am , but sadly southern california is on fire	oh no ! that is awful ! makes being born with a tail seem trivial .	i cant get to the set with all this fire traffic	now that i skateboard professionally , i have what i need right at home .	ever skated new york ? i am moving there next year .	yes ! are you looking forward to moving ? bring snacks . i like chips .
contra-0790	hello there . where are you from ?	i am so excited i just got engaged !	hello there . where are you from ?	i am so excited i just got engaged !	congratulations ! how old are yoy ?	the united states . how about you ?
contra-0791	hello there , how are you today ? i just got back from a run	hi , i am ok . i play soccer so run a lot	hello there , how are you today ? i just got back from a run
contra-0792	hello , how are you this afternoon ?	good , i just working while chatting , and you ?	hello , how are you this afternoon ?
contra-0793	hello , how are you today ?	good ! i am in the army , stationed in south korea . it is a nice day here today .	hello , how are you today ?	good ! i am in the army , stationed in south korea . it is a nice day here today .	it is rainy here . i am in new york .	i am from puerto rico originally . how do you like new york ?	it is all i have ever known , with the exception of pilgrimages to israel .
contra-0794	hi there , i just became a dad to a golden retriever ! d	congratulations ! single mom of 2 boys here . how are you ?	hi there , i just became a dad to a golden retriever ! d
contra-0795	hi there ! how are you today ?	i am very good thank you , tell me about yourself ?	hi there ! how are you today ?	i am very good thank you , tell me about yourself ?	i just completed my rn . what do you do ?	thanks cool , i am park ranger i hike in nature for my job	oh wow that is amazing . i cannot wait to get a full time nursing job !	i bet what are some of your hobbies ?	i love to go clothes shopping . what about you ?	i do too , one of my hobbies is to collect odd stickers	fun ! what about your family ? i am super close with my sister we are best friends .	same here ! my sister and i read each other our poetry	you do poetry too ? wow ! such an exciting life !	one of my favorite passions is food ! if it looks good i will try it at least once	do you cook a lot or just like eating it ?	both , i use to want to be a chef	how did you end up being a park ranger ?	my father was a park ranger and i love the outdoors so i got right in
contra-0796	hey there like to workout ?	not really . i enjoy video games and reading mostly . do you workout ?	hey there like to workout ?	not really . i enjoy video games and reading mostly . do you workout ?	yes i do all the time	are you a bodybuilder ? what do you do for a living ?	no no body builder but i am a vegan	that is interesting . i am also a vegan and a vet . i love animals .	really wow , any siblings ? all i have is my dad an bro	a sister in california , where we grew up . i am in florida now . you ?	i like to listen to trap queen an gucci do you ?
contra-0797	hi how are you doing	great ! just coding for apple . and drinking an iced tea	hi how are you doing	great ! just coding for apple . and drinking an iced tea	that sound good , i just had a cold pepsi	eh ! iced tea with home grown canada syrup delicious	great i will try that some time	red or blue ? coding is so much fun ! how old are you ? i am 22	i am 34 four years old , do you work	i freelance mostly website coding and such .	i have been working at a real estate	cool ! ! any property in canada ? my family is looking to upgrade .
contra-0798	hello , you play monopoly ? i do . i read 52 books a year . you ?	wow , that is great ! i collect small bears .	hello , you play monopoly ? i do . i read 52 books a year . you ?	wow , that is great ! i collect small bears .	get out ! i collect mcdonalds toys . you play sorry ? i do . arizona is my cat .	i volunteer for an organization and work at the hospital as an rn .	great ! you play checkers ? i do . i like reading about people lives .	interesting . i love collecting all things that look like nature my favorite color .	hmmm . i like to play doctor instead of chess with my ex doug . you sing ?	yes i sing when i have a chance mostly in the shower .	wow ! my friend merna sings in the shower . the other tenants complain to the landlord .	green reminds me of nature . i like to play games like blitz .	really ! is blitz a new board game ? or do you play it on the television ?	on the internet . you know about the red cross ?
contra-0799	hey there ! whats your favorite movie ? mine is titanic	mine is captain america , civil war ! my daddy took me to see it before he died .	hey there ! whats your favorite movie ? mine is titanic	mine is captain america , civil war ! my daddy took me to see it before he died .
contra-0800	hey , tell me about yourself ?	hi there ! want to play some poker ? i love it !	hey , tell me about yourself ?	hi there ! want to play some poker ? i love it !	i would love to ! my sisters and brother sand i have a family game going online .	we cant drink alcohol while playing , though . i quit 5 years back .	that is a healthy decision .	my wife and 3 boys would skin me alive !	charlie , my dog , just stole my dinner and ran off ! it was eggplant , my favorite .	i am so busy doing carpentry that i do not meet many people as friends .	i hear you . i miss my parents back in australia .
contra-0801	hi how are you doing	i am alright . except my feet , they are a little frog like .	hi how are you doing	i am alright . except my feet , they are a little frog like .	why is that . do you have kids ?	no . i dream of kids to make art with .	i have sons . they are amazing lot of work tho	i see . do you have any trash i could have for my art ?	not anything i can think of unless you like fish things	what kind of fish things do you have ?	exotic ones . i have an aquarium full	aquariums , those remind me of the cages where i work .	i can see where you could get that . i like 50 decorations too	is anything very tall , i am pretty short
contra-0802	hi , how are you tonight ?	doing pretty good . spent most the night at church . you ?	hi , how are you tonight ?
contra-0803	hey there how are you ?	not bad its a beautiful night in california and you ?	hey there how are you ?	not bad its a beautiful night in california and you ?
contra-0804	good evening ! how are you today ?	i am fine i have to make sure all my babies are healthy	good evening ! how are you today ?	i am fine i have to make sure all my babies are healthy	i stay healthy by surfing and i do skate as well .	i do not have time for surfing with my pediatrician carrer	i model high end fashion and occasionally i act , too .	wow i am , in the presents of a model	yes but do not count on me to sing for you . that is not my thing .	when i am not in the doctors office i play jazz	when i move to nyc , i hope to hear some jazz on the streets .	i live in new nyc i pay the jazz in the park sometimes	maybe we will bump into each other . it will be a change from california .	small world . i just left all my vintage cars in cali	vintage cars are awesome ! i spent my entire youth in cali .	cali is the place to be my wife and kids love it there
contra-0805	hey i am brianna hows it going	good , name is tom . i work with teens having problems and teach them taekwondo .	hey i am brianna hows it going	good , name is tom . i work with teens having problems and teach them taekwondo .	cool i am currently learning jujitsu myself	i should try that . i eat a lot of italian food , need to exercise .	i like asian cuisine and i run a lot it helps me relax	running is good . do you have hobbies ? i sing in a community choir .	i play card games like poker , pitty pat , and black jacks	i love playing cards , especially euchre .	what is euchre i have never heard of it	euchre is a a card game where you only use ace through 9 cards . lots of fun .	how do you play it	4 people , deal out 5 cards each . if spades are trump , jack of spades is highest card	how do you win in it	win by taking the most tricks . you have to take at least 3 tricks or you lose .	sounds fun i might try it out
contra-0806	hello , how are you doing ?	pretty good . listening to barry manila now	hello , how are you doing ?	pretty good . listening to barry manila now	does he require more postage to be sent ?
contra-0807	hi i work as a arctic explorer i used to be a geology teacher	hi i am retired i use to be a banker	hi i work as a arctic explorer i used to be a geology teacher	hi i am retired i use to be a banker	cool its fun to ice fish have you ever done that ?
contra-0808	hello , do you think british accents are sexy ?	hi how are you doing i am great yes british accents are sexy .	hello , do you think british accents are sexy ?	hi how are you doing i am great yes british accents are sexy .	i am doing wonderful , now that i avoided the mangoes . i am allergic .	oh sorry to hear that i like going out with my friends .	i do too , i collect civil war antiques , mainly china .	that sounds cool . i like to listen to rap music .
contra-0809	hi , do you know how to sew or nit ? i enjoy making my clothing by myself
contra-0810	hey there how are you now ?	hello how are you today	hey there how are you now ?	hello how are you today
contra-0811	hello , how are you this morning ? did you get your walk in yet ?	hello i am fine i cannot walk i am disabled	hello , how are you this morning ? did you get your walk in yet ?	hello i am fine i cannot walk i am disabled	i am sorry . i love to garden and travel , i would hate for that to be me .	its okay i like to knit hats for babies in nicu	that is so sweet . i have been to six countries .	wow have you discovered any new favorite food i love cooking	i discovered real hummus while teaching biology in turkey .	that sounds right up my alley being vegan and all	that is why i started my garden , i am vegan too .
contra-0812	good evening , how are you	super duper . i am hanging out with my new cat .	good evening , how are you	super duper . i am hanging out with my new cat .	that is awesome . i am just hanging with my boys playing video games	cool , i like hanging with my mom as well .	that is a very good thing . i have two boys they love me so much	are they in school yet ?	yes they are . . . they attend in after school while i work	my mom was an army nurse , and got deployed once .	oh gosh well please thank her for service from me . i thank her	do you ever think about the environment ?
contra-0813	hello . how are you today ?	i am doing well , thank you . how are you ?	hello . how are you today ?	i am doing well , thank you . how are you ?	not too bad . just happy that the apartment is quiet for once .	i know what you mean . it is great to have quiet time to read	for me , its playing my guitar . do you play an instrument ?	i do not . i do read a lot though	so where are you from ?	i am from new york , what about you ?	most of my family is still in arkansas , but my brothers and i live in chicago .	i used to live there ! great place !	so beautiful compared to the city , right ?
contra-0814	hi there how are you doing ?	i am good thanks . just got my nails done . you ?	hi there how are you doing ?	i am good thanks . just got my nails done . you ?	i am pretty well getting ready for martial arts class	fun . what else do you like to do ?	playing softball . and mentoring teens mostly	do you like the beach ?	i do enjoy the sounds of waves yes	it is beautiful . do you like horses ?	they are ok either way i am good . not big on pets or animals
contra-0815	hey , nice to meet you . i am in texas . you ?
contra-0816	hello . how are you doing today ?	hey , i am doing good , how are you ?	hello . how are you doing today ?	hey , i am doing good , how are you ?	doing well . just got home from job as a nurse .	ohh , are you exhausted from work ? spicy food makes me feel good after long hours of work .	yes . and i still have to walk my dog , pedro . do you have pets ?	pedro is a great name for a dog . yes , an eagle named pecker .	what is it like with a pet eagle ?	very bad ass . is your dog big ?	no . very short . just like me . i am five foot .	perfect , can i train my eagle to pick up pedro and take him to the sky ?
contra-0817	good evening how are you ?	i am doing ok and you	good evening how are you ?
contra-0818	hello ! how are you today ?	i am great ! i just got done with a big biology test . how are you ?	hello ! how are you today ?	i am great ! i just got done with a big biology test . how are you ?	good . just a long day in middle school ! how old are you ?	i am 20 years old and studying in college . and you ?	i am 14 and cannot wait for college ! what are you studying ?	i am studying marine biology . i love marine life and the ocean .	animals do not judge . i am a big fan of dogs ! do not like cats though !	agreed ! i am allergic to cats . what do you want to study in college ?	want to be an actor ! i am a trans boy so i can be whoever in theater !	true . you must have lots of insight into both male and female .	do you like music ? i am a big pink floyd fan !
contra-0819	hello , how are you tonight ?	i am well . and yourself ?	hello , how are you tonight ?	i am well . and yourself ?	very well , almost finished with my homework .	nice . i just finished a huge glass of iced tea	sounds good . do you like rap ?	i do . i love country also	i do not care for it .	i grew up on it , or i probably would not either	my parents did not care for music , our house was very quiet .	i cant imagine a world that does not have music in it
contra-0820	hey there how are you today ?	i am great how are you ?	hey there how are you today ?	i am great how are you ?	like bbq ? i love bbq a lot
contra-0821	i have a question for you . . . do you believe in magic ? ?	hmm like harry potter magic or like card tricks	i have a question for you . . . do you believe in magic ? ?	hmm like harry potter magic or like card tricks	like mermaids . because i am one .	oh wow i did not think those were real . learn something new everyday	true ! what do you do for fun ?	i paint portraits , animals , and landscapes . what do you do for fun	the usual exploring with my friends sea creatures and swimming around .	that sounds like fun . where do you live ? i live in new york city	new york seems nice . i live underwater in the mediterranean sea	wow it must be beautiful there . what kind of friends do you have	fish mostly . i love spending time with my family and then hanging out with friends .
contra-0822	hey there how are you ?	not bad its a beautiful night in california and you ?	hey there how are you ?	not bad its a beautiful night in california and you ?
contra-0823	good evening , how are you ?	very well , how are you ?	good evening , how are you ?	very well , how are you ?	pretty tired . teaching all day will do that to you .	i bet ! my children are grown . i have 3 and 6 grandchildren .	wow ! my wife and i still have a couple kids in the nest	ah . how about pets ? i have 3 one cat and two dogs .
contra-0824	hello how are you doing	how are you doing today	hello how are you doing	how are you doing today	i am great . how is your day	i have a lot of homework to finish	what do you go to school for	lyrics writing . . . i am a songwriter since the third grade	that is great . where do you want to work ?	what rhymes with orange . . . that is my nightmare right now	i am not sure . lol	oh i want to work for willie . . . the . . . willie . . . nelson	so you like country music	all four of my family writes music . . . no i do not like country music !	oh what kind of music do you like	but willie is a genre unto his own . . . he is timeless . . . a bard out of history
contra-0825	hi , i work an it help desk and use to be a republican . you ?	i am the proud parent of three girls . currently looking for work .	hi , i work an it help desk and use to be a republican . you ?	i am the proud parent of three girls . currently looking for work .
contra-0826	hello , how are you today ?	hi , i m fine thanks , you ?	hello , how are you today ?
contra-0827	hi , renee here . i am a beach bum and i have to diet to look good . you ?	i like to cook . i write about it .	hi , renee here . i am a beach bum and i have to diet to look good . you ?
contra-0828	hello ! good evening . how are you ?	hey there ! a little tired , just finished my mile walk , you ?	hello ! good evening . how are you ?	hey there ! a little tired , just finished my mile walk , you ?	nothing much just staying in my bed .	i am about to do the same , curl up with my siamese cat	what time is it in your town ?	almost one am , what bout you ?	here is almost 2 am where do you live ?	southern ish area of texas .	we are very far i live in connecticut .	what is the weather like there ?	this is very rainy i do not like rain at all .	switch places with me ! it is too hot and sunny here	hehe i love snowing more .	really ? i hate being cold , snow is pretty from far
contra-0829	hi , how are you doing ?	hello ! i am well . being shy in class	hi , how are you doing ?	hello ! i am well . being shy in class	i just got back from the gym !	oh wow ! i am too shy to go to the gym . where do you go ?	well , i swim every day too	how many laps do you do ? i stay on my computer because i work all day	i do only 10 laps	wow ! i build model spaceships and we launch them from pools .	is that fun to do ?	its okay ! it was very hard to get my degree in computer science .	yeah , i bet it was !	now i just play a lot of games .	what kind of games do you play ?	fantasy videogames ! ! do you like them ?	no , but i play mario
contra-0830	hello , how are you this evening ?
contra-0831	hello , what is your favorite musician ? mine is john denver	do you like eggplant parmigiana , it is my favorite	hello , what is your favorite musician ? mine is john denver	do you like eggplant parmigiana , it is my favorite	yeah they are the best , i eat them at my horse ranch	country road take me home is my favorite song .	nice , i love music , and my horses do too , i love working with them
contra-0832	i just found out my friend is getting married . i do not know if that is good or bad	that is great ! family is awesome . mine lives down the street from me .	i just found out my friend is getting married . i do not know if that is good or bad	that is great ! family is awesome . mine lives down the street from me .	i was just at my other friends wedding last week but not me , i am single	are you conservative ? i am .	all of my family is an hour away . i moved for a better job in sales	hopefully the pay is worth it ! do you like ford or chevy ? my truck is a ford .	conservative is just one of those words used by the media . its all the same	i disagree . every sunday i am in church . generally the more conservative are there .	both are good but i want one of the new tesla electric cars .	oh , an electric car would be cool . that would be good for the environment .	i go to church for weddings like my friends last week but i am not religious	i understand . organized religion is not for everyone .	i think they will all be electric soon . electric cars were first before gas
contra-0833	hello , how are you today	hi , i am wonderful and you ?	hello , how are you today
contra-0834	hello . hope you are doing great today	i was doing fine until i saw a spider in the corner !	hello . hope you are doing great today	i was doing fine until i saw a spider in the corner !	you let it go or kill it ?	i ran away . i wish i had a husband or kids to kill it for me	i once found a black widow in my yard	do you like spiders ? how old are you ?
contra-0835	hi , i have a cat , dog , bird and fish . no children . no soda just water .	you have a lot of pets	hi , i have a cat , dog , bird and fish . no children . no soda just water .	you have a lot of pets	yes ! you ? i like being by myself .	i have two kids . that keeps me busy enough . lol	great ! i work for ups part time .	that is a busy job especially around the holidays	true ! single life is great . married ?	actually not anymore . it is a long story	i see . i live by myself and love bottled water . you ?	i like bottled water too	good for you ! i do clerical work for ups . you work ?	i am in construction . i love making things from scratch .	get out ! i am scared of kids but i can cook .	i wish that i could cook	take a cooking class . you drink spring water ? you should .	why do you say that
contra-0836	hi ! my name is jenny , what is your name ?
contra-0837	i am always trying to reserve for other but how are you	just got off work mcdonalds is not cutting it i might go back to school	i am always trying to reserve for other but how are you	just got off work mcdonalds is not cutting it i might go back to school
contra-0838	hello , my name is jonas , how are you doing today ?	bad , i am broke and my low income apartment has rent due tomorrow	hello , my name is jonas , how are you doing today ?	bad , i am broke and my low income apartment has rent due tomorrow
contra-0839	hi , i love meeting new people , what do you do ?	i just stay home all the time and do not do physical things	hi , i love meeting new people , what do you do ?	i just stay home all the time and do not do physical things	well , do you go outside ? i love playing ultimate frisbee	no i do not i stay inside and watch movies all the time	sounds kind of boring , do you have any pets ? i have a turtle , his name is tim	i have 1 dog and 2 cats with my husband he is my world	nice , what do your parents do ?	they are bankers how about yourself ?	my parents are in bora bora and i work in fast food	does your place sell ice cream it is my favorite food , what is yours ?	yeah they sell ice cream but only in autumn which is my favorite season , i love pizza
contra-0840	hi there , i am jordan and a vet	hi jordan . that is my brothers name . he just got married	hi there , i am jordan and a vet	hi jordan . that is my brothers name . he just got married
contra-0841	its fall ! finally time for the snow to come ! !	i am from australia so i lobe a good snowfall
contra-0842	hi there , i am marcus , how are you today ?	hi the jack here , i am good	hi there , i am marcus , how are you today ?	hi the jack here , i am good	good to hear jack , how is the weather where you are ?	beautiful and sunny nice day for gardening yours ?	i wish i could say , got another 5 hours on this rotation .	oh that sucks i am scared of water but i like to garden ponder that	that is definately interesting . i love everything outdoors and sports . hitting the weights with my brother later .	sounds like a good past time
contra-0843	hello there . where are you from ?	i am from canada . how about you ?	hello there . where are you from ?	i am from canada . how about you ?
contra-0844	hi i am a bit shy but it is nice to meet you	i met alot of shy people when i studied abroad it is ok	hi i am a bit shy but it is nice to meet you	i met alot of shy people when i studied abroad it is ok	where did you study ? my mother studied abroad for her degree	i studied in norway , but i gave it up to chase my dream of making model cars	have you actualized your dream ? i am on the pro circuit of making model spaceships	i had to stop because i just became a father . . . . to 9 puppies by my dog ginger	my mother is a doctor can she adopt one for her experiments ?	maybe . it would cost 1000 trying to recreate the titanic	very costly yes . my mother may be able to genetically reengineer your boys	can she remake jack . i have seen it 10 times
contra-0845	to whom do i have the pleasure of accompanying me today ?	my name is carol . how are you today ?	to whom do i have the pleasure of accompanying me today ?	my name is carol . how are you today ?	lonely carol , i sit here with my two cats stumped .	oh ? i have a siamese cat . just me and bob the cat . lonely too .	its ironic . i am a novelist . . . romance . living alone on an island far away from anyone	i sew quilts for relatives that are happier than i will ever be . retired banker .	it seems were one in the same , maybe i can use this mysterious connection	you write the novels , i will sew quilts that expound on the themes you write about .	it sounds like a match made in heaven . ironic is not it ? how lonely a romance writer is ?	it is ironic . like something from an alanis song .	being so remote , i live off the land . my cats try to eat me	they are will not to do that . my siamese has plans to murder me .	all cats were put on this earth to plot on eliminating humans !	it is true . bob does not even love me .
contra-0846	hi ! how are you tonight ?	good ! how are you doing ?	hi ! how are you tonight ?
contra-0847	hello friend . how are you ?	doing well . how are you ?	hello friend . how are you ?	doing well . how are you ?	feeling very inspired today actually . where are you from ?	what is inspiring you ? i am from illinois . you ?	i am an aspiring writer from the north west . do you like to read ?	i do ! but i would rather hang out with my robot best friend	your friend is a robot ? what is his name ?	yeah , i am homeschooled so i made my own friend . his name is sparky
contra-0848	hi there how are you today ?	i am super swell , got home from a good day at work	hi there how are you today ?
contra-0849	hi how are you ? i work in advertising for the last year	well that sounds nice . i am well .	hi how are you ? i work in advertising for the last year
contra-0850	hi ! what do you like to do ? i like reading and video games	hello . i do not really play video games , but i am a big movie fan .	hi ! what do you like to do ? i like reading and video games	hello . i do not really play video games , but i am a big movie fan .	i like to read drama books that are sometimes made into movies	that is interesting . my favorite movie is napoleon dynamite . i even named my dog pedro .	haha funny . i love dogs since i am a veterinarian .	oh wow ! i wanted to be a vet when i was a kid . i work in healthcare .	cool ! i live in florida so lots of doctors here	very nice , i love florida . what are your hobbies ? i enjoy baking , my favorite are muffins .	i travel back to my home state of california and read	so you have family in california ?	yes i do . they always tell me jordan , move back home
contra-0851	hello , how are you today ?	i am good , how are you ?	hello , how are you today ?
contra-0852	hello , how are you tonight ?	i m doing ok how are you	hello , how are you tonight ?	i m doing ok how are you	very well , thank you . watching one tree hill	how do you like that so	it is my favorite . what is yours ?	i am not really into tv by i am more on animal	i am a nurse at a kids hospital , some of my patients watch animal planet .	no pictures of my parents both of them and relieve nearby in the mountains	that is interesting . i am a beach person .	i don t really know how to swim because of it but my cats and dogs	i am not comfortable in the mountains .	does the train go visit my three cats and dogs that are too	interesting , i am a catholic , do you practice ?	not really that how do you practice it
contra-0853	hey . tg 14 year old here .	how are you doing tonight , i am missing my tail it was removed	hey . tg 14 year old here .	how are you doing tonight , i am missing my tail it was removed
contra-0854	hello , how are you today ?	good ! i am in the army , stationed in south korea . it is a nice day here today .	hello , how are you today ?	good ! i am in the army , stationed in south korea . it is a nice day here today .	it is rainy here . i am in new york .	i am from puerto rico originally . how do you like new york ?
contra-0855	hi there how are you today ?	i am good , and how are you ?	hi there how are you today ?	i am good , and how are you ?	i am good just relaxing i am currently in south korea serving	i thank you for serving !	thank you where are you from i am from puerto rico	i am just packing to move to nyc !	wow that is awesome where from	i am originally from california though !	o ok well i hope you like it . i could never move there	how come ? i am moving to nyc for modeling !
contra-0856	hello good evening . how are you doing ?	i am doing pretty good . how about yourself ?	hello good evening . how are you doing ?	i am doing pretty good . how about yourself ?	i am doing good . how old are you ?	that is good . i am 20 years old . how about you ?	i am 24 years old . getting old lol	nah . not at all . lol . i wish i were older some days .	i wish i was 20 years old good ages .	yeah , no real complaints here except i wish to travel still .	do you like to travel ?	here and there , although i have never left tennessee .	where is this tennessee is it a country ?	it is in the usa . it is a state . where are you from ?
contra-0857	hello , how are you doing this afternoon ?	i am doing great , how are you ?	hello , how are you doing this afternoon ?	i am doing great , how are you ?	i am well , thank you ! i am listening to oldies . i love this genre .	i am a metallica fan , myself . ready for winter ?	i am ! i love winter ! i like summer too . . . trying new bbq restaurants .	winter is my favorite , i love running in the snow .	i love playing racquetball . do you play any sports ?	i do not . i work for a consulting firm , what do you do ?	i am actually looking forward to retirement soon . only five years to go !	i cannot wait until i retire , i am going to travel .	that will be so much fun . i am looking forward to doing the same .	where are you going first ? i am on the first flight out of wisconsin .
contra-0858	hi how are you today ?	hello there i am fine and you ?	hi how are you today ?
contra-0859	hello how are you tonight ?	i am good ! practicing my singing for my career	hello how are you tonight ?	i am good ! practicing my singing for my career	oh cool . i work with wood . carpenter actually	cool ! you could build sets for me when i become an actress	absolutely . singing comes with the party . i quit the drink over 5 years now .	congratulations ! as a single lady i drink more than i should on blind dates	settle . have a family . kids , my wife gave me 3
contra-0860	hello ! i am so happy it is finally fall !	i am too , it really is my favorite season !	hello ! i am so happy it is finally fall !	i am too , it really is my favorite season !	mine too ! the weather is so perfect for ultimate frisbee .	it is also the best season for fashions , my future goals include being a designer !	my future goal is to find a girlfriend for timothy , my turtle .	aww so sweet ! i have put relationships on hold , but someday i see kids in my life .	i am not ready for a relationship right now , even though i love people .	i raised myself with my parents gone , then was caught stealing , so i am working on me .	i am doing the same .	i have a rocky background too , my best friend stole my high school sweetheart .	aww . how horrible . the man i love lives in another state , 1800 miles away .	that sounds hard . you should take things one day at a time , like me .	i do . i am focusing on me .
contra-0861	hi i am darlene and my family comes from canada .	hello how are you today ?	hi i am darlene and my family comes from canada .	hello how are you today ?	i am good , i love music especially country , how about you ?	i love to wake up before the sun shines .	i am a late sleeper but my favorite drink happens to be iced tea , do you have one ?	i love creating kids pop up books .	sounds like a lot of fun , i enjoy web design , the coding part of it .	my town population is only 2000 people .
contra-0862	hello how are you today ?	i am doing well . glad that monday is done and over with . how are you ?	hello how are you today ?	i am doing well . glad that monday is done and over with . how are you ?	good what kind of music do you like ? i am really into music myself !	i really like pop and rock music . how about you ?	i like pink floyd but other kids my age not not into them .	i am sure there are kids your age who likes pink floyd	not around here . it is all country , rap or a weird fusion of the two .	oh . do you currently work , or in school ?	i am still in middle school . are you still in school ?	yes , i am in college . i am looking to be a fashion designer . how about you ?	i want to be an actor when i get older .	are you in drama theatre in school ?	of course i have been in school plays for years ! i got the lead this year .
contra-0863	i love animals ! how about you !	me too ! how are you today ?	i love animals ! how about you !	me too ! how are you today ?	i am a bit busy but i love to meet people .	great ! what is your favorite animal ? i love riding horses on my dads farm	i love turtles ! i just bought one .	awe , i love turtles too . any hobbies ?	i love to play ultimate frisbee
contra-0864	hey there how are you today ?	i am great how are you ?	hey there how are you today ?	i am great how are you ?	like bbq ? i love bbq a lot
contra-0865	hey , are you a student , i traveled a lot , i even studied abroad	no , i work full time at a nursing home . i am a nurses aide .	hey , are you a student , i traveled a lot , i even studied abroad	no , i work full time at a nursing home . i am a nurses aide .	nice , i just got a advertising job myself . do you like your job ?	nice . yes i do . caring for people is the joy of my life .	nice my best friend is a nurse , i knew him since kindergarten	very cool . do you have pets ?	no i do not , do you ?	yes . two dogs and a cat . they are my babies .	nice , where do you live ? i resign in north dakota	i live in texas . i love riding my bike here .	are you a christian ? i am jewish	yes i am . i have always been a christian .
contra-0866	hi there ! where are you from ?	mississippi . best jazz around ! how about you ?	hi there ! where are you from ?	mississippi . best jazz around ! how about you ?
contra-0867	hey there how are you doing today ?	am am fine thanks you	hey there how are you doing today ?	am am fine thanks you	i am good , just getting off work	ok how was work good i hope	it was good , sitting at a computer all day is hard . you have a job ?	yes do care giver not too bad	what do you like to do for fun ?	i like to go fishing	that is fun . i like to watch the news and read . a lot	that great i watch some new all so	which station do you watch ?
contra-0868	how are you doing tonight ?	hello ! i love ice cream and movies ! ! ! !	how are you doing tonight ?	hello ! i love ice cream and movies ! ! ! !
contra-0869	hi there , ohio state buckeye fan here , how are you ?	doing good just watching some soccer i use to play	hi there , ohio state buckeye fan here , how are you ?	doing good just watching some soccer i use to play	i am a gardener , which is good since i cant swim , water is terrifying .	i have not been swimming since i graduated last year from college	what color do you like best ? mine is purple , like in a rainbow .	mine is orange i eat alot of orange candy	i like oranges ! i went to ohio state and studied horticulture .
contra-0870	hey how are you today ?	hello . i am well . how are you doing ?	hey how are you today ?	hello . i am well . how are you doing ?	i am okay , i just finished with my child for schooling .	interesting . where are you from ?	i am from italy . i love the early mornings .	i want to visit italy one day .	you should you would enjoy it .
contra-0871	hi ! how are you today ?	i am good just doing what i always do , spending time online	hi ! how are you today ?	i am good just doing what i always do , spending time online	that is awesome , i am taking a break from painting	my friend is a painter here in texas ! we met at a furry convention
contra-0872	how is your day going ? i am just an old tired man	it is okay . thankfully , i did not have court today .	how is your day going ? i am just an old tired man	it is okay . thankfully , i did not have court today .	well that is good news	it is . columbus day is still celebrated here in oklahoma , even us natives must observe .	that is great , i was in the military for a long time	i was not , i raise dogs and horses	i lost one of my legs in war but i have a cool modded wheelchair	i am so sorry that happened . need an attorney ?	my wheelchair is really fast and can go over many terrains .	cool ! i am an atheist .	no thank you , i am good . va has helped tremendously	i have had success in litigating cases against the va .
contra-0873	hello , my name is suzanne and you ?	hello , i am patrick . how are you ?	hello , my name is suzanne and you ?	hello , i am patrick . how are you ?
contra-0874	i am getting hungry , how about you ?	i just ate with my two boys . i am a single mom .	i am getting hungry , how about you ?	i just ate with my two boys . i am a single mom .
contra-0875	hi how are you ? i like to build things as a hobby .	hi ! i hope you are having a lovely night . i like listening to tim mcgraw	hi how are you ? i like to build things as a hobby .	hi ! i hope you are having a lovely night . i like listening to tim mcgraw
contra-0876	hey , how are you doing ? want some granola ?	sure ! i am starring in a play i wrote . can you sing or skate ? i can .	hey , how are you doing ? want some granola ?	sure ! i am starring in a play i wrote . can you sing or skate ? i can .	i can cut hairs . that is mostly it .	hmmm . interesting . i model gloves and sing sappy jingles . i surf too . you surf ?	i like my fish babies , and their fancy fish house .	wow ! i am leaving virginia to move to ny next year . i am from california . you ?	it is a secret . i want to keep my sons safe .	okay . you would be a great voice over actor . what color are the fish ?	all different colors . i am sure you would love them	great ! i wish i could sing better . you sing or model ? i was born in california . you ?
contra-0877	hi , how are you ? i am really thirsty , but water scares me .	hey . that is a terrible conundrum !	hi , how are you ? i am really thirsty , but water scares me .	hey . that is a terrible conundrum !	the plants in my garden are dying from lack of water . please help .	wish i could . i keep a large garden as well .	will you help me ?	i am a little busy . i teach a college class in biology .	that makes me so sad .	maybe when i am free . i like walking in my spare time .	if we do not walk by water i would walk with you	sure . i also love travelling . been to six countries already !	have you been to ohio ?	yes , but ohio is not a country , you know ?	yes , but , i love ohio state so i was curious . i am not stupid .	haha . i did not say that . ohio is a great state !
contra-0878	hello there . where are you from ?	i am from california , but soon i am moving to ny	hello there . where are you from ?	i am from california , but soon i am moving to ny	very interesting . why are you moving ?	my modeling career is taking off . i model and design golf outfits	that is fantastic . good luck !	thank you , but my true passion is surfing and skating	where is your favorite place to surf in ca ?	surf and skate land ? is not that a song ? i can not sing well	interesting . i enjoy cycling and football .	i cycled once . i was not very good	are you ready for the cold and snow in ny ?
contra-0879	hello , how are you today	hi . i am so tired from work . how are you ?	hello , how are you today	hi . i am so tired from work . how are you ?	tired as well , kids get me busy in my kindergarten class	are you a teacher ? my youngest is in kindergarten .	yes i am a teacher , i just started 2 years ago after finishing college	that is nice . i would go back to school but my husband works nights .	i can barely pay bills on teacher salary .	it is hard to pay bills here too . we work different shifts to avoid daycare bills .	it is hard feeding my one cat sometimes	i have a cat , too ! i just love them .
contra-0880	most of my day is spent at school , how about you ?	i am an avid skater and surfer . but i get paid to model and act .	most of my day is spent at school , how about you ?	i am an avid skater and surfer . but i get paid to model and act .	under the sea is where i live .	sounds exotic . i live in florida but in 2018 will be living in manhattan .	i am an explorer and i consider sea creatures to be my friends .	ok . do you sing to the fish ? i am not a good singer .	manhattan will definitely be a culture shock .	true but i love fashion and shopping . have any hobbies ?	i am not much of a singer either .	what do you like , except school and sea creatures ?	i enjoy having dinner with my family , how about you ?	i like that too . traveling and eating out are great .	for sure , i like hanging out with friends as well .	looking forward to christmas time . love shopping for presents .	christmas is my most favorite time of the year .	have any favorite christmas movies ?
contra-0881	i am from a large family with 6 sisters and us 2 boys .	do you have any plans this weekend ?	i am from a large family with 6 sisters and us 2 boys .	do you have any plans this weekend ?	just work part time for the restaurant my mother owns .	i am going hunting this weekend .
contra-0882	hi . what are you up to tonight ?	i am just doing a bit of cleaning . my turtle , timothy , needs his tank cleaned .	hi . what are you up to tonight ?	i am just doing a bit of cleaning . my turtle , timothy , needs his tank cleaned .	my son wanted a cat but i am allergic so we have a turtle named kitten	that is so funny ! i have a cat named cricket ! lol	are you allergic to crickets ? lol	fortunately , not ! just an interesting tidbit to add in when meeting new people .	i live in the middle of nowhere crickets everywhere ! that would be a bad allergy !	yes , it would be ! my parents live in the middle of the ocean . . . bora bora	that sounds really exciting ! i love making jewelry with sea glass from vacations	what a neat hobby ! i spend my time playing ultimate frisbee	my kids homeschool group is really in to ultimate frisbee . i am not that coordinated .
contra-0883	hi there , ohio state buckeye fan here , how are you ?
contra-0884	hi ! i am going shopping for college clothes in the morning .	oh that is very nice ! what willl you buy there	hi ! i am going shopping for college clothes in the morning .	oh that is very nice ! what willl you buy there	clothes . i am going to auburn for med school .	i like to go shopping with my two sons	are they in high school ? i am a senior .	what do you eat for breakfast ?	my first meal is lunch , or a glass of milk .	yes . one of them in high school and 1 of them in middle school .	nice ! i wonder if the oldest goes to my school .	i enjoy to eat granola because it tastes good	i like soup and salads . i am watching my weight .	the oldest is going to san leandro high school	oh , nope . that is not my school . does he drive a vw ?	no , he does not drive a vw . do you drive to school ?
contra-0885	i have a question for you . . . do you believe in magic ? ?	hmm like harry potter magic or like card tricks
contra-0886	hi , i am an rn and my dog is pedro .	hi i blog about rabbit rescues and compete as a body builder .	hi , i am an rn and my dog is pedro .	hi i blog about rabbit rescues and compete as a body builder .	you have any pets ? i can make , cook and eat muffins all day . you sing ?	no cooking i live with my little sister , also i do not sing but love tim mcgraw .	wow ! i stand five feet , single and sell stuff online .	that is awesome i buy many things online , mostly of my idol theodore roosevelt .	get out ! mine too ! i have the best recipe for rabbit gumbo . i am an author .	what type of books do you write ?	cookbooks ! and thank you for asking . i love pedro but he is getting old .
contra-0887	hello , how are you today ?	fine how are you on this cold day ?	hello , how are you today ?	fine how are you on this cold day ?	excited , i am going hunting this weekend and the weather is great for it	i love to play my guitar when i am not working as a batista .	what music do you play ? i love church music	gospel music , i share an apartment with my two brothers in chicago .	that is great ! family is so important , i am glad mine are just down the street	that is good , my parents reside in arkansas .	arkansas is a great state , i enjoy that the south is more conservative	i have eight tattoos on my back .	what are they tattoos of ? i have one of the ford logo
contra-0888	hi my name is lauren . i like to gamble and play games . what about you	hi i am david . i love to play poker and run .	hi my name is lauren . i like to gamble and play games . what about you	hi i am david . i love to play poker and run .	i also enjoy poker . i like running but prefer swimming	what do you do for a living ?	i am an animal care tech , what do you do ?	i am just going to college for now .	that is cool , whats your major ? where do you live ?	i live in tennessee and i am majoring in education to become a teacher .	very nice . what grade would you like to teach ? i like in new jersey	i would prefer to teach elementary education .	that is cool , i am sure you will achieve your goal	i hope so . so do you like to listen to music ?	i love all music , but i am not a fan of country or jazz though , you ?	i enjoy a lot of pop and rock . my favorite is ed sheeran	i enjoy him too . i love shape of you and sing by him .	cool . those are some of my favorites as well .
contra-0889	hello , how are you doing tonight ?	i am well an loving this interaction how are you ?	hello , how are you doing tonight ?	i am well an loving this interaction how are you ?	i am great . i just got back from the club .	this is my favorite time of the year season wise
contra-0890	hi there ! how are you ? tell me something interesting about you !	hi , i am good . i live near the mountains and have 3 cats and 2 dogs	hi there ! how are you ? tell me something interesting about you !	hi , i am good . i live near the mountains and have 3 cats and 2 dogs
contra-0891	hello ! good evening . how are you ?	i am doing well . how about yourself ?	hello ! good evening . how are you ?	i am doing well . how about yourself ?	i am doing well a bit tired .	what did you do today ?	i cleaned my home . what about you ?	i took my dogs to the dog park .	how many dogs do you have ?	i have two . a husky and a pitbull .	aww husky . i studied at uconn so we were husky	lol awesome . what did you study ?	business administration i finished it .	sweet . what do you do with your degree ?	i just finished and now i am looking for a job . what about you ?	i work at a local animal shelter . i want to go to school to be a vet .	wow that is perfect . wish you the best .	thanks so much ! what do you like to do ?
contra-0892	hello . how are you on this fine day ?	i am wonderful thank you . what do you like ?	hello . how are you on this fine day ?
contra-0893	what do you like to do ?	animal lover living in the mountain area who teaches	what do you like to do ?	animal lover living in the mountain area who teaches	i am wanting to learn how to draw do you like the arts ?	i do actually most performance art tho . some abstract	i like nature and hiking	that sounds exciting where do you hike ?	and i love hiking in the mountains too where i write and read poetry	you can defiantly find quiet places for that there	do you like to cook ? i will try any kind of food at least once	i can do it but not my passion . do you know barry manila ?	barry manilow you mean ? yes i know of him
contra-0894	hi how are you doing today ?	am fine and just preparing to go and watch a movie	hi how are you doing today ?	am fine and just preparing to go and watch a movie	what movie ? i do not watch much movies since i am a busy nurse .	am going to watch a war movie with my friend at my place	used to watch with my dad . but not anymore since we do not get along .	why ? is it because you got a boy friend ?	no . is that something that happens though ? !	okay is he rude or just ignores you ?	he is just a mean old man . he hates cats . but then again so do i .	so how about your mum	i like her . do you like onions ? i love them ! i am making onion soup .	yes i love it especially on a very cold day	anything interesting about you you want to tell me ?	am a giant woman and even some men fear me	oh wow . that is indeed interesting ! anything else ?	would you like to meet me or i have scared you
contra-0895	hello , how are you tonight ?	hey ! bored waiting to go to my boring job . how are you ?	hello , how are you tonight ?	hey ! bored waiting to go to my boring job . how are you ?	hello , i am okay . watching the lord of the rings .	you like that movie ? that sounds way better than going to mcdonalds for 8 hours .	i do , it is my favorite . i feel you , i have two part time jobs .	yeah doing what ? hard to live on your on with no support from parents .	i work retail and i also wait tables .	i bet that keeps you busy . i am trying to find a new job but its tough .	it is , i am trying as well .	would be easier if i had more support from family .	do they live close to you ?	my aunt and uncle but my parents do not want anything to do with me .	i know the feeling , my mother and i do not get along either .	yeah it is tough they disowned me at age 12 and now i am 20	i am so sorry to hear that .
contra-0896	hi how are you doing tonight ?	not so well with this cold in weather in ohio ? you	hi how are you doing tonight ?	not so well with this cold in weather in ohio ? you
contra-0897	hello there , how are you	i am doing great , how are you ?	hello there , how are you	i am doing great , how are you ?	i am okay , just listening to some country music and knitting	nice , sounds like my hobbies too , believe it or not . do you work ?	i cannot because of my disability . do you	yes , i came from paraguay 10 years ago , perfected my english and now i am an engineer .	oh wow , how impressive . where is paraguay ?
contra-0898	hi , how are you , how is doing	how are you doing i am fine thank you .	hi , how are you , how is doing	how are you doing i am fine thank you .	i am ok , what your hobbies	i love doing make up hair and i am a great cook .	you like sing , i like sing very much	i used to be employed in a nursing unit . yes singing i sing great .	i am a model from new york	i wished i could model i like to go bike riding .	fine thanks nice talking to you	you to a model is a great job i like to take care of folks .
contra-0899	howdy how are you doing tonight i am okay thanks you jesus .	i am doing great . just thinking about my parents . they died years ago	howdy how are you doing tonight i am okay thanks you jesus .	i am doing great . just thinking about my parents . they died years ago	i am so sorry my dad died too when i was in my early twenty	i am really sorry to hear that . what do you do for fun ?	i love doing make up and hair also great cook .	terrific . my favorite thing to do is dance .	me too i enjoy riding my bike outside .	where do you live ? i am from edris island .	i have a grown daughter and two grand kids . i live in jersey .	my sister lives with me . i also have a dog .	i also like to enjoy caring for people that is cool .	it is ! what do you look like ?
contra-0900	hey do you like classical music ? i love bach	bach is quite lovely . i enjoy listening to it with my friends here in the sea !	hey do you like classical music ? i love bach	bach is quite lovely . i enjoy listening to it with my friends here in the sea !
contra-0901	hello , how are you this evening ?	i am doing great . just watching a movie .	hello , how are you this evening ?	i am doing great . just watching a movie .	that is fun ! where did you work in high school ? i worked at hollister .	i worked at dairy queen . i am in school now .	ah , cool . i skate for a living .	what kind of skating do you do ?	skateboarding . i like to play music for fun . my genre is bluegrass .	i used to skateboard . now i just study and play video games .	those are fun activities . do you like chips ? i cannot stand them .	i love chips so much . what food do you like ?
contra-0902	hello , how are you doing ?	pretty good . listening to barry manila now	hello , how are you doing ?	pretty good . listening to barry manila now	does he require more postage to be sent ?	do you have pets ? i have 2 dogs and a few cats	there are a few dogs that live on the rez , but none of them are mine personally	oh so are you an american indian ?	i am indeed ! cherokee all the way baby	it is nice to be so into your heritage	thank you i might overcompensate since i cannot really get into the spiritual side of it	you need to be true to yourself .	true that . i am super short and scared of heights , so i guess those are fairly consistent	ha . do you like animals ? i have a lot of pets
contra-0903	how are you doing today ?	i am great ! how are you doing on this fine evening ?	how are you doing today ?	i am great ! how are you doing on this fine evening ?
contra-0904	hello , how are you tonight ?
contra-0905	hello ! how are you tonight ?	hello ! very well , and yourself ?	hello ! how are you tonight ?
contra-0906	hi how are you doing	very good , how are you today ?	hi how are you doing	very good , how are you today ?
contra-0907	hi there , how are you tonight ?	great , i just finished a huge steak how are you ?	hi there , how are you tonight ?
contra-0908	hey there how are you ?	i am doing great ! just eating dinner .	hey there how are you ?	i am doing great ! just eating dinner .	just got my nails done in my fav color	wow , i bet they look nice .	like sports ? love the buckeyes	i love sports too ! i enjoy camping .	yes they actually do look nice , the girls all ask at work	that is good . i have to drive my mom to work tomorrow .	i hate the ocean , swimming or anything with water	i like the ocean . i like camping and hiking better .
contra-0909	hello , how are you today ?	great ! just got back from a run . what about you ?	hello , how are you today ?
contra-0910	hey , how is it going out there ? people are nervous over here .	are you at a mall or something	hey , how is it going out there ? people are nervous over here .	are you at a mall or something	no , but i am stationed in south korea . where you at ?	i am in australia . are you in the military ?	yeah , us army . what do you do down under ?	i like my hobbies . i am kind of boring	boring is not always bad . what are your hobbies ?	i teach my kids at home and like crafts	nice ! i like kids , but i do not think i would be a good dad .	why do you think that	i think i am enjoying the stress here too much . i kind of want to fight .	are you an aggressive individual ?	in a word . good for the army . not so good for family . dad was the same .
contra-0911	how are you doing tonight ?	i am good , how about you ? had dinner yet ?	how are you doing tonight ?	i am good , how about you ? had dinner yet ?	good good , i am good . yes , i had chicken and rice . what about you ?	wow , me , too . mine was portuguese style .	i am not familiar . do you have a diet you stick to ?	my mother was a nurse in the army and she taught me to cook .	whats your favorite thing to cook ?	clams steamed with potatoes , sausage , and spices .
contra-0912	most of my day is spent at school , how about you ?	i am an avid skater and surfer . but i get paid to model and act .	most of my day is spent at school , how about you ?	i am an avid skater and surfer . but i get paid to model and act .	under the sea is where i live .	sounds exotic . i live in florida but in 2018 will be living in manhattan .	i am an explorer and i consider sea creatures to be my friends .	ok . do you sing to the fish ? i am not a good singer .	manhattan will definitely be a culture shock .	true but i love fashion and shopping . have any hobbies ?	i am not much of a singer either .	what do you like , except school and sea creatures ?	i enjoy having dinner with my family , how about you ?	i like that too . traveling and eating out are great .	for sure , i like hanging out with friends as well .	looking forward to christmas time . love shopping for presents .	christmas is my most favorite time of the year .	have any favorite christmas movies ?
contra-0913	hi , how are you today ?	i am well . just finishing up making some barbecue . i love it .	hi , how are you today ?
contra-0914	hi here i am in sunny california . where do you live ?
contra-0915	hello , i love fashion and hope to be a doctor one day . you ?	hello , i am an accountant from ohio . i have two boys and i am single .	hello , i love fashion and hope to be a doctor one day . you ?	hello , i am an accountant from ohio . i have two boys and i am single .
contra-0916	hi this is josh . just got out of class . i am a law student .	hi josh , i am frank . i am on leave from the army .	hi this is josh . just got out of class . i am a law student .	hi josh , i am frank . i am on leave from the army .
contra-0917	sorry i took so long . there was a bug on my keyboard . i hate bugs .	good evening how are you tonight ?	sorry i took so long . there was a bug on my keyboard . i hate bugs .	good evening how are you tonight ?	better now that the bug is gone and my bacon is done cooking	i do not like bugs either but bacon is good .	what are you up to tonight ?	muffins are my favorite food .	i wanted muffins but i could not find a good recipe in english , only french	i am just watching a movie and eating muffins .	i am listening to bach and editing some engineering sketches . wild night over here .	i am in the healthcare field so i am just chilling tonight .
contra-0918	hello . . . how are you today ?	i am great . just cuddling with my two cats . . and you ?	hello . . . how are you today ?	i am great . just cuddling with my two cats . . and you ?	i am doing quite well . . . i am allergic to cats and mangoes .	that sucks . i am writing a romance novel . what are your hobbies ?	i like collecting civil war antiques . i am also a dog groomer .	i reside on an island far away and it has made me an introvert .	oh my . . . . i guess we are both a bit eccentric . are you married ?
contra-0919	hi my name is lauren , and i live in new jersey . where do you live	near an army base . my mother is a nurse for the army	hi my name is lauren , and i live in new jersey . where do you live
contra-0920	hi , i am pretty shy , tell me about yourself ?	hi well i am good with my hands . i build things like this tiki mask	hi , i am pretty shy , tell me about yourself ?	hi well i am good with my hands . i build things like this tiki mask	i also like to build , i built a model spaceship once	my wife divorced me but the kids like me better because i build things	well do you work ? do you have a degree to sustain yourself ?	i built models when i was a kid . now i sculpt and mold and carve	nice , i specialize in computer science degree so i mostly mold 3d images	customer service . i am looking for a new job . i hate sitting still all day
contra-0921	i am waiting on my pizza to get here and i am getting excited . how are you ?	i am excited that my girls finally all went to sleep so i can relax	i am waiting on my pizza to get here and i am getting excited . how are you ?	i am excited that my girls finally all went to sleep so i can relax	i tend to stutter when i get excited so i hope the cute chick is not delivering	maybe just smile and give a good tip if that happens	i never have time to relax . i wish i did but i am always on the go .	were you born in the late was like i was ?	i am not sure what you mean but i cant wait for this pizza , its my favorite	i do not know what i mean either . i know i love heart though	my mom owns a restaurant and i work there but we do not make pizza	you should start since you love it so much .	all 5 of my older sisters and my younger brother work there . its a family thing	oh nice . i wonder if my 3 girls would ever go into business with me	i meant 6 older sisters . they would be offended by me saying 5
contra-0922	hello brah , hows it hanging ?	hey there ! its going alright , how about you ? how was your day ?	hello brah , hows it hanging ?	hey there ! its going alright , how about you ? how was your day ?	my day was wicked sweet bro ham , just got done having a gnarly skate sesh .	spending time outside is great , i have never been much of a skater . any other hobbies ?	i like , totally love playing blue grass music , what about you ?
contra-0923	hi there . how are you today ?	just fine enjoying cool weather as i walked a mile today .	hi there . how are you today ?	just fine enjoying cool weather as i walked a mile today .
contra-0924	hello good evening . how are you doing ?	i am doing pretty good . how about yourself ?	hello good evening . how are you doing ?	i am doing pretty good . how about yourself ?	i am doing good . how old are you ?	that is good . i am 20 years old . how about you ?	i am 24 years old . getting old lol	nah . not at all . lol . i wish i were older some days .	i wish i was 20 years old good ages .	yeah , no real complaints here except i wish to travel still .	do you like to travel ?	here and there , although i have never left tennessee .
contra-0925	hello , how are you doing this afternoon ?	i am doing great , how are you ?	hello , how are you doing this afternoon ?
contra-0926	i am so short	really ? how short are you ?	i am so short	really ? how short are you ?	five foot and it stinks . i cannot reach anything !	do you have something there to help you ?	well i guess my dog pedro could help me	my girlfriend is pretty short also	i used to think my muffin intake would make me grow	muffins are good travel food , i eat them on adventures	where do you work ? is traveling your job ?
contra-0927	christmas is my favorite holiday , almost time to start decorating
contra-0928	hey ! . nice to meet you . me and my folks are currently in arkansas . you ?	i am from all over . i just cannot stay still so i move a lot .	hey ! . nice to meet you . me and my folks are currently in arkansas . you ?
contra-0929	hi that how are you ? just got off work here .	i am ok . where do you work ? i write romance books	hi that how are you ? just got off work here .	i am ok . where do you work ? i write romance books	hair creator here . or that is what call it . lol	i have introvert tendencies but always get out to get my hair made	most people do . i have found the older you get the more you stay home	true statement . the older i do get the more i do not like humans .
contra-0930	hi there . i am lucy . what is your name ?	my name is jason . how are you ?	hi there . i am lucy . what is your name ?	my name is jason . how are you ?	i am doing well . i just got off work i am a secretary at my office .	oh i see . i am a single female , 32 , i do the same job .	i am single too . i graduated college a year ago . i played soccer there .	what position ? i played soccer in high school , i want to cook for a living	i was a goalie . they were strict about our diet . it sucked because i love candy .
contra-0931	hello , how are you tonight ? i am looking at the fishing maps .	well the weather definitely is good for fishing .	hello , how are you tonight ? i am looking at the fishing maps .
contra-0932	hello . how are you tonight ? i am just doing a bit of web design .	i am good , just lifting weights	hello . how are you tonight ? i am just doing a bit of web design .
contra-0933	hello i am sam how are you ?	i am scared of heights	hello i am sam how are you ?	i am scared of heights	do not blame you they are scary	you like religion ? i do not	no not at all . do you workout ?	i do lawyer work lol i am the lawyer	oh if i ever need one i can give you a call	i am here , like tall buildings ?	from afar lol i am in the medical field
contra-0934	how are you doing today	i am great ! i am sarah ! how are you today ?	how are you doing today	i am great ! i am sarah ! how are you today ?
contra-0935	hello ! this should be fun as i write for a living !	hi . that is awesome . i am in beauty school to be a hair dresser .	hello ! this should be fun as i write for a living !	hi . that is awesome . i am in beauty school to be a hair dresser .	that is a great career . do you get good tips ?	do not really know yet . no one has complained about my hair cuts yet .	that is good . i have pets who would complain everytime	i have exotic fish . what kind of pets do you have	there are multiple cats and one dog name skinner	we cant let your cats anywhere near my aquarium . what do you like to eat ?	i am big into dieting and writing diet cook books so a variety	i am a creature of habit . granola and breakfast go together .	absolutely ! do you exercise to go with it ?
contra-0936	hello , how are you tonight ?	hey ! bored waiting to go to my boring job . how are you ?	hello , how are you tonight ?
contra-0937	i am very creative , i love taking on diy projects .	i am not very crafty but i like to write	i am very creative , i love taking on diy projects .	i am not very crafty but i like to write	i like staying active . i walk at least a mile everyday .	wow . i like to work out too . we can be friends	i like staying active . i walk at least a mile everyday .
contra-0938	hello , what is your favorite musician ? mine is john denver	do you like eggplant parmigiana , it is my favorite	hello , what is your favorite musician ? mine is john denver	do you like eggplant parmigiana , it is my favorite	yeah they are the best , i eat them at my horse ranch	country road take me home is my favorite song .	nice , i love music , and my horses do too , i love working with them	charlie is the name of my dog , mom and dad is in australia	well do they have horses in australia ?
contra-0939	hello , how are you today ?	fine how are you on this cold day ?	hello , how are you today ?	fine how are you on this cold day ?	excited , i am going hunting this weekend and the weather is great for it	i love to play my guitar when i am not working as a batista .	what music do you play ? i love church music	gospel music , i share an apartment with my two brothers in chicago .
contra-0940	its fall ! finally time for the snow to come ! !	i am from australia so i lobe a good snowfall	its fall ! finally time for the snow to come ! !	i am from australia so i lobe a good snowfall	i love australia . i went there to see metallica once ! !
contra-0941	hello , how are you tonight ?	i am fine and you let us chat and get to know about each other some .	hello , how are you tonight ?
contra-0942	hi , what did you do today ?	hey ! a bunch of consulting for a large food service provider you ?	hi , what did you do today ?
contra-0943	hello i love living in new york
contra-0944	hi . how are you ? my name is joanna	i am doing well . my name is rachel . yourself ?	hi . how are you ? my name is joanna	i am doing well . my name is rachel . yourself ?
contra-0945	i am male , divorce , 6 grandchildren , ex named doug .	nice to meet you doug . i am lucy	i am male , divorce , 6 grandchildren , ex named doug .	nice to meet you doug . i am lucy	hi , i have schwinn bike and work in old folks home . you ?	i am a secretary at an office . nothing too exciting	oh okay . my children and dogs are exciting .	that is awesome . i love animals	i have a cat named grace .	that is a beautiful name for an animal
contra-0946	hi ! do you enjoy walking ? i am going out for a walk in my garden	i do enjoy walking ! i love to put my headphones on and walk around .	hi ! do you enjoy walking ? i am going out for a walk in my garden	i do enjoy walking ! i love to put my headphones on and walk around .	my college students always have headphones in . drives me nuts !	music is my bread and butter , i like surrounding myself with music . what do you teach ?	biology is my subject . it is fascinating	wow , that is cool , you must be very smart . i work at petsmart right now	i gained a lot of knowledge during my travels through europe	what is your favorite place to visit in europe ?	italy , austria , switzerland , france , germany , poland , so many !	my father was chief of police in france , i have been there a lot !	that is awesome ! i have been on many nice walks in france . do you like to walk ?	i love walking , i like to blast nirvana on my ipod and get moving !	sounds like fun ! do you have any other hobbies ?	i am actually in a nirvana cover band , i play bass .
contra-0947	i have the world record for the most tattoos	that is awesome ! i am retiring in five years .	i have the world record for the most tattoos	that is awesome ! i am retiring in five years .
contra-0948	hi , do you like bbq ?	hello yes i love bbq	hi , do you like bbq ?	hello yes i love bbq	i love restaurants with bbq , they are a lot of fun .	my poor toes are so webbed	really ? afterwards , i go and play racquetball to loose some calories .	cool i like to paint	what do you do as a profession ? i work as administrative assistant	i dig in people trash for things to build	sounds unique but that is more of a hobby instead of a profession	true . i paint for a living
contra-0949	hi , how are you today ?	i am good ! do you have any hobbies ?	hi , how are you today ?
contra-0950	hello how are you today	i am doing well , and you ?	hello how are you today	i am doing well , and you ?	i am doing great ! its my favorite time of the year	mine as well , i plan to walk my two dogs later today	what kind of dogs do you have ? the only pet i have is a turtle	i have a german shepards , what is your turtles name ?	his name is tim . german shepards are the cutest dogs	yes they are . what do you do for a living ?	i run my parents business while they live in bora bora	that is very nice of you . what kind of business is it ?	they run a travel agency . i love it cause i meet so many people
contra-0951	hi , how are you doing today ?	doing good . just got in from playing basketball love sports	hi , how are you doing today ?	doing good . just got in from playing basketball love sports	how nice ! i am too short to play basketball .	aww i am also studying education in college	education is a great industry . i work in healthcare .	my mother is a nurse great vocation	what year are you in college ?	i am a senior being 22 i am almost done !	congratulations . do you have nay pets ?	i have one cat named radar and you ?	a white poodle named pedro . we are best friends .	aww sweet some of my friends have dogs i enjoy being with them	cats are cool too . is radar affectionate ?	yes he likes to follow me around	that sounds nice . pedro ignores me unless we are at the beach .
contra-0952	how are you you tonight ? i am working on some crafts as we talk .	nice , is that what you always do after dinner ?	how are you you tonight ? i am working on some crafts as we talk .	nice , is that what you always do after dinner ?	usually . it is preparation for tomorrow . i homeschool my kid .	i spend all most all day in a school with my sea creature friends .	are you a fish ? i like fish . i am allergic to most other animals , like cats .
contra-0953	good evening how are you ?	i am doing ok and you	good evening how are you ?	i am doing ok and you	i am fine hanging in there playing video games	cool what are you playing
contra-0954	good afternoon , how are you today ?	i am great . i am watching one tree hill . that is my favorite show	good afternoon , how are you today ?	i am great . i am watching one tree hill . that is my favorite show	very cool . i am watching a video of my favorite band , simple plan .	is it the video where they are wearing purple ? best color ever	i was watching the other one actually .	the one at the hospital ? i am a nurse at a pediatric one	i work at the animal shelter downtown .	i do not believe in sheltering animals . i am a catholic	sadly they need a home . we work hard to find them one .	you could make them into a pizza . i love to eat pizza so i would buy	i doubt that would go over well .
contra-0955	hello , i love fashion and hope to be a doctor one day . you ?	hello , i am an accountant from ohio . i have two boys and i am single .
contra-0956	hi how are you today	hey there i am fine and you ?	hi how are you today
contra-0957	hello brah , hows it hanging ?	hey there ! its going alright , how about you ? how was your day ?	hello brah , hows it hanging ?	hey there ! its going alright , how about you ? how was your day ?
contra-0958	hello , how are you tonight ?	eating some yummy eggplant parmigiana . it is so good .	hello , how are you tonight ?
contra-0959	hi how are you today	good . tired , i was teaching kindergarten most of the day .	hi how are you today	good . tired , i was teaching kindergarten most of the day .
contra-0960	how are you doing today ?	i am great ! how are you doing on this fine evening ?	how are you doing today ?	i am great ! how are you doing on this fine evening ?
contra-0961	how are you ? where are you from ? i am a male from texas , 28 years old .	okay , is this a speed dating thing ?	how are you ? where are you from ? i am a male from texas , 28 years old .
contra-0962	hey there how is it going	hi . not too bad . how about you	hey there how is it going	hi . not too bad . how about you	i am having a great day	glad to hear it . do you like dogs ?	i prefer horses over dogs	yeah dogs scare me . i prefer horses too	i fell off my horse now i my left leg hurts me	hope youre okay . i just turned 32 and am still single . that hurts too haha	i never shave my facial hair	to each their own . i love to read . do you ?	i like romance movies and books	romance ones are my favorite too !	yes i agree with you	i aspire to be a chef someday .	i also want to be a professional chef one day	what else do you do for fun . i read tarot cards
contra-0963	hi , i am an rn and my dog is pedro .	hi i blog about rabbit rescues and compete as a body builder .	hi , i am an rn and my dog is pedro .	hi i blog about rabbit rescues and compete as a body builder .	you have any pets ? i can make , cook and eat muffins all day . you sing ?	no cooking i live with my little sister , also i do not sing but love tim mcgraw .	wow ! i stand five feet , single and sell stuff online .	that is awesome i buy many things online , mostly of my idol theodore roosevelt .	get out ! mine too ! i have the best recipe for rabbit gumbo . i am an author .
contra-0964	hi how are you ? my left leg is in pain daily .	ouch , why is it painful ?	hi how are you ? my left leg is in pain daily .
contra-0965	hi how are you doing today ?	am fine and just preparing to go and watch a movie	hi how are you doing today ?	am fine and just preparing to go and watch a movie	what movie ? i do not watch much movies since i am a busy nurse .	am going to watch a war movie with my friend at my place	used to watch with my dad . but not anymore since we do not get along .	why ? is it because you got a boy friend ?
contra-0966	howdy how are you doing tonight i am okay thanks you jesus .	i am doing great . just thinking about my parents . they died years ago	howdy how are you doing tonight i am okay thanks you jesus .
contra-0967	hello i am ray i am 20 years old	that is ironic , my dad is named ray . he lives with my mom in australia	hello i am ray i am 20 years old	that is ironic , my dad is named ray . he lives with my mom in australia	i just entered the army 6 months ago , i deployed to south korea	do they serve eggplant parmigiana in south korea ? that is my favorite food
contra-0968	how are you doing tonight ?	good , just got home from the grocery store where i work	how are you doing tonight ?	good , just got home from the grocery store where i work	what is your favorite food ?	i have a farm with two horses and we all three enjoy apples ! !	i have always wanted to live on a farm . i like to grow food .	more healthy ! in my spare time i paint and love it	that is good . i just work in my spare time .	so do you have a favorite singer ? mine is taylor swift	my favorite singer is michael jackson .	he is was very good . i like him too
contra-0969	i just came back from shopping at the mall .	oh cool , i be online a lot	i just came back from shopping at the mall .	oh cool , i be online a lot	i am celebrating ! i bought myself a gift !	what you bought if i may ask	i love buying clothes ! ! of course i got some shoes .	what type of shoes ? heels or flats ?
contra-0970	hello , how are you tonight ? i have to go home later .
contra-0971	hi how are you ? i like to build things as a hobby .	hi ! i hope you are having a lovely night . i like listening to tim mcgraw
contra-0972	hello . how are you doing today ?	i am well how are you ?	hello . how are you doing today ?
contra-0973	hello . just having a cup of tea . . . you ?	i am enjoying a nice scotch to relax	hello . just having a cup of tea . . . you ?	i am enjoying a nice scotch to relax	my folks got me started on tea , why scotch ?	trying to come up with stories all day stresses me out .	are you a writer ? i work on sci fi !	yea , i write for a living , what do you do at your job ?	same here . sci fi mostly . writing about a snake today .	cool , but i am afraid of snakes , along with dogs and clowns .	me too . also spiders ! interesting that we have so much in common .	what do you like to do on your time off , i enjoy superhero movies like batman	i am more of a game of thrones type . but i have been to gencon .	what gencon are there dogs there ?	it is a gamer convention . got people but also batman too .
contra-0974	hello , you play monopoly ? i do . i read 52 books a year . you ?	wow , that is great ! i collect small bears .	hello , you play monopoly ? i do . i read 52 books a year . you ?	wow , that is great ! i collect small bears .	get out ! i collect mcdonalds toys . you play sorry ? i do . arizona is my cat .	i volunteer for an organization and work at the hospital as an rn .	great ! you play checkers ? i do . i like reading about people lives .	interesting . i love collecting all things that look like nature my favorite color .	hmmm . i like to play doctor instead of chess with my ex doug . you sing ?	yes i sing when i have a chance mostly in the shower .	wow ! my friend merna sings in the shower . the other tenants complain to the landlord .	green reminds me of nature . i like to play games like blitz .	really ! is blitz a new board game ? or do you play it on the television ?
contra-0975	hi ! i love to party and jam to metallica . what are your hobbies ?
contra-0976	hey . tg 14 year old here .	how are you doing tonight , i am missing my tail it was removed	hey . tg 14 year old here .
contra-0977	hi how are you tonight ?	hello , i am doing just fine . how about you ?	hi how are you tonight ?	hello , i am doing just fine . how about you ?	great just watching the news . i am an avid news watcher .	that sounds like a good time .	i enjoy it , i also love to read .	i love reading too ! what types of books do you like ?	i mostly read romance novels , and you ?	i prefer fiction and sci fi	nice ! what do you do for a living ? i am in the it department .	right now i am just working as a secretary , but i hope to move up	cool ! what are your hobbies ?	beyond reading i really like to play soccer , i was on the team back in college	awesome ! i really love crafting .	what types of things do you like to craft ?	i make clay pot people , wreaths , wineglass candles and so much more .
contra-0978	hi there , i am jordan and a vet	hi jordan . that is my brothers name . he just got married
contra-0979	hello , how are you tonight ?	hi i am good . how are you	hello , how are you tonight ?
contra-0980	hello , i love being at home where i can watch tv , which i love .	hello . i live in an apartment . it is a low income residence .	hello , i love being at home where i can watch tv , which i love .	hello . i live in an apartment . it is a low income residence .	do you live alone ? i live with my husband whom i love very much .
contra-0981	hi , how are you ? studying for a test tomorrow .	hey ! me too , and i just got back from the arctic . studying what ?	hi , how are you ? studying for a test tomorrow .	hey ! me too , and i just got back from the arctic . studying what ?
contra-0982	hi , how are you ? studying for a test tomorrow .	hey ! me too , and i just got back from the arctic . studying what ?	hi , how are you ? studying for a test tomorrow .	hey ! me too , and i just got back from the arctic . studying what ?	have a test in childhood education tomorrow . wow about the arctic .
contra-0983	hello . how are you today ?	i am doing well , thank you . how are you ?	hello . how are you today ?	i am doing well , thank you . how are you ?	not too bad . just happy that the apartment is quiet for once .	i know what you mean . it is great to have quiet time to read	for me , its playing my guitar . do you play an instrument ?	i do not . i do read a lot though	so where are you from ?	i am from new york , what about you ?	most of my family is still in arkansas , but my brothers and i live in chicago .	i used to live there ! great place !	so beautiful compared to the city , right ?
contra-0984	hello , do you like music ? i really like the music of bach .	i do enjoy classical music !	hello , do you like music ? i really like the music of bach .	i do enjoy classical music !	i like to listen to bach outside in the evening , but hate the bugs .	ah , i get it . i just finished making dinner .	what did you have ? i had some bacon , it is my favorite .	i made pesto chicken and a salad .	that sounds fantastic ! you must like to cook ?	i do ! i would like a big family .	that is perfect then . as an engineer , i do not cook much .	what kind of engineer are you ?
contra-0985	hi , do you like sports ? i love softball	i am more of a reader	hi , do you like sports ? i love softball	i am more of a reader	good for you , what do you do for work ?	i work in an office , you ?	i am in a program to help troubled teens	oh , are you a troubled teen ?	no i work with them , i help them . i give them my favorite italian food while break	well good for you . i also love italian
contra-0986	hello how are you tonight ?	i am good ! practicing my singing for my career	hello how are you tonight ?
contra-0987	hi how are you doing tonight i am good so far .	i am good . relaxing with a glass of scotch to end the night .	hi how are you doing tonight i am good so far .
contra-0988	what kind of music do you like to listen to ?	i play all of the music i listen to on the guitar	what kind of music do you like to listen to ?	i play all of the music i listen to on the guitar	guitar is cool . rap is my favorite , but it does not have much guitar	what do you do for a living ?
contra-0989	hi , i was a geology teacher awhile ago , please tell me something interesting about you	hey there what you up too	hi , i was a geology teacher awhile ago , please tell me something interesting about you	hey there what you up too	nothing much , i just got done finishing arctic exploring , ice fishing and stuff	cool , my mom had a hard job as a army nurse	is she still working there ?	no thank god , i kind of got a cat it was a stray	is that your passions cat ? i like to find long lost arctic explorers	no it is not mine is clothes an singing folk music	well whatever keeps your mind active , i was a geology teacher and it was boring	i bet it is lol	yeah that is why i am in the arctic , i feel super bad
contra-0990	hey there how are you doing today ?	am am fine thanks you	hey there how are you doing today ?	am am fine thanks you	i am good , just getting off work	ok how was work good i hope	it was good , sitting at a computer all day is hard . you have a job ?	yes do care giver not too bad	what do you like to do for fun ?	i like to go fishing	that is fun . i like to watch the news and read . a lot	that great i watch some new all so
contra-0991	hello , how are you today ?	i am good and you ? do you have any pet ?	hello , how are you today ?
contra-0992	hi . just finished plying a round of second life . what are you up to today ?	listening to hip hop music .	hi . just finished plying a round of second life . what are you up to today ?	listening to hip hop music .	very cool . i am in texas . where are you ?	i also live in texas . my father and brother also live here .	right on . i just moved to austin .	are there any good vegan restaurants there ?	i do not know . i spend to much time online with my game . i should go explore .	i spend most of my time trying to stay fit .	that is always good . i also need to do more of that .	yes , i need to go to the gym later .
contra-0993	hello there , how are you today ? i just got back from a run	hi , i am ok . i play soccer so run a lot	hello there , how are you today ? i just got back from a run	hi , i am ok . i play soccer so run a lot	do you listen to any music while you are practicing ?	i do . i am a metal head so listen to a lot of that .	nirvana actually inspired me to become a musician , maybe not your style though . . .	nirvana is ok , they did a lot for music . my favorite band is tool	i think i have heard of them , i am not sure . do you have pets ?	i have a cat , and they are more rock then metal	i love cats , so many orphaned ones come into my store , i want them all !	lol . tht is how my old lady is . always have to bring home a stray	i am a cashier at petsmart , i play with them when nobody is in store hehe	i would play with them when people were at the store ! lol
contra-0994	hello . hope you are doing great today	i was doing fine until i saw a spider in the corner !	hello . hope you are doing great today
contra-0995	hi . just checking out my new blue hair in the mirror . whats up ?	i love blue hair , my live in girlfriend has blue hair too !	hi . just checking out my new blue hair in the mirror . whats up ?	i love blue hair , my live in girlfriend has blue hair too !	fun ! i would probably like her . california all the way baby . where are you from ?	maryland , studying law at johns hopkins	cool . maybe i will go to college there . homeschooling right now .	that is cool ; do you have pets ? my dog max says hi .
contra-0996	how are you ? where are you from ? i am a male from texas , 28 years old .	okay , is this a speed dating thing ?	how are you ? where are you from ? i am a male from texas , 28 years old .
contra-0997	hi , do you like bbq ?	hello yes i love bbq	hi , do you like bbq ?	hello yes i love bbq	i love restaurants with bbq , they are a lot of fun .
contra-0998	hi , i work on a it desk and i am not a democrat . you ?	i love teaching kindergarten !	hi , i work on a it desk and i am not a democrat . you ?
contra-0999	good evening , how are you	i great just got a gig to play this weekend	good evening , how are you	i great just got a gig to play this weekend	that sounds fun , i spend my weekends reading romance novels	yeah , how about drama , i love those
contra-1000	hey , whats going on with you	just on my daily walk . favorite part of my day . you ?	hey , whats going on with you	just on my daily walk . favorite part of my day . you ?
contra-1001	hey how are you doing today ?	hi there i am great how are you doing ?	hey how are you doing today ?	hi there i am great how are you doing ?	great , what do you like to do for fun ?	right now i am in the military to help me route my anger .	is that a good way to route your anger ?	i would like killing me those who wanna bring harm to my nation	that is interesting . my job is much less exciting . i work a petsmart	oh so you get to see all those annoying animals	yeah but it just pays the bills so i can focus on my band .	what kind of music do you guys play ?
contra-1002	hi . how is your day going ?	great , just got home from work . how are you ?	hi . how is your day going ?	great , just got home from work . how are you ?	not bad . the teens at the shelter were great today . what is your profession ?	i work at a help desk . so you work with homeless teens ?	yep . i am a mentor of sorts . thinking of cooking . you had supper ?	i did , i eat dinner while watching the news . what are you cooking ?	italian food . chicken alfredo . sigh .	is that not your favorite food ?	yep . what is your favorite food ?	i like to eat chinese and italian	i met my husband at taekwondo class . he is chinese .	oh how fun ! do you have children or pets ?
contra-1003	those republicans ! they do not appreciate the power of computers .	howdy how are you doing my friend ?	those republicans ! they do not appreciate the power of computers .
contra-1004	hello , how are you doing this evening ?	i am good ! and you ?	hello , how are you doing this evening ?	i am good ! and you ?	doing well , thank you . did you do anything special today ?	i just got done laying carpet !	did it turn out nicely ? is that what you do for a living ?	it is indeed what i do ! i like it , it is good pay !
contra-1005	good evening , what is new with you ?	not much . i went to an amusement park today , you ?	good evening , what is new with you ?	not much . i went to an amusement park today , you ?
contra-1006	hello ! how are you tonight ?	hello ! very well , and yourself ?	hello ! how are you tonight ?
contra-1007	hi how are you ? i like to build things as a hobby .	hi ! i hope you are having a lovely night . i like listening to tim mcgraw	hi how are you ? i like to build things as a hobby .	hi ! i hope you are having a lovely night . i like listening to tim mcgraw
contra-1008	hey there . how is it going ?	not bad . currently writing my third novel . all about romance .	hey there . how is it going ?	not bad . currently writing my third novel . all about romance .
contra-1009	hello ! i am so happy it is finally fall !	i am too , it really is my favorite season !	hello ! i am so happy it is finally fall !	i am too , it really is my favorite season !	mine too ! the weather is so perfect for ultimate frisbee .	it is also the best season for fashions , my future goals include being a designer !	my future goal is to find a girlfriend for timothy , my turtle .	aww so sweet ! i have put relationships on hold , but someday i see kids in my life .	i am not ready for a relationship right now , even though i love people .	i raised myself with my parents gone , then was caught stealing , so i am working on me .	i am doing the same .	i have a rocky background too , my best friend stole my high school sweetheart .
contra-1010	hi ! my name is lucy !	good evening lucy , i am rayne . i hope you are doing well .	hi ! my name is lucy !
contra-1011	good morning , how are you today ?
contra-1012	hi how are you today	good just tired . i just got back from a long day of work . how are you ?	hi how are you today	good just tired . i just got back from a long day of work . how are you ?	i just went hiking also tired	that sounds like fun ! i love the outdoors . i especially like gardening	do you ever go camping ?
contra-1013	hello , how are you tonight ?	i am well . and yourself ?	hello , how are you tonight ?	i am well . and yourself ?	very well , almost finished with my homework .	nice . i just finished a huge glass of iced tea	sounds good . do you like rap ?	i do . i love country also	i do not care for it .	i grew up on it , or i probably would not either	my parents did not care for music , our house was very quiet .	i cant imagine a world that does not have music in it	now , i cannot . it was weird .	i believe it . do you like doing stuff on the computer ?
contra-1014	hello , how are you this afternoon ?	good , i just working while chatting , and you ?	hello , how are you this afternoon ?
contra-1015	hello , how are you doing ?	i am doing great today and you ?	hello , how are you doing ?	i am doing great today and you ?	i am great , loving italian food now and forever !	going to walk my dog soon . do you have one ?	yeah , my dog and i like to sing in a choir	my wife and i just had a baby boy . do you have kids ?	no , , but i work in a program that helps and mentors teens	first time dad over here . team no sleep .	awesome , did you ever play softball ? i love it	yes , i played a little company softball	i have practiced taekwondo since i was little	cool , i watch bruce lee films since i was little . we share the same skills	so fun , rip bruce lee
contra-1016	hey there how are you ?	i am doing great ! just eating dinner .	hey there how are you ?	i am doing great ! just eating dinner .	just got my nails done in my fav color	wow , i bet they look nice .	like sports ? love the buckeyes	i love sports too ! i enjoy camping .	yes they actually do look nice , the girls all ask at work	that is good . i have to drive my mom to work tomorrow .	i hate the ocean , swimming or anything with water	i like the ocean . i like camping and hiking better .	i do not too scared to do that i like gardening	my mom loves gardening . i help her sometimes .	what is she growing now ?	she grows carrots . i would rather listen to music in my truck .
contra-1017	hi how are you today	doing great ! i finally got rid of the box elder bugs in my front yard . yuck .	hi how are you today
contra-1018	hello , how are you tonight ?	i am ok . long day of warehouse and forklift work . you ?	hello , how are you tonight ?	i am ok . long day of warehouse and forklift work . you ?	i am an er nurse , it was crazy last night .	i bet . kicking back and watching horror movies now . haha	that sounds fun . i love movies of all kinds .	right on . what else do you like ? i love grilling barbecue .	i love to bake , i made banana bread earlier .	that is sounds really good right now . i eat a lot of protein cause i do weekend lifts .	i run right past the weights to the treadmills .	i run awkward , i am a super tall and pretty big fella .	i am five foot . i need a ladder for most things .	haha . i get asked to get stuff off the top self all the time !	lol . from people like me .
contra-1019	hello there . where are you from ?	i am so excited i just got engaged !	hello there . where are you from ?	i am so excited i just got engaged !	congratulations ! how old are yoy ?	the united states . how about you ?	usa also . i live in pennsylvania	i am 30 years old . what is your favorite sport ?	i love football . what is your favorite sport .	i like soccer . i like watching it on tv .	do you like watching mls or prefer world cup ?	world cup if i had to choose . are you married ?
contra-1020	hello how are you doing i am doing okay .	my dog ginger watches the titantic movie with me every time its on .	hello how are you doing i am doing okay .	my dog ginger watches the titantic movie with me every time its on .	i love listening to music very relaxing .	cool ! i was an exchanged student .	i am kind of huge for 8 feet tall . i do not like my weight .	hmmm . wow ! i met my son for the first time today .	wonderful that is a happy moment i have to attend school soon .	yes it is ! i love putting together model cars .	great sounds like a cool activity i have a small family and one parent .	hmmm . ginger is my golden retriever .	oh i love animals i bet she is beautiful . i have to hear some music .
contra-1021	hi , tell me about yourself .	i have a pet turtle that i love ! his name is timothy	hi , tell me about yourself .	i have a pet turtle that i love ! his name is timothy	that is cool . i like fantasy videogames . do you play any ?	not really . i like hanging out with people in person	ah . well i am pretty shy so i do not go out with people much .	i understand . i love autumn , how about you ?	yeah , i am from the south so its nice when it cools off for a while .	definitely . my parents went away to bora bora for a while .	oh cool ! my mom is a doctor so my parents travel a lot .	what do you do for a living ?	i am a computer engineer got a comp sci degree . what do you do ?
contra-1022	hello , how are you tonight ?	great . how are you doing	hello , how are you tonight ?	great . how are you doing
contra-1023	hello . how are you today ?	i am good . how about yourself ?	hello . how are you today ?
contra-1024	hi , how are you today ?	i am good ! do you have any hobbies ?	hi , how are you today ?	i am good ! do you have any hobbies ?	yes ! i love to garden and then cook from what i grow . do you ?	gardening sounds amazing ! i like to listen to metallica in my free time .	really ? john denver is more my style as a musician .	that is cool ! where do you work at ?	i am living on a large horse ranch that i was raised on , it is my work .	it must be amazing to work with horses ! i work as a consultant .	that is neat . what else do you like to do ?	i like to spend time with my brothers . i have two . how about you ?	i have four ! every day i have to work out to keep up with them .	wow ! it must have been hard to grow up with 4 brothers !	definitely ! but living on a farm is hard work so they are helpful	awesome ! i am originally from wisconsin .	i have family from wisconsin and michigan .
contra-1025	hello how are you today	i am doing well , and you ?	hello how are you today	i am doing well , and you ?	i am doing great ! its my favorite time of the year	mine as well , i plan to walk my two dogs later today	what kind of dogs do you have ? the only pet i have is a turtle	i have a german shepards , what is your turtles name ?	his name is tim . german shepards are the cutest dogs
contra-1026	hi how are you doing today it s kind of busy for me today	same here i went for a hike today and read poetry at the library	hi how are you doing today it s kind of busy for me today	same here i went for a hike today and read poetry at the library
contra-1027	hey how are you today ?	backpacking through europe . love it ! i am in italy now .	hey how are you today ?	backpacking through europe . love it ! i am in italy now .
contra-1028	hi how are you tonight ?	hello , i am doing just fine . how about you ?	hi how are you tonight ?
contra-1029	hello ! how are you doing ?	i am doing great how are you tonight ?	hello ! how are you doing ?	i am doing great how are you tonight ?
contra-1030	hello , how are you today ?	i am good , just relaxing with my cross stitch project . how about you ?	hello , how are you today ?
contra-1031	he ; ; o . how are you this day	dogs really scares me , i live in an apartment that i rent	he ; ; o . how are you this day	dogs really scares me , i live in an apartment that i rent	they mess with my allergies . plus i have a military disability .	i am doing good and you ? i am a woman at age 32
contra-1032	hello ! how are you today ?	i am okay . missing home today . i am part of the army . currently in south korea
contra-1033	hi how are you ? my left leg is in pain daily .	ouch , why is it painful ?	hi how are you ? my left leg is in pain daily .
contra-1034	hi . just chilling to john denver after my work out . how about you ?	hi , just studying for my college exam . hows it going	hi . just chilling to john denver after my work out . how about you ?
contra-1035	how are you doing today ?	i m good i just spent time with my family	how are you doing today ?	i m good i just spent time with my family	well , i was listening taylor swift !	is that what you need your free time listen to music i read for my	yeah , i also ride horses	i do you bake cookies homemade for my kids	how many kids do you have	i only have two for now but i want a huge number of family	do you have girls ? or ?	i have one boy and one girl then my husband do his own business running it
contra-1036	hello , how are you doing today ?	i am well how are you	hello , how are you doing today ?	i am well how are you	good , i am about to do a photo shoot . what do you do for a living ?	i am actually in middle school	oh really ? i remember those days . xd what do you like to do for fun ?	i take tae kwon do	awesome ! bet it keeps you in good shape . i have to stay fit for my job .	what do you do for a living	i am a model , but someday i will be an actress !	that is awesome sounds like a fun job	it is great ! i love living in ny too . where are you from ?
contra-1037	hi , i have schwinn bike , six grandchildren . i am nurses aide . you ?	oh , my 3 kids are annoying me chasing the cat around .	hi , i have schwinn bike , six grandchildren . i am nurses aide . you ?	oh , my 3 kids are annoying me chasing the cat around .
contra-1038	hey there how are you i am shy	well i am conservative so sounds like a match to me	hey there how are you i am shy	well i am conservative so sounds like a match to me	i like that , did you go to college ?	no i just got my high school diploma and opened my owns shooting range	i went an got a computer science degree .	wish i had continued school but i love what i do hunting , going to church , and driving	gotcha , i build spaceships , the models
contra-1039	i have a question for you . . . do you believe in magic ? ?	hmm like harry potter magic or like card tricks	i have a question for you . . . do you believe in magic ? ?	hmm like harry potter magic or like card tricks
contra-1040	hi how are you doing today ?	very good , just remembering when i traveled abroad for studies	hi how are you doing today ?	very good , just remembering when i traveled abroad for studies	that is nice . what do you do now ?	i work in advertising , i started this year , so still getting my feet wet , you ?	i am a teacher . for about 10 years now .	have you ever taught in north dakota ? i am from there	no i am in new jersey . i live with my husband and child .	i hear they have a lot of jewish people like myself there	in some parts . there are a lot of different people here .	i guess that is the case in most states	what do you like to do ?	i do a lot of hiking my my best friend from kindergarten , you ?	i enjoy cooking meals for my family and reading .	that is very nice , what is your favorite meal ?	i love cooking italian food . i have to be honest , i am a republican .
contra-1041	hello , how are you doing ?	you mean good and i m planning for my next travel	hello , how are you doing ?	you mean good and i m planning for my next travel	that is cool . i like to read when i have spare time .	so six country is the total of them	i have always wanted my family to be big . i am a mother of several kids .	the family the happier just like my garden is this you	i cook meals at home every day . do you with the stuff you get from your garden ?	yes that s why i love i love the passion of teaching biology in college	i see . my husband owns his own business .	kind of business does your husband have i like walking
contra-1042	hey , how are you doing ? want some granola ?	sure ! i am starring in a play i wrote . can you sing or skate ? i can .	hey , how are you doing ? want some granola ?	sure ! i am starring in a play i wrote . can you sing or skate ? i can .	i can cut hairs . that is mostly it .	hmmm . interesting . i model gloves and sing sappy jingles . i surf too . you surf ?	i like my fish babies , and their fancy fish house .	wow ! i am leaving virginia to move to ny next year . i am from california . you ?	it is a secret . i want to keep my sons safe .	okay . you would be a great voice over actor . what color are the fish ?	all different colors . i am sure you would love them	great ! i wish i could sing better . you sing or model ? i was born in california . you ?
contra-1043	hey i love sardines for breakfast , do you ?	hi , i do not like sardines at any time of the day !	hey i love sardines for breakfast , do you ?	hi , i do not like sardines at any time of the day !
contra-1044	hello , how are you today ?	hello i am doing well . hanging out with my dog pedro	hello , how are you today ?	hello i am doing well . hanging out with my dog pedro	what kind of dog is he ?	he is a yorkie . perfect size for me since i am only five feet tall .	how old is your dog ?	he is five . he likes to eat muffins like me .	do you take him to the dog park ?	yes , there is one at my job at the healthcare industry .	do you like your job ? i am in real estate .	yes . i also like film do you ?	i like movies about history .	so do i . i also like documentaries , do you ?	yes , i like most of them . as long as it is something i am interested in .
contra-1045	what are you doing ? i am sewing a quilt for my aunt .	hi . i am felicia . i am a science teacher and love travel .	what are you doing ? i am sewing a quilt for my aunt .	hi . i am felicia . i am a science teacher and love travel .	awesome . what do you teach ?	spanish and italian . what do you do ?	for now , mostly spending time with my siamese cat and walking daily . i am on leave .	travel much ? i visited 6 countries so far .	not much . but relatives bring fabric from their travels and i make quilts for them .	very nice . i was working in my garden . its big . i am a vegetarian	wonderful ! i am growing cat nip for my cat . do you have pets ?	i have guppies and they had babies today ! wanna see a pic ?	how interesting . no , thank you . i need to go soon .	oh ok . well it was nice to chat with you . have a nice evening	thanks you too . before i go , do you have other questions for me ?	would you like to teach me how to quilt ?	sure , and maybe you can teach me some spanish ?
contra-1046	hi there how are you dong	great . just got finished eating sushi . . my favorite . you ?	hi there how are you dong	great . just got finished eating sushi . . my favorite . you ?	yum ! i am a vet so i just got home . sick cat tonight	aww . listening to rap now , my favorite genre .	i prefer alternative . my name is jordan . what is yours	i am ashley . i live with my dad and brother . my mom passed . you ?	my mom actually passed too . dad also	oh boy . it is tough to deal . do you work out ? i enjoy it a lot .	i do work out . i am also a musician	i love listening to music while i work out . so where are you from ?	originally california , however i live in florida at the moment	nice weather there . we are in maine .	i have always wanted to visit there	getting chilly now tho . it is beautiful tho .	i hear the scenery is just breath taking	can not wait to get to florida again soon . been nice chatting .
contra-1047	hey how are you doing this evening ?
contra-1048	i am in school to be a nurse .	great , i am also a student for 2 more years	i am in school to be a nurse .	great , i am also a student for 2 more years	that is awesome ! ever since marty went i have been attached to my sister !	oh , i do not have siblings so i am not sure what that is like	it is nice . to help people as a nurse too i understand peoples pain .	are you in a hospital treating folks	not currently . that would be dangerous haha	who is marty relation to you	marty was my husband . i just enjoyed his company so much .	oh i see , well have a great evening	thank you . i hope you have a great evening as well	take care and tell marty where is mc fly	old marty would have love that statement
contra-1049	hi ! i love to party and jam to metallica . what are your hobbies ?	i enjoy spending time with my 3 girls not my ex though	hi ! i love to party and jam to metallica . what are your hobbies ?
contra-1050	i turned 90 on saturday , how old are you ?	i am 22 ! i just had my birthday too , and got my nails done as a celebration !	i turned 90 on saturday , how old are you ?
contra-1051	where do you want to live in the future ?	hello , ginger and i want to live in florida .
contra-1052	hello , how are you today ? doing the same thing as yesterday	hi ! i am doing just great ! what do you do ?	hello , how are you today ? doing the same thing as yesterday	hi ! i am doing just great ! what do you do ?	i am a tattoo artist , been doing that forever and a day . haha	that is awesome i am an aspiring actress . where do you live ?	i live in wisconsin . an actress huh ? that is pretty cool	yes mum ws mad when i told her i wanted to move to new york lol	me and my pops do not get a long , you still talk to her ?	that is a shame . we still talk i am her baby girl	at least you have that then . i tour a lot so we fell apart	have you ever tatooed a famous person ?
contra-1053	hello , how are you doing ?	pretty good . listening to barry manila now	hello , how are you doing ?	pretty good . listening to barry manila now	does he require more postage to be sent ?
contra-1054	hello , how are you doing today ?	hello , i am well . how are you ?	hello , how are you doing today ?	hello , i am well . how are you ?	i am doing well . it is a lovely night in texas .
contra-1055	hello , how are you tonight ?	great . how are you doing	hello , how are you tonight ?	great . how are you doing	doing good , just getting my girls down for the night .	how many do you have	three girls , do you have children ?	a boy and a girl . 12 and 9 . angelic monsters lol	one of each that is good . the girls can be a hand full .	who you telling . haha . my girl is a hundred times more stressful .	my mom was a teacher and i am not sure how she did it .	kudos to her . i am exhausted half way through the day .	yes , me to ! i was born later so she has lots of patients .	well good for her . do you like barbecue . i am a pro at it
contra-1056	hello , how are you tonight ?	i teach little 5 year olds and can barely make ends meet each month	hello , how are you tonight ?	i teach little 5 year olds and can barely make ends meet each month	cool . i am a drop out who works at burger king . so whats up	nothing much . . just sitting here with my one and only little kitten
contra-1057	good morning , there is mist coming off the mountains this morning .	beautiful . my name is jordan and i am enjoying the florida sunshine	good morning , there is mist coming off the mountains this morning .	beautiful . my name is jordan and i am enjoying the florida sunshine	nice ! do you have any pets ? i have cats and dogs .	i have a cat . he likes to watch me play video games .	does he like barry manila ? my dogs love him .	yes . i am getting ready to read a book , love a good drama	my parents were literary teachers .	interesting . i am a vet , but i enjoy my musician job on the weekends
contra-1058	hello how are you today	i am well how are you	hello how are you today
contra-1059	hi do you have any pet	i do not . my apartment does not allow any . how about you ?	hi do you have any pet	i do not . my apartment does not allow any . how about you ?	yes i had a cat but am allergic to cats	i should have a dog being a single girl of 32 . but i am scared .	but a dog is lots of fun	they are terrifying . and he would distract me from my love stories .	ok i had one name curie lots of fun	what do you do for work ?
contra-1060	hi , want to be my friend ?	hello , sure why not ! how old are you ? i just turned 34	hi , want to be my friend ?	hello , sure why not ! how old are you ? i just turned 34
contra-1061	hi , want to be my friend ?	hello , sure why not ! how old are you ? i just turned 34	hi , want to be my friend ?	hello , sure why not ! how old are you ? i just turned 34	whoa . i am only 12 . what is it like to be old ?	my 2 kiddos are in kindergarten , they want to graduate at mississippi university like me	that is cool i guess . are they twins	no . only 12 ? so no job yet . i have done real estate 12 years now	ha . that is since i was a baby . i am a tae kwan do champ
contra-1062	hi how are you doing tonight ?	not so well with this cold in weather in ohio ? you	hi how are you doing tonight ?	not so well with this cold in weather in ohio ? you
contra-1063	hello there . where are you from ?	i am from canada . how about you ?	hello there . where are you from ?	i am from canada . how about you ?	interesting . i am from pennsylvania in the us .	wow , how is it there ?	it is okay . nothing special !	do you get into politics ?	sometime . i try to be well rounded in discussion .	i love to listen to debates .	which presidential candidate from the past did you enjoy listening to most ?	i like listening to hilary clinton
contra-1064	how are you you tonight ? i am working on some crafts as we talk .	nice , is that what you always do after dinner ?	how are you you tonight ? i am working on some crafts as we talk .
contra-1065	hello , how are you doing	i am great . how are you ?	hello , how are you doing	i am great . how are you ?	i am great too , just practicing lines and looking at myself in the mirror	are you an actor or in the theatre	i am a model , i am going to be an actress though	that is great . which do you like more ?	well i think being on the big screen would be great . how about you ?	i have two kids that keep me busy . i would not have the same time	i never want kids . how old are yours	they are seven and four
contra-1066	hi , i am a female and 22 years old , what about you ?	i am a little older . old enough to have two boys	hi , i am a female and 22 years old , what about you ?
contra-1067	hello , my name is debra who are you ?	hi my name is anne	hello , my name is debra who are you ?
contra-1068	hey , how are you doing ?	just stressed out about ed sheeran , i am a huge fan of his	hey , how are you doing ?	just stressed out about ed sheeran , i am a huge fan of his	did something happen to him ?
contra-1069	hello ! i am so happy it is finally fall !	i am too , it really is my favorite season !	hello ! i am so happy it is finally fall !	i am too , it really is my favorite season !	mine too ! the weather is so perfect for ultimate frisbee .	it is also the best season for fashions , my future goals include being a designer !	my future goal is to find a girlfriend for timothy , my turtle .	aww so sweet ! i have put relationships on hold , but someday i see kids in my life .	i am not ready for a relationship right now , even though i love people .	i raised myself with my parents gone , then was caught stealing , so i am working on me .
contra-1070	hello . how are you today ?	feeling a little scared because i heard a dog barking outside . you ?	hello . how are you today ?
contra-1071	yo ! i am from chicago , where are you at ?	hello , i am from south carolina	yo ! i am from chicago , where are you at ?
contra-1072	hey . tg 14 year old here .	how are you doing tonight , i am missing my tail it was removed	hey . tg 14 year old here .	how are you doing tonight , i am missing my tail it was removed	that happened to my cat . my dog found it and ate it .	oh no do you like hollister i worked there back in high school ?	yes its my fav . i stopped by there after school today to look for clothes .	yeah very cool , i quit to become a skater , i get paid to skate	i want to be an actor . is ice skating hard ? lol	not to me but other people say yes , what kind of actor ?	i would love to be on that show trans parent . you know ? because i am transgender	i would watch that show i am open to everything	its difficult being so young and all , i zone out and listen to pink floyd	hopefully you have a loving family to help , what do you do for fun ?	i eat doritos , ruffles , lays , and pringles	oh i do not like those at all i avoid chips	who does not like chips ? is it the crunch ?
contra-1073	hi want to get know each other ?	hello , be my friend ? i do not have many	hi want to get know each other ?	hello , be my friend ? i do not have many	aww that is sad . i could always use new friends	i do carpentry for a living , i am married with 3 kids	wow . very cool what kind of carpentry
contra-1074	hello . i hope you are having a good evening .	hello how are you doing	hello . i hope you are having a good evening .	hello how are you doing	well , thank you . do you like onions ? i love them .	no ? so were do you live	with my dad . we do not get along . he has cats and i do not like them .	are you ok ? your talking kind of weird	i work as a nurse . i think i would know if something was wrong .	are you male of female i am a male	male and i have been at my job for several years .
contra-1075	hello , how are you today ?	good ! i am in the army , stationed in south korea . it is a nice day here today .
contra-1076	hello there , how are you today ? i just got back from a run	hi , i am ok . i play soccer so run a lot	hello there , how are you today ? i just got back from a run	hi , i am ok . i play soccer so run a lot	do you listen to any music while you are practicing ?	i do . i am a metal head so listen to a lot of that .	nirvana actually inspired me to become a musician , maybe not your style though . . .	nirvana is ok , they did a lot for music . my favorite band is tool	i think i have heard of them , i am not sure . do you have pets ?	i have a cat , and they are more rock then metal	i love cats , so many orphaned ones come into my store , i want them all !	lol . tht is how my old lady is . always have to bring home a stray	i am a cashier at petsmart , i play with them when nobody is in store hehe
contra-1077	hello . how are you ? tell me about yourself .	hello well i love ice tea , country music , and love traveling hbu ?	hello . how are you ? tell me about yourself .	hello well i love ice tea , country music , and love traveling hbu ?	i am a fan of bluegrass personally . i even play	that is cool , my friends and i love to relax to bluegrass	i get to travel too when i am competing	what do you compete in ? i compete in swimming	i am a skateboarder for a living . i got into it while working at hollister	that is cool , do you live in the states ?	i do . i am from cali . you ?
contra-1078	hi ! what do you have planned for dinner ?	we ate way earlier . always by 630 . how about you ?	hi ! what do you have planned for dinner ?	we ate way earlier . always by 630 . how about you ?	italian is my favorite so i am thinking along those lines .	sounds yummy ! do you work tomorrow ?	no . so i think i will read a book . probably about traveling .	i love traveling . i often quilt while my husband drives .	i do not drive much . walking long distances is what i do .	i am too old for much of that anymore . we prefer visiting great american landmarks .	europe is on my travel list . have you been there ?	we keep it to great american landmarks . we love seeing american history .
contra-1079	after the wedding , i graduated from college . amazing experience .	which one was amazing ? i just graduated too .	after the wedding , i graduated from college . amazing experience .	which one was amazing ? i just graduated too .	i have a cat named arizona , who is like the wife of my brother .	ok so your cat and your brother are in love ? and was it their wedding ?	yes ! ! ! i also love playing board games . they never make me bored .	no pun intended , aye ? well this will be a fun one	i am also into reading biographies . reading one now about barry seal .	so i love eating peanut mms	i eat any . i do not discriminate . they are all the same inside .
contra-1080	i am waiting on my pizza to get here and i am getting excited . how are you ?	i am excited that my girls finally all went to sleep so i can relax	i am waiting on my pizza to get here and i am getting excited . how are you ?	i am excited that my girls finally all went to sleep so i can relax	i tend to stutter when i get excited so i hope the cute chick is not delivering	maybe just smile and give a good tip if that happens	i never have time to relax . i wish i did but i am always on the go .	were you born in the late was like i was ?
contra-1081	how are you ? i love reading specifically mysteries .	i am good ! i teach kindergarten , so kids books are my thing !	how are you ? i love reading specifically mysteries .	i am good ! i teach kindergarten , so kids books are my thing !	i know what you mean i have seven kids of my own	i just have 2 roommates and a cat . no kids yet	i drive a big truck as my job , what about you ?	i teach kindergarten . barely covers the bills ?	oh you said that , sorry .	no problem . 7 kids must fry your brain ! lol	yes indeed . what is your favorite color ? mine is blue .	purple ! i live in seattle . how about you ?
contra-1082	hello , how are you tonight ? are you watching the office ?	i am good . just waiting for the good doctor to come on .	hello , how are you tonight ? are you watching the office ?
contra-1083	hi ! what do you like to do ? i like reading and video games	hello . i do not really play video games , but i am a big movie fan .	hi ! what do you like to do ? i like reading and video games	hello . i do not really play video games , but i am a big movie fan .	i like to read drama books that are sometimes made into movies	that is interesting . my favorite movie is napoleon dynamite . i even named my dog pedro .	haha funny . i love dogs since i am a veterinarian .	oh wow ! i wanted to be a vet when i was a kid . i work in healthcare .	cool ! i live in florida so lots of doctors here	very nice , i love florida . what are your hobbies ? i enjoy baking , my favorite are muffins .	i travel back to my home state of california and read	so you have family in california ?	yes i do . they always tell me jordan , move back home	i am sure they miss you . how long have you lived in florida ?
contra-1084	hello brah , hows it hanging ?	hey there ! its going alright , how about you ? how was your day ?	hello brah , hows it hanging ?	hey there ! its going alright , how about you ? how was your day ?	my day was wicked sweet bro ham , just got done having a gnarly skate sesh .	spending time outside is great , i have never been much of a skater . any other hobbies ?	i like , totally love playing blue grass music , what about you ?	i like cooking and spending time walking my dog . his name is charlie .	i can relate to dogs , because i totally used to have a tail	oh wow , one of my brothers was bought with a tail but had it removed .	wait bro , mine was removed too , does your bro not like chips ?	he will eat anything but we did not eat a lot of potatoes growing up in australia mate .	i hate potatos i guess why i think chips are uber grody . do you dislike anything ?	i like most foods , my favorite is italian . i am not a big fan of thai food .
contra-1085	i am in school to be a nurse .	great , i am also a student for 2 more years	i am in school to be a nurse .	great , i am also a student for 2 more years	that is awesome ! ever since marty went i have been attached to my sister !	oh , i do not have siblings so i am not sure what that is like	it is nice . to help people as a nurse too i understand peoples pain .	are you in a hospital treating folks	not currently . that would be dangerous haha	who is marty relation to you	marty was my husband . i just enjoyed his company so much .	oh i see , well have a great evening	thank you . i hope you have a great evening as well	take care and tell marty where is mc fly	old marty would have love that statement
contra-1086	hi i am darlene and my family comes from canada .
contra-1087	hi . how are you tonight ?	i am well focused on fantasy you ?	hi . how are you tonight ?
contra-1088	hello . how are you ? tell me about yourself .	hello well i love ice tea , country music , and love traveling hbu ?	hello . how are you ? tell me about yourself .	hello well i love ice tea , country music , and love traveling hbu ?
contra-1089	hi , i have schwinn bike , six grandchildren . i am nurses aide . you ?	oh , my 3 kids are annoying me chasing the cat around .	hi , i have schwinn bike , six grandchildren . i am nurses aide . you ?	oh , my 3 kids are annoying me chasing the cat around .	i live with my cat and dogs . you have pets ?	my cat . she is a siamese .
contra-1090	hello there hows it going	hi , i am joanna . how are you tonight .	hello there hows it going	hi , i am joanna . how are you tonight .
contra-1091	i am a musician and a guitar player what do you like ?	i like scary movies . i am joanna , you ?	i am a musician and a guitar player what do you like ?	i like scary movies . i am joanna , you ?	they call me tat because of all mt tattoos	where are you from ? i grew up in south carolina	i was born in arkansas but i now live in chicago	did you got to college there ?	yes i am in school now while working part time as a batista	i graduated recently . from usc . my parents pushed me into it , wanted better	well i am proud of you . i am getting my masters in music	music is great ! my mom teaches that . my dad just tends the farm
contra-1092	hi how are you doing	i am well . how about you ?	hi how are you doing	i am well . how about you ?	i am good getting ready for work	me too . what do you do for a living ?	i am a lawyer long hours	i get that ! i am a doctor . pediatrics to be exact . do anything for fun ?	i like to go running with my dogs	me too ! well , i do not have any dogs , but i run everyday !	its such a great way to exercise and spend time outside
contra-1093	hello , how are you tonight ? i just got off work .	cool , doing well . where do you work ?	hello , how are you tonight ? i just got off work .	cool , doing well . where do you work ?	i am a maternity nurse , it is awesome . you ?	just sitting here watching lord of the rings for the 5th time this month	i have never seen it , nor read the books .	what shift do you work in maternity ? could be some great fantasy come out that department !	i work swing shifts . it is a great job .	books better than movies but a superb job here . how long are your shifts ?	i work 12 hour shifts . it is hard , but rewarding .	anything crazy happen there today ? baby ork or anything ?	i do not know , i was off today .	just got off work a day ago ? or are we in a time loop ?	i work weird shifts , and have only had four days off in a month .	crazy ! nurses are like elves bringing in new life into the world to fight evil	i like to dress the babies in superhero onesies .
