ddpc-0000	Good afternoon ! Can I help you ?	Could you show me where the Chinesc-style clothing is located ? I want to buy a silk coat .	This way , please . Here they are . They're all handmade .	Oh , they look nice . May I try that black one on ?	Of course . The fitting room is right over there .	Do you have a medium in the same color ? This one is a little tight .	l'm sorry . All the black of that size are sold out . Would you like a red one ?	OK . Let me try it on . What do you think ?	Oh , that suits you very well . Besides it is believed in China that the red color brings happiness and good luck .
ddpc-0001	There's a new girl in school , have you seen her yet ?	I haven't seen her yet .	I think that she is very pretty .
ddpc-0002	Good afternoon , Johnson .	Good afternoon , Mary . How's business ?
ddpc-0003	You don't look too well . Maybe you should take the day off from work .	I couldn't do that . I have an important meeting to go to today .	Do you feel ok ?	Not really . After a 12 - hour flight , I've got jetlag , and on top of that , I think I've also got the flu .	Why don't you call your secretary and tell her to reschedule the meeting ? You should really get some rest or you'll end up feeling even worse than you do now .	Could you feel my forehead and check to see if I have a fever ?	You're really hot . Let me get you some Tylenol to bring the fever down .	Ok . I'll stay home this morning and rest , but if I feel better in the afternoon , I'm going to the meeting .	Zach , what's that on your arm ?	I don't know . It looks a bit red , but I'm sure it's nothing .	It looks like you have a red rash all over you ! Are you allergic to anything ?	Just cats , but I don't think I was near any cats in the last couple of weeks .	I completely forgot about your cat allergy . I took care of a cat for my friend here a few days ago . Oh no . we'd better go to the doctor and get some medicine . Let's go .	Shouldn't we make an appointment first ?	We would , but let's just go and see if there's an opening now before it gets worse .
ddpc-0004	Are you ready to go to the mall ?	Yeah . Dig my new pants ?	Copycat !	What do you mean ?
ddpc-0005	Mum , can I finish my homework later ?	Sorry . You know the rules .	But I want to watch TV now .	That ’ s out of the question .
ddpc-0006	Wow , Amy , look at that number .	What's so great about it ?	What do you mean ? It's a scrim .	Not to me , I wouldn't be caught dead in that .	I love that kind of stuff .	Yeah , you seem to like those styles .	Sure do . I get a kick out of looking punk .	This one looks really expensive though .
ddpc-0007	Hit ' em high , hit ' em low . Class of ' 93 — let's go !	Hi there , everyone . We hope you're having a good night !	Wasn't that football game great ! I just knew we'd win !
ddpc-0008	What can I do for you ?	I'd like to buy some milk powder . What would you recommend ?	We have many kinds of different purpose . I wonder whom you are buying for ?	My son . He is two years old .	I see , sir . This one is very good .	Is it ?	You may rest assured . It sells well .	May I have a look at the introduction ?
ddpc-0009	This is such a beautiful day ! Great for sailing !	It sure is ! The water looks so nice ! Anchor the boat for a little while . I ’ m going to take a dip .	Why are you doggy-paddling ? I taught you how to swim ! Do your breast stroke !	I get too tired ! I ’ ll just backstroke , it ’ s easier !	Try kicking your legs more . That ’ s good . Don ’ t go out too far !	It ’ s fine . Jump in !	Kathy ! Get back here ! I see a shark !
ddpc-0010	So , Paula , where are you from ?	I'm from Canada , originally .	From Canada ? Where were you born ?	Montreal .	When did you come to Los Angeles ?	We moved here when I was fourteen .	Did you go to school here ?	Well , I went to high school here , but I went to college in Texas .	Did you get a job right after graduation ?	No , I traveled for a while in Europe after college , and then I lived in France .	When was that ?	Let's see ... That was about six years ago .
ddpc-0011	That looks graceful on you .	Thank you.But it is too bright for me .	How about this brown one ?	Let me try it on . I like that color .	Ok , i will get one for your.Here you are .	But it is too loose.Do you have the smaller size ?	Sorry , it had been sold out .
ddpc-0012	Bill , do you know if the cafeteria around the corner's open today ?	Yes . They were open this morning when I came to work . They must've finished remodeling . Why do you want to know ?	Well , I thought that maybe we could go there for lunch today . That is , if you haven't promised to go with someone else .	That'd be wonderful , Peter . But I hope you're in a better mood than you were this morning .	I'm sorry I was such a grouch . It must've been the weather . When it rains I get depressed .	Forget it . I'll see you at 11:30 am .
ddpc-0013	Hey Mel ! Are you up for some tennis today ?	Sorry , I can ’ t ! I have to go to work , pick up Jake and Maddie from school , and make them an afternoon snack , then take Jake to soccer practice and Maddie to dance class .
ddpc-0014	Honey , what's wrong with you ?	I'm not feeling well . I'm very nervous .	Take it easy . We are going to have our own baby . You should be happy .	Yeah , I know .	The doctors and the nurses will help you . And I will be waiting for you right here , praying for you and our baby .
ddpc-0015	What can I get for you today ?	Could I get a hamburger , please ?	Would you like cheese on that ?	No , thank you .	Would you like a drink ?	Let me have a soda .	What kind of soda would you like ?	May I have a Sprite , please ?	Sure , no problem .	I would also like a bag of chips .
ddpc-0016	Listen , Karen , I need your help . I don't know anyone here yet .	I'm glad to help you . What's wrong ?
ddpc-0017	Good afternoon , how may I help you ?	Hi , I'd like to order some flowers .	Who are they for ?	They're for my Wife . Her name is Samantha .	What kind of flowers would you like ?	I don't know . I don't know too much about flowers . Can you recommend something ?	OK . What's the reason you are sending her flowers ?	Today's her birthday and she told me she wants me to buy her flowers .
ddpc-0018	What a nice day !	yes . How about going out and enjoying the sunshine on the grass ?	great , let's go !	hey , darling , I think I might have a little heatstroke from being in the sun all day . I was so relaxed . It felt as if I were in another world .	exactly . You know , the sunshine and wind remind me of our honeymoon . You remember ? The island , the sound of the waves , the salty sea air and the sunshine ...	yes , it was wonderful but it's already been a year . How time flies !
ddpc-0019	Did you get Bean's ten different good luck forwards , like that one from the Dalai Lama ?	Yeah , I deleted all that superstitious crap . What a waste of bandwidth !	I figured I might as well send one or two of them out . Maybe my luck will get better .	Do you really think the Dalai Lama sent that ? I'm tired of all these forwards .
ddpc-0020	We are going to have a picnic tomorrow at the picnic center .	That's great .	Now let's get things ready .
ddpc-0021	Oh , hi , Jessica , are you going to see this movie too ?	I'd love to , the movies are smash hit .	Then let's go in .	I can't . I'm waiting for Paul , but he's late .	I'll say the movie's starting in the minute .	I know . I wonder what's keeping him .
ddpc-0022	Room service , is there anything I can do for you ?	Yes , I am afraid there are not enough outlets .	Well , we have 6 for each room .
ddpc-0023	How are you ?	I ’ m doing well .	How may I help you ?	Could you cancel a check for me ?	What ’ s the problem ?	I wrote the check out for way too much .	How much ?	I wrote the check out for $ 150 .
ddpc-0024	Sarah , you don't look so good . What's the matter ?	I've got a really bad headache and my stomach hurts .	It sounds like you're coming down with something .
ddpc-0025	Would you pour me some of that tea , please ?	Okay . Say when .
ddpc-0026	have you seen the new Cosmo magazine that I was reading this morning ?	I think I may have seen it on the kitchen table .
ddpc-0027	Look , how grand magnificent the Tiananmen Gate tour is !	What's Tiananmen famous for ?	It is largest pop square in the world.you see that is monument for the people's hero , and the Chairman Mao memorial hall on the south.there is great hall of the people on the west.there are two museums on the east .	What's that ?
ddpc-0028	Oh , hi , Jessica , are you going to see this movie too ?	I'd love to , the movies are smash hit .	Then let's go in .	I can't . I'm waiting for Paul , but he's late .	I'll say the movie's starting in the minute .	I know . I wonder what's keeping him .	Looks like he won't show up . He's done this before , hasn't he ?	Yeah , a number of times .	What's he trying to pull anyway .	I don't know . But this is definitely the last straw .
ddpc-0029	Could you do me a favor and proofread my resume before I send it out to the human resources department ?	Sure , let me take a look ... Personal Information , Education , Experience , Training ... I think you should add another section for language . You speak three languages , so you might as well put that on your resume .	But languages don't have anything to do with engineering . Shouldn't everything I put on my resume have something to do with my field ?	Not necessarily . I think people would be impressed by your language abilities . It says something about your level of intellect and experience . Also , I think human resources directors want to see more of a well-rounded person in a resume .	It's just a piece of paper , you think that they can tell if I am a well-rounded person by looking at it ?
ddpc-0030	Good evening . Welcome to Cherry's . Do you have a reservation ?	No , we don't .	How many of you , please ?	Six , including two kids .
ddpc-0031	I hear you are expecting your family .	Yes , my parents , and soon my brother as well .	I didn't know you had a brother .	Oh , yes , he is two years older than me . He lives in New Zealand so I don't see him that often .	Oh , nice . Is he coming on his own or with the family ?	His son is coming as well . He wants to go to university here in England so they will visit a few universities while they are here .	Does your brother have just one son ?	No , he has two daughters as well . His wife and daughters are visiting her parents . So I won't see them .	I'm sure your parents are looking forward to seeing their grandson .
ddpc-0032	Who gave my dog this cooked chicken bone ?	I did . Why ?
ddpc-0033	Oh , my God . I can't take it any more .	What's wrong , honey ? Take it easy .
ddpc-0034	How would you like your hair set ?	I'd like to have it in big waves .	Shall I put some oil on ? B
ddpc-0035	Hello , this is room 1205 . Our message lamp is flashing .	Hold on a minute , please .	Thank you .	I am sorry to have kept you waiting . Mr . Johns needs a telephone call from you .	Would you bring the message to my room .	I'm afraid we have nobody available at the moment .
ddpc-0036	Do you take a bus to and from work ?	Yeah , everyday . And there ’ s only one choice . All the other buses are going the other direction .
ddpc-0037	I should tell you that I'm checking out in about 30 minutes .	I'm ready when you are , sir .	Very good ! Now , it's still morning here in New York .	You are so right , sir . The clock just struck nine .	I'm going to spend some time exploring the city . What can I do with my luggage ?	Sir , right here we have a storage site . Its only $ 5 an hour , but you need to leave a deposit .	A deposit ? Isn't my luggage a deposit ?
ddpc-0038	It's quit a big cafeteria , isn't it ?	Sure . I usually have my lunch here . The food is tasty and they offer a big variety .	Let's line up . The steak is very inviting . I'll have it .	I'll have ham and egg with French fries . What dessert do you want ?
ddpc-0039	I had to announce his innocence in court today , but it left a nasty taste in my mouth .	You mean you suspect him .
ddpc-0040	Lili , let ’ s take a vacation !	George , how can we ? Vacations cost money . And this month we don ’ t have much money left after paying the rent .	Well , Lili , we can visit different places in the state in our van 10 . We are not going to take a plane or stay at a hotel this time . Trust me , it won ’ t cost much .	Where will we sleep , then ?	In the van .
ddpc-0041	Hey Sandra , what's wrong ? You look furious !	I've had it with Tim ! I think I'm going to quit !	But Sandra ... you love your job ! You spent months trying to get this position . It's perfect for you !	Yeah ... I know . But I'm sick and tired of all the office power struggles !	What kind of power struggles are you talking about ?
ddpc-0042	Have you ever tried shopping online ?	No , never . I prefer to actually see and touch what I'm buying before I pay for it , especially for clothes and shoes .	That's right . Seeing is believing .
ddpc-0043	May I see your passport , please ?	Certainly . Here it is .	You are here on business , I think ?	That's right . A German company has invited me for business talks .	How long will you be staying ?	Just two weeks .	How many pieces of baggage have you got ?	Only one . In this case , I have a camera .	Do you intend to take it out on your departure ?
ddpc-0044	I am really interested in buying this television .	That's so great !	How much are you selling it for ?	This t . v is only $ 2500 .	You can't be serious .	That's how much this t . v costs .	That's too expensive for me .	This television is of very high quality .	You can't go down on the price .	By how much ?	I'll buy it for $ 2000 .
ddpc-0045	I'm a little nervous .	Don't worry . You'll be fine . First of all , put on your seat belt . Adjust the mirrors .	You don't think I'll need the seat belt , do you ?	Of course not . But it's a good habit to put it on every time you drive .	Just in case , right ?	Right . Hold the steering wheel with your hands at ten o'clock and two o'clock .
ddpc-0046	Here is the draft contract , Mr . Brown . Let's discuss the clauses to see if we agree on all of them . Then I will make out an original of the contract . After that , what's left is to fill out the contract and sign our names .	That's OK .	The contract is to be written in Chinese and English . Both languages are equally effective .	Fine . If you'll excuse me , I'd like to go it over first . ( After about 15 minutes ) Hmm , you've done a pretty good job . It's well prepared .	Thank you .	Well , I suggest that we discuss only the clauses and points where we have different opinions just to save time .	That's a good idea .	First , let's read Clause Two about packing . It's our usual practice to ship our products in containers . That'll save time and money , but your contract stipulates the use of wooden cases . So , we'd like to have the words containers are allowed in the contract .	Agreed .
ddpc-0047	Can I have the window seat over there ?	Sorry , sir . That table has been booked .	Well , in that case , this table is the only choice .
ddpc-0048	Did you pack this bag yourself ? Has it been out of your possession at any time before checking-in ?	Yes , I packed it myself , and it hasn ’ t been out of my possession .	Are you bringing in any plants or animal products ?	No .	Our sniffer dog seems to disagree . Do you mind if we look in your suitcase ?	Not at all . Go right ahead .
ddpc-0049	Joe , how are you doing ?	I am great ! How about you , Mary ? How are you ?	I am doing great ! Thank you for asking , Joe .	I was wondering if you want to go see a movie with me tonight ?	I need to stay home tonight and finish my term paper .	OK . What about going to the movies on Friday night ?	What were you planning on seeing ?
ddpc-0050	Nice to see you , Patrick .	Bob ! I hear your team won the match .	Yeah . All of us tried our best .
ddpc-0051	Can you help me do an internet search ?	Sure . What do you want to find ?	I want to find information on the American Civil War .	Well , can you be more specific ? There are a lot of websites about that .
ddpc-0052	A friend of mine has been taking an online career planning course these days . He told me the other day he has learned a lot from it . He recommended me to subscribe to it . What do you say ?	I think it is good if we know enough about career planning . We will make wiser choices . What else did he tell you about it ?	Well , just something in general , like several key steps in planning career and how to set specific and tenable goals .
ddpc-0053	Jim ? Jim ? ... What are you doing in the kitchen ?	Nothing , Mummy . I was hungry so I came here for some milk .	Milk ? I thought you didn't like milk .	I don't , but I couldn't find anything to eat in the refrigerator .	Nonsense . There's lots of food in the refrigerator ... What's behind your back ?	Nothing .	What are you hiding behind your back ? Let me see .	Promise that you won't get angry .	OK , I promise . What is it ?	It's a kitty .
ddpc-0054	Good morning , sir . Can I help you ?	Good morning . I'm interested in antiques . Do you have any ?	Yes , we have a great variety of Chinese antiques .
ddpc-0055	Room service , is there anything I can do for you ?	Yes , I am afraid there are not enough outlets .	Well , we have 6 for each room .
ddpc-0056	Lili , let ’ s take a vacation !	George , how can we ? Vacations cost money . And this month we don ’ t have much money left after paying the rent .	Well , Lili , we can visit different places in the state in our van 10 . We are not going to take a plane or stay at a hotel this time . Trust me , it won ’ t cost much .	Where will we sleep , then ?	In the van .
ddpc-0057	That looks graceful on you .	Thank you.But it is too bright for me .	How about this brown one ?	Let me try it on . I like that color .	Ok , i will get one for your.Here you are .	But it is too loose.Do you have the smaller size ?	Sorry , it had been sold out .
ddpc-0058	Jenny , what's wrong with you ? Why do you keep weeping like that ?	Mary told me that she had seen you with John last night . I got to know the fact that you are playing the field .
ddpc-0059	excuse me , could you tell me which line I ’ m supposed to stand in to buy bubble wrap and to post a package ?	you can buy the bubble wrap here , but you ’ ll have to stand in line over here to post your passage .	that ’ s a really long line . How long do you think it ’ ll take to get through all those people ?	it takes about 3 minutes per person , so it ’ ll probably be about an hour ’ s wait .	can I buy stamps here ?	sure . How many would you like ?	I need 30 for my Christmas cards .
ddpc-0060	It's too hot to read .	We'd better go out for a walk .	Which season do you like best ?
ddpc-0061	Diane Grant ? I haven't seen you for ages !	Brian ! How have you been ?	Pretty good . Say , you've really changed !	Oh , well , I've lost some weight . And my hair is longer than before .	Well , you look great ! How are you ?
ddpc-0062	Like a cat on hot bricks , as you might say . I don ’ t believe you are listening at all .	Sorry , I just worried about him . You know , he should be here an hour ago .
ddpc-0063	What a beautiful watch . It goes very well with your ring .	Thank you .
ddpc-0064	Are you going to vote ?	Of course ! Are you ?	I plan to , but what day is the election ?	You should know that .	Can you just tell me ?
ddpc-0065	Hi , Becky , what's up ?	Not much , except that my mother-in-law is driving me up the wall .	What's the problem ?	She loves to nit-pick and criticizes everything that I do . I can never do anything right when she ' s around .
ddpc-0066	Hello , ma ’ am , can I help you find something ?	Yes , actually I ’ m looking to buy a camera .
ddpc-0067	I hate computer games .	Why ? They are fine .
ddpc-0068	Hi , Ellen . That outfit looks terrific !	Thanks , Jim . I didn ’ t think guys paid attention to stuff like that .	No , we just don ’ t usually admit it !
ddpc-0069	Good afternoon ! Can I help you ?	Could you show me where the Chinesc-style clothing is located ? I want to buy a silk coat .	This way , please . Here they are . They're all handmade .	Oh , they look nice . May I try that black one on ?	Of course . The fitting room is right over there .	Do you have a medium in the same color ? This one is a little tight .	l'm sorry . All the black of that size are sold out . Would you like a red one ?	OK . Let me try it on . What do you think ?	Oh , that suits you very well . Besides it is believed in China that the red color brings happiness and good luck .	Really ? I'II take it and I'm leaving here tomorrow . Is it possible for you to send one in black to me by mail when you get it in ?
ddpc-0070	What's up ? You sound a little down in dumps .	I quarreled with my roommate last night . He is really stubborn .	Calm down ! Shouting won ’ t help ?	He is really outrageous .	What happened ?	I went back home last night . You know tired as a dog , so I took a quick shower and went to bed . I couldn't fall asleep , because Brian was there in the living room , playing his stupid stereo so loud . I kindly told him to turn that down a little bit . He shouted at me .	What ? He can't do this to you .	Well , he did it anyway . Then he came into my room and shot all his shit blah blah blah ... you know .
ddpc-0071	Where are you going ?	I'm going to buy a CD .
ddpc-0072	Professor Li , do you know where to buy art supplies ?	For what ? Are you taking up painting ?	No . I can't paint . I'm asking for my niece . She is really into it .	Oh , good . How old is your niece ?
ddpc-0073	I wonder if I can see your mother , little boy . Is she engaged ?	Engaged ? She ’ s married .	Johnny , I wish you ’ d stop reaching for things . Haven ’ t you a tongue ?	Yes , Mother , but my arm is longer .
ddpc-0074	Good afternoon . Can I help you ?	I need some remedies for an upset stomach .	Are you also suffering from pain and fever ?	Yes , and I also have the runs	I'll give you some tablets that should make you feel better . One moment , please . Here you are . Take these tablets three times a day swallow them with water .	When should I take them ?	Take on after each meal .	How long should I continue taking them ?	Take them for two days.If your symptoms persist for more than two days , you should see a doctor Also , be sure to drink plenty of water to prevent dehydration .
ddpc-0075	I'd like to apply for a credit card . Can you help me with my application ?	I'd be glad to .	I'm afraid that I don't have a credit history . I just came to this country .	Do you have an account with this bank ?	I'm afraid not .	In that case I highly recommend you apply for a savings and checking account also . That would help with your credit card application .	What is the interest rate on your card ?	The annual charge rate is 9.5 % .	That's very expensive !
ddpc-0076	Diane Grant ? I haven't seen you for ages !	Brian ! How have you been ?	Pretty good . Say , you've really changed !	Oh , well , I've lost some weight . And my hair is longer than before .	Well , you look great ! How are you ?
ddpc-0077	Mr.Chen , do you mind if I smoke ?	I'm sorry , Mrs . Lin . We don't allow smoking in the office .
ddpc-0078	What is your nationality ?	I am Chinese by birth .	Where is your domicile place ?	My domicile place is Hebes Province .
ddpc-0079	What's the weather forecast for today ?	Cloudy in the morning , overcast in the afternoon .
ddpc-0080	John , I was looking through some magazines for ideas about where we might go on vacation this year .	I've already told my buddy , Mark , that I am going hunting with him in Alaska .	You can't be serious !	Hey , I've always gone hunting or fishing on vacation . I am sorry that bothers you .	After a year together , I thought it pretty safe to assume that we would automatically spend our vacation together .	Says who ? I don't think that is necessarily the case .
ddpc-0081	Excuse me , can you tell me the name of the book you read ?	Harry Potter .	Harry Potter ? Is that book funny ?	Actually , the language itself is not so funny , but you can imagine the scene , that's funny .	Got it .	Have you ever read this book before ?	No , but my little brother likes it very much .	It's really a good book . You will like it too .	I'll try to read it . Actually , I like literature very much .	Wow , that sounds like a scholar . By the way , who's your favorite writer ?	Jane Austen .
ddpc-0082	Hello . I bought a China dress in your shop this morning .	Yes ?	I bought it one size up by mistake .	Oh , did you ?
ddpc-0083	What are you listening to ? Is that Beethoven or Mozart ?	It's Beethoven . Do you like it ?	I think Beethoven's music is incredible . I've heard that listening to it can make you more intelligent , too . Do you believe that ?	I don't know about that , but I do think that it helps people relax .	What other kind of music do you listen to ?	Actually , I mostly just listen classical music . What about you ?	To be honest , I think classical music is too complicated for me .	What kind of music do you prefer then ?	I like pop music . Do you ?	Not really . I don't think pop music has much depth .	I see what you mean . I think that's way I like it so much .	How long have you been in to pop music , then ?	I've always been into it . Have you always liked classical music ?	Not really . When I was little , we didn't really listen to music at all .	So , how did you become interested in it ?	Well , when I was about 10 years old , I started playing the piano . I think that's how it all started .
ddpc-0084	Would you check the engine , please ? It is knocking .	Sure . Do you want to have the car washed ?	Yes , please . When can you get it done ?	You can pick it up in half an hour . By the way , how are you going to pay , cash or credit ?	By credit .
ddpc-0085	I'm a little nervous .	Don't worry . You'll be fine . First of all , put on your seat belt . Adjust the mirrors .	You don't think I'll need the seat belt , do you ?	Of course not . But it's a good habit to put it on every time you drive .
ddpc-0086	I'll be willing to come and talk about the financing of our imports .	It can be solved by drawing a draft on us at 90 days sight .	What about a draft at 120 days sight ?
ddpc-0087	I was just watching a documentary on TV about how people use dogs for various purpose . It was very interesting .	I love dogs . They have been used as guards for centuries . Nowadays , they are often used to find illegal drugs and bombs by the police and customs officers .	The documentary also pointed out that they are used by shepherds to round up sheep and by rescue workers to find people trapped under rubble or snow .
ddpc-0088	What a beautiful watch . It goes very well with your ring .	Thank you .	Is that your wedding ring ?	I'm not married yet . It's my engagement ring .	Well , congratulations . When is the big date ?	In June .	Did you have the watch before getting the ring ?	Actually , we bought the ring together after I got the watch .	You did a fabulous job with the selection . It's gorgeous .	Thank you so much .	What kind of watch is it ?	It's a Tag Heer .	If you don't mind me asking , how much do they cost ?	This one is $ 1500 . But they range from $ 600 to $ 3000 .	That's why it looks so nice . I should have figured . You always get what you pay for .
ddpc-0089	Mr.James . I know that office hour is up now , but could you work during the weekend and finish the translations ?	Well , unfortunately I have got something to do this weekend . But let me see ...	Oh , I'm sorry.However , if you could help me out , I'll double the pay for the hours worked .	That's very kind of you.How soon do you really need them ?	I'll need them for the conference on Monday afternoon.Do you think it can be done by then ?
ddpc-0090	What can I do for you ?	I'd like to buy some milk powder . What would you recommend ?	We have many kinds of different purpose . I wonder whom you are buying for ?
ddpc-0091	Yes , madam ? Can I help you ?	Oh , yes , please . But you are just closing , aren't you ?	Well , yes , we are , madam . The shop shuts down in five minutes .	I shall not keep you long then . It was about some saucepans you had in your window last week .	Last week , madam ? I really can't remember which ones you mean . What were they like ?	Oh , they were lovely . Sort of imitation wood , dark brown color , country-style you know , and the lids , if I remember rightly , they had a sort of leaf pattern , or was it flowers ?	That's strange . I don't recognize any of the ones we had from that description . Are you sure they were in this shop ?	Oh , you must know the ones I mean . They were on sale , a real bargain . Reduced to a quarter of the original price . I couldn't believe my eyes when I saw them .	I am afraid the sales are over now , madam . And you know we all sold out of the saucepans .
ddpc-0092	What seems to the trouble Mr Brown ?	I ’ m in pretty bad shape , Doctor Ford .	Oh , In what way .	No appetite , always unaged and I can ’ t sleep well .	Did you lose any weight ?	YES . I ’ Ve lost quite a few pounds since last month .
ddpc-0093	We are going to have a picnic tomorrow at the picnic center .	That's great .	Now let's get things ready .
ddpc-0094	Hello , Miss Wu , This is Dan Robson calling from OTC limited . I'd like to check my last order . When exactly was it sent out ?	I can check that for you right now . Would you mind holding ?	Sure . No problem .	Mr . Robson , I'm sorry . Our computer system is down . Could I call you back later ?	Sure . Do you have my number ?	Yes , I have it right here . I'm so sorry about this .
ddpc-0095	Good afternoon , Johnson .	Good afternoon , Mary . How's business ?
ddpc-0096	Good morning . Craftsman Company . Can I help you ?	Yes , good morning . This is Mr . Suzuki from Video TV . May I speak to Mr . Johnson ?	I'm sorry , but Mr . Johnson is out at the moment . Can I take a message ?	Uh , yes , okay . Tell him John Suzuki called . That's S-U-Z-U-K-I .	Yes .	From Video TV .	Yes , Video TV .	Tell him I telephoned . I'd like to see him about the videotapes . Can he call me this afternoon ?	Yes , Of course . What's your telephone number ?	It's , area code 413 , 447-9626 .	That is 413-447-9662 ?	No , that's 447-9626 .
ddpc-0097	The restaurant across the street hired a new Chinese chef , so I ordered some Chinese food there for this evening .	Good . I love Chinese food . What did you order ?	Something hot and spicy . They look very inviting on the menu . You are going to love them .	Maybe we can find a place to learn some Chinese cooking . I hear there's a place in Chinatown where you can take some courses . Are you interested ?	I'm not sure . I don't enjoy cooking that much . As long as we can order it from a restaurant , we don't have to learn to do it by ourselves .	You are right . But I just want to know how they prepare food and make it taste so different .
ddpc-0098	Today I want to invite you to talk about insurance you ’ re interested in .	Thank you . I wonder whether I can enjoy the life insurance and health insurance .
ddpc-0099	Good morning , can I help you ?	I want to American breakfast with fried eggs sunny side up .	What kind of juice do you prefer , sir ?	Breakfast juice and please make my coffee very strong .
ddpc-0100	For the 100th anniversary of the opening of the library we are going to have a party .	That's a wonderful way to celebrate this grand old library !	I hoped you would be willing to brainstorm with me for party ideas .
ddpc-0101	What time is our connecting flight ?	Let me check.Oh , oh ! It ’ s at 3:25 .	Wow , that's cutting it close ! That means we only have 25 minutes to make the connection ! What gate is it at ?	It ’ s at ... gate 14 .	Oh , great ! That ’ s at the other end of the terminal !	OK , so here ’ s the plan ; When we land , run to gate 14 !
ddpc-0102	Good morning . Craftsman Company . Can I help you ?	Yes , good morning . This is Mr . Suzuki from Video TV . May I speak to Mr . Johnson ?	I'm sorry , but Mr . Johnson is out at the moment . Can I take a message ?	Uh , yes , okay . Tell him John Suzuki called . That's S-U-Z-U-K-I .	Yes .	From Video TV .	Yes , Video TV .	Tell him I telephoned . I'd like to see him about the videotapes . Can he call me this afternoon ?	Yes , Of course . What's your telephone number ?	It's , area code 413 , 447-9626 .	That is 413-447-9662 ?	No , that's 447-9626 .
ddpc-0103	Good morning , sir . May I see your passport ?	Yes , of course . Here it is .	Thank you . Are all these yours ?
ddpc-0104	Good afternoon , sir . Have you made a reservation ?	I am afraid not . Are there any vacant tables ?
ddpc-0105	Look at this newspaper article about this famous local medium . It says that she is really gifted and so popular now , that she is booked solid with appointments for the next twelve months !	You don't really believe in all that hocus pocus mumbo jumbo , do you ?	Well , I have had many friends that went to a psychic and got their palms read and most of the things the psychic told her came true !	Of course it does ! They tell you general and obvious things like that you will be successful or have a big house . I think most of the times they are just scam artists .	Well , historically it is a practice that many cultures share . Reading the tarot cards , in the east they would even read tea leaves ! I even heard that there are people that make you smoke a cigar , and then read your ashes .	All superstitious nonsense ! I would still like to go to one and see what he or she has to say , just for kicks .
ddpc-0106	Oh , hi , Jessica , are you going to see this movie too ?	I'd love to , the movies are smash hit .	Then let's go in .	I can't . I'm waiting for Paul , but he's late .	I'll say the movie's starting in the minute .	I know . I wonder what's keeping him .
ddpc-0107	Believe it or not , tea is the most popular beverage in the world after water .	Well , people from Asia to Europe all enjoy tea .	Right . And China is the homeland of tea .	Yes , Chinese people love drinking tea so much . Some even claim they can't live without tea .	Do you know there are several catagories of Chinese tea ?	Yes , I believe there are green teas , black teas and scented teas . Any Others ?	Well , have you ever heard of Oulong tea and compressed tea ?	Oh , yeah . Oulong tea is good for one's health . isn't it ?	You surely know a lot about Chinese tea .	Sure , I like drinking tea at teahouses .	Oh , so do I .	Why don't we go for one now ?
ddpc-0108	Professor Li , do you know where to buy art supplies ?	For what ? Are you taking up painting ?	No . I can't paint . I'm asking for my niece . She is really into it .	Oh , good . How old is your niece ?
ddpc-0109	What kind of place shall we rent ?	It should be close to the university . Neither of us are good at getting up in the mornings and closer it is , the later we can get up .	Absolutely . That's the most important thing to take into consideration . I'm not too worried about the size of the flat .
ddpc-0110	Hit ' em high , hit ' em low . Class of ' 93 — let's go !	Hi there , everyone . We hope you're having a good night !	Wasn't that football game great ! I just knew we'd win !
ddpc-0111	And there's a little upside-down Dilbert on the underside .	When you flip the tie up , he's right side up . Brilliant .	My dad will love this . He's a Dilbert fan .
ddpc-0112	Let's play chess .	I haven't played chess for a long time .	That's all right , I'm a beginner . I've just learnt how to play .	Look , there's a chessboard . Those two men have already finished playing .	You're a very good player
ddpc-0113	Good morning , Sir . Where are you going ?	I ’ m going to England by flight BE987 .	When is your flight ?	10:00 AM . When am I supposed to check in ?	we are checking in . May I have your ticket and your health certificate and your luggage please .	Here you are .	Are you keeping the small bag as carry-on luggage , sir ?	Yes .	You must weigh that as well .	all right .	Your luggage is two pounds over . I ’ m afraid They'll be in excess luggage charge , Sir .	How much must I pay ?
ddpc-0114	What do you usually have for breakfast ? Pancakes or waffles ?	I usually have cereal for breakfast .
ddpc-0115	I would like to buy a black suit .	Do you have any special brand in your mind ?
ddpc-0116	What seems to the trouble Mr Brown ?	I ’ m in pretty bad shape , Doctor Ford .	Oh , In what way .	No appetite , always unaged and I can ’ t sleep well .	Did you lose any weight ?	YES . I ’ Ve lost quite a few pounds since last month .
ddpc-0117	Hi , Mr . Smith . what's new ?	Nothing particular . But , ...	What's the matter ?	I , I don't know how to explain it to you .	Go ahead . It's nothing serious . We are good friends , aren't we ?
ddpc-0118	You are an outgoing person , quite easy to talk with .	Yes , my friends like to get along with me well .	Do you have many friends ?
ddpc-0119	Marco has fallen off a ladder . I think he's hurt his back . What shall we do ?	We'd better not move him . I'll get the first-aider .
ddpc-0120	I ’ m forming a music band .	Do you already know how to play an instrument ?	Uh ... Yeah ! I ’ Ve told you a thousand times that I ’ m learning to play the drums . Now that I know how to play well , I would like to form a rock band .	Aside from yourself , who are the other members of the band ?	We have a guy who plays guitar , and another who plays bass . Although we still haven ’ t found anyone to be our singer . You told me that you had some musical talent , right ?	Yes , I ’ m a singer .	Perfect . So you can audition this weekend here at my house .
ddpc-0121	Marketing manage office , can I help you ?	Mr Green , please .	Sorry , he's out .	What time you suspect back them ?	Sorry , I am not sure , can I take a message ?	No , thanks . I'll call back later .
ddpc-0122	Hello , Jack . I'm John .	I'm glad to see you !	Sit down , please . Maybe you have read the contract , but I want to give you the details again before you sign the contract . You must have a three-month internship .	Yes , I know .	When you become a permanent employee , you will have the insurances . You will get monthly pay and will be on eight-hour / day work shift .
ddpc-0123	Would you like to take a look at the menu , sir ?	Yes . Thank you .	Would you care for a drink before you order ?	A glass of Qingdao beer .	Yes , sir . I'll bring it over . Have you decided what you'd like , sir ?	Will you make some recommendation ?
ddpc-0124	I'm very sorry , sir . My car has broken down .	Sorry to hear that . Can we do anything about it ?	I'm afraid not .
ddpc-0125	Professor Li , do you know where to buy art supplies ?	For what ? Are you taking up painting ?	No . I can't paint . I'm asking for my niece . She is really into it .	Oh , good . How old is your niece ?	She is eight . Actually , I'm buying a good set of art supplies for her as a birthday gift .
ddpc-0126	I hear that Mary got mad .	So I heard .	What ’ s wrong with her ?
ddpc-0127	I'm not really accustomed to the style of the new boss .	It'll take us all some time to get used to the change .
ddpc-0128	Excuse me , are you Mrs . Green from England ?	Yes , I am .	I'm pleased to meet you , Mrs . Green . My name is Myra . I work in Beijing Institute of Technology . I came here to meet you .	How do you do ?	How do you do ?	It's kind of you to meet me at the airport .	Welcome to Beijing . Is this your first time in China ?
ddpc-0129	You look fresh recently.How do you make it ?	I attend an aerobic class three times a week .
ddpc-0130	I'm searching for an old music box .	You came to the right place . Any particular decade ?	If you had a box made in the ' 20s , that would be nice .	We just got one in yesterday , so now we have six .	Would any of them have dancing figures ?	Yes , we still have two boxes left that have dancing figures .
ddpc-0131	I'm going to go shopping for groceries in a little bit .	Why , do we need groceries ?	I believe we are all out of food .	Do you know what to get ?
ddpc-0132	Well , known , Jim , I'm ... I'm pretty much in favour of your computers , I think computers teach kids to think , because they require logical thoughts .	But I ... I don't agree with thatbecause computers weaken kids'ability to thinkbecause kids don't learn basic skills .
ddpc-0133	What seems to the trouble Mr Brown ?	I ’ m in pretty bad shape , Doctor Ford .	Oh , In what way .	No appetite , always unaged and I can ’ t sleep well .	Did you lose any weight ?	YES . I ’ Ve lost quite a few pounds since last month .	when was the last time you have track up ?	About two month ago .
ddpc-0134	Please tell me how to file things according to the concerned rules .	Well , all right . There are four points you should keep in mind when you file documents , information and other things .
ddpc-0135	Good afternoon . Can I help you ?	I need some remedies for an upset stomach .	Are you also suffering from pain and fever ?	Yes , and I also have the runs
ddpc-0136	I heard you've found a new job .	Yes , I'm now working in a company .	So you're quite happy with your new job ?
ddpc-0137	Excuse me , may I help you ?	Would you please fill some gas for me ?
ddpc-0138	I'm just calling to see if you have made any decision about the position .	Sorry , we haven't made the decision at all .	Do you have any idea when you might arrive at a decision ?	We will let you know probably next Monday . I hope to give you a positive reply .	I'm willing to wait until you have come to a decision .
ddpc-0139	Joe , how are you doing ?	I am great ! How about you , Mary ? How are you ?	I am doing great ! Thank you for asking , Joe .	I was wondering if you want to go see a movie with me tonight ?	I need to stay home tonight and finish my term paper .	OK . What about going to the movies on Friday night ?	What were you planning on seeing ?
ddpc-0140	911 . How may I help you ?	I need to report a break-in .	When did this break-in occur ?	Last night .	Where did the break-in happen ?
ddpc-0141	Excuse me , I ordered the well-done steak , but this one is so tough .	Well , sir , I think I have made a mistake . I will take it back to the kitchen right now .
ddpc-0142	Are you ready to go shopping ?	Not yet . I'm not finished with my research yet .	What research ?	Reading my fashion magazines ! How do you think I know so much about all the latest trends ?	But they're just ads .
ddpc-0143	Good evening , Pizza House . This is Marty speaking.May I take your order ?	Um yes . I'd like a medium pizza with pepperoni , olives , and extra cheese .	We have a two-for-one special on large pizzas.Would you like a large pizza instead ?	Sure , that sounds good .	Great ! Would you like your second pizza to be the same as the first ?	No , make the second one with ham , pineapple and green peppers . Oh , and make it thin crust .
ddpc-0144	I don ’ t want you to be worried , but our son has some bad habits now . He says painful words everyday .	What words ? Can you tell me ?	He says kick mommy , beat mommy , don ’ t want mommy , very quickly if I do something that he doesn ’ t like . You know , if I wash his face or change his clothes , things like that .	Honey , I don ’ t know what to tell you . Of course Tony is a young child . But do not underestimate his ability to learn and reason .	Yes , but sometimes he is just not reasonable .	I suggest you treat him with patience , affection , and respect . If he needs to do something , like go to bed , or be washed , etc . , please guide or help him to get it done , but lead him with gentleness .
ddpc-0145	I'd like to invite you to dinner tonight , do you think have time ?	Thank you for your inition . I'm free tonight .	Which kind of food do you like , chinese food , western food or sea food ?	I prefer sea food .	ok . I'll pick up your hotel at 6 thirty pm .
ddpc-0146	Do you like cooking ?	I love it . I really enjoy creating a meal from various ingredients and watching my friends enjoy it.It gives me a real sense of satisfaction.Do you enjoy cooking ?	I don ’ t like it.It takes up too much time and I really hate having it clean up after the meal . I can ’ t stand doing the washing up , drying up and putting all the dishes and cutlery away .	You can ask the guests for help . My guests usually insist on doing the washing up . I just have to remind them where everything goes .
ddpc-0147	Well , known , Jim , I'm ... I'm pretty much in favour of your computers , I think computers teach kids to think , because they require logical thoughts .	But I ... I don't agree with thatbecause computers weaken kids'ability to thinkbecause kids don't learn basic skills .
ddpc-0148	There's a new girl in school , have you seen her yet ?	I haven't seen her yet .	I think that she is very pretty .	Tell me how she looks .	She's kind of short .	What height is she ?	She's probably about five feet .
ddpc-0149	Believe it or not , tea is the most popular beverage in the world after water .	Well , people from Asia to Europe all enjoy tea .	Right . And China is the homeland of tea .	Yes , Chinese people love drinking tea so much . Some even claim they can't live without tea .	Do you know there are several catagories of Chinese tea ?	Yes , I believe there are green teas , black teas and scented teas . Any Others ?	Well , have you ever heard of Oulong tea and compressed tea ?	Oh , yeah . Oulong tea is good for one's health . isn't it ?	You surely know a lot about Chinese tea .	Sure , I like drinking tea at teahouses .	Oh , so do I .	Why don't we go for one now ?
ddpc-0150	Do you have something to read ?	Yes , I do .	Could you lend me one ?
ddpc-0151	Excuse me , are you Mrs . Green from England ?	Yes , I am .	I'm pleased to meet you , Mrs . Green . My name is Myra . I work in Beijing Institute of Technology . I came here to meet you .	How do you do ?	How do you do ?	It's kind of you to meet me at the airport .	Welcome to Beijing . Is this your first time in China ?	No , I have visited China several times , but it's my first visit to Beijing and I think it's a great honor to be invited to your beautiful city .	It's our pleasure to have you here . I hope you will have a pleasant stay here .	Thank you . I'm sure I will have a wonderful time here .
ddpc-0152	Hello , Nancy , nice to see you .	Nice to see you , too . I heard you are a staff of Nokia company .	Yes , I ’ m satisfied with this job .	Congratulations . What did you do during the interview ?	Pay more attention to the external expressions , because they are important for the first impression . Good manner and style of conversation can let other feel your good self-cultivation . Good gestures and mien can let other feel very comfortable .
ddpc-0153	Is the right counter to check in for this flight ?	Yes , it is . Please put your luggage on this scale .	OK . Is the plane on schedule ?	Yes , it is . How many pieces of hand luggage do you have ?	Two .
ddpc-0154	It is too bad today .	What happened ?	My som was lost . I told him to stand rooted to the spot when I went shopping , but he ignored it .	How did you find him at last ?	It was the police wo helped me to do that .
ddpc-0155	I'm sorry , our appointment has to be changed .	What a pity !	If you don't mind , may we put it off to the next day ?	That's OK .
ddpc-0156	Here is the draft contract , Mr . Brown . Let's discuss the clauses to see if we agree on all of them . Then I will make out an original of the contract . After that , what's left is to fill out the contract and sign our names .	That's OK .	The contract is to be written in Chinese and English . Both languages are equally effective .
ddpc-0157	How was the movie last night ?	I didn't really like it .	Mary said that she was really pleased with the photography .	I found it very disappointing .
ddpc-0158	Gary . Could you type up this report for me ? I have to take off early this afternoon .	Sure . Just leave it to me . I'll finish it .
ddpc-0159	Can you help me do an internet search ?	Sure . What do you want to find ?
ddpc-0160	You are looking really healthy lately . What are you doing differently ?	Thank you for noticing ! I've been making a few lifestyle changes over the past year .
ddpc-0161	Your knowledge of English is really surprising .	Oh , it's nothing to speak of .	No , seriously . I am impressed .	Thank you . I appreciate the compliment .
ddpc-0162	Shall we visit the Summer Palace tomorrow ?	Good . I don't want to leave Beijing without visiting it .	How far is it from our hotel ?	It's about 5 kilometers .	If we start early , do we have some time for Yuanmingyuan ?
ddpc-0163	I hear you are expecting your family .	Yes , my parents , and soon my brother as well .	I didn't know you had a brother .
ddpc-0164	I'm hungry .	So am I .	Where should we go eat today ?	How about we go eat in the cafeteria ?	I never bought food from the cafeteria .	You haven't ? They have a lot of good stuff .	What do they have ?
ddpc-0165	Do you like cooking ?	I love it . I really enjoy creating a meal from various ingredients and watching my friends enjoy it.It gives me a real sense of satisfaction.Do you enjoy cooking ?	I don ’ t like it.It takes up too much time and I really hate having it clean up after the meal . I can ’ t stand doing the washing up , drying up and putting all the dishes and cutlery away .	You can ask the guests for help . My guests usually insist on doing the washing up . I just have to remind them where everything goes .	So what kinds of dishes do you usually make ? I know you like Italian food .
ddpc-0166	Hi . Have you got a personal computer ?	Certainly . What's the matter ?	I wonder if you often trade with others on the internet .	Sure . I often buy things or do business through it without going out to the physical stores .	Great ! It's just like viewless stores . But how can you shop or order on line or trade on line ?
ddpc-0167	May I see your ticket and passport , PLS ?	Sure , here they are .	Any luggage ?	Just this suitcase .	Your backpack is very big and today's flight is quite full . I am afraid that you will have to check your backpack too .	No problem . What about this carry-on ?	You can take that with you .	Can I have an aisle seat , PLS .	No problem . I'll give you an aisle seat in the center row . And here is your ticket , passport and boarding pass . Please board the plane at Gate 15 .
ddpc-0168	Hello , Jack . I'm John .	I'm glad to see you !	Sit down , please . Maybe you have read the contract , but I want to give you the details again before you sign the contract . You must have a three-month internship .	Yes , I know .	When you become a permanent employee , you will have the insurances . You will get monthly pay and will be on eight-hour / day work shift .
ddpc-0169	What kind of place shall we rent ?	It should be close to the university . Neither of us are good at getting up in the mornings and closer it is , the later we can get up .	Absolutely . That's the most important thing to take into consideration . I'm not too worried about the size of the flat .
ddpc-0170	What did he say ?	He said he would tell us the secret of becoming a successful man .	It ’ s too good to be true ! If I were there , I would ask him if he himself was a successful man .	Nobody would drive him up a wall by asking him such a question , you know .
ddpc-0171	Our benefits usually include medical insurance , public accumulation fund and allowances .	What are the allowances ?	If you go on a business trip , you will enjoy the allowance . It is 200 yuan per day .	Well , I see . And what about the vacation in our company ?	As a new-comer , you usually have five days of annual vacation . And remember you have to fill out a request form , if you want to ask for leave .
ddpc-0172	Shall we visit the Summer Palace tomorrow ?	Good . I don't want to leave Beijing without visiting it .	How far is it from our hotel ?	It's about 5 kilometers .
ddpc-0173	Tell me about yourself .	I was born and raised in Beijing . I attended Peking University and received my bachelor's degree in Economics . I have worked for 2 years as a financial consultant in Beijing for China Pacific Insurance Co . Ltd .	What type of position are you looking for ?	I'm looking for a position in which I can utilize my experience .	Are you interested in a full-time or part-time position ?	I am more interested in a full-time position . However , I would also consider a part-time position .	Can you tell me about your responsibilities at your last job ?	I advised customers on financial matters . After I consulted the customer , I completed a customer inquiry form and catalogued the information in our database . I then collaborated with colleagues to prepare the best possible package for the client . The clients were then presented with a summarized report on their financial activities that I formulated on a quarterly basis .	What is your greatest strength ?	I am an excellent communicator . People trust me and come to me for advice . One afternoon , my colleague was involved with a troublesome customer who felt he was not being served well . I made the customer a cup of coffee and invited both my colleague and the client to my desk where we solved the problem together .	What is your greatest weakness ?	I tend to spend too much time making sure the customer is satisfied . However , I began setting time-limits for myself .	Why do you want to work for our company ?	After following your firm's progress for the last 3 years , I am convinced that your company is becoming one of the market leaders and I would like to be a part of that team .
ddpc-0174	Hello . This is Mrs . Wilson . I'd like to buy a new car . Could you offer me a new type of the car , please ?	Oh , Madam , buy what ?	A new car . And I've got a small family , two children , and I haven't got a lot of money and ...	Oh , oh , Madam , Madam , I'm afraid you have the wrong number .	Isn't this the car store ?	No . It's Mike's Sporting Goods .	Oh , sorry . Do you know the number for a car store , then ?
ddpc-0175	Good morning , sir . Can I help you ?	Good morning . I'm interested in antiques . Do you have any ?	Yes , we have a great variety of Chinese antiques .	What do you have ?	Well , we have some painting and some porcelain . Which do you like better ?	I'd like porcelain .
ddpc-0176	I went to the tutoring service centre on campus today . And I got a job .	Congratulation . What will you do ?	They got me a part-time tutoring job , teaching an Australian businessman Chinese .	That's wonderful . I want to get a part-time job too . Tell me what I should do .	It's very simple actually . You can go to the service centre and have your name and job interest resisted . They will give you a call if any job comes up .
ddpc-0177	The plumbing in my new apartment is not working .	I need you to tell me what the problem is .	The bathroom sink is stopped up .	Is the kitchen plumbing messed up also , or just the bathroom plumbing ?	Just the bathroom plumbing seems to have a problem .	Did this just start happening , or has it been going on for a while ?	Everything worked beautifully until a few hours ago .	Are you going to be home so I can come by and take a look at the problem ?	I am not sure if I will be home later .	I will be coming by around 10 this morning . If you aren ’ t there , I ’ ll just use my key .
ddpc-0178	Hello ?	Hi , Mr . Smith . This is Mary . Is Jenny there ?	No , I ’ m afraid not , Mary . May I take a message for her ?
ddpc-0179	It's especially cold when the wind is blowing .	Why don't you wear a scarf ?
ddpc-0180	Hi , I think I was supposed to call for my test results today .	If you go onto our website and put in your password , you can access your test results .	Are you saying that there weren ’ t any problems ?	I will always have you come in for a discussion if there is a major problem .	Will I be able to read the results on the website and understand them ?	Yes , if you go there , you can see what each test is about .	How will I know what the numbers mean ?	You can see your results and how they compare to the normal range .
ddpc-0181	Look at this newspaper article about this famous local medium . It says that she is really gifted and so popular now , that she is booked solid with appointments for the next twelve months !	You don't really believe in all that hocus pocus mumbo jumbo , do you ?	Well , I have had many friends that went to a psychic and got their palms read and most of the things the psychic told her came true !	Of course it does ! They tell you general and obvious things like that you will be successful or have a big house . I think most of the times they are just scam artists .	Well , historically it is a practice that many cultures share . Reading the tarot cards , in the east they would even read tea leaves ! I even heard that there are people that make you smoke a cigar , and then read your ashes .
ddpc-0182	I'm not really accustomed to the style of the new boss .	It'll take us all some time to get used to the change .
ddpc-0183	Excuse me . How long has it been since the business was founded ?	It has been 12 years since it was founded in 1998 .	So , it has a history for more than a decade ?	Yes . And it was incorporated with other businesses in 2008 due to the global financial crisis .
ddpc-0184	Are you doing anything tomorrow morning ? I'm wondering if you'd like to come to my office to discuss the new project .	Tomorrow morning ? What about tomorrow afternoon ?	Then I'll see you in the afternoon .
ddpc-0185	Can I have a look at that digital camera please ?	Yes of course . This is a really good one actually .	How much does it cost ?
ddpc-0186	A friend of mine has been taking an online career planning course these days . He told me the other day he has learned a lot from it . He recommended me to subscribe to it . What do you say ?	I think it is good if we know enough about career planning . We will make wiser choices . What else did he tell you about it ?	Well , just something in general , like several key steps in planning career and how to set specific and tenable goals .
ddpc-0187	What is life ?	Don't ask such a question . You know it has no certain answer . Everyone knows it is in his heart .
ddpc-0188	You've heard of Bruce Jenner , haven't you ?	He won the decathlon in the 1976 Olympics , right ?	I read that he trained so much that he used to dream about jumping hurdles .	I can think of better things to dream about ...	Sometimes he would wake up covered in sweat , with his legs pumping away .
ddpc-0189	Hey Julie , you want to go grab something to eat ?	Sure ! What do you feel like having ?	I really feel like having a big juicy steak !	Oh . OK . I don't eat meat , but that's fine , I am sure wherever we are going they will have other options right ?	I didn't know you were a vegetarian !	I'm not , I am a vegan .	A what ?
ddpc-0190	I'll be willing to come and talk about the financing of our imports .	It can be solved by drawing a draft on us at 90 days sight .	What about a draft at 120 days sight ?
ddpc-0191	Do you like watching the Winter Olympic Games ?	Of course . It's the tradition game in winter , and with good reason . Don't you like watching it ?	Of course I do . I love it . All the games are exciting and the competitors are respectable .	That's true . For various reasons , it takes more to hold a fierce game for Winter Olympics than it does for Summer Olympics . You know , the low temperature may cause many problems .	Yeah . What's the difference between the Winter Olympics and the Summer Olympics ?
ddpc-0192	Where do you plan to go this winter ?	Alps , suppose .	Oh , yes , you like skiing .
ddpc-0193	I'm looking for a good multivitamin . Can you recommend one ?	Yes . Come with me to the vitamin section .
ddpc-0194	I'd like to order breakfast , please .	What'd you like , madam ?	Two muffins and a cup of coffee.Will it take long ?	No , just a few minutes .
ddpc-0195	I'm not really accustomed to the style of the new boss .	It'll take us all some time to get used to the change .
ddpc-0196	Jeff , look at this listing ! It says there is a cozy studio apartment for rent , and it's only $ 700 per month . What do you think ?	Well I think I can afford that apartment . But are pets allowed ?	Hmm ... let me look . Yes , it says it's a pet-friendly building .	That's great . That means I can bring my cat , Mr . Twinkles . Where is the apartment located ?
ddpc-0197	I would like to watch the Oscars on tv tonight . How about you ?	Yes , I ‘ d love to . it ’ s interesting to see who is considered the best in their field and which film are thought to be particularly good .
ddpc-0198	the James ’ s file , Christine ?	I had it right here a minute ago , Mr . Emory . Umm . Just a minute ...	Christine , I know you ’ re new here and there ’ s a lot to learn , but you are going to have to learn to keep your work in better order . We can ’ t afford to lose an important document .
ddpc-0199	Excuse me , may I help you ?	Would you please fill some gas for me ?	Sure . Which kind of gas do you want ?	Unleaded , please .	OK .
ddpc-0200	did you know that abortion is still illegal in many states in the USA ?	why ? I thought Americans were supposed to be more open than that .	well , for many religious people , they believe that people who abort their babies are murderers .	do you think most people in America believe that abortion is wrong ?	no , I think it's mostly the older generation who are against abortions .	it's no wonder there are so many teenage pregnancies in America .	religious people blame it on pre-marital sex , not on abortion being illegal .	what do you think about abortion ?	I personally would never want to have one , but I think that since a pregnancy can affect a woman's entire life , she should have the right to decide for herself .	do you think the fathers should have some kind of say in the matter ?	I know this is going to sound sexist , but I don't think that men should have to give their approval to the mothers of their children .
ddpc-0201	I need to stop eating such unhealthy foods .	I know what you mean . I've started eating better myself .	What foods do you eat now ?	I tend to stick to fruits , vegetables , and chicken .	Those are the only things you eat ?	That's basically what I eat .	Why aren't you eating anything else ?
ddpc-0202	Tom , I won first prize in the poetry contest .	Come on ! You're pulling my leg .	Really ! Here's my trophy .
ddpc-0203	I am calling to find out why I didn ’ t receive an unemployment check this week .	Did you send in your Continued Claim Form for the last period ?	I think I forgot to send it in !
ddpc-0204	How do you decide what grade we get ?	I look at many things , attendance , quizzes , and tests .
ddpc-0205	Would you care for something to drink , Mr . Stone ?	No , thank you , Mrs . Carter . I'm fine for now .
ddpc-0206	What date would you like to depart , sir ?	Do you have any seats for September 16th ?	Let's see ... I'm afraid the 16th is fully booked . But I have seats for the 17th .	The 17th will be fine .	And what date will you be returning ?	Hmm , I guess on the 28th .	Okay , you're booked on American Airlines flight 710 , departing JFK at 6	Sounds good . Thanks a lot .
ddpc-0207	Good morning , Sir . Where are you going ?	I ’ m going to England by flight BE987 .	When is your flight ?	10:00 AM . When am I supposed to check in ?	we are checking in . May I have your ticket and your health certificate and your luggage please .	Here you are .	Are you keeping the small bag as carry-on luggage , sir ?	Yes .	You must weigh that as well .	all right .	Your luggage is two pounds over . I ’ m afraid They'll be in excess luggage charge , Sir .	How much must I pay ?
ddpc-0208	Let's have some lunch ; do you know of a great restaurant somewhere ?	Yes , I'm hungry . What types of food sound good ?	Maybe just a quick sandwich , salad , or something .
ddpc-0209	I would like to buy a black suit .	Do you have any special brand in your mind ?
ddpc-0210	What are the most popular sports in your country ?	Swimming in summer and skating in winter.What ' s your favorite sport ?	Jogging and bowling . Do you know how to practise Bungfu ?	No I don't But l do Taijiquan or Shadow boxing.People everywhere in China usually do Taijiquan early in the morning.It can help people keep fit.It has a history of over three hundred years .	Is it easy to learn ?	Yes . it is I can teach you if you like .	Thank you . I can teach you how to bowl .	Right . Let's help each other .
ddpc-0211	The restaurant across the street hired a new Chinese chef , so I ordered some Chinese food there for this evening .	Good . I love Chinese food . What did you order ?	Something hot and spicy . They look very inviting on the menu . You are going to love them .	Maybe we can find a place to learn some Chinese cooking . I hear there's a place in Chinatown where you can take some courses . Are you interested ?
ddpc-0212	Who gave my dog this cooked chicken bone ?	I did . Why ?
ddpc-0213	Hi , Sam . I want to buy a pet . Do you have any ideas ?	You really should go to Rachel's pet store .	Why ? anything special there ?	It's more than special . You can find as many kinds of animals as you can put a name to and more .	Oh , really ? are there any snakes ?	Snakes ? there are even rodents and monkeys ! it's a world of exotic pets .	That's terrific . I can't wait to check it out .	Hang on . are you sure you want to keep a non-traditional pet ?	Why not ? it's so cool .	But it will pose a risk to your health .	Pardon ?	I mean , most reptiles carry some harmful bacteria , they are likely to cause immune system problems .	Well , I didn't realize that .	I don't believe it's a good choice to keep those pets , especially for families with young children .	Oh , I should have thought of my brother's baby girl . Maybe I'll just have a dog instead of an exotic pet .	Yes , good luck , Maria .
ddpc-0214	Could you show me what you've got ?	We've got several good chicken dishes if you like chicken .	We'll try one of your specials this time .
ddpc-0215	What do you think of doctor Thomson ?	I feel confident of his ability to cure my daughter's disease .
ddpc-0216	Do you have sport shirts for ladies ?	There are different types . Which one do you like best ?	I think the red one fits me well . Can I try it on ?
ddpc-0217	I called HP about my computer .	What did they say ?	They said I need a new hard drive .	That's too bad . How much is a new one ?	It's not too much , only about $ 85 .	Plus installation ?	No , my hard drive is easy to remove and replace .	Really ?	Yes , it's just a couple of screws .	That's nice .	It's a lot better than paying someone $ 60 .	If my hard drive crashes , I'll just call you .
ddpc-0218	Hello , Sir . How can we help you today ?	I need to find out some more information for L / C . I would like an outline of responsibilities , both ours , yours and the beneficiary , please .
ddpc-0219	Nice to see you , Patrick .	Bob ! I hear your team won the match .	Yeah . All of us tried our best .
ddpc-0220	The acting of this film is marvelous in spite of the thin plot .	I'm sorry for hero .	I don't think there's any excuse for his acting in some parts .	Don't be too critical . We can't expect it to be perfect .
ddpc-0221	Where to , ma'am ?	The Grand Hotel .
ddpc-0222	Yeah , look at all those new buildings going up ! Mr . Zhang , the traffic is pretty smooth . But we were told the roads from the airport to downtown were quite crowded and traffic jams could be as long as half an hour .	Yes , they were . But it has already past . The traffic from the airport to downtown has been relieved after the completion of Yan'an Aerial Road .	We've never expected that Shanghai is such a big metropolis , same as New York city . David , would it be a good idea to rent a car here ? I've got an international driver's license with a pretty good record in the States .
ddpc-0223	Oh dear , my weight has gone up again .	I am not surprised , you eat too much .
ddpc-0224	What's the matter with you , then ? You look miserable .	It's us .	What do you mean by " us " ?	Well , we used to talk to each other before we were married . Remember ?	What do you mean ? We ' re talking now , aren't we ?
ddpc-0225	I can't believe how hot it is .	It's not even noon yet .	That means it will get hotter .	I am dying from the heat .	Turn on the air conditioner .	It doesn't work .	What happened ?	I don't know .	Did you call the repairman ?	Of course .
ddpc-0226	Mr.James . I know that office hour is up now , but could you work during the weekend and finish the translations ?	Well , unfortunately I have got something to do this weekend . But let me see ...	Oh , I'm sorry.However , if you could help me out , I'll double the pay for the hours worked .	That's very kind of you.How soon do you really need them ?
ddpc-0227	I know you have a son . How old is he ?	He's going to turn six next month .	Who is looking after him ?	My mother-in - law . She retired last year .
ddpc-0228	Hi , Jim . How are you ? I haven ’ t seen you for a while .	I ’ m fine . I ’ Ve been out of town . I just got back .	Where were you ?	I was in New York for a wedding .
ddpc-0229	Sarah , you don't look so good . What's the matter ?	I've got a really bad headache and my stomach hurts .
ddpc-0230	It's especially cold when the wind is blowing .	Why don't you wear a scarf ?	What can wearing one do for me ?	You're cold because the wind is blowing into your open collar . It's not because your jacket isn't thick enough .
ddpc-0231	Hey , you look great ! how's everything ?	Yeah , you know what ? I've been going to the club regularly . The training really pays off . Now I am in a good shape and I know more about how to keep fit .	Really ? tell me about it . I haven't gone to the club for a long time . I am too busy with work .	It's important to do proper exercises .	You're right . Too much or too little won't do any good .	The trainer tells me , besides regular sports activities , I should also have a healthy and balanced diet .	Sounds reasonable .
ddpc-0232	I'm sorry I'm late .	Better late than never .
ddpc-0233	John , I was looking through some magazines for ideas about where we might go on vacation this year .	I've already told my buddy , Mark , that I am going hunting with him in Alaska .	You can't be serious !	Hey , I've always gone hunting or fishing on vacation . I am sorry that bothers you .	After a year together , I thought it pretty safe to assume that we would automatically spend our vacation together .	Says who ? I don't think that is necessarily the case .	You know , now that I think about it , I really don't have much more to say to you at all !
ddpc-0234	I have to check out now . My name is Ruth Carson . Can I have my bill , please ?	Yes , it's $ 167 .
ddpc-0235	Are you free tomorrow night ?	Yes , I am .
ddpc-0236	What do you think about the equipment in our company ?	We have to equip our company with a network of work stations at every office and show room as soon as possible .	I also realized this issue . And office automation is essential .	Besides , Internet tends to be more essential now in the information age .	Good idea . A network of work stations is helpful for our management .	And , to be frank , our copying machines are too slow ; our telephone system is limited in function .
ddpc-0237	I think it's time for me to meet my admirer and make him face the music .	You do ? How are you going to contact him ?	I'm leaving him a message taped to my computer screen .	What does it say ? Do you think he'll see it ?	He'll see it . It says , I like sweets . Meet me at two thirty in the parking lot .	Can I spy on you guys from the window ?	No . But I'll fill you in later . Right now I have to find Vince .
ddpc-0238	Good evening , Pizza House . This is Marty speaking.May I take your order ?	Um yes . I'd like a medium pizza with pepperoni , olives , and extra cheese .	We have a two-for-one special on large pizzas.Would you like a large pizza instead ?	Sure , that sounds good .	Great ! Would you like your second pizza to be the same as the first ?	No , make the second one with ham , pineapple and green peppers . Oh , and make it thin crust .
ddpc-0239	Good morning , sir . Sorry to disturb you . May I make up the room now ?	Yes , please . We're on our way out , so we put the ' make up ' sign on . Could you bring us some towels and hangers ?
ddpc-0240	Excuse me , could you please show me the way to the human resource department ?	Yeah , but have you made an appointment ahead ?	Yes , of course . I am Monica . I have made an appointment with your HR manager .	Just a minute please . I ’ ll make a call to the HR office . Yes , they confirm your appointment . Please come in . it is on the 3rd floor , room 3106 . You can take the right elevator as the left on is in maintenance today .
ddpc-0241	What a mess !	Sorry . I'll clean it up .
ddpc-0242	Let's do something outdoors today .	All right . But I don't want to play tennis . We played tennis last weekend .
ddpc-0243	Good afternoon ! Can I help you ?	Could you show me where the Chinesc-style clothing is located ? I want to buy a silk coat .	This way , please . Here they are . They're all handmade .	Oh , they look nice . May I try that black one on ?	Of course . The fitting room is right over there .	Do you have a medium in the same color ? This one is a little tight .	l'm sorry . All the black of that size are sold out . Would you like a red one ?	OK . Let me try it on . What do you think ?	Oh , that suits you very well . Besides it is believed in China that the red color brings happiness and good luck .
ddpc-0244	It's quit a big cafeteria , isn't it ?	Sure . I usually have my lunch here . The food is tasty and they offer a big variety .	Let's line up . The steak is very inviting . I'll have it .	I'll have ham and egg with French fries . What dessert do you want ?
ddpc-0245	What are your personal weaknesses ?	I ’ m afraid I ’ m a poor talker . I ’ m not comfortable talking with the people whom I have just met for the first time . That is not very good for business , so I have been studying public speaking .
ddpc-0246	Peter , how often do you exercise ?	Well , I swim and run every day .	Now , tell me , what do you eat ?	Well , I don't eat any meat , but I do eat fish and eggs .	Do you eat a lot of vegetables ?	Oh yes , and fruit , I love fruit .
ddpc-0247	Hi . Have you got a personal computer ?	Certainly . What's the matter ?	I wonder if you often trade with others on the internet .	Sure . I often buy things or do business through it without going out to the physical stores .	Great ! It's just like viewless stores . But how can you shop or order on line or trade on line ?
ddpc-0248	I can't believe how hot it is .	It's not even noon yet .	That means it will get hotter .	I am dying from the heat .	Turn on the air conditioner .	It doesn't work .	What happened ?	I don't know .	Did you call the repairman ?
ddpc-0249	I don't believe we've met .	No , I don't think we have .	My name is Gao Run .	How do you do ? My name is James Green .
ddpc-0250	I need to stop eating such unhealthy foods .	I know what you mean . I've started eating better myself .	What foods do you eat now ?	I tend to stick to fruits , vegetables , and chicken .	Those are the only things you eat ?	That's basically what I eat .	Why aren't you eating anything else ?
ddpc-0251	Hello ! This is Ruby speaking from G . O . T . International Travel Agency . What can I do for you ?	I ’ d like to make a reservation for my trip from Detroit to Beijing on April 13 on Trans Pacific Airline .	Do you want a single ticket or a round trip ticket ?	I ’ d like to have a round trip ticket with a one-year open return .	Economy or Business Class ?	Economy , please . How much is it ?	It will be $ 850 .
ddpc-0252	Here is the draft contract , Mr . Brown . Let's discuss the clauses to see if we agree on all of them . Then I will make out an original of the contract . After that , what's left is to fill out the contract and sign our names .	That's OK .	The contract is to be written in Chinese and English . Both languages are equally effective .	Fine . If you'll excuse me , I'd like to go it over first . ( After about 15 minutes ) Hmm , you've done a pretty good job . It's well prepared .	Thank you .	Well , I suggest that we discuss only the clauses and points where we have different opinions just to save time .	That's a good idea .	First , let's read Clause Two about packing . It's our usual practice to ship our products in containers . That'll save time and money , but your contract stipulates the use of wooden cases . So , we'd like to have the words containers are allowed in the contract .	Agreed .
ddpc-0253	Good afternoon , Johnson .	Good afternoon , Mary . How's business ?
ddpc-0254	I didn ’ t receive an unemployment check this week and need to know why .	Did you mail us your last Continued Claim Form ?	I am afraid that I forgot to send it in .	We cannot pay you unless you turn that form in every two weeks .	Is it too late to mail the Continued Claim Form in now ?	It can ’ t be more than fourteen days late for us to accept it .	I will mail it in a little early next time to avoid this problem .	You can ’ t possibly know in advance how much you will be working . If you mail it in too soon , we will reject it !
ddpc-0255	Did you watch the final last night ? My favorite singer won !	Oh , I love him too . He not only sings well but also shows perseverance when he encounters difficulties in the contest .	Yeah , he got booted after his initial performance in the audition , but he did not give up . He then tried at another two auditions .	He had barely survived the third audition and finally got a chance to advance in the contest . Fortunately , in the third audition , he has won popularity among the audience . And that's when I started to notice him .	Me too .
ddpc-0256	What are your personal weaknesses ?	I ’ m afraid I ’ m a poor talker . I ’ m not comfortable talking with the people whom I have just met for the first time . That is not very good for business , so I have been studying public speaking .	Are you more of a leader or a follower ?	I don ’ t try to lead people . I ’ d rather cooperate with everybody , and get the job done by working together .	Do you think you can make yourself easily understood in English ?	Yes , in most circumstances .
ddpc-0257	Steven , shall we go shopping tomorrow ?	Hum ... Why not go shopping the day after tomorrow ? Tomorrow is Saturday . I hate all the hustle and bustle of Saturday shopping .	But Sunday is the same with Saturday . If you don ’ t mind , that's OK .	Hum.Maybe it will be better . The most important thing is that I can have a day to relax after a week's work .	I see . We will go the day after tomorrow .	By the way , what kind of stores do we need to go ?	I want to buy some clothes in clothing store . When we are going back , go to the butcher's shop and buy some chicken .	Let ’ s also go to the jewelry store to buy a crystal necklace . I want to buy one for you as your birthday present .
ddpc-0258	Good afternoon . Can I help you ?	I need some remedies for an upset stomach .	Are you also suffering from pain and fever ?	Yes , and I also have the runs
ddpc-0259	Are you free this weekend , Miss Rose ?	Yes , I am . What's up ?	Then would you please go to a dance party with me ?
ddpc-0260	Can you help me now ?	No , but I'll be able to tomorrow .	That'll be too late .	Why don't you ask Bill if he can help ?
ddpc-0261	I can't believe how hot it is .	It's not even noon yet .	That means it will get hotter .	I am dying from the heat .	Turn on the air conditioner .	It doesn't work .	What happened ?
ddpc-0262	Look at this newspaper article about this famous local medium . It says that she is really gifted and so popular now , that she is booked solid with appointments for the next twelve months !	You don't really believe in all that hocus pocus mumbo jumbo , do you ?
ddpc-0263	This is the best dinner I've ever had .	How about the soup ?
ddpc-0264	We have made some adjustment on the prices . And this is renewed price list .	Thank you for allowing us 3 % reduction , but still we find your price is on the high side .	This is our rock-bottom price , and we can't make any further reduction .	If so , we find it difficult for us to go on with our talks .	Then what ’ s your counter-offer ?	This is our counter-offer .	We are sincere to make business with you , but the difference between your counter-offer and our price is too great .	So are we . Our counter-offer is in line with the world market .	How about meeting each other half-way in order to conclude the business ?
ddpc-0265	What can I show you ?	Do you have this shirt in a small ?
ddpc-0266	have you seen the new Cosmo magazine that I was reading this morning ?	I think I may have seen it on the kitchen table .
ddpc-0267	I heard that you finished my home inspection , and I was wondering how it went .	First of all , we need to understand what I was looking for . Do you know what the purpose of an inspection is ?	I am not sure what a home inspection is all about .
ddpc-0268	Is the right counter to check in for this flight ?	Yes , it is . Please put your luggage on this scale .
ddpc-0269	Marketing manage office , can I help you ?	Mr Green , please .	Sorry , he's out .	What time you suspect back them ?
ddpc-0270	I would like to watch the Oscars on tv tonight . How about you ?	Yes , I ‘ d love to . it ’ s interesting to see who is considered the best in their field and which film are thought to be particularly good .
ddpc-0271	There's a new girl in school , have you seen her yet ?	I haven't seen her yet .	I think that she is very pretty .
ddpc-0272	Hello ?	Hi , Mr . Smith . This is Mary . Is Jenny there ?	No , I ’ m afraid not , Mary . May I take a message for her ?	Yes , please tell her that band practice has been moved to Tuesday night at eight thirty .	O . K . No problem . Anything else ?	No , but if she has any questions , she can call me at 555-2345 .	All right , I ’ ll leave her the message , Mary . Thanks for calling .	Thank you . Bye .
ddpc-0273	We have made some adjustment on the prices . And this is renewed price list .	Thank you for allowing us 3 % reduction , but still we find your price is on the high side .	This is our rock-bottom price , and we can't make any further reduction .	If so , we find it difficult for us to go on with our talks .	Then what ’ s your counter-offer ?	This is our counter-offer .	We are sincere to make business with you , but the difference between your counter-offer and our price is too great .	So are we . Our counter-offer is in line with the world market .	How about meeting each other half-way in order to conclude the business ?
ddpc-0274	Peter , how often do you exercise ?	Well , I swim and run every day .	Now , tell me , what do you eat ?	Well , I don't eat any meat , but I do eat fish and eggs .	Do you eat a lot of vegetables ?	Oh yes , and fruit , I love fruit .
ddpc-0275	Would you please show me the necklace in the window ?	Is this the one you want ?	No , the one next to it .	Here you are .	Thanks . What kind of stone is this ?	It's a ruby . It is from South Africa . Would you like to try it on ?
ddpc-0276	Good morning , sir . Can I help you ?	Good morning . I'm interested in antiques . Do you have any ?	Yes , we have a great variety of Chinese antiques .	What do you have ?	Well , we have some painting and some porcelain . Which do you like better ?	I'd like porcelain .
ddpc-0277	I'm sorry I'm so late . I had a really bad day .	It's ten after six.We ' re late.But dinner is at six thirty .
ddpc-0278	Excuse me . Do you know where the Admiral Hotel is ?	That's over on Callaway Street , isn't it ?	Yes , but I can't find Callaway Street .	Walk that way for about four blocks . The hotel's about two blocks north of there .
ddpc-0279	Good morning . what can I do for you ?	I'm looking for some earrings for my wife as a wedding anniversary gift .	You've come to the right store . We've got a beautiful and wide selection of earrings for you to choose from .	I saw a pair of earrings outside your window . Can you show them to me ?	Do you mean the exquisite pearl earrings ?	Exactly . How much do you want for them ?	They're only three thousand yuan .
ddpc-0280	I hate computer games .	Why ? They are fine .
ddpc-0281	Do you speak English ?	Yes , a little .	Can you tell me how to get to the Jade Buddha Temple ?	I'm sorry . I can't quite follow you . Would you mind speaking slowly ?
ddpc-0282	We are planning to go to Beidaihe for vacation . Do you want to go with us ?	It ’ s so cool !
ddpc-0283	How is your new dormitory ?	It's very nice . There are only four people , and those girls are very kind and friendly .	Well , do you all major in the same subject ?	No , the other three girls major in a computer science , and they can help me a lot with the computer operating .	That's great !
ddpc-0284	I ’ m forming a music band .	Do you already know how to play an instrument ?	Uh ... Yeah ! I ’ Ve told you a thousand times that I ’ m learning to play the drums . Now that I know how to play well , I would like to form a rock band .	Aside from yourself , who are the other members of the band ?	We have a guy who plays guitar , and another who plays bass . Although we still haven ’ t found anyone to be our singer . You told me that you had some musical talent , right ?	Yes , I ’ m a singer .
ddpc-0285	Nice day , isn't it ?	It sure is .
ddpc-0286	Nice day , isn't it ?	It sure is .
ddpc-0287	I want to take a look at that home with the Open House flags out front .	What a wonderful neighborhood ! Can you find that house on our Open House list ?	Yes , that is one of the houses that we have on our list .	They always make the front yards look so great for Open Houses . Let ’ s see what the inside looks like .	I am going to go sign my name in the registry to let the listing agent know that we were here .	Signing the registry is a good idea . I think I want to see the kitchen next .
ddpc-0288	Good morning , sir . May I see your passport ?	Yes , of course . Here it is .	Thank you . Are all these yours ?
ddpc-0289	I think it's time for me to meet my admirer and make him face the music .	You do ? How are you going to contact him ?
ddpc-0290	Sarah , you don't look so good . What's the matter ?	I've got a really bad headache and my stomach hurts .
ddpc-0291	Good afternoon ! Can I help you ?	Could you show me where the Chinesc-style clothing is located ? I want to buy a silk coat .	This way , please . Here they are . They're all handmade .	Oh , they look nice . May I try that black one on ?	Of course . The fitting room is right over there .	Do you have a medium in the same color ? This one is a little tight .	l'm sorry . All the black of that size are sold out . Would you like a red one ?	OK . Let me try it on . What do you think ?	Oh , that suits you very well . Besides it is believed in China that the red color brings happiness and good luck .	Really ? I'II take it and I'm leaving here tomorrow . Is it possible for you to send one in black to me by mail when you get it in ?
ddpc-0292	Oh dear , my weight has gone up again .	I am not surprised , you eat too much .
ddpc-0293	Were you able to attend Friday night's basketball game ?	I was unable to make it .
ddpc-0294	Can you tell me the best way to look for an apartment ?	The local newspaper has ads for housing .	Is there any way to find a roommate to share an apartment with ?	Sometimes you can post an advertisement saying that you need a roommate .	What do landlords charge for rent ?	Would you like an apartment for just yourself , or do you need it for two people ?	There are two of us , but we only need a one-bedroom apartment .	You should be able to easily find that for twelve hundred dollars a month .
ddpc-0295	Sarah , you don't look so good . What's the matter ?	I've got a really bad headache and my stomach hurts .
ddpc-0296	Do you want to hang out tomorrow ?	Oh , I can't . I have a date !	Really ? Wow with who ?	This girl I've been chatting with for the past couple of months . She's really cool and she's driving over here this weekend .
ddpc-0297	Margaret , do you think I should enroll in the science course ?	Yes , I think so , If you want to graduated this year , you've got to take a science course .	Right , I figure since you are doing premedical , you know about the very courses .	Well , I have to take biology , chemistry , maps and physics.what you need is a good introductory course for non-science majors .
ddpc-0298	Professor Li , do you know where to buy art supplies ?	For what ? Are you taking up painting ?	No . I can't paint . I'm asking for my niece . She is really into it .	Oh , good . How old is your niece ?	She is eight . Actually , I'm buying a good set of art supplies for her as a birthday gift .
ddpc-0299	I ’ m fed up with marriage .	Why do you say so ? Everyone admires that you have a good wife .	Oh , no . When we were poor , we often tried our best to make ends meet . It was a hard time .	But now you are rich .	And we have some squabbles on some boring things .	This is ordinary marriage life .
ddpc-0300	I didn ’ t receive an unemployment check this week and need to know why .	Did you mail us your last Continued Claim Form ?	I am afraid that I forgot to send it in .	We cannot pay you unless you turn that form in every two weeks .	Is it too late to mail the Continued Claim Form in now ?	It can ’ t be more than fourteen days late for us to accept it .	I will mail it in a little early next time to avoid this problem .	You can ’ t possibly know in advance how much you will be working . If you mail it in too soon , we will reject it !
ddpc-0301	I'm so glad I bought this watch !	Cool ! Flashy red lines !	I think this is the coolest watch I've ever owned .	Is it waterproof ?	Isn't that a silly question ? You know how much of an athlete I am .	Uh , huh ... so what kind of sports do you need a waterproof watch for ?	Well , surfing , scuba diving ...
ddpc-0302	I have to go up to London for a couple of days next week . Would you like to come ?	That would be nice . How are you getting there ?	Well , I prefer to go on the train , but I suppose you want me to take the car .	Oh , I much prefer to go by car , then we don't need to get to the station with our luggage and ...	And I've got to drive . You know I'm not fond of that . I found it much more relaxing to sit in the train .
ddpc-0303	Where are you going ?	I'm going to buy a CD .
ddpc-0304	Good afternoon . Can I be of service ?	I don't know . Can I purchase Treasury Certificates here at this counter ?	Yes , of course . We have Treasury Notes with two , three and five-year terms available .	Two years is fine , with a value of 1,000 RIB .	OK , could I take a look at some ID please , like a passport ?
ddpc-0305	Have you ever tried shopping online ?	No , never . I prefer to actually see and touch what I'm buying before I pay for it , especially for clothes and shoes .	That's right . Seeing is believing .
ddpc-0306	Lin's office supplies . How may I direct your call ?	Marry Lin please .	Sure , just a moment . ... I'm sorry no one answer the phone .	All right , could I leave a message ?
ddpc-0307	What's wrong with you ? You look pale .	I'm not sure , I feel hot and cold .	When did the trouble start ?	I was sick most of the night .	It sounds like you are coming down with the flu . Let me take your temperature .	Have I got a high fever ?	Yes , thirty-eight point seven . Do you have a headache , chest or throat pain ?
ddpc-0308	Can you help me do an internet search ?	Sure . What do you want to find ?
ddpc-0309	What's up ?	Nothing much , what's going on ?	I'm having a party this Friday .
ddpc-0310	Hey Sandra , what's wrong ? You look furious !	I've had it with Tim ! I think I'm going to quit !	But Sandra ... you love your job ! You spent months trying to get this position . It's perfect for you !	Yeah ... I know . But I'm sick and tired of all the office power struggles !	What kind of power struggles are you talking about ?
ddpc-0311	Hello , Sir . How can we help you today ?	I need to find out some more information for L / C . I would like an outline of responsibilities , both ours , yours and the beneficiary , please .
ddpc-0312	I'm hungry .	So am I .	Where should we go eat today ?	How about we go eat in the cafeteria ?	I never bought food from the cafeteria .	You haven't ? They have a lot of good stuff .	What do they have ?
ddpc-0313	Excuse me , are you Mrs . Green from England ?	Yes , I am .	I'm pleased to meet you , Mrs . Green . My name is Myra . I work in Beijing Institute of Technology . I came here to meet you .	How do you do ?	How do you do ?	It's kind of you to meet me at the airport .	Welcome to Beijing . Is this your first time in China ?
ddpc-0314	Can you tell me the best way to look for an apartment ?	The local newspaper has ads for housing .
ddpc-0315	That looks graceful on you .	Thank you.But it is too bright for me .	How about this brown one ?	Let me try it on . I like that color .
ddpc-0316	Can you tell me where the pots and pans are ?	Pots and pans are right over there .	Oh , thank you .	Could I interest you in our store credit card ?	No , thanks . I already have credit cards .	But our credit card saves you 10 percent .	That's a nice discount .	Here . Let me give you an application form .
ddpc-0317	Hello .	Hi . It ’ s Tony calling from the dentist ’ s office . Is Lily there ?
ddpc-0318	Good morning , can I help you ?	I want to American breakfast with fried eggs sunny side up .	What kind of juice do you prefer , sir ?	Breakfast juice and please make my coffee very strong .
ddpc-0319	What can I get for you today ?	Could I get a hamburger , please ?	Would you like cheese on that ?	No , thank you .	Would you like a drink ?	Let me have a soda .	What kind of soda would you like ?	May I have a Sprite , please ?	Sure , no problem .	I would also like a bag of chips .
ddpc-0320	Hello , are you Chinese ?	No , I'm Korean . Where are you from ?	I'm from America . Are you settling in all right ?	I've already found a flat and it's quite comfortable . What about you ?	I live in my uncle's house . He came here ten years ago .	What do you think of the local accent here ? Has it been causing you any problems ?	I think it's just a matter of getting used to it .	I can't agree more .
ddpc-0321	Hide me , Yi-jun ! The kids all think I'm the real Easter bunny !	Aw , that's sweet ! I knew your costume would be a success .	It's a success all right . The kids keep trying to catch me .	Yeah , I saw that . I thought you were playing a game with them .	Some game ! You try being tackled by ten kids at once !	Um , Holly ? Look behind you . They're coming this way .
ddpc-0322	Where do you want to go ?	I'm going to the hospital .	Get in . I'll take you .
ddpc-0323	Jim ? Jim ? ... What are you doing in the kitchen ?	Nothing , Mummy . I was hungry so I came here for some milk .	Milk ? I thought you didn't like milk .	I don't , but I couldn't find anything to eat in the refrigerator .	Nonsense . There's lots of food in the refrigerator ... What's behind your back ?	Nothing .	What are you hiding behind your back ? Let me see .	Promise that you won't get angry .	OK , I promise . What is it ?	It's a kitty .
ddpc-0324	I was just watching a documentary on TV about how people use dogs for various purpose . It was very interesting .	I love dogs . They have been used as guards for centuries . Nowadays , they are often used to find illegal drugs and bombs by the police and customs officers .	The documentary also pointed out that they are used by shepherds to round up sheep and by rescue workers to find people trapped under rubble or snow .	Horses are useful to people too . We use them for sports and recreation .
ddpc-0325	Where are you going ?	I'm going to buy a CD .
ddpc-0326	Hey , May , look , Is that the the poster of the movie we saw yesterday ?	Yes , that's right . That's the poster of the The Witch .	May , I really regret watching it with you last night .	Did it scare you ?	Of course not . I just thought the movie was ... boring .	Boring ? Come on , you clutched to my arm all the time .	Well , I admit . The ghosts were scary .	I like scary movies .	That's Gucci's influence . I love science fiction movies !	Of course you do . They are silly stories just for little kids like you .	Don't call me kid . I am a grownup .
ddpc-0327	Are you free this weekend , Miss Rose ?	Yes , I am . What's up ?	Then would you please go to a dance party with me ?
ddpc-0328	It's too hot to read .	We'd better go out for a walk .	Which season do you like best ?
ddpc-0329	Have you any round-neck sweater ?	Yes . Actually our range of sweaters is the most comprehensive available .	Can I try this one on ?	Sure , go ahead .
ddpc-0330	Hello , take a seat please . Let's get straight to the point . This is our contract . Please read it carefully before signing .	Since we have reached an agreement on all terms , there shouldn't be any problems for the contract .	May we once more remind you that the contract should be canceled by one month notice .	Yes , I got it . Thanks .
ddpc-0331	I am absolutely famished .	Yeah . I am too .	Where did you want to go for lunch ?	I was thinking we should just go to the cafeteria .	I don't think I ever got food from the cafeteria .	I actually like the food there .	Does the cafeteria sell a lot of different food ?	They have anything you want .	I was thinking about getting some Chinese food .	I bought some chow mein at the cafeteria . It tasted great .
ddpc-0332	Is there anything else , apart from the Credit Rating and Debt to Asset Ratio ?	There is the Balance of Net Liabilities . This must not exceed its net assets and no business loss can be shown during the past two years .	Right , OK . That , again , shouldn't be a problem .
ddpc-0333	There's plenty left . Would you like another helping ?	I'd like to have some more . It's really good .
ddpc-0334	Excuse me , can you tell me the name of the book you read ?	Harry Potter .	Harry Potter ? Is that book funny ?	Actually , the language itself is not so funny , but you can imagine the scene , that's funny .	Got it .	Have you ever read this book before ?	No , but my little brother likes it very much .	It's really a good book . You will like it too .	I'll try to read it . Actually , I like literature very much .	Wow , that sounds like a scholar . By the way , who's your favorite writer ?	Jane Austen .
ddpc-0335	What kind of personality do you think you have ?	I'm quite active and energetic . I approach things enthusiastically and I don't like to leave things half-done .	Do you think you are introverted or extroverted ?
ddpc-0336	excuse me , could you tell me which line I ’ m supposed to stand in to buy bubble wrap and to post a package ?	you can buy the bubble wrap here , but you ’ ll have to stand in line over here to post your passage .	that ’ s a really long line . How long do you think it ’ ll take to get through all those people ?	it takes about 3 minutes per person , so it ’ ll probably be about an hour ’ s wait .	can I buy stamps here ?	sure . How many would you like ?	I need 30 for my Christmas cards .
ddpc-0337	what was your wedding ceremony like , Abigail ?	my husband and I got married in a registry office with just two friends there as witnesses . But then we had three parties to celebrate .
ddpc-0338	So Janet , do you do any sports ?	Well , I go to the gym a lot . I am a member of a gym nearby .	Yeah , how often do you go ?	About three times a week if I can .	Not bad ! Do you do any other sports ?	Not really . I ’ d really like to try golf , though .
ddpc-0339	Look at the show on TV . I am watching a food show at a very famous seafood restaurant . I really want to eat at that restaurant . I am a seafood lover .	Speaking of seafood , my mouth is watering . Let's go to the seafood restaurant in our neighborhood .	Sound great . Let's go !	Look at the crystal clear fridge . You can see so many kinds of seafood in it . They all look very fresh and delicious .
ddpc-0340	Good afternoon . Can I help you ?	I need some remedies for an upset stomach .	Are you also suffering from pain and fever ?	Yes , and I also have the runs	I'll give you some tablets that should make you feel better . One moment , please . Here you are . Take these tablets three times a day swallow them with water .	When should I take them ?	Take on after each meal .	How long should I continue taking them ?	Take them for two days.If your symptoms persist for more than two days , you should see a doctor Also , be sure to drink plenty of water to prevent dehydration .
ddpc-0341	Is it your first time to join the sports meeting of Junior High School ?	Yes , and it's great . What are the events at the sports meeting ?	Long-distance race , dash , hurdle race , relay race , standing long jump , high jump , shotput and so on .
ddpc-0342	Where to , ma'am ?	The Grand Hotel .	The Grand Hotel ?	Yes.Do you know where it is ?	No , Madam . I don't think I do .
ddpc-0343	Listen , Karen , I need your help . I don't know anyone here yet .	I'm glad to help you . What's wrong ?
ddpc-0344	Hello . I bought a China dress in your shop this morning .	Yes ?	I bought it one size up by mistake .	Oh , did you ?
ddpc-0345	You don't look too well . Maybe you should take the day off from work .	I couldn't do that . I have an important meeting to go to today .	Do you feel ok ?	Not really . After a 12 - hour flight , I've got jetlag , and on top of that , I think I've also got the flu .	Why don't you call your secretary and tell her to reschedule the meeting ? You should really get some rest or you'll end up feeling even worse than you do now .	Could you feel my forehead and check to see if I have a fever ?	You're really hot . Let me get you some Tylenol to bring the fever down .	Ok . I'll stay home this morning and rest , but if I feel better in the afternoon , I'm going to the meeting .	Zach , what's that on your arm ?	I don't know . It looks a bit red , but I'm sure it's nothing .	It looks like you have a red rash all over you ! Are you allergic to anything ?	Just cats , but I don't think I was near any cats in the last couple of weeks .	I completely forgot about your cat allergy . I took care of a cat for my friend here a few days ago . Oh no . we'd better go to the doctor and get some medicine . Let's go .	Shouldn't we make an appointment first ?	We would , but let's just go and see if there's an opening now before it gets worse .
ddpc-0346	Where do you plan to go this winter ?	Alps , suppose .	Oh , yes , you like skiing .
ddpc-0347	Will you be voting ?	I can ’ t wait to vote .	Who are you voting for ?
ddpc-0348	Do you have anything to do after this ?	No , I don't .	Shall we drop in somewhere for a couple of drinks ?	That sounds like a good idea .	I know a very interesting place .	Oh , do you ? Good .
ddpc-0349	Let me see your passport . Is London your final destination ?	No . I am a transit passenger going to Sweden .	How long are you going to stay here ?	Only one night .
ddpc-0350	Hi . Have you got a personal computer ?	Certainly . What's the matter ?	I wonder if you often trade with others on the internet .
ddpc-0351	I can't believe how hot it is .	It's not even noon yet .	That means it will get hotter .	I am dying from the heat .	Turn on the air conditioner .	It doesn't work .	What happened ?
ddpc-0352	I'm sorry I'm so late . I had a really bad day .	It's ten after six.We ' re late.But dinner is at six thirty .
ddpc-0353	Come on ! It's time to go !	Wait a minute ! Just hold your horses ! What's your hurry , anyway ?
ddpc-0354	How about eating out for a drink with me tonight .	Tonight ? I'm afraid I can't . I've promised Mark to go to the gym . Can we make it tomorrow ?	No problem . Let's say 6:30 p . m . at the Royal Restaurant , OK ?	All right . See you tomorrow night .
ddpc-0355	I ’ m taking BA fright 123 to London . Can you tell me where the reporting desk is , please ?	Yes , Madam . The reporting desk for the British Airway's flight to London is over there .
ddpc-0356	Good evening , ma'am . Table for one ?	Yes , please .	Will this table be all right ?	Actually , I'd like a booth by the window if that's possible .	Certainly . How about this one ?	This will be fine , thanks .	( Handing her a menu ) Your waiter will be here in a minute to take your order .	Thank you .
ddpc-0357	I'm very sorry , sir . My car has broken down .	Sorry to hear that . Can we do anything about it ?	I'm afraid not .
ddpc-0358	How do you celebrate national day in your country ?	There are parades in many cities and people fly the national flags from almost every public building .	What kinds of parades are there ?
ddpc-0359	Hello .	Hi . It ’ s Tony calling from the dentist ’ s office . Is Lily there ?	No , Lily is not here at the moment .	Could you ask her to call me back when she gets in ?
ddpc-0360	I heard you've found a new job .	Yes , I'm now working in a company .	So you're quite happy with your new job ?
ddpc-0361	Can I have the roll of film developed here ?	Surely of course .	Here is the film . Can I get my pictures tomorrow ?
ddpc-0362	how are you ?	I ’ m fine , thanks . Just trying to get adjusted . It ’ s hard to keep track of everything around here .	That ’ s for sure . You ’ re new , too , huh ?
ddpc-0363	Jeff , I'm going to the supermarket . Do you want to come with me ?	I think the supermarket is closed now .	Oh , When does it close ?	It closes at 7:00 on Sundays .	That's too bad .	Don't worry , we can go tomorrow morning . It opens at 8: 00 .	Alright . What do you want to do now ?	Let's take a walk for a half an hour . My sister will get here at about 8: 30PM and then we can all go out to dinner .	Where does she live ?
ddpc-0364	What happened , John ?	Nothing .	Why do you look unhappy ?	I ’ m rather disappointed at not being able to see my best friend off .	Oh , cheer up . He ’ ll understand you .	I hope so .
ddpc-0365	Marketing manage office , can I help you ?	Mr Green , please .	Sorry , he's out .	What time you suspect back them ?	Sorry , I am not sure , can I take a message ?	No , thanks . I'll call back later .
ddpc-0366	Room service.What can I do for you ?	l am afraid there isn't any fancy soap in my room .
ddpc-0367	Oh , my God . I can't take it any more .	What's wrong , honey ? Take it easy .
ddpc-0368	Next , please . Hello , may I help you , sir ?	Yes , I want to send a registered airmail letter to France .	Ok , it comes four dollars twenty cents .	Here is five dollars .
ddpc-0369	Hey , May , look , Is that the the poster of the movie we saw yesterday ?	Yes , that's right . That's the poster of the The Witch .	May , I really regret watching it with you last night .	Did it scare you ?	Of course not . I just thought the movie was ... boring .	Boring ? Come on , you clutched to my arm all the time .	Well , I admit . The ghosts were scary .	I like scary movies .	That's Gucci's influence . I love science fiction movies !	Of course you do . They are silly stories just for little kids like you .	Don't call me kid . I am a grownup .
ddpc-0370	Tell me about yourself .	I was born and raised in Beijing . I attended Peking University and received my bachelor's degree in Economics . I have worked for 2 years as a financial consultant in Beijing for China Pacific Insurance Co . Ltd .	What type of position are you looking for ?	I'm looking for a position in which I can utilize my experience .	Are you interested in a full-time or part-time position ?	I am more interested in a full-time position . However , I would also consider a part-time position .	Can you tell me about your responsibilities at your last job ?	I advised customers on financial matters . After I consulted the customer , I completed a customer inquiry form and catalogued the information in our database . I then collaborated with colleagues to prepare the best possible package for the client . The clients were then presented with a summarized report on their financial activities that I formulated on a quarterly basis .	What is your greatest strength ?	I am an excellent communicator . People trust me and come to me for advice . One afternoon , my colleague was involved with a troublesome customer who felt he was not being served well . I made the customer a cup of coffee and invited both my colleague and the client to my desk where we solved the problem together .	What is your greatest weakness ?	I tend to spend too much time making sure the customer is satisfied . However , I began setting time-limits for myself .	Why do you want to work for our company ?	After following your firm's progress for the last 3 years , I am convinced that your company is becoming one of the market leaders and I would like to be a part of that team .
ddpc-0371	Why don't you watch where you're going ?	Me ? You're the one who pulled out in front of me !	There was plenty of room for me to pull out.You didn't have to stay in the lane you were in .	Hey , listen . I had every right to stay in the lane I was in.You were supposed to wait until I passed to pull out.And anyhow , you didn't give me any time to change lanes.All of a sudden--BANG--there you are right in front of me .	I think my arm is broken .	Sorry about your arm , but it serves you right . You need to learn how to drive . You're lucky you didn't get killed . And I'm lucky to be alive too .	Listen , let's just wait until the police get here.Then we can decide whose fault this accident was .	Fine with me . I know the laws of the road . I'm not worried .	I have a cell phone in my car . Now it's probably on the floor on the passenger side.Why don't you get it for me , and then I can call the police ?	Alright .	It doesn't work . It looks like it's broken . I need to get to a hospital . You should drive me there .	Oh , yeah ? It's better if we make a police report first . Then you can go to the hospital .	Damn it ! I'm injured here . We could wait all day for the police .	Well , you'll just have to wait . I'm not going to move my car until the police arrive . I'll go into one of those houses over there and use their phone . Don't worry . You'll get to the hospital in time .	It really hurts .	Yes , maybe it does.But if you're going to drive like you did just now , you will have to get used to a little physical pain . You know what I mean ?	To hell with you . The accident was your fault .	I'm afraid it wasn't . And when the police get here , you will also see that it wasn't . But enough of this bickering . I'm going to go find a phone.Don ' t move that arm while I'm gone . Alright ?
ddpc-0372	And there's a little upside-down Dilbert on the underside .	When you flip the tie up , he's right side up . Brilliant .	My dad will love this . He's a Dilbert fan .
ddpc-0373	Are you ready to go to the mall ?	Yeah . Dig my new pants ?	Copycat !	What do you mean ?
ddpc-0374	Hey , Peter , have you had lunch yet ?	No . How about you ?	Not yet . Let's go to that restaurant on the corner .
ddpc-0375	Actually I have a passion for Chinese literature .	You do ?
ddpc-0376	Hi . I need to have my shoes repaired .	What ’ s the matter with them ?	Look at the heels . They are slanting .
ddpc-0377	I need to stop eating such unhealthy foods .	I know what you mean . I've started eating better myself .	What foods do you eat now ?	I tend to stick to fruits , vegetables , and chicken .	Those are the only things you eat ?	That's basically what I eat .	Why aren't you eating anything else ?
ddpc-0378	OK , everyone . Gather around . Here are the rules . No tackling . No pushing .	You shouldn't grab someone else's shirt . That's a foul .	Play is stopped when the person with the ball is touched .	You can touch them only between the shoulder and the knees .	The touchdown lines are there and there . OK , let's play !	Before we start , let's have a moment of silence for our fallen men .
ddpc-0379	What a beautiful watch . It goes very well with your ring .	Thank you .	Is that your wedding ring ?	I'm not married yet . It's my engagement ring .	Well , congratulations . When is the big date ?	In June .	Did you have the watch before getting the ring ?	Actually , we bought the ring together after I got the watch .	You did a fabulous job with the selection . It's gorgeous .	Thank you so much .	What kind of watch is it ?	It's a Tag Heer .	If you don't mind me asking , how much do they cost ?	This one is $ 1500 . But they range from $ 600 to $ 3000 .	That's why it looks so nice . I should have figured . You always get what you pay for .
ddpc-0380	Honey , what's wrong with you ?	I'm not feeling well . I'm very nervous .	Take it easy . We are going to have our own baby . You should be happy .	Yeah , I know .
ddpc-0381	We are planning to go to Beidaihe for vacation . Do you want to go with us ?	It ’ s so cool !
ddpc-0382	Will you be voting ?	I can ’ t wait to vote .	Who are you voting for ?
ddpc-0383	How about going to the cinema tonight ?	That's great . What's on tonight ?	I am not sure about the name of the film , but I know it's a romantic one .	Romantic ? I am afraid I like thrillers better .	Don't you think it's too bloody ?	On the contrary , very exciting .
ddpc-0384	How smart of you to book the tickets before hand !	Oh , do you really think so ?	Of course , otherwise you ’ ll just have to wait for hours .
ddpc-0385	Hello .	Hi . It ’ s Tony calling from the dentist ’ s office . Is Lily there ?	No , Lily is not here at the moment .	Could you ask her to call me back when she gets in ?
ddpc-0386	What's the problem , Nada ? You look down in the dumps .	I don't know . My life is a big mess . Everything is so complicated .	come on , nothing can be that bad .	but promise me , you'll keep it a secret .	ok , I promise . So what's troubling you so much ?	I've fallen in love with my boss .	really ? Is he married ?	no , of course not . He is still single .	then what's your problem ?	I try to keep it to myself . But there is a lot of gossip about us .	oh , I see . Office romance tends to be the subject of gossip .	worse still , he is trying to avoid me these days .
ddpc-0387	Hi Melissa , are you going home this weekend ?	No , not this weekend . I have too much work to do .	Where do your parents live ?	My father lives in Washington DC .	How about your mother ?	My mother died two years ago .	Oh , I am sorry to hear that . Is your father still working ?
ddpc-0388	Sarah , you don't look so good . What's the matter ?	I've got a really bad headache and my stomach hurts .
ddpc-0389	Now , what seems to be the trouble ?	It's nothing serious . But I always have a headache , and I haven't slept properly for several weeks . I've also lost appetite and my eyes are burning .	Mm , you do look rather pale . Let me take your temperature . Would you put the thermometer under your arm , please ? Now , let me listen to your pulse . Mm , do you feel weak ?	Yes , I never seem to have any energy .	I'll give you a blood test . Would you roll up your sleeve ? Just as I thought . You're anemic . You'd better pay more attention to your diet . Eat plenty of fresh fruit and vegetables and food high in protein . And don't stay up late working . Try to get more rest .
ddpc-0390	what's wrong , Jerry ? You look so upset .	to be honest , I was just dumped .	oh , I'm sorry to hear that . You can go on a holiday to cheer you up .	no , thanks . I'm not in the mood for traveling .	come on . A trip will do you good . Are you doing anything this weekend ?	I was planning on doing a lot of wallowing .	well , my friends and I are planning on going to Shangri-La on Saturday . Do you want to come with us ?	where is that ?
ddpc-0391	Can you tell me the best way to look for an apartment ?	The local newspaper has ads for housing .	Is there any way to find a roommate to share an apartment with ?	Sometimes you can post an advertisement saying that you need a roommate .	What do landlords charge for rent ?	Would you like an apartment for just yourself , or do you need it for two people ?	There are two of us , but we only need a one-bedroom apartment .	You should be able to easily find that for twelve hundred dollars a month .
ddpc-0392	I was wondering if you could help me with something .	Sure , anything you say .
ddpc-0393	Good morning , can I help you ?	I want to American breakfast with fried eggs sunny side up .	What kind of juice do you prefer , sir ?	Breakfast juice and please make my coffee very strong .	Yes , sir . American breakfast with fried eggs sunny side up . Breakfast juice and black coffee . And my correct , sir ?	Yes , that ’ s right .	Is there anything else , sir ?	No , that ’ s all .	Good morning , sir . I ’ Ve got breakfast your ordered .	Just put it on the table please .	Do you need anything else , sir ?	No , thanks . Oh , yes , could I have some juice for the mini bar ?	What kind of juice do you like sir ?
ddpc-0394	what was your wedding ceremony like , Abigail ?	my husband and I got married in a registry office with just two friends there as witnesses . But then we had three parties to celebrate .
ddpc-0395	I want to give our kitchen the works .	Why ? I think it ’ s convenient and good .	No . The decoration has been out-of-date . My friends have a whole kitchen now . It ’ s modern .	Why should we run after the fashion ?
ddpc-0396	Do you have sport shirts for ladies ?	There are different types . Which one do you like best ?	I think the red one fits me well . Can I try it on ?	Surely , of course .	Where is the fitting room ?
ddpc-0397	how are you ?	I ’ m fine , thanks . Just trying to get adjusted . It ’ s hard to keep track of everything around here .	That ’ s for sure . You ’ re new , too , huh ?
ddpc-0398	I hear that Mary got mad .	So I heard .	What ’ s wrong with her ?
ddpc-0399	Would you care for something to drink , Mr . Stone ?	No , thank you , Mrs . Carter . I'm fine for now .
ddpc-0400	Do you have something to read ?	Yes , I do .	Could you lend me one ?
ddpc-0401	It's getting late . I really have to go .	I hope we'll get together again soon .
ddpc-0402	What can I show you ?	Do you have this shirt in a small ?
ddpc-0403	what was your wedding ceremony like , Abigail ?	my husband and I got married in a registry office with just two friends there as witnesses . But then we had three parties to celebrate .	three parties ? That's quite a lot . That must have been expensive !	well , since my husband and I are from two different countries , and we live in a third country , we decided to have one in each country . It wasn't actually that expensive .	were your parents upset that they weren't there to see you get married ?	I would have liked them to be there , but they couldn ’ t afford to fly out to see us , and we couldn't afford to fly out to see them , so they understood .	did your husband's family get to meet your family ?	my husband's parents flew out to meet my family when we got married in my hometown , so that was great . Some people spend ridiculous amounts of money on extravagant wedding receptions , but we agreed t
ddpc-0404	Hey , you look great ! how's everything ?	Yeah , you know what ? I've been going to the club regularly . The training really pays off . Now I am in a good shape and I know more about how to keep fit .	Really ? tell me about it . I haven't gone to the club for a long time . I am too busy with work .
ddpc-0405	Mum , can I finish my homework later ?	Sorry . You know the rules .	But I want to watch TV now .	That ’ s out of the question .
ddpc-0406	Where do you want to go ?	I'm going to the hospital .	Get in . I'll take you .	About how much will it cost ?	It will cost you $ 10 .	By the way , what's the time ?	You can see the time on the meter . I have radio time , you know .	It's a quarter to 12 . Could you please drive a little faster ?	Certainly .
ddpc-0407	Do you have a package tour to Hollywood ?	Yes , here is the table , which plans do you like best ?	The seven-days trip shall be fine . How much is this tour ?	$ 300 .	We will take the trip . Could you give us a pamphlet ?	Here you are .
ddpc-0408	Can I have the window seat over there ?	Sorry , sir . That table has been booked .	Well , in that case , this table is the only choice .
ddpc-0409	I don ’ t want you to be worried , but our son has some bad habits now . He says painful words everyday .	What words ? Can you tell me ?	He says kick mommy , beat mommy , don ’ t want mommy , very quickly if I do something that he doesn ’ t like . You know , if I wash his face or change his clothes , things like that .	Honey , I don ’ t know what to tell you . Of course Tony is a young child . But do not underestimate his ability to learn and reason .	Yes , but sometimes he is just not reasonable .	I suggest you treat him with patience , affection , and respect . If he needs to do something , like go to bed , or be washed , etc . , please guide or help him to get it done , but lead him with gentleness .
ddpc-0410	What kind of personality do you think you have ?	I'm quite active and energetic . I approach things enthusiastically and I don't like to leave things half-done .	Do you think you are introverted or extroverted ?	I'm quite outgoing i think . I enjoy mixing and doing things with others .	What do you think is the most important thing for you to be happy ?	I maintain that the most important thing is having good friends . A person can't live all by himself I think . A friend in need is a friend in deed.The more really close friends I have , the better .	What kind of people do you like to work with ?
ddpc-0411	What seems to the trouble Mr Brown ?	I ’ m in pretty bad shape , Doctor Ford .	Oh , In what way .	No appetite , always unaged and I can ’ t sleep well .	Did you lose any weight ?	YES . I ’ Ve lost quite a few pounds since last month .	when was the last time you have track up ?	About two month ago .
ddpc-0412	I would like to watch the Oscars on tv tonight . How about you ?	Yes , I ‘ d love to . it ’ s interesting to see who is considered the best in their field and which film are thought to be particularly good .	I like watching it for the fashion . I like to see what the ladies are wearing . Of course , the men nearly always just wear the traditional tuxedo .	Sometimes the men wear flamboyant colours . Which films do you think will win awards this year ?	I ‘ m really not sure . Usually just one or two films look set to sweep the awards ceremony , but this year there are several contenders .	You ’ re right . This year should be much more exciting than usual . What ’ s you favourite award category ?	You might think this strange , but I like the category for best foreign language film .	It ’ s nice to see foreign language films making a little impact on Hollywood . I like the best actor and actress .
ddpc-0413	Please help yourself to whatever you like , don't be shy .	Yes , thank you . I've already been helping myself .
ddpc-0414	I have to go up to London for a couple of days next week . Would you like to come ?	That would be nice . How are you getting there ?	Well , I prefer to go on the train , but I suppose you want me to take the car .	Oh , I much prefer to go by car , then we don't need to get to the station with our luggage and ...	And I've got to drive . You know I'm not fond of that . I found it much more relaxing to sit in the train .
ddpc-0415	Did you watch the volleyball match last night ?	Yeah .	Who won ?	China .
ddpc-0416	Steven , shall we go shopping tomorrow ?	Hum ... Why not go shopping the day after tomorrow ? Tomorrow is Saturday . I hate all the hustle and bustle of Saturday shopping .	But Sunday is the same with Saturday . If you don ’ t mind , that's OK .	Hum.Maybe it will be better . The most important thing is that I can have a day to relax after a week's work .
ddpc-0417	We have been over this a hundred times ! We are not getting a pet !	Why not ? Come on ! Just a cute little puppy . or a kitty !	Who is going to look after a dog or a cat ?	I will ! I ’ ll feed it , bathe it and walk it every day ! We can get a Labrador or a German Shepard !	What if we want to take a vacation ? Who will we leave it with ? Plus , our apartment is too small for that breed of dog .	Ok . How about we get a cat or a ferret ?	We ’ re planning on having children soon , I don ’ t think those animals are a good idea with a baby in the house .	Fine ! Let ’ s get a bird then ! We can keep it in its cage and teach it to talk ! A parrot would be awesome !	I ’ ll tell you what , I can get you some hamsters and we ’ ll take it from there .	Yay !
ddpc-0418	Sarah , you don't look so good . What's the matter ?	I've got a really bad headache and my stomach hurts .	It sounds like you're coming down with something .
ddpc-0419	Can I have the roll of film developed here ?	Surely of course .
ddpc-0420	Peter , how often do you exercise ?	Well , I swim and run every day .
ddpc-0421	That dress is very pretty . Why don ’ t you like it ?	It ’ s too loud .	We ’ Ve been looking around for many hours.What on earth are you looking for ?	Well , you know , those styles or colors don ’ t suit me .	What style do you want ?	I want to buy a V-neck checked sweater , and it should be tight .	Oh , I see.How about the color ?	Quiet color .	I know a shop selling this kind of sweaters .
ddpc-0422	Where to , ma'am ?	The Grand Hotel .	The Grand Hotel ?	Yes.Do you know where it is ?	No , Madam . I don't think I do .
ddpc-0423	Room service.What can I do for you ?	This is room 2012 . Where is my laundry ? You promised to send to me this morning .	Well , let me check for you . I am sorry , sir . They mistook your order as a normal one.Actualty it's an express laundry , is that right ?	Yes , I ordered the express service .	Sir , we are terribly sorry for that.We will refund the charge and send your laundry to your room 3 hours later . Is that all right ?
ddpc-0424	I find that you spend little on handset charge every month . Have you any trick ?	It's simple . You can use call transfer .	Is it so simple ?	Sure . You know , we spend most of our time at home or in the office every day , so I receive handset calls with the hand-free telephone , so I need pay little for receiving calls .	It's true .	Call transfer has many other advantages . When I am in places where network can't cover , such as the high building , I also use call transfer function , which transfers my calls to the hand-free telephone and I will not miss any call .	That's all ?
ddpc-0425	I heard you've found a new job .	Yes , I'm now working in a company .	So you're quite happy with your new job ?
ddpc-0426	They ’ ll do the operation for you this Friday .	But Saturday is my birthday .	I think it ’ s important to do now . We can have a birthday party for you when you come out of the hospital .	But it won ’ t be on my birthday .
ddpc-0427	I am really interested in buying this television .	That's so great !	How much are you selling it for ?	This t . v is only $ 2500 .	You can't be serious .	That's how much this t . v costs .	That's too expensive for me .	This television is of very high quality .	You can't go down on the price .	By how much ?	I'll buy it for $ 2000 .
ddpc-0428	What kind of gas does this car take ?	I don't know . It's a rental .	I will give you premium unleaded . Alright ?	Sure , why not ?	That is the pump you are in front of .	Is it expensive ?	It is the most expensive .
ddpc-0429	Good morning . what can I do for you ?	I'm looking for some earrings for my wife as a wedding anniversary gift .	You've come to the right store . We've got a beautiful and wide selection of earrings for you to choose from .	I saw a pair of earrings outside your window . Can you show them to me ?	Do you mean the exquisite pearl earrings ?	Exactly . How much do you want for them ?	They're only three thousand yuan .
ddpc-0430	Can you direct me to Holiday inn ?	Cross the street and walk two blocks west.You can't miss it .
ddpc-0431	I ’ m forming a music band .	Do you already know how to play an instrument ?	Uh ... Yeah ! I ’ Ve told you a thousand times that I ’ m learning to play the drums . Now that I know how to play well , I would like to form a rock band .	Aside from yourself , who are the other members of the band ?	We have a guy who plays guitar , and another who plays bass . Although we still haven ’ t found anyone to be our singer . You told me that you had some musical talent , right ?	Yes , I ’ m a singer .	Perfect . So you can audition this weekend here at my house .
ddpc-0432	Are you ready to go shopping ?	Not yet . I'm not finished with my research yet .	What research ?	Reading my fashion magazines ! How do you think I know so much about all the latest trends ?	But they're just ads .
ddpc-0433	How was the movie last night ?	I didn't really like it .	Mary said that she was really pleased with the photography .	I found it very disappointing .
ddpc-0434	It's especially cold when the wind is blowing .	Why don't you wear a scarf ?	What can wearing one do for me ?	You're cold because the wind is blowing into your open collar . It's not because your jacket isn't thick enough .
ddpc-0435	Good afternoon , sir . Have you made a reservation ?	I am afraid not . Are there any vacant tables ?
ddpc-0436	We are going to have a picnic tomorrow at the picnic center .	That's great .
ddpc-0437	Where do you want to go ?	I'm going to the hospital .	Get in . I'll take you .
ddpc-0438	Look , how grand magnificent the Tiananmen Gate tour is !	What's Tiananmen famous for ?	It is largest pop square in the world.you see that is monument for the people's hero , and the Chairman Mao memorial hall on the south.there is great hall of the people on the west.there are two museums on the east .	What's that ?
ddpc-0439	I heard that you finished my home inspection , and I was wondering how it went .	First of all , we need to understand what I was looking for . Do you know what the purpose of an inspection is ?	I am not sure what a home inspection is all about .
ddpc-0440	Excuse me , may I help you ?	Would you please fill some gas for me ?
ddpc-0441	Have you got your invitation yet ?	My invitation ? No , I haven't . My invitation to what ?	The house warming party .	Whose house warming party is it ?	Tom and Bill Smith . They are both working now you know ? And they've bought a new house .	Oh , they have ? I didn't know . I haven't seen Tom lately .
ddpc-0442	Hey , could you help me try and figure out how to get ready for my job interview ?	The most important thing to do is to make sure you know the company and what services or products it provides . Do you know all about them ?	Yes , I pretty much understand the company .	Well , after you've done your research , you have to decide whether the company is casual or formal . Have you decided what they are yet ?	Yes , I've been observing them .	When you are choosing what to wear , keep all of that in mind . Have you chosen what to wear ?	I already have something to wear .	I would always be ready to go shopping with you ! Should we talk about other basics ?
ddpc-0443	I'm a little nervous .	Don't worry . You'll be fine . First of all , put on your seat belt . Adjust the mirrors .	You don't think I'll need the seat belt , do you ?	Of course not . But it's a good habit to put it on every time you drive .
ddpc-0444	Hey , you look great ! how's everything ?	Yeah , you know what ? I've been going to the club regularly . The training really pays off . Now I am in a good shape and I know more about how to keep fit .	Really ? tell me about it . I haven't gone to the club for a long time . I am too busy with work .	It's important to do proper exercises .	You're right . Too much or too little won't do any good .	The trainer tells me , besides regular sports activities , I should also have a healthy and balanced diet .	Sounds reasonable .
ddpc-0445	Excuse me , I'd like to ask you a few questions about the city .	OK , please .	My wife wants to take the children to go shopping , where is the best place to go ?
ddpc-0446	Very glad to know something about you , then what are you going to do when you finish .	Oh , I ’ ll go to shanghai to practice there .	That ’ s a good idea . It must be easy to find a job in shanghai .	I think so , you know there is a great deal of opportunity for business there .
ddpc-0447	Who gave my dog this cooked chicken bone ?	I did . Why ?	Didn't you know dogs shouldn't eat cooked chicken bones because they're bad for their stomachs ?	No , I didn't . I'm sorry . It won't happen again .
ddpc-0448	What game do you like ?	I like board games . I like chinese chess and draughts .
ddpc-0449	Hey , you look great ! how's everything ?	Yeah , you know what ? I've been going to the club regularly . The training really pays off . Now I am in a good shape and I know more about how to keep fit .	Really ? tell me about it . I haven't gone to the club for a long time . I am too busy with work .
ddpc-0450	I'm a little nervous .	Don't worry . You'll be fine . First of all , put on your seat belt . Adjust the mirrors .	You don't think I'll need the seat belt , do you ?	Of course not . But it's a good habit to put it on every time you drive .	Just in case , right ?	Right . Hold the steering wheel with your hands at ten o'clock and two o'clock .
ddpc-0451	You still have not given me those files I ’ Ve asked you for .	I ’ m sorry , Mr . Myers . I ’ Ve just been so busy today .	I really don ’ t want to hear your excuses , Janet . We ’ re running a busy office here . You ’ re going to have to keep up .
ddpc-0452	Hi Joe , how are you doing today ?	Things are going good today . How have you been doing , Mary ?	Things are going well for me , Joe .	Want to go see a movie tonight ?
ddpc-0453	What can I do for you ?	I'd like to buy some milk powder . What would you recommend ?	We have many kinds of different purpose . I wonder whom you are buying for ?	My son . He is two years old .	I see , sir . This one is very good .	Is it ?	You may rest assured . It sells well .	May I have a look at the introduction ?
ddpc-0454	I'd like you to do me a favor .	What is it ?	Can you mail this at the post office for me ? I have to go to the doctor for an appointment and I don't have enough time to go to the post office .	Sure . And I'd like you to get some cold medicine for me when you go to the doctor's .
ddpc-0455	You look upset , anything wrong ?	I'm going to quit the job .	Why ?	The task is tough .	You'd look before you leap .
ddpc-0456	Well , tell me something of yourself .	What would you like to know , Mr . Green ?	What working experience have you get ?	In 2004 , I got a job in the sales department of a trading company near Guangzhou . I started a sales representative . A year later , I was promoted to the position of sales manager . I had that job ever since , which is just over a year now .	Oh , good . Irene , can you tell me why you plan to quit being a sales manager to work here as my assistant ? Don't you like your present job ?	Frankly , some part of it I enjoy very much , but I prefer something more professional . It happens that I have a friend working here in this company . She told me the export department was to recruit an assistant . I felt very excited at this news . That's why I'm here .
ddpc-0457	I don't believe we've met .	No , I don't think we have .	My name is Gao Run .	How do you do ? My name is James Green .
ddpc-0458	The restaurant across the street hired a new Chinese chef , so I ordered some Chinese food there for this evening .	Good . I love Chinese food . What did you order ?	Something hot and spicy . They look very inviting on the menu . You are going to love them .	Maybe we can find a place to learn some Chinese cooking . I hear there's a place in Chinatown where you can take some courses . Are you interested ?
ddpc-0459	Good morning . Thank you for the interview .	No problem . Now , do you prefer working with others or flying solo ?
ddpc-0460	Excuse me , could you please show me the way to the human resource department ?	Yeah , but have you made an appointment ahead ?	Yes , of course . I am Monica . I have made an appointment with your HR manager .	Just a minute please . I ’ ll make a call to the HR office . Yes , they confirm your appointment . Please come in . it is on the 3rd floor , room 3106 . You can take the right elevator as the left on is in maintenance today .
ddpc-0461	Good afternoon , Johnson .	Good afternoon , Mary . How's business ?
ddpc-0462	As we know , mobile phones bring people great convenience and shorten the distance among friends and relatives .	It bears a great many of advantages , but also some weak points .	Is it ? I've never thought of any disadvantages of the mobile phone .	For instance , the mobile phone seriously distracts the attention of people from work and study .	That's true . Some people pay too much attention to their mobile phones .	Actually , it's not the fault of the mobile phone . But people should have a proper attitude towards it . Mobile phone is a tool serving people , not the fetters restricting them .
ddpc-0463	That dress is very pretty . Why don ’ t you like it ?	It ’ s too loud .	We ’ Ve been looking around for many hours.What on earth are you looking for ?	Well , you know , those styles or colors don ’ t suit me .	What style do you want ?	I want to buy a V-neck checked sweater , and it should be tight .	Oh , I see.How about the color ?	Quiet color .	I know a shop selling this kind of sweaters .
ddpc-0464	What's wrong with you ? You look pale .	I'm not sure , I feel hot and cold .	When did the trouble start ?	I was sick most of the night .	It sounds like you are coming down with the flu . Let me take your temperature .	Have I got a high fever ?	Yes , thirty-eight point seven . Do you have a headache , chest or throat pain ?
ddpc-0465	Valerie ! Hi ! Wow how are you ? It ’ s been such a long time !	Darlene ! Indeed , it ’ s been a while ! How have you been ? Wow , you look amazing ! I love what you ’ Ve done with your hair !
ddpc-0466	I'm looking for a good multivitamin . Can you recommend one ?	Yes . Come with me to the vitamin section .
ddpc-0467	Please tell me how to file things according to the concerned rules .	Well , all right . There are four points you should keep in mind when you file documents , information and other things .
ddpc-0468	I'm looking for a good multivitamin . Can you recommend one ?	Yes . Come with me to the vitamin section .
ddpc-0469	That way they look longer .	Now what are you doing ?	Putting on mascara .	Nasty . You'd better not rub your eyes .
ddpc-0470	I am absolutely famished .	Yeah . I am too .	Where did you want to go for lunch ?	I was thinking we should just go to the cafeteria .	I don't think I ever got food from the cafeteria .	I actually like the food there .	Does the cafeteria sell a lot of different food ?	They have anything you want .	I was thinking about getting some Chinese food .	I bought some chow mein at the cafeteria . It tasted great .
ddpc-0471	Can you tell that I ’ m excited ?	What are you excited about ?	I voted today .	Was this your first time ?	I just turned 18 a month ago .	You ’ re lucky .
ddpc-0472	You still have not given me those files I ’ Ve asked you for .	I ’ m sorry , Mr . Myers . I ’ Ve just been so busy today .	I really don ’ t want to hear your excuses , Janet . We ’ re running a busy office here . You ’ re going to have to keep up .	You ’ re right , sir . I apologize . I ’ ll get those files for you now .
ddpc-0473	Have you declared your income and are you prepared to pay tax ?	Not yet . I don't know how to fill out the form . What is the tax-free allowance for supporting a dependent ?	I don't really know . Why not ask the accountant or the lawyer of the law firm ? They will tell you which is subject or not subject to taxation . He can even help you avoid paying tax legally .
ddpc-0474	Jeff , look at this listing ! It says there is a cozy studio apartment for rent , and it's only $ 700 per month . What do you think ?	Well I think I can afford that apartment . But are pets allowed ?	Hmm ... let me look . Yes , it says it's a pet-friendly building .	That's great . That means I can bring my cat , Mr . Twinkles . Where is the apartment located ?
ddpc-0475	The restaurant across the street hired a new Chinese chef , so I ordered some Chinese food there for this evening .	Good . I love Chinese food . What did you order ?	Something hot and spicy . They look very inviting on the menu . You are going to love them .
ddpc-0476	Do you like being a doctor ?	Yes , most of the time . But , sometimes things can get difficult .
ddpc-0477	Shall we visit the Summer Palace tomorrow ?	Good . I don't want to leave Beijing without visiting it .	How far is it from our hotel ?	It's about 5 kilometers .
ddpc-0478	I was just watching a documentary on TV about how people use dogs for various purpose . It was very interesting .	I love dogs . They have been used as guards for centuries . Nowadays , they are often used to find illegal drugs and bombs by the police and customs officers .	The documentary also pointed out that they are used by shepherds to round up sheep and by rescue workers to find people trapped under rubble or snow .	Horses are useful to people too . We use them for sports and recreation .
ddpc-0479	Hello . This is Mrs . Wilson . I'd like to buy a new car . Could you offer me a new type of the car , please ?	Oh , Madam , buy what ?	A new car . And I've got a small family , two children , and I haven't got a lot of money and ...	Oh , oh , Madam , Madam , I'm afraid you have the wrong number .	Isn't this the car store ?	No . It's Mike's Sporting Goods .	Oh , sorry . Do you know the number for a car store , then ?
ddpc-0480	I do want to meet with you and take a look at your catalogue . We ’ re redecorating and are going to add some things .	Well , I ’ ll be glad to help you out . I can come out anytime on Tuesday or Thursday of next week .	Let ’ s put it down for 1:15 on Thursday . We ’ ll definitely need some new filing cabinets and at least one desk unit .
ddpc-0481	Helen , did you hear I ’ m having a party ? Next Saturday in my place .	I may have something on that day , but thanks for inviting me .	Well , drop by if you can .	I will , do you want me to bring anything ?
ddpc-0482	What kind of personality do you think you have ?	I'm quite active and energetic . I approach things enthusiastically and I don't like to leave things half-done .	Do you think you are introverted or extroverted ?
ddpc-0483	I should tell you that I'm checking out in about 30 minutes .	I'm ready when you are , sir .	Very good ! Now , it's still morning here in New York .
ddpc-0484	Excuse me , what's the time difference between Tokyo and London ?	8 hours . Tokyo is 8 hours earlier than London .	It's one day more or one day less from Tokyo to London ?
ddpc-0485	Do you like cooking ?	I love it . I really enjoy creating a meal from various ingredients and watching my friends enjoy it.It gives me a real sense of satisfaction.Do you enjoy cooking ?	I don ’ t like it.It takes up too much time and I really hate having it clean up after the meal . I can ’ t stand doing the washing up , drying up and putting all the dishes and cutlery away .	You can ask the guests for help . My guests usually insist on doing the washing up . I just have to remind them where everything goes .
ddpc-0486	What do you think of doctor Thomson ?	I feel confident of his ability to cure my daughter's disease .
ddpc-0487	Do you take a bus to and from work ?	Yeah , everyday . And there ’ s only one choice . All the other buses are going the other direction .
ddpc-0488	Hi , Ellen . That outfit looks terrific !	Thanks , Jim . I didn ’ t think guys paid attention to stuff like that .	No , we just don ’ t usually admit it !
ddpc-0489	Would you check the engine , please ? It is knocking .	Sure . Do you want to have the car washed ?
ddpc-0490	Hello . I bought a China dress in your shop this morning .	Yes ?	I bought it one size up by mistake .	Oh , did you ?	I wonder if you can change it to one size down .	Yes , of course.Will you come with the receipt ?
ddpc-0491	Excuse me . Do you mind if I try this on ?	Not at all . The changing rooms are just this way .	Thanks . It's a little tight . Do you have any in a larger size ?	Sure . I'll give you the next size up . That one is small , right ?	Yes . Also , I'm not so sure about the color .
ddpc-0492	Good morning , sir . Can I help you ?	Good morning . I'm interested in antiques . Do you have any ?	Yes , we have a great variety of Chinese antiques .
ddpc-0493	What are the factors that have great impact on the perspective of this corporation ?	External factors . I think the main external factors are political , economic , social and technological factors .	What are the internal factors that influence the company ?	The internal factors are composed of human resources , team spirit , innovation spirit and coordination between different departments , etc .
ddpc-0494	Good evening . Welcome to Cherry's . Do you have a reservation ?	No , we don't .	How many of you , please ?	Six , including two kids .
ddpc-0495	Do you like cooking ?	I love it . I really enjoy creating a meal from various ingredients and watching my friends enjoy it.It gives me a real sense of satisfaction.Do you enjoy cooking ?	I don ’ t like it.It takes up too much time and I really hate having it clean up after the meal . I can ’ t stand doing the washing up , drying up and putting all the dishes and cutlery away .	You can ask the guests for help . My guests usually insist on doing the washing up . I just have to remind them where everything goes .	So what kinds of dishes do you usually make ? I know you like Italian food .
ddpc-0496	The Johnson are on their way back.You remember them , don't you ?	Johnson ? I can't place them .	We met them in Bermuda last May .	They've completely slipped my mind .
ddpc-0497	The product's selling points is its advanced technoledge .	Unfortunately , it's just too expensive for majority of consumer to afford .	Why is the price so high ?	It's not just that the price is high , it's that the overhead to update an entire computer system to be compatible is costly .	Model of computers aren't compatible ?	Most current computer systems simply can't handle it because this model truly has extraordinary capabilities .
ddpc-0498	I want some cosmetics.Could you recommend some ?	I think Pond's is the best .	And they're very dear , too .	They're on special offer today .
ddpc-0499	Yes , madam ? Can I help you ?	Oh , yes , please . But you are just closing , aren't you ?	Well , yes , we are , madam . The shop shuts down in five minutes .	I shall not keep you long then . It was about some saucepans you had in your window last week .	Last week , madam ? I really can't remember which ones you mean . What were they like ?	Oh , they were lovely . Sort of imitation wood , dark brown color , country-style you know , and the lids , if I remember rightly , they had a sort of leaf pattern , or was it flowers ?	That's strange . I don't recognize any of the ones we had from that description . Are you sure they were in this shop ?	Oh , you must know the ones I mean . They were on sale , a real bargain . Reduced to a quarter of the original price . I couldn't believe my eyes when I saw them .	I am afraid the sales are over now , madam . And you know we all sold out of the saucepans .
ddpc-0500	Let me see your passport . Is London your final destination ?	No . I am a transit passenger going to Sweden .	How long are you going to stay here ?	Only one night .
ddpc-0501	It seldom rains this summer .	Yeah , some places are very short of water .
ddpc-0502	Would you check the engine , please ? It is knocking .	Sure . Do you want to have the car washed ?
ddpc-0503	Let's have some lunch ; do you know of a great restaurant somewhere ?	Yes , I'm hungry . What types of food sound good ?	Maybe just a quick sandwich , salad , or something .
ddpc-0504	Hi , Mr . Smith . what's new ?	Nothing particular . But , ...	What's the matter ?	I , I don't know how to explain it to you .	Go ahead . It's nothing serious . We are good friends , aren't we ?
ddpc-0505	Here is the draft contract , Mr . Brown . Let's discuss the clauses to see if we agree on all of them . Then I will make out an original of the contract . After that , what's left is to fill out the contract and sign our names .	That's OK .	The contract is to be written in Chinese and English . Both languages are equally effective .
ddpc-0506	Did you hear about the robbery ?	Did I hear about it ? I saw it happen .	Are you serious ?	I was there .	What happened ?	A man came into the bank with a gun .	That's insane .
ddpc-0507	excuse me , could you tell me which line I ’ m supposed to stand in to buy bubble wrap and to post a package ?	you can buy the bubble wrap here , but you ’ ll have to stand in line over here to post your passage .	that ’ s a really long line . How long do you think it ’ ll take to get through all those people ?	it takes about 3 minutes per person , so it ’ ll probably be about an hour ’ s wait .	can I buy stamps here ?	sure . How many would you like ?	I need 30 for my Christmas cards .	are you sending them abroad ?	twenty of them are going abroad to China and America .	do you have any going anywhere in the EU ? If you do , those are less expensive .	no .	ok , here you go . That will be 18 pounds and seventy two pence .	and the bubble wrap ?
ddpc-0508	Can we choose a time to look at houses together ?	Can you do that in the mornings , or would the afternoons be best ?	Either way is good for me .	There are a number of open houses this weekend in your area . Would that okay with you ?	I can take a little time off of work , or I can go on a weekend , also .	We could meet at the real estate office , or I could pick you up at your home .	I am leaving from work , so maybe I could just meet you at the first house that we will look at .	I can think of five houses that we should look at . It will take most of the day .	I would like to see as many as possible .
ddpc-0509	How are you ?	I ’ m doing well .	How may I help you ?	Could you cancel a check for me ?	What ’ s the problem ?	I wrote the check out for way too much .	How much ?	I wrote the check out for $ 150 .
ddpc-0510	Stupid girl , making me spend so much money , now I have to get it from the ATM ...	Hello , welcome to Universal Bank . Please insert your card into the slot .	I know where to put my card ! Stupid machine , talking to me like I ’ m an idiot ...	Please input your 6 digit PIN code followed by the pound key . Thank you . Please select an option.Thank you . You have selected withdrawal .	Yeah , yeah , I know what I selected . Just gimme my money !	Please type the amount you would like to withdraw . Thank you , you want to transfer 10000 USD to the World Wildlife Foundation . If this is correct please press 1 .	No , no ! Stupid machine , what are you doing ! No !
ddpc-0511	May I see your passport , please ?	Certainly . Here it is .	You are here on business , I think ?	That's right . A German company has invited me for business talks .	How long will you be staying ?	Just two weeks .	How many pieces of baggage have you got ?	Only one . In this case , I have a camera .	Do you intend to take it out on your departure ?
ddpc-0512	Hello .	Good morning , Ruth . Did I wake you up ?	No , I was just about to get up . What's up , Carl ?	Listen , I am calling to confirm what you said yesterday . Are we supposed to meet at the Chinatown terminal of the Avenue B bus or D bus ?
ddpc-0513	Why don't you watch where you're going ?	Me ? You're the one who pulled out in front of me !	There was plenty of room for me to pull out.You didn't have to stay in the lane you were in .	Hey , listen . I had every right to stay in the lane I was in.You were supposed to wait until I passed to pull out.And anyhow , you didn't give me any time to change lanes.All of a sudden--BANG--there you are right in front of me .	I think my arm is broken .	Sorry about your arm , but it serves you right . You need to learn how to drive . You're lucky you didn't get killed . And I'm lucky to be alive too .	Listen , let's just wait until the police get here.Then we can decide whose fault this accident was .	Fine with me . I know the laws of the road . I'm not worried .	I have a cell phone in my car . Now it's probably on the floor on the passenger side.Why don't you get it for me , and then I can call the police ?	Alright .	It doesn't work . It looks like it's broken . I need to get to a hospital . You should drive me there .	Oh , yeah ? It's better if we make a police report first . Then you can go to the hospital .	Damn it ! I'm injured here . We could wait all day for the police .	Well , you'll just have to wait . I'm not going to move my car until the police arrive . I'll go into one of those houses over there and use their phone . Don't worry . You'll get to the hospital in time .	It really hurts .	Yes , maybe it does.But if you're going to drive like you did just now , you will have to get used to a little physical pain . You know what I mean ?	To hell with you . The accident was your fault .	I'm afraid it wasn't . And when the police get here , you will also see that it wasn't . But enough of this bickering . I'm going to go find a phone.Don ' t move that arm while I'm gone . Alright ?
ddpc-0514	Excuse me . Do you mind if I try this on ?	Not at all . The changing rooms are just this way .	Thanks . It's a little tight . Do you have any in a larger size ?	Sure . I'll give you the next size up . That one is small , right ?	Yes . Also , I'm not so sure about the color .
ddpc-0515	Have you declared your income and are you prepared to pay tax ?	Not yet . I don't know how to fill out the form . What is the tax-free allowance for supporting a dependent ?	I don't really know . Why not ask the accountant or the lawyer of the law firm ? They will tell you which is subject or not subject to taxation . He can even help you avoid paying tax legally .
ddpc-0516	Hey , son , are you insured ?	Not yet , but I'm thinking of it . Have you bought one , Dad ?	I took out a life insurance policy and made your mother the beneficiary .	Can you tell me why you want to buy it ?
ddpc-0517	Excuse me . I am looking for a book called Little Women , but I can't find it anywhere .	Let me see . I am sorry we just have sold it out .
ddpc-0518	Excuse me , could you help me pick out a lotion ?	Sure , what is the problem ?
ddpc-0519	Jeff , I'm going to the supermarket . Do you want to come with me ?	I think the supermarket is closed now .	Oh , When does it close ?	It closes at 7:00 on Sundays .	That's too bad .	Don't worry , we can go tomorrow morning . It opens at 8: 00 .	Alright . What do you want to do now ?	Let's take a walk for a half an hour . My sister will get here at about 8: 30PM and then we can all go out to dinner .	Where does she live ?
ddpc-0520	What a nice day !	yes . How about going out and enjoying the sunshine on the grass ?	great , let's go !	hey , darling , I think I might have a little heatstroke from being in the sun all day . I was so relaxed . It felt as if I were in another world .	exactly . You know , the sunshine and wind remind me of our honeymoon . You remember ? The island , the sound of the waves , the salty sea air and the sunshine ...	yes , it was wonderful but it's already been a year . How time flies !
ddpc-0521	Hello , is this the ABC company ?	Yes , may I help you ?	We have just arrived from Tokyo only ... looking for a reserve car of your company . All of above , we cannot find it .	What is your reservation number ?	Our reservation number is J - 221 .	Let me see . Oh , yes , we have your reservation number .	You mean you haven ’ t arranged any car ?	I ’ m sorry to say no .	Here I ’ ll take taxi instead , how do you refund us ?
ddpc-0522	Good day ! Welcome to Lincoln Bank , how may we assist you ?	Hello . I need to find out if a Receipt of Proceeds has arrived . I'm from Felix Wasserman Associates .	Thanks . Have you got the L / C number ?	It's NX567822100007 .
ddpc-0523	Is it your first time to join the sports meeting of Junior High School ?	Yes , and it's great . What are the events at the sports meeting ?	Long-distance race , dash , hurdle race , relay race , standing long jump , high jump , shotput and so on .
ddpc-0524	Can I have a look at that digital camera please ?	Yes of course . This is a really good one actually .	How much does it cost ?
ddpc-0525	What can I do for you ?	I'd like to buy some milk powder . What would you recommend ?	We have many kinds of different purpose . I wonder whom you are buying for ?
ddpc-0526	Do you want to help me make the cookies , Anna ?	I'd love to .	First , put away your toys .	OK .
ddpc-0527	Peter , how often do you exercise ?	Well , I swim and run every day .
ddpc-0528	Hello , Miss Wu , This is Dan Robson calling from OTC limited . I'd like to check my last order . When exactly was it sent out ?	I can check that for you right now . Would you mind holding ?	Sure . No problem .	Mr . Robson , I'm sorry . Our computer system is down . Could I call you back later ?	Sure . Do you have my number ?	Yes , I have it right here . I'm so sorry about this .
ddpc-0529	Ok , honey , time to take down the Christmas tree .	Do we have to ?	Come on , it ’ s losing needles all the time and the branches are sagging .	It ’ s not that bad , besides it really looks nice in that corner . It gives the room a good atmosphere .	A good atmosphere ? The tree is falling apart , and it ’ s messing up the room .	But it makes the place feel so much like Christmas . I ’ d really hate to have to take it down .	But Christmas was two weeks ago ! It ’ s been there only because we ’ Ve been too busy to get rid of it .	I know , but it seems like such a shame to have to take it away .	But it ’ s falling apart , and the cat keeps playing with the lower branches .
ddpc-0530	Do you want to hang out tomorrow ?	Oh , I can't . I have a date !	Really ? Wow with who ?	This girl I've been chatting with for the past couple of months . She's really cool and she's driving over here this weekend .
ddpc-0531	Hello . This is Mrs . Wilson . I'd like to buy a new car . Could you offer me a new type of the car , please ?	Oh , Madam , buy what ?	A new car . And I've got a small family , two children , and I haven't got a lot of money and ...	Oh , oh , Madam , Madam , I'm afraid you have the wrong number .
ddpc-0532	Look at this newspaper article about this famous local medium . It says that she is really gifted and so popular now , that she is booked solid with appointments for the next twelve months !	You don't really believe in all that hocus pocus mumbo jumbo , do you ?
ddpc-0533	Is there anything else , apart from the Credit Rating and Debt to Asset Ratio ?	There is the Balance of Net Liabilities . This must not exceed its net assets and no business loss can be shown during the past two years .	Right , OK . That , again , shouldn't be a problem .
ddpc-0534	You look upset , anything wrong ?	I'm going to quit the job .	Why ?	The task is tough .	You'd look before you leap .
ddpc-0535	It's especially cold when the wind is blowing .	Why don't you wear a scarf ?	What can wearing one do for me ?	You're cold because the wind is blowing into your open collar . It's not because your jacket isn't thick enough .
ddpc-0536	Good morning , sir . May I help you ?	Good morning , I have an appointment with Mr . Johnson at 10:00	Excuse me , sir , but are you Mr . Richard of World Trading Company ?	Yes . That ’ s right .
ddpc-0537	It's located in the suburbs ? Well even though that sounds like a steal , I really want something downtown .	OK . Well the problem is that the apartments in the heart of the city are usually more expensive .
ddpc-0538	Oh , it's getting late . I've got to run . It was nice talking to you , karren .	Thanks , Tim.Nice meeting you , too .	I guess we'll see just around .
ddpc-0539	Hi , Helen ! how is it going ?	I'm very busy these days . It seems I can never finish my work .	Well , take it easy ! Don't let it get on top of you .
ddpc-0540	The boss announces the pay raise today , right ? How much do you think we'll get ?	No idea . Your guess is as good as mine .
ddpc-0541	I have a complaint to make . The bill you sent me was incorrect . What's more , it isn't the first time	Well , I must apologize , madam . We have new computers here , you know .
ddpc-0542	Well , I'm afraid I must be going now . I have no idea it was so late .	Stay for dinner with us .
ddpc-0543	I have a complaint to make . The bill you sent me was incorrect . What's more , it isn't the first time	Well , I must apologize , madam . We have new computers here , you know .
ddpc-0544	I'm going to go shopping for groceries in a little bit .	Why , do we need groceries ?	I believe we are all out of food .	Do you know what to get ?
ddpc-0545	How do you get road news ?	I've a driver mate in my car !
ddpc-0546	I am calling to consult you about the job as a copywriter .	Yes , what do you want to know ?
ddpc-0547	What a beautiful watch . It goes very well with your ring .	Thank you .
ddpc-0548	How smart of you to book the tickets before hand !	Oh , do you really think so ?
ddpc-0549	Helen , did you hear I ’ m having a party ? Next Saturday in my place .	I may have something on that day , but thanks for inviting me .	Well , drop by if you can .	I will , do you want me to bring anything ?
ddpc-0550	I can't believe how hot it is .	It's not even noon yet .	That means it will get hotter .	I am dying from the heat .	Turn on the air conditioner .	It doesn't work .	What happened ?	I don't know .	Did you call the repairman ?	Of course .
ddpc-0551	Do you want to help me make the cookies , Anna ?	I'd love to .	First , put away your toys .	OK .
ddpc-0552	So tell me , what's the difference between the Board of Directors , the CEO , and the stockholders ? They all seems ot be the same group of people to me ...	No , there's a definite difference . You know , the stockholders are the people who own the company ... they're the financial control system . Then there's the CEO — the chief executive officer . He's the hot shot , the main guy who is the boss . If there is only one person with absolute power in the organization , everyone knows that the power will go to their head . It's too dangerous . That's the reason for a Board of Directors . The board is made up of people who are experts in the industry . They could be related to the organization , but more commonly , they are independent and non-biased .	How many people are on the board of directors ?
ddpc-0553	I want to take a look at that home with the Open House flags out front .	What a wonderful neighborhood ! Can you find that house on our Open House list ?	Yes , that is one of the houses that we have on our list .	They always make the front yards look so great for Open Houses . Let ’ s see what the inside looks like .	I am going to go sign my name in the registry to let the listing agent know that we were here .	Signing the registry is a good idea . I think I want to see the kitchen next .
ddpc-0554	It's said that John's broken up .	Really ? But his wife has always waited on him hand and foot .	I hear that John's leading a double wife .	It's very bad of him to cheat on a lady like his wife .
ddpc-0555	How do you get road news ?	I've a driver mate in my car !
ddpc-0556	Mary and Tom are breaking up .	It's unbelievable ! They are only married for one month . Then who is at fault ?
ddpc-0557	So , Paula , where are you from ?	I'm from Canada , originally .	From Canada ? Where were you born ?	Montreal .	When did you come to Los Angeles ?	We moved here when I was fourteen .	Did you go to school here ?	Well , I went to high school here , but I went to college in Texas .	Did you get a job right after graduation ?	No , I traveled for a while in Europe after college , and then I lived in France .	When was that ?	Let's see ... That was about six years ago .
ddpc-0558	Should we tip ? This service is pretty good .	Yeah , we probably should.How much is normal ?	How about 10 percent ? That's about 6 dollars .
ddpc-0559	Do you like watching the Winter Olympic Games ?	Of course . It's the tradition game in winter , and with good reason . Don't you like watching it ?	Of course I do . I love it . All the games are exciting and the competitors are respectable .	That's true . For various reasons , it takes more to hold a fierce game for Winter Olympics than it does for Summer Olympics . You know , the low temperature may cause many problems .	Yeah . What's the difference between the Winter Olympics and the Summer Olympics ?
ddpc-0560	What can I show you ?	Do you have this shirt in a small ?	Let me check . Yes , we have .	May I try it on ?	Sure . Let me help you .
ddpc-0561	Hello , Bessie .	Hello , Jack.Happy birthday !	My birthday ? I forgot it , Thank you for remembering my birthday .
ddpc-0562	Do you know Sally ?	Sally . She is a bachelor girl . She is an excellent designer . Many of the company's advertisements are her child trains .	Why is she still single ? She must have a face that would stop clock .	Oh , quite the other way round . She is a knock-out . She devotes much of her time to her career .
ddpc-0563	You seem to very busy these days . What are you doing ?	I am swapped with work after 10 - day holiday .
ddpc-0564	I want something sweet after dinner .	What do you have in mind ?	A dessert sounds nice .	What kind are you thinking of getting ?	I want to get some pie .
ddpc-0565	Matthew ? Hi !	Steve ! Haven't seen you in ages ! How long's it been ?	It's got to be almost a year now .	How have you been ?	I'm pretty good . I've been looking for a place to live recently . My lease runs out next month and I don't want to renew it .	Yeah , I remember the neighborhood . Have you found a place yet ?	Not yet . But I am still looking through the classifieds . Wish me luck .	Well , maybe I can help . Remember my neighbor ?
ddpc-0566	It's the latest and quite popular among young people .	Yes , I know and I like it very much . I will take it .
ddpc-0567	I do want to meet with you and take a look at your catalogue . We ’ re redecorating and are going to add some things .	Well , I ’ ll be glad to help you out . I can come out anytime on Tuesday or Thursday of next week .	Let ’ s put it down for 1:15 on Thursday . We ’ ll definitely need some new filing cabinets and at least one desk unit .
ddpc-0568	Can you tell me where the pots and pans are ?	Pots and pans are right over there .	Oh , thank you .	Could I interest you in our store credit card ?	No , thanks . I already have credit cards .	But our credit card saves you 10 percent .	That's a nice discount .	Here . Let me give you an application form .
ddpc-0569	John , I was looking through some magazines for ideas about where we might go on vacation this year .	I've already told my buddy , Mark , that I am going hunting with him in Alaska .	You can't be serious !	Hey , I've always gone hunting or fishing on vacation . I am sorry that bothers you .	After a year together , I thought it pretty safe to assume that we would automatically spend our vacation together .	Says who ? I don't think that is necessarily the case .	You know , now that I think about it , I really don't have much more to say to you at all !
ddpc-0570	hi , Lander . What's wrong ?	I can hardly make ends meet these days .	same here . I have't brought any new clothes for three months .	my income remains the same but prices just continue to rise .	true . The news says that there is a general increase in the price of daily necessities .	definitely . I have to spend 300 yuan more on food every month .	the biggest price jump is for pork , so most people have to turn to chicken .	is that inflation ?	inflation is more than just the rising prices , I guess . But the central bank is warning about the risk of inflation .	has the government taken some measures to curb it ?	yes . The government has banned price hikes in some key industries like energy .	but I'm afraid the price hikes will spill over from food into other areas of the economy .	you said it . I think we should tighten our budget and cut our spending .	how ?	for a start , we can take the public transport to work . You know , running a car is a big expense .
ddpc-0571	Good afternoon ! Can I help you ?	Could you show me where the Chinesc-style clothing is located ? I want to buy a silk coat .	This way , please . Here they are . They're all handmade .	Oh , they look nice . May I try that black one on ?	Of course . The fitting room is right over there .	Do you have a medium in the same color ? This one is a little tight .	l'm sorry . All the black of that size are sold out . Would you like a red one ?	OK . Let me try it on . What do you think ?	Oh , that suits you very well . Besides it is believed in China that the red color brings happiness and good luck .	Really ? I'II take it and I'm leaving here tomorrow . Is it possible for you to send one in black to me by mail when you get it in ?
ddpc-0572	I was wondering if you could help me with something .	Sure , anything you say .
ddpc-0573	Excuse me . Do you mind if I try this on ?	Not at all . The changing rooms are just this way .	Thanks . It's a little tight . Do you have any in a larger size ?	Sure . I'll give you the next size up . That one is small , right ?	Yes . Also , I'm not so sure about the color .
ddpc-0574	911 . How may I help you ?	I need to report a break-in .	When did this break-in occur ?	Last night .	Where did the break-in happen ?
ddpc-0575	Hello , Nancy , nice to see you .	Nice to see you , too . I heard you are a staff of Nokia company .	Yes , I ’ m satisfied with this job .	Congratulations . What did you do during the interview ?	Pay more attention to the external expressions , because they are important for the first impression . Good manner and style of conversation can let other feel your good self-cultivation . Good gestures and mien can let other feel very comfortable .
ddpc-0576	Good afternoon , Johnson .	Good afternoon , Mary . How's business ?
ddpc-0577	Valerie ! Hi ! Wow how are you ? It ’ s been such a long time !	Darlene ! Indeed , it ’ s been a while ! How have you been ? Wow , you look amazing ! I love what you ’ Ve done with your hair !
ddpc-0578	How smart of you to book the tickets before hand !	Oh , do you really think so ?
ddpc-0579	Good day ! Welcome to Lincoln Bank , how may we assist you ?	Hello . I need to find out if a Receipt of Proceeds has arrived . I'm from Felix Wasserman Associates .	Thanks . Have you got the L / C number ?	It's NX567822100007 .
ddpc-0580	May I see your ticket and passport , PLS ?	Sure , here they are .	Any luggage ?	Just this suitcase .	Your backpack is very big and today's flight is quite full . I am afraid that you will have to check your backpack too .	No problem . What about this carry-on ?	You can take that with you .
ddpc-0581	We have made some adjustment on the prices . And this is renewed price list .	Thank you for allowing us 3 % reduction , but still we find your price is on the high side .	This is our rock-bottom price , and we can't make any further reduction .	If so , we find it difficult for us to go on with our talks .	Then what ’ s your counter-offer ?	This is our counter-offer .	We are sincere to make business with you , but the difference between your counter-offer and our price is too great .	So are we . Our counter-offer is in line with the world market .	How about meeting each other half-way in order to conclude the business ?
ddpc-0582	Look at this newspaper article about this famous local medium . It says that she is really gifted and so popular now , that she is booked solid with appointments for the next twelve months !	You don't really believe in all that hocus pocus mumbo jumbo , do you ?	Well , I have had many friends that went to a psychic and got their palms read and most of the things the psychic told her came true !	Of course it does ! They tell you general and obvious things like that you will be successful or have a big house . I think most of the times they are just scam artists .	Well , historically it is a practice that many cultures share . Reading the tarot cards , in the east they would even read tea leaves ! I even heard that there are people that make you smoke a cigar , and then read your ashes .
ddpc-0583	Can you help me do an internet search ?	Sure . What do you want to find ?	I want to find information on the American Civil War .	Well , can you be more specific ? There are a lot of websites about that .
ddpc-0584	Hey , could you help me try and figure out how to get ready for my job interview ?	The most important thing to do is to make sure you know the company and what services or products it provides . Do you know all about them ?	Yes , I pretty much understand the company .	Well , after you've done your research , you have to decide whether the company is casual or formal . Have you decided what they are yet ?	Yes , I've been observing them .	When you are choosing what to wear , keep all of that in mind . Have you chosen what to wear ?	I already have something to wear .	I would always be ready to go shopping with you ! Should we talk about other basics ?
ddpc-0585	Hey , how was the show ?	Not great . It's a kind of boring .	Really ? I heard it was supposed to be great .
ddpc-0586	Hey Stacy . What's going on ?	I'm pretty tired these days .	Why ? You're not working so don't you have a lot of time on your hands ?	I have so much house work to do . I have to take care of the kids , cook , clean , laundry , and the cycle never ends .	How about your husband . Does he help much ?	Not at all . He comes home and complains about his hard day at work . He expects me to do everything . He even wants me to feed him sometimes . Can you believe that ?
ddpc-0587	I hear you are expecting your family .	Yes , my parents , and soon my brother as well .	I didn't know you had a brother .
ddpc-0588	Hello . This is Mrs . Wilson . I'd like to buy a new car . Could you offer me a new type of the car , please ?	Oh , Madam , buy what ?	A new car . And I've got a small family , two children , and I haven't got a lot of money and ...	Oh , oh , Madam , Madam , I'm afraid you have the wrong number .
ddpc-0589	Good morning ! I am a new comer in our office .	Good morning ! Welcome to our office !	Nice to meet you ! My name is Grace Williams .
ddpc-0590	Hello , this is room 1205 . Our message lamp is flashing .	Hold on a minute , please .	Thank you .	I am sorry to have kept you waiting . Mr . Johns needs a telephone call from you .	Would you bring the message to my room .	I'm afraid we have nobody available at the moment .
ddpc-0591	What do you usually have for breakfast ? Pancakes or waffles ?	I usually have cereal for breakfast .
ddpc-0592	Could you show me what you've got ?	We've got several good chicken dishes if you like chicken .	We'll try one of your specials this time .
ddpc-0593	Is it your first time to join the sports meeting of Junior High School ?	Yes , and it's great . What are the events at the sports meeting ?	Long-distance race , dash , hurdle race , relay race , standing long jump , high jump , shotput and so on .	Our neighbor , Bruce , will take part in the relay race . Let's go have a look .	OK , let's go .	The competition will begin in 5 minutes , it's tense here .	Wonderful , Bruce is taking the lead .	Other competitors have almost caught up with him . They are neck and neck .
ddpc-0594	I ’ m taking BA fright 123 to London . Can you tell me where the reporting desk is , please ?	Yes , Madam . The reporting desk for the British Airway's flight to London is over there .
ddpc-0595	Don ’ t you agree that all the thieves should be punished by cutting off their fingers ?	I ’ m afraid many people would turn thumbs down on it .	Don ’ t you think in that case , there wouldn ’ t be so much stealing ?	Definitely . But I think it is too fierce .
ddpc-0596	The restaurant across the street hired a new Chinese chef , so I ordered some Chinese food there for this evening .	Good . I love Chinese food . What did you order ?	Something hot and spicy . They look very inviting on the menu . You are going to love them .
ddpc-0597	Oh dear , my weight has gone up again .	I am not surprised , you eat too much .
ddpc-0598	Hi , Helen ! how is it going ?	I'm very busy these days . It seems I can never finish my work .	Well , take it easy ! Don't let it get on top of you .
ddpc-0599	I know you have a son . How old is he ?	He's going to turn six next month .	Who is looking after him ?	My mother-in - law . She retired last year .
ddpc-0600	Have you any round-neck sweater ?	Yes . Actually our range of sweaters is the most comprehensive available .	Can I try this one on ?	Sure , go ahead .
ddpc-0601	I had to announce his innocence in court today , but it left a nasty taste in my mouth .	You mean you suspect him .
ddpc-0602	You look fresh recently.How do you make it ?	I attend an aerobic class three times a week .
ddpc-0603	Oh , it's getting late . I've got to run . It was nice talking to you , karren .	Thanks , Tim.Nice meeting you , too .	I guess we'll see just around .
ddpc-0604	The Johnson are on their way back.You remember them , don't you ?	Johnson ? I can't place them .	We met them in Bermuda last May .	They've completely slipped my mind .
ddpc-0605	It is too bad today .	What happened ?	My som was lost . I told him to stand rooted to the spot when I went shopping , but he ignored it .	How did you find him at last ?	It was the police wo helped me to do that .
ddpc-0606	Hello !	Hello , Is that Stefan ?	I'm sorry , but I'm afraid you've dialed the wrong number.There is no Stefan here .	Really ? Are you sure ? I called before and he was there .	Yes . I'm sure . You have the wrong number . I have used this number for more than 20 years .	That can't be true . I remember the number clearly . Is your number 1199886 ?	No , it isn't . It's 1199866 . It seems that you have misdialed .
ddpc-0607	How do you decide what grade we get ?	I look at many things , attendance , quizzes , and tests .
ddpc-0608	What are your personal weaknesses ?	I ’ m afraid I ’ m a poor talker . I ’ m not comfortable talking with the people whom I have just met for the first time . That is not very good for business , so I have been studying public speaking .	Are you more of a leader or a follower ?	I don ’ t try to lead people . I ’ d rather cooperate with everybody , and get the job done by working together .	Do you think you can make yourself easily understood in English ?	Yes , in most circumstances .
ddpc-0609	Good afternoon , Johnson .	Good afternoon , Mary . How's business ?
ddpc-0610	Hey , son , are you insured ?	Not yet , but I'm thinking of it . Have you bought one , Dad ?	I took out a life insurance policy and made your mother the beneficiary .	Can you tell me why you want to buy it ?	I am a fireman and it is a dangerous job . I have to consider your mother's life .	Oh , I see . Do you advise me to buy one ?	You have children now . What if something , God forbid , happens to you ?	That's true . Well , how much do you think I should get ?
ddpc-0611	How ’ s it going ?	I ’ m fine . Thank you .	Do you need anything ?	I need you to help me .
ddpc-0612	911 emergency . What is the problem ?	I would like to report a break-in .	When was this break-in ?	I believe it happened last night .	Where was the break-in ?	It happened at my house .
ddpc-0613	Excuse me . can you tell me where Main Street is ?	Turn left at the second light and then go straight for two blocks .	Is it far ?	No . it ’ s only five minutes walk . you can ’ t miss it .
ddpc-0614	Marketing manage office , can I help you ?	Mr Green , please .	Sorry , he's out .	What time you suspect back them ?
ddpc-0615	This is such a beautiful day ! Great for sailing !	It sure is ! The water looks so nice ! Anchor the boat for a little while . I ’ m going to take a dip .	Why are you doggy-paddling ? I taught you how to swim ! Do your breast stroke !	I get too tired ! I ’ ll just backstroke , it ’ s easier !	Try kicking your legs more . That ’ s good . Don ’ t go out too far !	It ’ s fine . Jump in !	Kathy ! Get back here ! I see a shark !
ddpc-0616	excuse me , could you tell me which line I ’ m supposed to stand in to buy bubble wrap and to post a package ?	you can buy the bubble wrap here , but you ’ ll have to stand in line over here to post your passage .	that ’ s a really long line . How long do you think it ’ ll take to get through all those people ?	it takes about 3 minutes per person , so it ’ ll probably be about an hour ’ s wait .	can I buy stamps here ?	sure . How many would you like ?	I need 30 for my Christmas cards .	are you sending them abroad ?	twenty of them are going abroad to China and America .	do you have any going anywhere in the EU ? If you do , those are less expensive .	no .	ok , here you go . That will be 18 pounds and seventy two pence .	and the bubble wrap ?
ddpc-0617	Excuse me , are you Mrs . Green from England ?	Yes , I am .	I'm pleased to meet you , Mrs . Green . My name is Myra . I work in Beijing Institute of Technology . I came here to meet you .	How do you do ?
ddpc-0618	Um , what will you do this weekend ?	How about a movie ? We haven't done that for a while .	A movie ? Sure . Do you know what's on right now ?	No . Why don't you check out the newspaper ?	Ok . Maybe you should invite your sister along , too .
ddpc-0619	Mr.Chen , do you mind if I smoke ?	I'm sorry , Mrs . Lin . We don't allow smoking in the office .
ddpc-0620	You guys are charging me $ 10 for a movie that I never ordered or saw .	Let's see , sir . According to your file , you watched ' Titanic ' Monday evening .	Well , the wrong information is in my file . I was at a concert Monday night .	Well , your word overrules the file , sir . One moment , please .	I knew you'd see it my way .	Sir , I deleted the $ 10 , but I had to add a $ 2 service charge to your bill .	Am I in the Twilight Zone ? You're charging me for a movie I never saw ?
ddpc-0621	What kind of gas does this car take ?	I don't know . It's a rental .	I will give you premium unleaded . Alright ?	Sure , why not ?	That is the pump you are in front of .	Is it expensive ?	It is the most expensive .
ddpc-0622	Good morning , sir . May I help you ?	Good morning , I have an appointment with Mr . Johnson at 10:00	Excuse me , sir , but are you Mr . Richard of World Trading Company ?	Yes . That ’ s right .
ddpc-0623	Good morning , can I help you ?	I want to American breakfast with fried eggs sunny side up .	What kind of juice do you prefer , sir ?	Breakfast juice and please make my coffee very strong .	Yes , sir . American breakfast with fried eggs sunny side up . Breakfast juice and black coffee . And my correct , sir ?	Yes , that ’ s right .	Is there anything else , sir ?	No , that ’ s all .	Good morning , sir . I ’ Ve got breakfast your ordered .	Just put it on the table please .	Do you need anything else , sir ?	No , thanks . Oh , yes , could I have some juice for the mini bar ?	What kind of juice do you like sir ?
ddpc-0624	Good afternoon . I come here specially to pick up my tickets . I booked it last month.This is my reservation note .	I am terribly sorry . You didn't come to reconfirm recently.You should have come to pick up your ticket three days ago since it's an international flight , any reservation without reconfirmation within 72 hours will be cancelled .	But I have been so busy all these days.Well , is there any other ticket available ? I want the next one .
ddpc-0625	Hey Nick , what are you up to ?	Not much , just heading over to the shooting range . You wanna come ?	Seriously ? You mean to fire a real weapon ? I don ’ t know man .	Yeah , it will be fun ! I have a 9mm pistol that is really easy to shoot . I also have a revolver that ’ s really fun too ! They have big targets at the range that we could use to practice and improve your aim .	Yeah that would be cool ! Maybe I can also have a try at other weapons like a machine gun or a shotgun ! Maybe even a rocket launcher or an anti tank missile ! Or what about a flame thrower !	Whoa , take it easy there Rambo . Don ’ t get carried away . These weapons are not toys , and you must first learn how to handle them properly . There are basic rules that you must abide by in order to be safe . For example , never handle a weapon that you haven ’ t inspected yourself . Always make sure there isn ’ t anything in the chamber , and never put your finger on the trigger unless you are ready to shoot !	Wow , I didn ’ t know ! It always looks so cool and easy in the movies !	The reality is different you know , running and firing a weapon is a lot harder than in the movies ! So are you ready ?	Let ’ s do it !
ddpc-0626	Honey , what's wrong with you ?	I'm not feeling well . I'm very nervous .	Take it easy . We are going to have our own baby . You should be happy .	Yeah , I know .
ddpc-0627	Do you speak only English in the class , or does your teacher explain everything to you in Spanish ?	Oh , we never speak Spanish in class ! Miss.Parker speaks to us only in English .	I suppose she's right . Does she speak English very slowly ?	Not always . Sometimes we don't understand her . Then she has to repeat what she said .
ddpc-0628	Hi Melissa , are you going home this weekend ?	No , not this weekend . I have too much work to do .	Where do your parents live ?	My father lives in Washington DC .	How about your mother ?	My mother died two years ago .	Oh , I am sorry to hear that . Is your father still working ?
ddpc-0629	I'm very sorry , sir . My car has broken down .	Sorry to hear that . Can we do anything about it ?
ddpc-0630	How do you feel about that restaurant ?	It wasn't all that great .	What did you dislike the most ?
ddpc-0631	Let's have seafood for a change.How about oyster and lobster ?	I couldn't agree more !
ddpc-0632	I'm searching for an old music box .	You came to the right place . Any particular decade ?	If you had a box made in the ' 20s , that would be nice .	We just got one in yesterday , so now we have six .	Would any of them have dancing figures ?	Yes , we still have two boxes left that have dancing figures .
ddpc-0633	What's wrong with you ?	I have a sore throat and headache .
ddpc-0634	I should tell you that I'm checking out in about 30 minutes .	I'm ready when you are , sir .	Very good ! Now , it's still morning here in New York .
ddpc-0635	You guys are charging me $ 10 for a movie that I never ordered or saw .	Let's see , sir . According to your file , you watched ' Titanic ' Monday evening .	Well , the wrong information is in my file . I was at a concert Monday night .	Well , your word overrules the file , sir . One moment , please .	I knew you'd see it my way .	Sir , I deleted the $ 10 , but I had to add a $ 2 service charge to your bill .	Am I in the Twilight Zone ? You're charging me for a movie I never saw ?
ddpc-0636	Tom , I won first prize in the poetry contest .	Come on ! You're pulling my leg .	Really ! Here's my trophy .
ddpc-0637	For the 100th anniversary of the opening of the library we are going to have a party .	That's a wonderful way to celebrate this grand old library !	I hoped you would be willing to brainstorm with me for party ideas .
ddpc-0638	I think it's time for me to meet my admirer and make him face the music .	You do ? How are you going to contact him ?
ddpc-0639	Next , please . Hello , may I help you , sir ?	Yes , I want to send a registered airmail letter to France .	Ok , it comes four dollars twenty cents .	Here is five dollars .
ddpc-0640	Has Robert ever missed coming to one of our parties ?	Only once or twice at the most .
ddpc-0641	Are these the clothes you want to have washed ?	Yes . When can I get them back ?	Well , if they are collected right now , you can get them back tonight .	That's fine . By the way , please have that suit dry cleaned .
ddpc-0642	Should we tip ? This service is pretty good .	Yeah , we probably should.How much is normal ?	How about 10 percent ? That's about 6 dollars .
ddpc-0643	Mr.James . I know that office hour is up now , but could you work during the weekend and finish the translations ?	Well , unfortunately I have got something to do this weekend . But let me see ...	Oh , I'm sorry.However , if you could help me out , I'll double the pay for the hours worked .	That's very kind of you.How soon do you really need them ?
ddpc-0644	Excuse me , what's the time difference between Tokyo and London ?	8 hours . Tokyo is 8 hours earlier than London .	It's one day more or one day less from Tokyo to London ?
ddpc-0645	Hello , I want to apply for the position of an usher in your restaurant .	Welcome . One of your duties is to know the number of the customer and accept reservation .
ddpc-0646	Room service .	Good morning . This is room 113 . I'd like some breakfast , please .	Right . Excuse me . Mrs . Jones ?	That's right .	What can I do for you ?	I'd like some grapefruit juice , marmalade , two scrambled eggs with two sausages , toast , and a pot of black coffee , please . How long will it take ?
ddpc-0647	Hello . This is Mrs . Wilson . I'd like to buy a new car . Could you offer me a new type of the car , please ?	Oh , Madam , buy what ?	A new car . And I've got a small family , two children , and I haven't got a lot of money and ...	Oh , oh , Madam , Madam , I'm afraid you have the wrong number .	Isn't this the car store ?	No . It's Mike's Sporting Goods .	Oh , sorry . Do you know the number for a car store , then ?
ddpc-0648	hi , Lander . What's wrong ?	I can hardly make ends meet these days .	same here . I have't brought any new clothes for three months .	my income remains the same but prices just continue to rise .	true . The news says that there is a general increase in the price of daily necessities .	definitely . I have to spend 300 yuan more on food every month .	the biggest price jump is for pork , so most people have to turn to chicken .	is that inflation ?	inflation is more than just the rising prices , I guess . But the central bank is warning about the risk of inflation .	has the government taken some measures to curb it ?	yes . The government has banned price hikes in some key industries like energy .	but I'm afraid the price hikes will spill over from food into other areas of the economy .	you said it . I think we should tighten our budget and cut our spending .	how ?	for a start , we can take the public transport to work . You know , running a car is a big expense .	sounds a good idea .
ddpc-0649	Should we ask Jason to play ? He's always watching movies on HBO .	I guess we should invite him . I just hope he doesn't start talking about Sylvester Stallone and Arnold Schwarzenegger again .	Oh , come on ! The game is better with three people . Anyway , if we don't ask him to play , he'll be mad .	Yeah , you're right . We'll never hear the end of it .
ddpc-0650	It's the latest and quite popular among young people .	Yes , I know and I like it very much . I will take it .
ddpc-0651	Were you able to attend Friday night's basketball game ?	I was unable to make it .
ddpc-0652	Hi Joe , how are you doing today ?	Things are going good today . How have you been doing , Mary ?	Things are going well for me , Joe .	Want to go see a movie tonight ?
ddpc-0653	Hello ?	Hi , Mr . Smith . This is Mary . Is Jenny there ?	No , I ’ m afraid not , Mary . May I take a message for her ?	Yes , please tell her that band practice has been moved to Tuesday night at eight thirty .	O . K . No problem . Anything else ?	No , but if she has any questions , she can call me at 555-2345 .	All right , I ’ ll leave her the message , Mary . Thanks for calling .	Thank you . Bye .
ddpc-0654	Good evening , Saliva . What's that wonderful aroma from your kitchen ? What are you doing now ?	I am cooking now !	Are you good at cooking ?	I have studied its skills recently at a training school . I plan to run a restaurant , so I have to practise cooking !	It is a good idea . What dish are you cooking now ? !	I am steaming fish in a pressure cooker . Have you ever tried steamed fish ?	Yes , I have . But the taste of steamed fish at that restaurant is not delicious . The fish is not well-done and too salty .	That's the case . I think there is not enough time to steam it and soy sauce is too much .	I have the same idea as yours .	It's OK . Please have a taste of it .	Thank you . Oh , it's very delicious .	Thank you for your praise .	Besides steamed fish , what else are you good at cooking ?	I am good at stewing beef with potato , frying chicken , hot and sour soup etc .	So many dishes . Next Friday week is my birthday . I would like to invite you to cook for my dinner party , OK ?	Why not ? It is a good opportunity for me to practise cooking .	Thanks a lot .	It's my pleasure .
ddpc-0655	I went to the tutoring service centre on campus today . And I got a job .	Congratulation . What will you do ?	They got me a part-time tutoring job , teaching an Australian businessman Chinese .	That's wonderful . I want to get a part-time job too . Tell me what I should do .	It's very simple actually . You can go to the service centre and have your name and job interest resisted . They will give you a call if any job comes up .
ddpc-0656	Mr.James . I know that office hour is up now , but could you work during the weekend and finish the translations ?	Well , unfortunately I have got something to do this weekend . But let me see ...	Oh , I'm sorry.However , if you could help me out , I'll double the pay for the hours worked .	That's very kind of you.How soon do you really need them ?	I'll need them for the conference on Monday afternoon.Do you think it can be done by then ?
ddpc-0657	Would you pour me some of that tea , please ?	Okay . Say when .
ddpc-0658	Hi , I'm George . I'll be your waiter this evening . Are you ready to order or do you need a few more minutes ?	I'm ready now . I'd like the roast chicken and a side order of corn .	And would you like an appetizer before your meal ? The soup of the day is our delicious tomato soup .
ddpc-0659	Whatever we do , we should do it above board .	You are right . We shouldn't do anything under the table .
ddpc-0660	Can I have the roll of film developed here ?	Surely of course .
ddpc-0661	Mary and Tom are breaking up .	It's unbelievable ! They are only married for one month . Then who is at fault ?
ddpc-0662	Whatever we do , we should do it above board .	You are right . We shouldn't do anything under the table .
ddpc-0663	Hey Julie , you want to go grab something to eat ?	Sure ! What do you feel like having ?	I really feel like having a big juicy steak !	Oh . OK . I don't eat meat , but that's fine , I am sure wherever we are going they will have other options right ?	I didn't know you were a vegetarian !	I'm not , I am a vegan .	A what ?
ddpc-0664	Can you tell that I ’ m excited ?	What are you excited about ?	I voted today .	Was this your first time ?	I just turned 18 a month ago .	You ’ re lucky .
ddpc-0665	Room service.What can I do for you ?	l am afraid there isn't any fancy soap in my room .
ddpc-0666	Lin's office supplies . How may I direct your call ?	Marry Lin please .	Sure , just a moment . ... I'm sorry no one answer the phone .	All right , could I leave a message ?
ddpc-0667	Do you like being a doctor ?	Yes , most of the time . But , sometimes things can get difficult .
ddpc-0668	We are going to have a picnic tomorrow at the picnic center .	That's great .
ddpc-0669	Hey Mel ! Are you up for some tennis today ?	Sorry , I can ’ t ! I have to go to work , pick up Jake and Maddie from school , and make them an afternoon snack , then take Jake to soccer practice and Maddie to dance class .
ddpc-0670	This is the best dinner I've ever had .	How about the soup ?
ddpc-0671	I'm looking for a good multivitamin . Can you recommend one ?	Yes . Come with me to the vitamin section .
ddpc-0672	What kind of personality do you think you have ?	I'm quite active and energetic . I approach things enthusiastically and I don't like to leave things half-done .	Do you think you are introverted or extroverted ?	I'm quite outgoing i think . I enjoy mixing and doing things with others .	What do you think is the most important thing for you to be happy ?	I maintain that the most important thing is having good friends . A person can't live all by himself I think . A friend in need is a friend in deed.The more really close friends I have , the better .	What kind of people do you like to work with ?
ddpc-0673	I do want to meet with you and take a look at your catalogue . We ’ re redecorating and are going to add some things .	Well , I ’ ll be glad to help you out . I can come out anytime on Tuesday or Thursday of next week .	Let ’ s put it down for 1:15 on Thursday . We ’ ll definitely need some new filing cabinets and at least one desk unit .
ddpc-0674	Good afternoon ! Can I help you ?	Could you show me where the Chinesc-style clothing is located ? I want to buy a silk coat .	This way , please . Here they are . They're all handmade .	Oh , they look nice . May I try that black one on ?	Of course . The fitting room is right over there .	Do you have a medium in the same color ? This one is a little tight .	l'm sorry . All the black of that size are sold out . Would you like a red one ?	OK . Let me try it on . What do you think ?	Oh , that suits you very well . Besides it is believed in China that the red color brings happiness and good luck .	Really ? I'II take it and I'm leaving here tomorrow . Is it possible for you to send one in black to me by mail when you get it in ?
ddpc-0675	Can I have the roll of film developed here ?	Surely of course .	Here is the film . Can I get my pictures tomorrow ?
ddpc-0676	I do want to meet with you and take a look at your catalogue . We ’ re redecorating and are going to add some things .	Well , I ’ ll be glad to help you out . I can come out anytime on Tuesday or Thursday of next week .	Let ’ s put it down for 1:15 on Thursday . We ’ ll definitely need some new filing cabinets and at least one desk unit .
ddpc-0677	Good afternoon . Can I be of service ?	I don't know . Can I purchase Treasury Certificates here at this counter ?	Yes , of course . We have Treasury Notes with two , three and five-year terms available .	Two years is fine , with a value of 1,000 RIB .	OK , could I take a look at some ID please , like a passport ?
ddpc-0678	Now , what seems to be the trouble ?	It's nothing serious . But I always have a headache , and I haven't slept properly for several weeks . I've also lost appetite and my eyes are burning .	Mm , you do look rather pale . Let me take your temperature . Would you put the thermometer under your arm , please ? Now , let me listen to your pulse . Mm , do you feel weak ?	Yes , I never seem to have any energy .	I'll give you a blood test . Would you roll up your sleeve ? Just as I thought . You're anemic . You'd better pay more attention to your diet . Eat plenty of fresh fruit and vegetables and food high in protein . And don't stay up late working . Try to get more rest .
ddpc-0679	What's wrong with you , young man ?	Doctor , I have a bad cough and a headache .	Do you have a fever ?	I don't know , but I feel terrible .	Let me examine you . Don't worry . It's nothing serious .	Do you think I should lie in bed ?
ddpc-0680	Excuse me , I'd like to ask you a few questions about the city .	OK , please .	My wife wants to take the children to go shopping , where is the best place to go ?
ddpc-0681	What game do you like ?	I like board games . I like chinese chess and draughts .
ddpc-0682	Did you get Bean's ten different good luck forwards , like that one from the Dalai Lama ?	Yeah , I deleted all that superstitious crap . What a waste of bandwidth !	I figured I might as well send one or two of them out . Maybe my luck will get better .	Do you really think the Dalai Lama sent that ? I'm tired of all these forwards .
ddpc-0683	How do you feel about that restaurant ?	It wasn't all that great .	What did you dislike the most ?
ddpc-0684	Good afternoon , how may I help you ?	Hi , I'd like to order some flowers .	Who are they for ?	They're for my Wife . Her name is Samantha .	What kind of flowers would you like ?	I don't know . I don't know too much about flowers . Can you recommend something ?	OK . What's the reason you are sending her flowers ?	Today's her birthday and she told me she wants me to buy her flowers .
ddpc-0685	What time is our connecting flight ?	Let me check.Oh , oh ! It ’ s at 3:25 .	Wow , that's cutting it close ! That means we only have 25 minutes to make the connection ! What gate is it at ?	It ’ s at ... gate 14 .	Oh , great ! That ’ s at the other end of the terminal !	OK , so here ’ s the plan ; When we land , run to gate 14 !
ddpc-0686	Hey Stacy . What's going on ?	I'm pretty tired these days .	Why ? You're not working so don't you have a lot of time on your hands ?	I have so much house work to do . I have to take care of the kids , cook , clean , laundry , and the cycle never ends .	How about your husband . Does he help much ?	Not at all . He comes home and complains about his hard day at work . He expects me to do everything . He even wants me to feed him sometimes . Can you believe that ?
ddpc-0687	How silly of you to jump out of the window !	But that was the first thing that came into my mind when I heard the shout earthquake !	Why not use staircases ? The terror was not so violent at that time .	That would be too late .	Maybe the situation is too urgent .	Yes , I think I should have jumped in any case .
ddpc-0688	I was wondering if you could help me with something .	Sure , anything you say .	Actually , it ’ s a little bit silly .	Don ’ t worry about it , just ask .	What words do I need to know to buy a pair of shoes ?	You need to know the type of shoes you want .	Don ’ t worry about that . I can point it out in the store .	The shoes can be comfortable or not comfortable , too wide , too narrow , or just right ; and long or short . In girls shoes , the heel can be high or low .	Let me write all that down . I ’ m going shopping this afternoon .
ddpc-0689	So tell me , what's the difference between the Board of Directors , the CEO , and the stockholders ? They all seems ot be the same group of people to me ...	No , there's a definite difference . You know , the stockholders are the people who own the company ... they're the financial control system . Then there's the CEO — the chief executive officer . He's the hot shot , the main guy who is the boss . If there is only one person with absolute power in the organization , everyone knows that the power will go to their head . It's too dangerous . That's the reason for a Board of Directors . The board is made up of people who are experts in the industry . They could be related to the organization , but more commonly , they are independent and non-biased .	How many people are on the board of directors ?
ddpc-0690	There's a new girl in school , have you seen her yet ?	I haven't seen her yet .	I think that she is very pretty .	Tell me how she looks .	She's kind of short .	What height is she ?	She's probably about five feet .
ddpc-0691	John , I ’ d like you to meet Charles Brown , our new manager at the airport .	Yes , certainly . How can I recognize him ?	He is short , well-built , and he ’ s got light blond hair .	Is there anything else ?	He has a mustache , if I remember correctly , and a light complexion .	How old is he ?	He is in his late thirties .	Well . I shouldn ’ t have any trouble recognizing him . What time does his flight arrive ?	At 2 thirty .
ddpc-0692	What's the problem , Nada ? You look down in the dumps .	I don't know . My life is a big mess . Everything is so complicated .	come on , nothing can be that bad .	but promise me , you'll keep it a secret .	ok , I promise . So what's troubling you so much ?	I've fallen in love with my boss .	really ? Is he married ?	no , of course not . He is still single .	then what's your problem ?	I try to keep it to myself . But there is a lot of gossip about us .	oh , I see . Office romance tends to be the subject of gossip .	worse still , he is trying to avoid me these days .
ddpc-0693	did you know that abortion is still illegal in many states in the USA ?	why ? I thought Americans were supposed to be more open than that .	well , for many religious people , they believe that people who abort their babies are murderers .	do you think most people in America believe that abortion is wrong ?	no , I think it's mostly the older generation who are against abortions .	it's no wonder there are so many teenage pregnancies in America .	religious people blame it on pre-marital sex , not on abortion being illegal .	what do you think about abortion ?	I personally would never want to have one , but I think that since a pregnancy can affect a woman's entire life , she should have the right to decide for herself .	do you think the fathers should have some kind of say in the matter ?	I know this is going to sound sexist , but I don't think that men should have to give their approval to the mothers of their children .
ddpc-0694	Valerie ! Hi ! Wow how are you ? It ’ s been such a long time !	Darlene ! Indeed , it ’ s been a while ! How have you been ? Wow , you look amazing ! I love what you ’ Ve done with your hair !	Really ? Thanks ! I went to that hair salon that you told me about , but enough about me ! Look at you ! You haven ’ t aged a day since the last time I saw you ! What is your secret !	Ha ha , come on ! Well , I ’ Ve been watching what I eat , and working out three times a week . By the way , I heard your son recently graduated !	Yes , my little Paul is finally a doctor . They grow up so fast you know .	He is such a handsome guy . He gets his looks from his mother of course !	Thank you ! What about your daughter , Pamela ? I heard she has passed the bar exam and married recently .	Oh yes . She had a beautiful wedding in Cozumel Mexico and we all attended .	Such a lovely girl . I hope my Paul is lucky enough to find a girl like that someday !	But of course ! Well , it ’ s been great talking to you , but I have to get going .	Same here ! We will catch up soon , maybe over coffee !	That would be great ! Give me a call !	See you soon ! Bye ! Egg ... I can ’ t stand that woman or her obnoxious daughter .
ddpc-0695	What is life ?	Don't ask such a question . You know it has no certain answer . Everyone knows it is in his heart .
ddpc-0696	I should tell you that I'm checking out in about 30 minutes .	I'm ready when you are , sir .	Very good ! Now , it's still morning here in New York .	You are so right , sir . The clock just struck nine .	I'm going to spend some time exploring the city . What can I do with my luggage ?	Sir , right here we have a storage site . Its only $ 5 an hour , but you need to leave a deposit .	A deposit ? Isn't my luggage a deposit ?
ddpc-0697	Jenny , what's wrong with you ? Why do you keep weeping like that ?	Mary told me that she had seen you with John last night . I got to know the fact that you are playing the field .
ddpc-0698	How's Jimmy today ?	Better , thank you , doctor .	Can I see him please , Mrs Williams ?	Certainly , doctor . Come upstairs .	You look very well , Jimmy . You are better now , but you mustn't get up yet.You must stay in bed for another two days.The boy mustn't go to school yet , Mrs Williams . And he mustn't eat rich food .	Does he have a temperature , doctor ?	No , he doesn ’ t .	Must he stay in bed ?	Yes . He must remain in bed for another two days . He can get up for about two hours each day , but you must keep the room warm . Where's Mr Williams this evening ?	He's in bed , doctor . Can you see him , please ? He has a bad cold , too !
ddpc-0699	Hello ! This is Ruby speaking from G . O . T . International Travel Agency . What can I do for you ?	I ’ d like to make a reservation for my trip from Detroit to Beijing on April 13 on Trans Pacific Airline .	Do you want a single ticket or a round trip ticket ?	I ’ d like to have a round trip ticket with a one-year open return .	Economy or Business Class ?	Economy , please . How much is it ?	It will be $ 850 .
ddpc-0700	Hi , I'm George . I'll be your waiter this evening . Are you ready to order or do you need a few more minutes ?	I'm ready now . I'd like the roast chicken and a side order of corn .	And would you like an appetizer before your meal ? The soup of the day is our delicious tomato soup .
ddpc-0701	Why didn't you tell me you had a girlfriend ?	Sorry , I thought you knew .	But you should tell me you were in love with her .	Didn't I ?
ddpc-0702	Hello , ma ’ am , can I help you find something ?	Yes , actually I ’ m looking to buy a camera .	We ’ Ve got a wide selection do you know if you ’ d like a point-and-shoot , or something a little fancier ? Are you shopping for yourself or for someone else ?	Actually I ’ m buying a camera for my husband .	Ah , well then I ’ d recommend a nice entry-level digital SLR .	Yeah ? Can I take a look at the Sirs you carry ?	Sure thing , follow me . This here is the .	The Canon Eos . Yeah it ’ s ok , but I ’ m looking for something that performs better in low light , has a better display panel , and longer battery life .	Oh , ah , um the Nikon D60 is a nice option .	Yeah , but what kit lens does this camera come with ? I don ’ t want some bulky telephoto lens .	Oh , well this one has the , uh .	Looks to me like an 18-55 mm lens . pretty standard , that will do . Not like my husband will be stalking celebrities or anything !	So , ahem , can I interest you in any acc ...	Accessories ? Do you carry polarizing filters ?	Polarizing filter um we should ! I ’ m sorry , ma ’ am . It looks like we ’ re sold out .
ddpc-0703	Good morning . Thank you for the interview .	No problem . Now , do you prefer working with others or flying solo ?
ddpc-0704	Lin's office supplies . How may I direct your call ?	Marry Lin please .	Sure , just a moment . ... I'm sorry no one answer the phone .	All right , could I leave a message ?
ddpc-0705	Room service .	Good morning . This is room 113 . I'd like some breakfast , please .	Right . Excuse me . Mrs . Jones ?	That's right .	What can I do for you ?	I'd like some grapefruit juice , marmalade , two scrambled eggs with two sausages , toast , and a pot of black coffee , please . How long will it take ?
ddpc-0706	Hello !	Hello , Is that Stefan ?	I'm sorry , but I'm afraid you've dialed the wrong number.There is no Stefan here .	Really ? Are you sure ? I called before and he was there .	Yes . I'm sure . You have the wrong number . I have used this number for more than 20 years .	That can't be true . I remember the number clearly . Is your number 1199886 ?	No , it isn't . It's 1199866 . It seems that you have misdialed .
ddpc-0707	Ok , honey , time to take down the Christmas tree .	Do we have to ?	Come on , it ’ s losing needles all the time and the branches are sagging .	It ’ s not that bad , besides it really looks nice in that corner . It gives the room a good atmosphere .	A good atmosphere ? The tree is falling apart , and it ’ s messing up the room .	But it makes the place feel so much like Christmas . I ’ d really hate to have to take it down .	But Christmas was two weeks ago ! It ’ s been there only because we ’ Ve been too busy to get rid of it .	I know , but it seems like such a shame to have to take it away .	But it ’ s falling apart , and the cat keeps playing with the lower branches .
ddpc-0708	Where to , ma'am ?	The Grand Hotel .
ddpc-0709	Hello , Parker . How ’ s everything ?	Can ’ t complain . And you ?	Business is booming . I understand you want to meet up with me next week . How ’ s your schedule looking ?	Let me see . I can come out and see you first thing Wednesday .
ddpc-0710	They ’ ll do the operation for you this Friday .	But Saturday is my birthday .	I think it ’ s important to do now . We can have a birthday party for you when you come out of the hospital .	But it won ’ t be on my birthday .
ddpc-0711	Hello , I want to apply for the position of an usher in your restaurant .	Welcome . One of your duties is to know the number of the customer and accept reservation .	What else do I need to do ?	You inform the people in charge and let them reserve dinning tables for guests .
ddpc-0712	I want some cosmetics.Could you recommend some ?	I think Pond's is the best .	And they're very dear , too .	They're on special offer today .
ddpc-0713	That way they look longer .	Now what are you doing ?	Putting on mascara .	Nasty . You'd better not rub your eyes .
ddpc-0714	I'm very sorry , sir . My car has broken down .	Sorry to hear that . Can we do anything about it ?
ddpc-0715	Let's have seafood for a change.How about oyster and lobster ?	I couldn't agree more !	Anything else you want to add ?
ddpc-0716	Hello , I want to apply for the position of an usher in your restaurant .	Welcome . One of your duties is to know the number of the customer and accept reservation .
ddpc-0717	Hi , Dan . What's new ?	Where have you been ? I've been trying to get in touch with you for two days .	I went to Salt Lake City on business . What's up ?	I got fired .	How come ? Last time I saw you . You told me it was a good job , and you'd like to take it as a career . That was only one month ago . Why this sudden change ?	It's a long story . In a word , I didn't do a good job of it . I messed up a business deal , a deal that would have made ten million dollars and I messed it up .
ddpc-0718	Oh dear , my weight has gone up again .	I am not surprised , you eat too much .
ddpc-0719	The boss announces the pay raise today , right ? How much do you think we'll get ?	No idea . Your guess is as good as mine .
ddpc-0720	Honey , what's wrong with you ?	I'm not feeling well . I'm very nervous .	Take it easy . We are going to have our own baby . You should be happy .	Yeah , I know .	The doctors and the nurses will help you . And I will be waiting for you right here , praying for you and our baby .
ddpc-0721	Come on ! It's time to go !	Wait a minute ! Just hold your horses ! What's your hurry , anyway ?
ddpc-0722	Has Robert ever missed coming to one of our parties ?	Only once or twice at the most .	Do you know why ?	I have no idea .
ddpc-0723	Hi , Becky , what's up ?	Not much , except that my mother-in-law is driving me up the wall .	What's the problem ?	She loves to nit-pick and criticizes everything that I do . I can never do anything right when she ' s around .
ddpc-0724	Actually I have a passion for Chinese literature .	You do ?
ddpc-0725	Hello ?	Hi , Mr . Smith . This is Mary . Is Jenny there ?	No , I ’ m afraid not , Mary . May I take a message for her ?
ddpc-0726	What are you listening to ? Is that Beethoven or Mozart ?	It's Beethoven . Do you like it ?	I think Beethoven's music is incredible . I've heard that listening to it can make you more intelligent , too . Do you believe that ?	I don't know about that , but I do think that it helps people relax .	What other kind of music do you listen to ?	Actually , I mostly just listen classical music . What about you ?	To be honest , I think classical music is too complicated for me .	What kind of music do you prefer then ?	I like pop music . Do you ?	Not really . I don't think pop music has much depth .	I see what you mean . I think that's way I like it so much .	How long have you been in to pop music , then ?	I've always been into it . Have you always liked classical music ?	Not really . When I was little , we didn't really listen to music at all .	So , how did you become interested in it ?	Well , when I was about 10 years old , I started playing the piano . I think that's how it all started .
ddpc-0727	Room service.What can I do for you ?	This is room 2012 . Where is my laundry ? You promised to send to me this morning .	Well , let me check for you . I am sorry , sir . They mistook your order as a normal one.Actualty it's an express laundry , is that right ?	Yes , I ordered the express service .	Sir , we are terribly sorry for that.We will refund the charge and send your laundry to your room 3 hours later . Is that all right ?
ddpc-0728	I'd like to invite you to dinner tonight , do you think have time ?	Thank you for your inition . I'm free tonight .	Which kind of food do you like , chinese food , western food or sea food ?	I prefer sea food .	ok . I'll pick up your hotel at 6 thirty pm .
ddpc-0729	Are you free tomorrow night ?	Yes , I am .
ddpc-0730	I hear you are expecting your family .	Yes , my parents , and soon my brother as well .	I didn't know you had a brother .	Oh , yes , he is two years older than me . He lives in New Zealand so I don't see him that often .	Oh , nice . Is he coming on his own or with the family ?	His son is coming as well . He wants to go to university here in England so they will visit a few universities while they are here .	Does your brother have just one son ?	No , he has two daughters as well . His wife and daughters are visiting her parents . So I won't see them .	I'm sure your parents are looking forward to seeing their grandson .
ddpc-0731	Hello !	Hello , Is that Stefan ?	I'm sorry , but I'm afraid you've dialed the wrong number.There is no Stefan here .	Really ? Are you sure ? I called before and he was there .	Yes . I'm sure . You have the wrong number . I have used this number for more than 20 years .	That can't be true . I remember the number clearly . Is your number 1199886 ?
ddpc-0732	I do want to meet with you and take a look at your catalogue . We ’ re redecorating and are going to add some things .	Well , I ’ ll be glad to help you out . I can come out anytime on Tuesday or Thursday of next week .	Let ’ s put it down for 1:15 on Thursday . We ’ ll definitely need some new filing cabinets and at least one desk unit .
ddpc-0733	Do you have sport shirts for ladies ?	There are different types . Which one do you like best ?	I think the red one fits me well . Can I try it on ?
ddpc-0734	John , I was looking through some magazines for ideas about where we might go on vacation this year .	I've already told my buddy , Mark , that I am going hunting with him in Alaska .	You can't be serious !	Hey , I've always gone hunting or fishing on vacation . I am sorry that bothers you .	After a year together , I thought it pretty safe to assume that we would automatically spend our vacation together .	Says who ? I don't think that is necessarily the case .
ddpc-0735	Is it your first time to join the sports meeting of Junior High School ?	Yes , and it's great . What are the events at the sports meeting ?	Long-distance race , dash , hurdle race , relay race , standing long jump , high jump , shotput and so on .	Our neighbor , Bruce , will take part in the relay race . Let's go have a look .	OK , let's go .	The competition will begin in 5 minutes , it's tense here .	Wonderful , Bruce is taking the lead .	Other competitors have almost caught up with him . They are neck and neck .
ddpc-0736	Let's play chess .	I haven't played chess for a long time .	That's all right , I'm a beginner . I've just learnt how to play .	Look , there's a chessboard . Those two men have already finished playing .	You're a very good player
ddpc-0737	Hi , Dan . What's new ?	Where have you been ? I've been trying to get in touch with you for two days .	I went to Salt Lake City on business . What's up ?	I got fired .	How come ? Last time I saw you . You told me it was a good job , and you'd like to take it as a career . That was only one month ago . Why this sudden change ?	It's a long story . In a word , I didn't do a good job of it . I messed up a business deal , a deal that would have made ten million dollars and I messed it up .
ddpc-0738	I want something sweet after dinner .	What do you have in mind ?	A dessert sounds nice .	What kind are you thinking of getting ?	I want to get some pie .
ddpc-0739	Can I help you ?	Yes , I would like to buy a Walkman . Can you tell me about the models you have ?	Well , we have a lot of models here.Did you want to listen to CD's or cassettes or the radio ?	Mostly cassette tapes .	Alright . There are several models you may want to look at.This Kreng portable cassette player is very good .	Kreng ? I've never heard of that company .	It's a German company.This unit has auto-reverse , recording capability , and an AM / FM radio band.It also has a built-in microphone .	I suppose I don't want that one then . I don't like auto-reverse . It breaks too easily .	Really ? Have you had an auto-reverse break before ?	Yes , twice now . I think it's too high-tech , and so it's the first part that breaks .
ddpc-0740	Excuse me , what do you want for this bag ?	Let me see . The one goes for $ 17 .
ddpc-0741	Office Supplies , Inc . Robert speaking , may I help you ?	Hi , Robert . This is Janet Reese calling from American Advertising . We placed an order with you about a week ago .
ddpc-0742	Let's have seafood for a change.How about oyster and lobster ?	I couldn't agree more !	Anything else you want to add ?
ddpc-0743	Did you pack this bag yourself ? Has it been out of your possession at any time before checking-in ?	Yes , I packed it myself , and it hasn ’ t been out of my possession .	Are you bringing in any plants or animal products ?	No .	Our sniffer dog seems to disagree . Do you mind if we look in your suitcase ?	Not at all . Go right ahead .
ddpc-0744	What's the matter with me , Doctor ? I feel so tired these days .	Is your blood pressure , I'm afraid . It's far too high .	And what's the cause of that ?	Overwork-amongst other things . You can't work 24 hours a day . You ' Ve got to slow down .	But I can't just slow down .	You've got to , I'm afraid . And look at this . You weigh 200 stones . That's too much for a man of your size .	You mean I've got to lose weight ?	Yes . You've got to cut down on bread and potatoes and take more exercise .
ddpc-0745	My son came home from three years in the navy .	It was a real red letter day for you .	Yeah . We rolled out the red carpet to welcome him home .
ddpc-0746	Hello , ma ’ am , can I help you find something ?	Yes , actually I ’ m looking to buy a camera .	We ’ Ve got a wide selection do you know if you ’ d like a point-and-shoot , or something a little fancier ? Are you shopping for yourself or for someone else ?	Actually I ’ m buying a camera for my husband .	Ah , well then I ’ d recommend a nice entry-level digital SLR .	Yeah ? Can I take a look at the Sirs you carry ?	Sure thing , follow me . This here is the .	The Canon Eos . Yeah it ’ s ok , but I ’ m looking for something that performs better in low light , has a better display panel , and longer battery life .	Oh , ah , um the Nikon D60 is a nice option .	Yeah , but what kit lens does this camera come with ? I don ’ t want some bulky telephoto lens .	Oh , well this one has the , uh .	Looks to me like an 18-55 mm lens . pretty standard , that will do . Not like my husband will be stalking celebrities or anything !	So , ahem , can I interest you in any acc ...	Accessories ? Do you carry polarizing filters ?	Polarizing filter um we should ! I ’ m sorry , ma ’ am . It looks like we ’ re sold out .
ddpc-0747	Hello , Sir . So , you are back ?	Yes , hello again . I would like to know the exact difference between Dividend Deposit and Dividend Participated Deposit .	That's pretty easy to explain . With the Deposit , the interest is fixed , but the Dividend of each policy will be transferred automatically into your bank account by the end of each year . The longer the term , the higher the Dividend you earn . This is because it is calculated at the Compound Interest Rate .	And I can purchase that here ?
ddpc-0748	You've heard of Bruce Jenner , haven't you ?	He won the decathlon in the 1976 Olympics , right ?	I read that he trained so much that he used to dream about jumping hurdles .	I can think of better things to dream about ...	Sometimes he would wake up covered in sweat , with his legs pumping away .
ddpc-0749	Where are you going ?	I'm going to buy a CD .
ddpc-0750	hi , Lander . What's wrong ?	I can hardly make ends meet these days .	same here . I have't brought any new clothes for three months .	my income remains the same but prices just continue to rise .	true . The news says that there is a general increase in the price of daily necessities .	definitely . I have to spend 300 yuan more on food every month .	the biggest price jump is for pork , so most people have to turn to chicken .	is that inflation ?	inflation is more than just the rising prices , I guess . But the central bank is warning about the risk of inflation .	has the government taken some measures to curb it ?	yes . The government has banned price hikes in some key industries like energy .	but I'm afraid the price hikes will spill over from food into other areas of the economy .	you said it . I think we should tighten our budget and cut our spending .	how ?	for a start , we can take the public transport to work . You know , running a car is a big expense .
ddpc-0751	Did you hear about the robbery ?	Did I hear about it ? I saw it happen .
ddpc-0752	Oh , hi , Jessica , are you going to see this movie too ?	I'd love to , the movies are smash hit .	Then let's go in .	I can't . I'm waiting for Paul , but he's late .	I'll say the movie's starting in the minute .	I know . I wonder what's keeping him .	Looks like he won't show up . He's done this before , hasn't he ?	Yeah , a number of times .	What's he trying to pull anyway .	I don't know . But this is definitely the last straw .
ddpc-0753	Excuse me . I am looking for a book called Little Women , but I can't find it anywhere .	Let me see . I am sorry we just have sold it out .
ddpc-0754	Hello , Bessie .	Hello , Jack.Happy birthday !	My birthday ? I forgot it , Thank you for remembering my birthday .
ddpc-0755	Did you hear about the robbery ?	Did I hear about it ? I saw it happen .	Are you serious ?	I was there .	What happened ?	A man came into the bank with a gun .	That's insane .
ddpc-0756	Lin's office supplies . How may I direct your call ?	Marry Lin please .	Sure , just a moment . ... I'm sorry no one answer the phone .	All right , could I leave a message ?
ddpc-0757	I can ’ t stand being with you anymore . I'm sick of your drinking .	I swear never to drink again . Just give me another chance , please !
ddpc-0758	I'd like to apply for a credit card . Can you help me with my application ?	I'd be glad to .	I'm afraid that I don't have a credit history . I just came to this country .	Do you have an account with this bank ?	I'm afraid not .	In that case I highly recommend you apply for a savings and checking account also . That would help with your credit card application .	What is the interest rate on your card ?	The annual charge rate is 9.5 % .	That's very expensive !
ddpc-0759	I'd like you to do me a favor .	What is it ?	Can you mail this at the post office for me ? I have to go to the doctor for an appointment and I don't have enough time to go to the post office .	Sure . And I'd like you to get some cold medicine for me when you go to the doctor's .
ddpc-0760	Let's do something outdoors today .	All right . But I don't want to play tennis . We played tennis last weekend .
ddpc-0761	Wow , Amy , look at that number .	What's so great about it ?	What do you mean ? It's a scrim .
ddpc-0762	What's wrong with you , young man ?	Doctor , I have a bad cough and a headache .	Do you have a fever ?	I don't know , but I feel terrible .	Let me examine you . Don't worry . It's nothing serious .	Do you think I should lie in bed ?
ddpc-0763	Margaret , do you think I should enroll in the science course ?	Yes , I think so , If you want to graduated this year , you've got to take a science course .	Right , I figure since you are doing premedical , you know about the very courses .	Well , I have to take biology , chemistry , maps and physics.what you need is a good introductory course for non-science majors .
ddpc-0764	I am calling to find out why I didn ’ t receive an unemployment check this week .	Did you send in your Continued Claim Form for the last period ?	I think I forgot to send it in !
ddpc-0765	Tell me a little bit about yourself , please .	My name is Dunlin and I live in Beijing . I was born in 1980 . I will graduate from Peking University this July . I have majored in accounting .	Would you tell me something about your family ?	There are three in my family , my parents and myself . My father is a teacher and my mother is a worker .
ddpc-0766	Hello , Sir . So , you are back ?	Yes , hello again . I would like to know the exact difference between Dividend Deposit and Dividend Participated Deposit .	That's pretty easy to explain . With the Deposit , the interest is fixed , but the Dividend of each policy will be transferred automatically into your bank account by the end of each year . The longer the term , the higher the Dividend you earn . This is because it is calculated at the Compound Interest Rate .	And I can purchase that here ?
ddpc-0767	What's up ? You sound a little down in dumps .	I quarreled with my roommate last night . He is really stubborn .	Calm down ! Shouting won ’ t help ?	He is really outrageous .	What happened ?	I went back home last night . You know tired as a dog , so I took a quick shower and went to bed . I couldn't fall asleep , because Brian was there in the living room , playing his stupid stereo so loud . I kindly told him to turn that down a little bit . He shouted at me .	What ? He can't do this to you .	Well , he did it anyway . Then he came into my room and shot all his shit blah blah blah ... you know .
ddpc-0768	I ’ m forming a music band .	Do you already know how to play an instrument ?	Uh ... Yeah ! I ’ Ve told you a thousand times that I ’ m learning to play the drums . Now that I know how to play well , I would like to form a rock band .	Aside from yourself , who are the other members of the band ?	We have a guy who plays guitar , and another who plays bass . Although we still haven ’ t found anyone to be our singer . You told me that you had some musical talent , right ?	Yes , I ’ m a singer .
ddpc-0769	What's up ?	Nothing much , what's going on ?	I'm having a party this Friday .
ddpc-0770	Can you help me now ?	No , but I'll be able to tomorrow .	That'll be too late .	Why don't you ask Bill if he can help ?
ddpc-0771	Let's program your courses . Since you have had English literature , you should take American literature and American prose and fiction.You transcript indicate that your English background is strong , so I don't think you have any problem with it .	How many credits for each course ?
ddpc-0772	Do you speak only English in the class , or does your teacher explain everything to you in Spanish ?	Oh , we never speak Spanish in class ! Miss.Parker speaks to us only in English .	I suppose she's right . Does she speak English very slowly ?	Not always . Sometimes we don't understand her . Then she has to repeat what she said .
ddpc-0773	Excuse me , I'd like to ask you a few questions about the city .	OK , please .	My wife wants to take the children to go shopping , where is the best place to go ?	I would recommend the mall , it's about 20 minutes , drive to the south in a taxi . It has a wide range of shops and restaurants .
ddpc-0774	I was just watching a documentary on TV about how people use dogs for various purpose . It was very interesting .	I love dogs . They have been used as guards for centuries . Nowadays , they are often used to find illegal drugs and bombs by the police and customs officers .	The documentary also pointed out that they are used by shepherds to round up sheep and by rescue workers to find people trapped under rubble or snow .
ddpc-0775	Office Supplies , Inc . Robert speaking , may I help you ?	Hi , Robert . This is Janet Reese calling from American Advertising . We placed an order with you about a week ago .
ddpc-0776	Did you watch the final last night ? My favorite singer won !	Oh , I love him too . He not only sings well but also shows perseverance when he encounters difficulties in the contest .	Yeah , he got booted after his initial performance in the audition , but he did not give up . He then tried at another two auditions .	He had barely survived the third audition and finally got a chance to advance in the contest . Fortunately , in the third audition , he has won popularity among the audience . And that's when I started to notice him .	Me too .
ddpc-0777	How smart of you to book the tickets before hand !	Oh , do you really think so ?	Of course , otherwise you ’ ll just have to wait for hours .
ddpc-0778	Have you ever shopped online ?	Quite often . It is very convenient , saving me a lot of time .	Do you have some experiences to share with me ? I want to have a try .	You are asking the right person . Here are two very important tips . First , you need to visit no more than one site to find the best products and prices . I can recommend you some online merchants . Second , write your mail address correctly . Otherwise , you can ’ t receive your delivery in time .	What about the registration procedure ? Is that complicated ?	Not at all . You just need to provide your name , address , e-mail address , phone number and bank or credit card information . I will help you with that .	It is so nice of you .
ddpc-0779	How do you celebrate national day in your country ?	There are parades in many cities and people fly the national flags from almost every public building .	What kinds of parades are there ?
ddpc-0780	Steven , shall we go shopping tomorrow ?	Hum ... Why not go shopping the day after tomorrow ? Tomorrow is Saturday . I hate all the hustle and bustle of Saturday shopping .	But Sunday is the same with Saturday . If you don ’ t mind , that's OK .	Hum.Maybe it will be better . The most important thing is that I can have a day to relax after a week's work .
ddpc-0781	Excuse me . can you tell me where Main Street is ?	Turn left at the second light and then go straight for two blocks .	Is it far ?	No . it ’ s only five minutes walk . you can ’ t miss it .
ddpc-0782	Is the right counter to check in for this flight ?	Yes , it is . Please put your luggage on this scale .
ddpc-0783	It's located in the suburbs ? Well even though that sounds like a steal , I really want something downtown .	OK . Well the problem is that the apartments in the heart of the city are usually more expensive .
ddpc-0784	It's getting late . I really have to go .	I hope we'll get together again soon .
ddpc-0785	Excuse me . Do you mind if I try this on ?	Not at all . The changing rooms are just this way .	Thanks . It's a little tight . Do you have any in a larger size ?	Sure . I'll give you the next size up . That one is small , right ?	Yes . Also , I'm not so sure about the color .
ddpc-0786	I'm sorry , but I don't think this damage is our fault .	What do you mean ?	It looks like the shipping company did this .	We'd better take it up with them , in that case .
ddpc-0787	Our benefits usually include medical insurance , public accumulation fund and allowances .	What are the allowances ?	If you go on a business trip , you will enjoy the allowance . It is 200 yuan per day .	Well , I see . And what about the vacation in our company ?	As a new-comer , you usually have five days of annual vacation . And remember you have to fill out a request form , if you want to ask for leave .
ddpc-0788	what did you do last night ?	I just stayed at home and watched TV .	did you watch the Barcelona versus Madrid game ?	yes , it was a very evenly matched game .	what were the results of the game ?	it ended in a tie .	what was the actual score ?	it was three all .	really ? I thought Barcelona was going to win . They are a much better team than Madrid .	if Barcelona had played as they normally do , they should have won .
ddpc-0789	Let's program your courses . Since you have had English literature , you should take American literature and American prose and fiction.You transcript indicate that your English background is strong , so I don't think you have any problem with it .	How many credits for each course ?
ddpc-0790	Could you do me a favor and proofread my resume before I send it out to the human resources department ?	Sure , let me take a look ... Personal Information , Education , Experience , Training ... I think you should add another section for language . You speak three languages , so you might as well put that on your resume .	But languages don't have anything to do with engineering . Shouldn't everything I put on my resume have something to do with my field ?	Not necessarily . I think people would be impressed by your language abilities . It says something about your level of intellect and experience . Also , I think human resources directors want to see more of a well-rounded person in a resume .	It's just a piece of paper , you think that they can tell if I am a well-rounded person by looking at it ?
ddpc-0791	I want to give our kitchen the works .	Why ? I think it ’ s convenient and good .	No . The decoration has been out-of-date . My friends have a whole kitchen now . It ’ s modern .	Why should we run after the fashion ?
ddpc-0792	Why didn't you tell me you had a girlfriend ?	Sorry , I thought you knew .	But you should tell me you were in love with her .	Didn't I ?
ddpc-0793	Good morning ! I am a new comer in our office .	Good morning ! Welcome to our office !	Nice to meet you ! My name is Grace Williams .
ddpc-0794	What's the problem , Nada ? You look down in the dumps .	I don't know . My life is a big mess . Everything is so complicated .	come on , nothing can be that bad .	but promise me , you'll keep it a secret .	ok , I promise . So what's troubling you so much ?	I've fallen in love with my boss .	really ? Is he married ?	no , of course not . He is still single .	then what's your problem ?	I try to keep it to myself . But there is a lot of gossip about us .	oh , I see . Office romance tends to be the subject of gossip .	worse still , he is trying to avoid me these days .	office romance is very tricky .
ddpc-0795	I find that you spend little on handset charge every month . Have you any trick ?	It's simple . You can use call transfer .	Is it so simple ?	Sure . You know , we spend most of our time at home or in the office every day , so I receive handset calls with the hand-free telephone , so I need pay little for receiving calls .	It's true .	Call transfer has many other advantages . When I am in places where network can't cover , such as the high building , I also use call transfer function , which transfers my calls to the hand-free telephone and I will not miss any call .	That's all ?
ddpc-0796	Hey , son , are you insured ?	Not yet , but I'm thinking of it . Have you bought one , Dad ?	I took out a life insurance policy and made your mother the beneficiary .	Can you tell me why you want to buy it ?	I am a fireman and it is a dangerous job . I have to consider your mother's life .	Oh , I see . Do you advise me to buy one ?	You have children now . What if something , God forbid , happens to you ?	That's true . Well , how much do you think I should get ?
ddpc-0797	Can you tell me the best way to look for an apartment ?	The local newspaper has ads for housing .
ddpc-0798	Matthew ? Hi !	Steve ! Haven't seen you in ages ! How long's it been ?	It's got to be almost a year now .	How have you been ?	I'm pretty good . I've been looking for a place to live recently . My lease runs out next month and I don't want to renew it .	Yeah , I remember the neighborhood . Have you found a place yet ?	Not yet . But I am still looking through the classifieds . Wish me luck .	Well , maybe I can help . Remember my neighbor ?
ddpc-0799	what did you do last night ?	I just stayed at home and watched TV .	did you watch the Barcelona versus Madrid game ?	yes , it was a very evenly matched game .	what were the results of the game ?	it ended in a tie .	what was the actual score ?	it was three all .	really ? I thought Barcelona was going to win . They are a much better team than Madrid .	if Barcelona had played as they normally do , they should have won .
ddpc-0800	Hi . Have you got a personal computer ?	Certainly . What's the matter ?	I wonder if you often trade with others on the internet .
ddpc-0801	The product's selling points is its advanced technoledge .	Unfortunately , it's just too expensive for majority of consumer to afford .	Why is the price so high ?	It's not just that the price is high , it's that the overhead to update an entire computer system to be compatible is costly .	Model of computers aren't compatible ?	Most current computer systems simply can't handle it because this model truly has extraordinary capabilities .
ddpc-0802	Hello , ma ’ am , can I help you find something ?	Yes , actually I ’ m looking to buy a camera .
ddpc-0803	what's wrong , Jerry ? You look so upset .	to be honest , I was just dumped .	oh , I'm sorry to hear that . You can go on a holiday to cheer you up .	no , thanks . I'm not in the mood for traveling .	come on . A trip will do you good . Are you doing anything this weekend ?	I was planning on doing a lot of wallowing .	well , my friends and I are planning on going to Shangri-La on Saturday . Do you want to come with us ?	where is that ?
ddpc-0804	Shall we visit the Summer Palace tomorrow ?	Good . I don't want to leave Beijing without visiting it .	How far is it from our hotel ?	It's about 5 kilometers .	If we start early , do we have some time for Yuanmingyuan ?
ddpc-0805	Excuse me , what do you want for this bag ?	Let me see . The one goes for $ 17 .
ddpc-0806	I can't believe how hot it is .	It's not even noon yet .	That means it will get hotter .	I am dying from the heat .	Turn on the air conditioner .	It doesn't work .	What happened ?	I don't know .	Did you call the repairman ?
ddpc-0807	It's especially cold when the wind is blowing .	Why don't you wear a scarf ?
ddpc-0808	You seem to very busy these days . What are you doing ?	I am swapped with work after 10 - day holiday .
ddpc-0809	Would you please show me the necklace in the window ?	Is this the one you want ?	No , the one next to it .	Here you are .	Thanks . What kind of stone is this ?	It's a ruby . It is from South Africa . Would you like to try it on ?
ddpc-0810	I'm sorry I'm so late . I had a really bad day .	It's ten after six.We ' re late.But dinner is at six thirty .
ddpc-0811	what was your wedding ceremony like , Abigail ?	my husband and I got married in a registry office with just two friends there as witnesses . But then we had three parties to celebrate .	three parties ? That's quite a lot . That must have been expensive !	well , since my husband and I are from two different countries , and we live in a third country , we decided to have one in each country . It wasn't actually that expensive .	were your parents upset that they weren't there to see you get married ?	I would have liked them to be there , but they couldn ’ t afford to fly out to see us , and we couldn't afford to fly out to see them , so they understood .	did your husband's family get to meet your family ?	my husband's parents flew out to meet my family when we got married in my hometown , so that was great . Some people spend ridiculous amounts of money on extravagant wedding receptions , but we agreed t
ddpc-0812	I have to check out now . My name is Ruth Carson . Can I have my bill , please ?	Yes , it's $ 167 .
ddpc-0813	Hi , I think I was supposed to call for my test results today .	If you go onto our website and put in your password , you can access your test results .	Are you saying that there weren ’ t any problems ?	I will always have you come in for a discussion if there is a major problem .	Will I be able to read the results on the website and understand them ?	Yes , if you go there , you can see what each test is about .	How will I know what the numbers mean ?	You can see your results and how they compare to the normal range .
ddpc-0814	What do you think about the equipment in our company ?	We have to equip our company with a network of work stations at every office and show room as soon as possible .	I also realized this issue . And office automation is essential .	Besides , Internet tends to be more essential now in the information age .	Good idea . A network of work stations is helpful for our management .	And , to be frank , our copying machines are too slow ; our telephone system is limited in function .
ddpc-0815	What's the problem , Nada ? You look down in the dumps .	I don't know . My life is a big mess . Everything is so complicated .	come on , nothing can be that bad .	but promise me , you'll keep it a secret .	ok , I promise . So what's troubling you so much ?	I've fallen in love with my boss .	really ? Is he married ?	no , of course not . He is still single .	then what's your problem ?	I try to keep it to myself . But there is a lot of gossip about us .	oh , I see . Office romance tends to be the subject of gossip .	worse still , he is trying to avoid me these days .	office romance is very tricky .
ddpc-0816	Excuse me , could you help me pick out a lotion ?	Sure , what is the problem ?
ddpc-0817	Have you got your invitation yet ?	My invitation ? No , I haven't . My invitation to what ?	The house warming party .	Whose house warming party is it ?	Tom and Bill Smith . They are both working now you know ? And they've bought a new house .	Oh , they have ? I didn't know . I haven't seen Tom lately .
ddpc-0818	Do you have sport shirts for ladies ?	There are different types . Which one do you like best ?	I think the red one fits me well . Can I try it on ?	Surely , of course .	Where is the fitting room ?
ddpc-0819	Excuse me , what's the time difference between Tokyo and London ?	8 hours . Tokyo is 8 hours earlier than London .	It's one day more or one day less from Tokyo to London ?	One day more .	It means that we will arrive on the same day .	Yes .
ddpc-0820	Wow , Amy , look at that number .	What's so great about it ?	What do you mean ? It's a scrim .	Not to me , I wouldn't be caught dead in that .	I love that kind of stuff .	Yeah , you seem to like those styles .	Sure do . I get a kick out of looking punk .	This one looks really expensive though .
ddpc-0821	Please help yourself to whatever you like , don't be shy .	Yes , thank you . I've already been helping myself .
ddpc-0822	I would like to buy a bottle of cleansing milk.Can you recommend me some kinds ?	Sure . What kind of skin do you have ?	My skin is oily .	Then I advise you to buy the LAY cleansing milk .	Can you tell me more ?
ddpc-0823	Nice to meet you here.How come you dropped into this company today ?	My boss sent me here to take some business documents back to his office . I didn't know you were working here.What a surprise.How long have you been doing this ?	Two years or so .	That is great.Do you have to work the night shift ?	No , in most cases I don't have to unless there is something urgent to deal with . I work five days a week .	Do you enjoy work here ?	It is hard to say.But I've to start by working as a trainee before I really become an experienced marketing assistant.Sometimes , I am really under great pressure when it gets busy .	Take it easy . I'm sure you will gain enough experience while working as a marketing assistant . I hope you haven't been given much trouble in the job .	Luckily not.The silent I meet are generally very friendly and have a good boss .	Glad to hear that .
ddpc-0824	That looks graceful on you .	Thank you.But it is too bright for me .	How about this brown one ?	Let me try it on . I like that color .
ddpc-0825	I'm sorry I'm so late . I had a really bad day .	It's ten after six.We ' re late.But dinner is at six thirty .
ddpc-0826	I can ’ t stand being with you anymore . I'm sick of your drinking .	I swear never to drink again . Just give me another chance , please !
ddpc-0827	Are you doing anything tomorrow morning ? I'm wondering if you'd like to come to my office to discuss the new project .	Tomorrow morning ? What about tomorrow afternoon ?	Then I'll see you in the afternoon .
ddpc-0828	Who's that ?	Search me .
ddpc-0829	Did you hear about the robbery ?	Did I hear about it ? I saw it happen .
ddpc-0830	Are you going to vote ?	Of course ! Are you ?	I plan to , but what day is the election ?	You should know that .	Can you just tell me ?
ddpc-0831	Good afternoon . Can I be of service ?	I don't know . Can I purchase Treasury Certificates here at this counter ?	Yes , of course . We have Treasury Notes with two , three and five-year terms available .	Two years is fine , with a value of 1,000 RIB .	OK , could I take a look at some ID please , like a passport ?	Here you go . By the way , is it possible to cash them before the maturity comes up ?	No , I'm afraid that isn't possible . You must wait until maturity before you cash them .
ddpc-0832	What's wrong with you ?	I have a sore throat and headache .
ddpc-0833	Has Robert ever missed coming to one of our parties ?	Only once or twice at the most .
ddpc-0834	What would you like to have for dinner ? Chicken or beef ?	Chicken , please .	Good choice !	What kind of drinks do you have ?	Well , we have all kinds of beverages in addition to fruit juices .	In that case , let me have a glass of orange juice .	Anything else ?	I would like to have some tea as well .
ddpc-0835	Over here is our gym . We have all the latest equipment .	But I haven't used exercising equipment before . Can you tell us some more details ?	Certainly . We have here the race apparatus , stationary bike , muscle builder set , chest expander , bar bell , dumb bell and so on .	Working in the gym is a very good way for losing weight . What else do you have ?	Here's the swimming pool . It's open from 10 a . m . to 11 p . m . There are also massage rooms here .
ddpc-0836	Look at the show on TV . I am watching a food show at a very famous seafood restaurant . I really want to eat at that restaurant . I am a seafood lover .	Speaking of seafood , my mouth is watering . Let's go to the seafood restaurant in our neighborhood .	Sound great . Let's go !	Look at the crystal clear fridge . You can see so many kinds of seafood in it . They all look very fresh and delicious .
ddpc-0837	Room service , is there anything I can do for you ?	Yes , I am afraid there are not enough outlets .	Well , we have 6 for each room .
ddpc-0838	What are your personal weaknesses ?	I ’ m afraid I ’ m a poor talker . I ’ m not comfortable talking with the people whom I have just met for the first time . That is not very good for business , so I have been studying public speaking .
ddpc-0839	Well , I'm afraid I must be going now . I have no idea it was so late .	Stay for dinner with us .
ddpc-0840	Yeah , look at all those new buildings going up ! Mr . Zhang , the traffic is pretty smooth . But we were told the roads from the airport to downtown were quite crowded and traffic jams could be as long as half an hour .	Yes , they were . But it has already past . The traffic from the airport to downtown has been relieved after the completion of Yan'an Aerial Road .	We've never expected that Shanghai is such a big metropolis , same as New York city . David , would it be a good idea to rent a car here ? I've got an international driver's license with a pretty good record in the States .
ddpc-0841	I do want to meet with you and take a look at your catalogue . We ’ re redecorating and are going to add some things .	Well , I ’ ll be glad to help you out . I can come out anytime on Tuesday or Thursday of next week .	Let ’ s put it down for 1:15 on Thursday . We ’ ll definitely need some new filing cabinets and at least one desk unit .
ddpc-0842	You are looking really healthy lately . What are you doing differently ?	Thank you for noticing ! I've been making a few lifestyle changes over the past year .
ddpc-0843	How's John doing ?	He can barely make ends meet .
ddpc-0844	Hey , son , are you insured ?	Not yet , but I'm thinking of it . Have you bought one , Dad ?	I took out a life insurance policy and made your mother the beneficiary .	Can you tell me why you want to buy it ?
ddpc-0845	Excuse me , I'd like to ask you a few questions about the city .	OK , please .	My wife wants to take the children to go shopping , where is the best place to go ?	I would recommend the mall , it's about 20 minutes , drive to the south in a taxi . It has a wide range of shops and restaurants .
ddpc-0846	We have made some adjustment on the prices . And this is renewed price list .	Thank you for allowing us 3 % reduction , but still we find your price is on the high side .	This is our rock-bottom price , and we can't make any further reduction .	If so , we find it difficult for us to go on with our talks .	Then what ’ s your counter-offer ?	This is our counter-offer .	We are sincere to make business with you , but the difference between your counter-offer and our price is too great .	So are we . Our counter-offer is in line with the world market .	How about meeting each other half-way in order to conclude the business ?
ddpc-0847	Good morning , sir . Sorry to disturb you . May I make up the room now ?	Yes , please . We're on our way out , so we put the ' make up ' sign on . Could you bring us some towels and hangers ?
ddpc-0848	Hello .	Good morning , Ruth . Did I wake you up ?	No , I was just about to get up . What's up , Carl ?	Listen , I am calling to confirm what you said yesterday . Are we supposed to meet at the Chinatown terminal of the Avenue B bus or D bus ?
ddpc-0849	Hello . I bought a China dress in your shop this morning .	Yes ?	I bought it one size up by mistake .	Oh , did you ?	I wonder if you can change it to one size down .	Yes , of course.Will you come with the receipt ?
ddpc-0850	Steven , shall we go shopping tomorrow ?	Hum ... Why not go shopping the day after tomorrow ? Tomorrow is Saturday . I hate all the hustle and bustle of Saturday shopping .	But Sunday is the same with Saturday . If you don ’ t mind , that's OK .	Hum.Maybe it will be better . The most important thing is that I can have a day to relax after a week's work .	I see . We will go the day after tomorrow .	By the way , what kind of stores do we need to go ?	I want to buy some clothes in clothing store . When we are going back , go to the butcher's shop and buy some chicken .	Let ’ s also go to the jewelry store to buy a crystal necklace . I want to buy one for you as your birthday present .
ddpc-0851	What's the matter with you , then ? You look miserable .	It's us .	What do you mean by " us " ?	Well , we used to talk to each other before we were married . Remember ?	What do you mean ? We ' re talking now , aren't we ?
ddpc-0852	Very glad to know something about you , then what are you going to do when you finish .	Oh , I ’ ll go to shanghai to practice there .	That ’ s a good idea . It must be easy to find a job in shanghai .	I think so , you know there is a great deal of opportunity for business there .
ddpc-0853	Stupid girl , making me spend so much money , now I have to get it from the ATM ...	Hello , welcome to Universal Bank . Please insert your card into the slot .	I know where to put my card ! Stupid machine , talking to me like I ’ m an idiot ...	Please input your 6 digit PIN code followed by the pound key . Thank you . Please select an option.Thank you . You have selected withdrawal .	Yeah , yeah , I know what I selected . Just gimme my money !	Please type the amount you would like to withdraw . Thank you , you want to transfer 10000 USD to the World Wildlife Foundation . If this is correct please press 1 .	No , no ! Stupid machine , what are you doing ! No !
ddpc-0854	Room service , is there anything I can do for you ?	Yes , I am afraid there are not enough outlets .	Well , we have 6 for each room .
ddpc-0855	May I see your ticket and passport , PLS ?	Sure , here they are .	Any luggage ?	Just this suitcase .	Your backpack is very big and today's flight is quite full . I am afraid that you will have to check your backpack too .	No problem . What about this carry-on ?	You can take that with you .
ddpc-0856	Excuse me , I ordered the well-done steak , but this one is so tough .	Well , sir , I think I have made a mistake . I will take it back to the kitchen right now .
ddpc-0857	Hello .	Hi . It ’ s Tony calling from the dentist ’ s office . Is Lily there ?
ddpc-0858	How smart of you to book the tickets before hand !	Oh , do you really think so ?
ddpc-0859	the James ’ s file , Christine ?	I had it right here a minute ago , Mr . Emory . Umm . Just a minute ...	Christine , I know you ’ re new here and there ’ s a lot to learn , but you are going to have to learn to keep your work in better order . We can ’ t afford to lose an important document .
ddpc-0860	Excuse me , are you Mrs . Green from England ?	Yes , I am .	I'm pleased to meet you , Mrs . Green . My name is Myra . I work in Beijing Institute of Technology . I came here to meet you .	How do you do ?
ddpc-0861	You still have not given me those files I ’ Ve asked you for .	I ’ m sorry , Mr . Myers . I ’ Ve just been so busy today .	I really don ’ t want to hear your excuses , Janet . We ’ re running a busy office here . You ’ re going to have to keep up .
ddpc-0862	Can I help you ?	Yes , I would like to buy a Walkman . Can you tell me about the models you have ?	Well , we have a lot of models here.Did you want to listen to CD's or cassettes or the radio ?	Mostly cassette tapes .	Alright . There are several models you may want to look at.This Kreng portable cassette player is very good .	Kreng ? I've never heard of that company .	It's a German company.This unit has auto-reverse , recording capability , and an AM / FM radio band.It also has a built-in microphone .	I suppose I don't want that one then . I don't like auto-reverse . It breaks too easily .	Really ? Have you had an auto-reverse break before ?	Yes , twice now . I think it's too high-tech , and so it's the first part that breaks .
ddpc-0863	Excuse me , could you please show me the way to the human resource department ?	Yeah , but have you made an appointment ahead ?	Yes , of course . I am Monica . I have made an appointment with your HR manager .
ddpc-0864	Should we ask Jason to play ? He's always watching movies on HBO .	I guess we should invite him . I just hope he doesn't start talking about Sylvester Stallone and Arnold Schwarzenegger again .	Oh , come on ! The game is better with three people . Anyway , if we don't ask him to play , he'll be mad .	Yeah , you're right . We'll never hear the end of it .
ddpc-0865	Hi . I need to have my shoes repaired .	What ’ s the matter with them ?	Look at the heels . They are slanting .
ddpc-0866	Even if our company didn't have a dress code , I still think people would wear formal clothing to work .	I wouldn't be so sure ... People want to wear what they feel most comfortable in .	Maybe that's true for some positions , but I think the marketing and sales staff would definitely not agree . They dress for success ! You can't go out on a sales call if you are dressed in jeans . It's just not respectful to you client .	I think what you wear is so overrated . I would rather have a down-to-earth , honest and solid sales person than a painted , patent leather , designer suite salesman .	It's not as simple as that . People judge you by your appearance , whether you like it or not . So dressing professional is being professional . The image that you portray to others is so important in business . It's your image and how others perceive you that makes the difference between landing or losing a sale .	Maybe you're right , but I'll take my sneakers and jeans any day !
ddpc-0867	Hello , Parker . How ’ s everything ?	Can ’ t complain . And you ?	Business is booming . I understand you want to meet up with me next week . How ’ s your schedule looking ?	Let me see . I can come out and see you first thing Wednesday .
ddpc-0868	I am calling to consult you about the job as a copywriter .	Yes , what do you want to know ?
ddpc-0869	What would you like to have for dinner ? Chicken or beef ?	Chicken , please .	Good choice !	What kind of drinks do you have ?	Well , we have all kinds of beverages in addition to fruit juices .	In that case , let me have a glass of orange juice .	Anything else ?	I would like to have some tea as well .
ddpc-0870	Hello . This is Mrs . Wilson . I'd like to buy a new car . Could you offer me a new type of the car , please ?	Oh , Madam , buy what ?	A new car . And I've got a small family , two children , and I haven't got a lot of money and ...	Oh , oh , Madam , Madam , I'm afraid you have the wrong number .	Isn't this the car store ?	No . It's Mike's Sporting Goods .	Oh , sorry . Do you know the number for a car store , then ?
ddpc-0871	Over here is our gym . We have all the latest equipment .	But I haven't used exercising equipment before . Can you tell us some more details ?	Certainly . We have here the race apparatus , stationary bike , muscle builder set , chest expander , bar bell , dumb bell and so on .	Working in the gym is a very good way for losing weight . What else do you have ?	Here's the swimming pool . It's open from 10 a . m . to 11 p . m . There are also massage rooms here .
ddpc-0872	How smart of you to book the tickets before hand !	Oh , do you really think so ?
ddpc-0873	Can we choose a time to look at houses together ?	Can you do that in the mornings , or would the afternoons be best ?	Either way is good for me .	There are a number of open houses this weekend in your area . Would that okay with you ?	I can take a little time off of work , or I can go on a weekend , also .	We could meet at the real estate office , or I could pick you up at your home .	I am leaving from work , so maybe I could just meet you at the first house that we will look at .	I can think of five houses that we should look at . It will take most of the day .	I would like to see as many as possible .
ddpc-0874	It's especially cold when the wind is blowing .	Why don't you wear a scarf ?	What can wearing one do for me ?	You're cold because the wind is blowing into your open collar . It's not because your jacket isn't thick enough .
ddpc-0875	You are an outgoing person , quite easy to talk with .	Yes , my friends like to get along with me well .	Do you have many friends ?
ddpc-0876	Excuse me . Do you know where the Admiral Hotel is ?	That's over on Callaway Street , isn't it ?	Yes , but I can't find Callaway Street .	Walk that way for about four blocks . The hotel's about two blocks north of there .
ddpc-0877	What's the weather forecast for today ?	Cloudy in the morning , overcast in the afternoon .
ddpc-0878	Let's have seafood for a change.How about oyster and lobster ?	I couldn't agree more !
ddpc-0879	Do you like being a doctor ?	Yes , most of the time . But , sometimes things can get difficult .	Can you tell me about it ?	You know , sometimes patients can get very unreasonable . They may insist they are sick when they are not .	What can you do when this happens ?	Not much , usually I'll just keep silent .
ddpc-0880	Wow , Amy , look at that number .	What's so great about it ?	What do you mean ? It's a scrim .
ddpc-0881	How ’ s it going ?	I ’ m fine . Thank you .	Do you need anything ?	I need you to help me .
ddpc-0882	May I see your ticket and passport , PLS ?	Sure , here they are .	Any luggage ?	Just this suitcase .	Your backpack is very big and today's flight is quite full . I am afraid that you will have to check your backpack too .	No problem . What about this carry-on ?	You can take that with you .	Can I have an aisle seat , PLS .	No problem . I'll give you an aisle seat in the center row . And here is your ticket , passport and boarding pass . Please board the plane at Gate 15 .
ddpc-0883	911 emergency . What is the problem ?	I would like to report a break-in .	When was this break-in ?	I believe it happened last night .	Where was the break-in ?	It happened at my house .
ddpc-0884	Good morning , sir . Sorry to disturb you . May I make up the room now ?	Yes , please . We're on our way out , so we put the ' make up ' sign on . Could you bring us some towels and hangers ?	No problem , sir . Everything will be ready when you come back .
ddpc-0885	Are these the clothes you want to have washed ?	Yes . When can I get them back ?	Well , if they are collected right now , you can get them back tonight .	That's fine . By the way , please have that suit dry cleaned .
ddpc-0886	It seldom rains this summer .	Yeah , some places are very short of water .
ddpc-0887	I heard you've found a new job .	Yes , I'm now working in a company .	So you're quite happy with your new job ?
ddpc-0888	Hello !	Hello , Is that Stefan ?	I'm sorry , but I'm afraid you've dialed the wrong number.There is no Stefan here .	Really ? Are you sure ? I called before and he was there .	Yes . I'm sure . You have the wrong number . I have used this number for more than 20 years .	That can't be true . I remember the number clearly . Is your number 1199886 ?
ddpc-0889	Did you watch the volleyball match last night ?	Yeah .	Who won ?	China .
ddpc-0890	Can you direct me to Holiday inn ?	Cross the street and walk two blocks west.You can't miss it .
ddpc-0891	Today I want to invite you to talk about insurance you ’ re interested in .	Thank you . I wonder whether I can enjoy the life insurance and health insurance .
ddpc-0892	What do you think about the equipment in our company ?	We have to equip our company with a network of work stations at every office and show room as soon as possible .	I also realized this issue . And office automation is essential .	Besides , Internet tends to be more essential now in the information age .	Good idea . A network of work stations is helpful for our management .	And , to be frank , our copying machines are too slow ; our telephone system is limited in function .	You are right . The current equipment of our offices really falls behind . Next week , you can provide me a catalogue of new equipment .
ddpc-0893	Excuse me , could you please show me the way to the human resource department ?	Yeah , but have you made an appointment ahead ?	Yes , of course . I am Monica . I have made an appointment with your HR manager .
ddpc-0894	I need to stop eating such unhealthy foods .	I know what you mean . I've started eating better myself .	What foods do you eat now ?	I tend to stick to fruits , vegetables , and chicken .	Those are the only things you eat ?	That's basically what I eat .	Why aren't you eating anything else ?
ddpc-0895	Like a cat on hot bricks , as you might say . I don ’ t believe you are listening at all .	Sorry , I just worried about him . You know , he should be here an hour ago .
ddpc-0896	Hey , how was the show ?	Not great . It's a kind of boring .	Really ? I heard it was supposed to be great .
ddpc-0897	same as me . have you considered a job that does something different ?	i love art and want to be a famous artist .	i am not a fan of art , but i am considering getting a college degree .	well it is either that or join the circus as an act with webbed toes	that would be better than to work at a fast food place .	really . why do you think that ?	that is just how my family raised me . you disagree , i am sure .	yeah definitely . your family raided you to be pessimistic ?
ddpc-0898	i just came inside from playing frisbee with my dogs , 2 black labs . how about you ?	i have a pet dog too . he is a blast .	dogs are the greatest , mine beg me for the sardines i eat every morning for breakfast .	lol funny how they become like four legged humans	yep . they are waiting at the door for me every night .	lol funny . my girl lives with me	nice ! i live alone and recently had some minor surgery .	are you healing ok from that	yes . have to go back to work next week . factory job , never finished hs .	i am still a student i can not find a good job yet either	it is rough . i am lucky the factory job pays well .	yeah hard now day . do you travel	i do not like to fly , but i travel by car . how about you ?	flying is ok but i like to see the countryside
ddpc-0899	i do . i like bbq very much .	i like to bbq while i play racquetball with my kids	i am sure i will have kids someday .
ddpc-0900	i am doing well . i am relaxing before bed . i work in the morning .	i am a model so i keep crazy hours . what do you do ?	i am an engineer . i got my degree from mit . are you single ?	yes single . do you hobbies ?	i am single as well with no children . i like to travel .	i like to ice skate , roller skate and surf .	i want to visit a rain forest , but spiders and snakes scare me .	i am moving to new york soon . little scared of the crowd .	i grew up in new york . i moved away when my parents died two years ago .	i am sorry . i am a actor also so i have something to fall back on .	i love acting ! i did theater in high school .	i hope to see a lot of shows when i get there .
ddpc-0901	i do like cars . i have a 2015 honda civic .	i enjoy vintage cars , they are the best and really fast .
ddpc-0902	great ! my dad has retired .	my best seasonal holiday is celebrating christmas . oh he will be okay .	you think ? my mothers is an aide that eats meats .	i like having three dogs love animals i used to aide .	i see . one time i made a unicorn cry . i told her we like meat .
ddpc-0903	do you like living that life style ?	i just got into it because my friends did . we hang out and play second life .	is that still a thing ? wow .	yeah , it is not as popular as it used to be .	that really brings back memories .	i wish they would come out with a new version . it looks very dated .	i have not been on that in years .
ddpc-0904	that was sweet of you	yeah . i really love animals	so do you have any hobbies ?	i spend most of my time on clothing designs . that is my hobby	ok , i like to read mystery novels
ddpc-0905	hi there i teach biology college	hello i am a real estate agent in canada where are you ?	hi there i teach biology college	i work part time and care for my two children in kindergarten	that i am sure keeps you busy . do you get to travel ?	i only travel for environmentalist events	i see that is a noble cause i love traveling	i wish i had more time for travel but work has kept me busy last 12 years	i know how that is i like walking you	since i turned 34 , i prefer to walk	lol i do a lot of gardening love fresh fruits and veggies	my 2 kinds are really into growing things	that is awesome . hard work but rewarding	planting trees is rewarding for me	aw yes another good one to grow	i would prefer to be a tree planter than real estate agent	lol still have to deal with idiots tho
ddpc-0906	i am doing well , and you ?	i am doing great ! its my favorite time of the year
ddpc-0907	it depends . personally , my favorite way to relax is to scroll through some clothes catalogs .	yeah ? a bit of a fashionista ?	definitely . i just love fashion , and i love clothes shopping . what about you ?	i am not one for clothes . i sit around in sweats to write .	i see . you are a writer , then ?	yes . short pieces , no novels here . what about yourself ?	i am a freshman in college . i really want to be a doctor though .	stick with it or you will have to run away with the circus like me ! ! lol
ddpc-0908	o that must be hard to make time to be with each other	yes , we do not see each other much until the weekend .	my parents were like that until one cheated
ddpc-0909	hello ! are you listening to music this morning ? i love country	no but i am eating eggplant parmigiana !	hello ! are you listening to music this morning ? i love country	no but i am eating eggplant parmigiana !	you like italian food ? i have to get iced tea anytime i go to a restaurant	i love it the best ! even my dog charlie loves it !	i had a dog named charlie when i was 10 . that was 10 years ago	cool do you have any brothers or sisters ? i have both .	yes they are younger and still live at home	do you live with your parents as well ?	no since i got my first job coding and designing websites i moved out	i am in the stocks myself .	interesting . can you listen to music at work ? like country ?	no i wish , got to keep my head clear for trades .
ddpc-0910	i love a grilled steak . my best friends got married last week . you married ?	oh how nice , no not yet .	i love dear mama by pac .	one of my favorite songs . what kind of book covers do you design ?	chic lit . you work or have any special hobbies ?	i like to play softball and volleyball . i guess that is considered a hobby .	oh okay . you still in school ? book covers and cd covers are interchangeable .	yes i am on my last year in college .	congratulations ! what is your major ? are you a team ?	what kind of shoes do you sell ?
ddpc-0911	i wish they would come out with a new version . it looks very dated .	i have not been on that in years .	you are not missing too much .	is it still the same old costumes and skins ?	pretty much . but some people have gotten really creative with it .
ddpc-0912	have you ever tatooed a famous person ?	i tattooed jesse james once , and a few nba stars	that is so cool . right now i am model	oh yeah ? i do not think i look good enough to be a model	haha you are funny comedian	lol ! i would probably get paid more if so !
ddpc-0913	yeah they deserve each other , i want kids , but not yet , he would not wait	how long have you been together ?
ddpc-0914	i am 5 ft and 6 in tall . i weigh 220 pounds and its all muscle .	that sounds very nice , yes .	what is your favorite drink ? mine has to be water . i love water	i love pepsi , it is the best .	if i want to keep this amazing body , i can not drink any of that .
ddpc-0915	oh cool . i am still in high school . i will be going to auburn next year .	really ? awesome you will love college
ddpc-0916	what did you use to write	mostly about my adventures . i love traveling . what do you do for fun ?	i write my steamy romance novels
ddpc-0917	what is your favorite dish to cook	i adore anything with onions . do you eat healthy ?
ddpc-0918	i have two brothers in austin .	do they like rap music ?
ddpc-0919	i like to read an run	that is fun ! are you jewish ? i am .	no i am not an you ?	yes i am . i have been my whole life .	that is cool i am a doctor .
ddpc-0920	i am ok . practicing my british accent . i fake it to be cool and pick up guys .	how are you doing tonight ?	i am ok . practicing my british accent . i fake it to be cool and pick up guys .	that is good . are you excited for the holidays ?	no . being alone makes me dread holidays . i was married 4 times , 3 times widowed .	what happened to your first wife ?	she was mysteriously murdered . had arsenic in her .
ddpc-0921	good , i am just coding web designs , something i very much enjoy .	hello i am feeling alright how about yourself ?	my family and i are originally from canada . where are you from ?	wow that sounds interesting i just got done closing on my new home .
ddpc-0922	that is a sad life	my parents did not want to keep me , after all .	that is so sad . i am sorry
ddpc-0923	hi how are you today	i am fine what about you ?
ddpc-0924	i hate insecta . if you had bacon i would move underwater right away	no bacon here but we have delicious lobster and crabcakes !
ddpc-0925	wow a skater there are lots of skaters here in cali where i live	i lived there too in high school , i worked at hollister in the mall	i go to school at home now where i co play all the time	you know i hate chips	my best fried hates them too he is a robot
ddpc-0926	relaxing after a long day in the field	what did you do there ?	just war training , what did you do today ?	just went to my classes really	high school or college student ?	college . how old are you ?	i am only twenty , after i leave the army i will go to college	impressive i am a 22 year old woman	hey you just got me by two years lol
ddpc-0927	i would recommend it . it can be very rewarding if you put in the hard work .	maybe i will revisit the idea in the future !	that sounds like a great idea !	once my daughter is a bit older i will .
ddpc-0928	no i work at a groomers tho they are like my pets .	ah , fun ! are you into fitness ?	not really more into civil war things . too many wives in the past
ddpc-0929	i am well , studying for an exam	for college or for what ?	yes college . working on a degree in marine biology	nice i love fish and that stuff	sounds fun , unlike kids my age i do not drink , smoke or party	straight edge is the way to go minor threat says	i guess . what do you do	i just go to the gym all day really	you must be very strong then
ddpc-0930	if we do not walk by water i would walk with you	sure . i also love travelling . been to six countries already !	have you been to ohio ?	yes , but ohio is not a country , you know ?	yes , but , i love ohio state so i was curious . i am not stupid .	haha . i did not say that . ohio is a great state !
ddpc-0931	rush is one of my top favorites	my dad likes rush so i hate them and him	is there anything you do like ?	i guess i am pretty cranky . i am ready to retire
ddpc-0932	i am an animal lover , we have a couple of cats and a dog too	sounds perfect what do you do in your free time if you get any !	i like working on old cars , but do not seem to have much time for it .
ddpc-0933	i could use the money for college , i am trying to become a teacher .	that is pretty boring . i just want to retire to my horse babies .	sometimes i wonder , how does horse flesh taste ?	it tastes like sweet sweet honey buns .
ddpc-0934	i was born in south carolina you ? i am a singer	no i m allergic to the fair of cats traps are usually do it	my name is joanna and i like horror films	i do crafts for ordering the pham	interesting , what do you do for work ?	in a very small town that s where i need	i can understand that .	i mean that s where i live how about you	big city now . helps with my career in singing	so what do you see any music you sing	mostly country . like the way it makes me feel and relates to life	you re awesome i hope i can do that	took a very long time for me to land a deal .
ddpc-0935	no i graduated from there five years ago	right on . did you grow up near there ?	yes , where are you from ?	i live in england now , but i spent my childhood in the usa .	cool . i bet it is wonderful there	i have to study a lot for my courses , but it is definitely worth it .	i am deathly terrified of water so no marine biology for me lol	do you go out to the bars by your old university ? i do not drink often .	sometimes , i am mostly in my garden
ddpc-0936	i prefer to cook vegan food . what do you like to eat ?	i like to eat fried foods	well they are not good for you but they taste great ! do you like french fries ?	i do they so good too	do you have any plans for the weekend ?
ddpc-0937	lol have to have that ability first .	blink three times and it becomes your superpower ! what do you like cooking ?	i am a actor model i do not cook and what i do i burn lol
ddpc-0938	oh really hope they were nice people that is what counts .	they were . california is on fire !
ddpc-0939	sounds cool . i am thirsty . i wish i had some iced tea , my favorite drink .	i love sweet tea but then again i like anything with sugar	same here . i definitely have a sweet tooth .	so what hobbies are you into ?
ddpc-0940	yes i do . i like singing . how about you ?	i love the out doors like hiking and camping .	that is cool . are you single ? have any kids ?	nope , but my dad is retired .
ddpc-0941	up too early , but that is the best time for surfing .	same , i am browsing music while my baby brother takes his nap . what are you up to ?	i am checking my email , to see if anyone has booked me for a photo shoot .	are you a fashion model ?	i am , and an actress . i am moving to nyc in the spring to further my career .	that sounds awesome , i am too short to be one at five foot .	that is hard . my bonus mom is the same height .	i am part of a noise band , we are hoping to play in vegas	nice ! i am in cali , i have a show in vegas this weekend .	what kind of show do you have ?	a fashion show at the police softball tournament , it is for charity , .	that sounds cool . how did you get involved there ?
ddpc-0942	my cat is named lily . small world .	lol it is for sure .	do you like any sports ?
ddpc-0943	hello , what have you been doing ?	well lately i have been getting ready for ski season up on the mountain	how exciting , i just got home from walking my dog	that is awesome ! i have two dogs and some cats , how do you feel about cats	i like them , but i only have a dog , because my sister is allergic to cats .	that kinda sucks , cats can be a handful but i still love them	i have been practicing my dance	hmmmm tell me more , is it dancing to barry manila	no , mostly hip hop , it is my passion	what are the names of a few artists that you dance to ?
ddpc-0944	we did , but not as bad as where the hurricane originally hit	that is good to hear . what is your favorite hobby ?	i hang out online as much as i can	what do you do online ?	i do readings for people . and sell my spirit paintings	that is very interesting . how many people do you get a day ?	depends . sometimes zero . others , ten or twenty . depends on my energy level
ddpc-0945	hi how are you ? what do you do for work ?	i do not work . i am a full time student trying to get a degree in education
ddpc-0946	i prefer pop music . i try to stay up with the trends .	skateboarding is my job at times and i am still pretty good	you skateboard professionally ? wow , how exciting ! lots of travel ?	on weekends and i gave up eating potato chips to try to stay slim
ddpc-0947	mostly country . like the way it makes me feel and relates to life	you re awesome i hope i can do that
ddpc-0948	awe , i do not have a mom . it is just me , my dad , and my brother .	awe i understand , my mom pushes drugs lol	lol . but for real , what does she do ?	she is a doctor lol , like music ?
ddpc-0949	hey there . how is it going ?	not bad . currently writing my third novel . all about romance .	how long have you been writing for ?	over 20 years . living far away on an island helps me gather thoughts .	i did not graduate from high school , so writing novels seems like a great achievement !	well , i keep to myself alot . not very social . wish i was more outgoing .	my two dogs are my best friends . do you have any pets ?	one dog and two cats . great companions . any children ?	i have one son and one daughter . how about you ?	nope , just the pets . i had a hard time finding someone .	did you stop looking ?	sort of . i am very content but sometimes i get lonely .	maybe you could reach out a bit and find a group with a similar hobby ?	i could . are you married ?
ddpc-0950	that is amazing , i spend my time working out and listening to rap . how about you ?	at church reading the torah	that sounds nice . do you have any family ?	yes in fact i do , but t they hide the sweets from me	that must be rough , i have a brother and a father	nice ! do you go to church with them ?	i do go to church , we go out for vegan sushi afterwards !	sounds delicious ! i am fond of eel myself	do you enjoy rap music ? it is my favorite ?	i love the stuff , matisyahu is my favorite rapper	that is excellent , eminem is my favorite .
ddpc-0951	no , just for me because i used to be in the army .	do you live in the usa ?
ddpc-0952	oh do you like it ?	yea i like working with my hands and making something beautiful
ddpc-0953	beautiful and sunny nice day for gardening yours ?	i wish i could say , got another 5 hours on this rotation .	oh that sucks i am scared of water but i like to garden ponder that	that is definately interesting . i love everything outdoors and sports . hitting the weights with my brother later .	sounds like a good past time	i like it , better than being in the hospital all day and night .	what do you do there ?	i am a physican in the emergency department . what do you do ?	i work as a nurses aid .	small world , anything you do outside of work for fun , besides gardening ?	not really , i am a home body mostly , sometimes i go clubbing	i have not been clubbing in years . i love going out and trying new steak houses though .	that sounds yummy any place good
ddpc-0954	that is a busy schedule i am sure . i love speculative fiction fantasy especially .	do you ever play card games ?	i always manage to lose . that is why i stick to movie marathons .	what movies do you like then ?	lord of the rings is the best . you must play cards , huh ?	yeah i am a bit of a poker shark	go you ! i would lose all my money playing you .	i can give you lessons for a pretty low cost	i will keep that in mind . i am busy working on my next fantasy novel right now .	what is it about huh ?
ddpc-0955	good , i am just coding web designs , something i very much enjoy .	hello i am feeling alright how about yourself ?	my family and i are originally from canada . where are you from ?	wow that sounds interesting i just got done closing on my new home .
ddpc-0956	sounds cool . i am thirsty . i wish i had some iced tea , my favorite drink .	i love sweet tea but then again i like anything with sugar	same here . i definitely have a sweet tooth .	so what hobbies are you into ?
ddpc-0957	o that must be hard to make time to be with each other	yes , we do not see each other much until the weekend .	my parents were like that until one cheated
ddpc-0958	no , i m only 12 lol	ha ! well then good . i am 34 .	my dad is single though	lol , not really looking right now .
ddpc-0959	travel when i can . my best friend goes with me . we met in kindergarten .	that is cool , like jazz ? i love it	it is ok . where did you grow up ? i did in north dakota .	i like to read an run	that is fun ! are you jewish ? i am .	no i am not an you ?	yes i am . i have been my whole life .	that is cool i am a doctor .	oh really ? we need to become friends so i can have a doctor friend !	you married ? i am with kids	yes i am . i have one child .
ddpc-0960	i like playing final fantasy .	i played the two on super nes when i was younger . do you exercise ?	i dance a lot ! that is my exercise !	my friend wants me to go swimming at the gym pool , but i am scared of water .	i would help you if i could , but i am too shy .	the only person that can help me is me . do you have other hobbies ?
ddpc-0961	that is pretty sexist . i like to cook i just do not have time .	okay what are you good at cooking ?	my girlfriend is a vegetarian so i learned a lot about vegetables .	i love baking a lot especially cup cakes .	baking is fun too . do you like to read ? i love fantasy books .	yes especially adventurous books and folk tales	those are great ! what about movies ? i could watch lord of the rings all day .
ddpc-0962	hey there . how are you ?	good , do you like animals ?	yeah , i like cats . i have one .	i have 2 dogs , they are great , where do you work ?	i stay at home with the kids .	are you afraid of heights ? i certainly am	no . do you like tv ?	sure i like tv , what do you watch ?
ddpc-0963	what can i say ? i am amazing lol	its almost as cool as lord of the rings . have you seen those movies ?	of course ! i love to dress up like a hobbit	does sparky dress up too ?	definitely . he likes to be e . t . though
ddpc-0964	that is so nice , i love john denver by the way	i absolutely love soccer i wish i still played	i know what you mean , i grew up in a horse ranch that is so large .
ddpc-0965	animals scare me . i was bitten by a dog	ouch , my son was bitten a dog , at least that is what his brother told me .
ddpc-0966	my father and mother passed away last year	i am sorry to hear that friend	i done my engineering graduate from mit
ddpc-0967	yes but in todays day a guy will be with guy and vice versa	yes that is why i like todays days	i just wish others would not make a big deal
ddpc-0968	how are you doing tonight ?	i am good , how about you ? had dinner yet ?
ddpc-0969	where do you live while in school ? i live with my girlfriend and dog , max .	i live in texas . i have two years left . then off i go	fun ! do you have any hobbies ?	swimming . you ? student life does not leave me much free time .	my free time is also very limited i try to travel as much as possible , though .
ddpc-0970	well i sure can understand that . running does relieve stress though .	it does , i like to wear my favorite color blue when i do run .	when you have the time where do you run ?	there is a local trail near my house in the mountains that i like .	sounds like heaven , i sure would love that !	yes , the peach and the quiet , it is heaven .	better than this jujitsu i am trying to learn ugh !	i bet it is hard , like karate .
ddpc-0971	i have some pretty big doggies . they will love you as much as i do .	i am a law student with lots of homework , they can snuggle with me while studying	oh , that is really fancy . i do not have a high school education .
ddpc-0972	maybe you could reach out a bit and find a group with a similar hobby ?	i could . are you married ?	i am not married . are you male or female ?	female . trying to think of a new story to write . any ideas ?
ddpc-0973	yes i do everything . except sunday . that is when i watch football	sunday is when i watch horror films . so that is out for me too .	haha cool cool . i cant wait till christmas . my favorite holiday
ddpc-0974	hello nice to meet you !	you as well . you play poker ?	no , imam not into that . . i like to travel . . visited 6 countries already	nice ! i used to travel , took wine tours of italy , that stopped when i quit drinking .	good choice ! what do you do ? i , a biology teacher at college
ddpc-0975	i am not a very active person .	i certainly am , i am part native american , i live here in oklahoma
ddpc-0976	that is pretty sexist . i like to cook i just do not have time .	okay what are you good at cooking ?	my girlfriend is a vegetarian so i learned a lot about vegetables .	i love baking a lot especially cup cakes .	baking is fun too . do you like to read ? i love fantasy books .	yes especially adventurous books and folk tales	those are great ! what about movies ? i could watch lord of the rings all day .
ddpc-0977	i am in fashion design school . i want to have my own fashion line one day .	oh my wife wanted to do the same thing . cooking is my passion .
ddpc-0978	i used to like tupac . eminem has interesting lyrics	tupac was good . i think he is still alive .
ddpc-0979	fun ! do you have any hobbies ?	swimming . you ? student life does not leave me much free time .	my free time is also very limited i try to travel as much as possible , though .
ddpc-0980	haha i am not sure . my hair is purple !	i work in a conservative environment .	on the weekends , i love to spend sunday watching football .	i do not understand football or baseball .	i watch just for fun and love to snack on cheese pizza when watching .	i am currently catching up on hawaii 5 0 .	is it a good show ! i am getting ready for christmas ! it is my favorite !
ddpc-0981	i am good , just hanging out	one of the foods i like is nasty sushi cool me to hang out .	i like anything blue that is why i have blue hair	love being a vegan blue hair me too that is so cool .	awesome ! ! ! i need to try a vegan lifestyle	i enjoy working out yes try it some day great for the body .	i am into cosplay . i am a pretty scrawny kid	i love hearing the rap hip hop music love dancing you seem pretty .	aww thanks . i like rap too	you are a very nice person you are so welcome .	so are you . great personality	good luck in all you do and god bless you sweetie . kind person .	thanks . i wish you the same
ddpc-0982	nice . it is the belief of my people that animals are sacred	i compete in bodybuilding in my spare time .	sounds like a lot of physical work . i spend time with my 2 dogs for fun	yes it is i moved in with my little sister because she lives near my preferred gym .
ddpc-0983	hey , how is it going out there ? people are nervous over here .	are you at a mall or something	no , but i am stationed in south korea . where you at ?	i am in australia . are you in the military ?	yeah , us army . what do you do down under ?	i like my hobbies . i am kind of boring	boring is not always bad . what are your hobbies ?	i teach my kids at home and like crafts	nice ! i like kids , but i do not think i would be a good dad .	why do you think that	i think i am enjoying the stress here too much . i kind of want to fight .	are you an aggressive individual ?	in a word . good for the army . not so good for family . dad was the same .
ddpc-0984	sure , it would bring back old memories . especially when my dad served in the military	that is awesome . what do you eat for breakfast ? mine is granola every day .	oatmeal fan over here . my parents were immigrants , they raised me on oats everyday .	that is very healthy . i like it . do you eat fish ?	yes i do eat fish . i love it	so do i . i just do not eat it in front of my aquarium .	ha ha . . . at least you are considered it of your fish .	i have to be , because it grosses me out to eat them while i watch some swim . lol
ddpc-0985	yes it is . how old are you ?	i am 26 . i only have one kiddo so far . i can not imagine twins .
ddpc-0986	oh okay glad it was not 1	what are your plans for tomorrow
ddpc-0987	that sounds like fun ! i just almost choked on a piece of candy	i know the heimlich so i could have helped you	i have never met anyone who knew that . do you like candy	yes i do ! smarties are my favorite . you ?	i like all candy ! those are pretty good . sour gummy worms are my favorite	be careful not to choke on them !	true , they could be quite hazardous
ddpc-0988	charlie is the name of my dog , mom and dad is in australia	well do they have horses in australia ?
ddpc-0989	good ! just studying for college classes	awesome , i did a lot of those classes , now i am a nurse	wow ! inspiring ! i am 22 so i am not sure what i want to be yet .	22 ? i started volunteering at the red cross at that age , still do	yes ! i should , but i spend most of my time hanging out with friends	oh fun , i just added another teddy bear to my collection !	aw how cute ! what genre is your favorite music ? mine is rap .	i like the band radiohead a lot , green is my favorite color	that is awesome , do you play sports ? i love them !	yes , i play basketball . you ?	anything ! i just like to keep active	that is really good . its snowing here in idaho	wow ! it just got chilly here today . i love the fall	fall is so pretty in some places . i am mike by the way
ddpc-0990	hello ! how are you doing ?	i am doing fine . i am currently on the road i am a truck driver	i am in the army	oh sounds like fun but very demanding .	i see blue and its really green .	are you colorblind ? have you gone to see the doctor	yes i am . i like to sing what about you ?
ddpc-0991	i really do not have a favorite ; what is your favorite ?	the office , followed by the walking dead .	the office i think if ok ; i am not sure about the latter .	have you been to disney ?	oh yes i have . it was a lot of fun . will you be going anytime soon ?
ddpc-0992	well yes . yes i have both legs .	good ! you ever ride a wheelchair ?	erm , no . but i like weird stickers and i put them on my face .	i see . were your parents in the military ?	no . they were both artists . i want to learn to draw some day too .
ddpc-0993	halloween is the best . only holiday relatives do not fight . .	very true . unless they are fighting over candy .	haha . yeah , that is true . do you read ? i like romance books	i like romance books if they have fantasy elements like outlander .	that is a really good series . i have not read them in a while .	i like the tv show on starz .	i have not seen that . did not know about it actually . i love fantasy books
ddpc-0994	i have two brothers in austin .	do they like rap music ?
ddpc-0995	same as me . have you considered a job that does something different ?	i love art and want to be a famous artist .	i am not a fan of art , but i am considering getting a college degree .	well it is either that or join the circus as an act with webbed toes
ddpc-0996	i am wonderful just relaxing ready to begin a long work week .	i tend to eat fish sardines in the morning for breakfast do you ?	no i like barbecue more than fish .	yes good for you i like playing with the frisbee do you ? barbecue tasty .	i have tried it . i used my free time to lift weights . do you lift ?	no to heavy for me i love animals have two huge dogs .	dogs are awesome . i am a huge man that loves watching horror movies .	you seem to be a fun person to be around . i did not finish high school .	me either i drive a forklift in a warehouse where i work .	oh god do not look at our mistakes i guess nice person you are .	thank you and you are so kind .	thank you so much i had an operation on my underarm	wow what happened to it ?	god bless you stay sweet baby . good night hope to chat again .
ddpc-0997	one whale died because of us . and we as a class spread lies that it was china .	i once had a horse die on me because of taylor swift . blamed in on china
ddpc-0998	that is cool . oh yes traveling is my nature . where else have you been ?	i have been to saudi arabia and kuwait
ddpc-0999	just my grandbabies . i wish i had a husband i could care for .	yeah , i am lucky to have a great husband , he has his own business .	does he like cats ?	he is allergic , but i do .
ddpc-1000	i am going to go to med school there .	wow nice so this is your last year in high school .	yes , it is . are you still a student ?	i finished my bachelor degree .	nice ! how long did it take you ?	it took me 5 years as one year i was part time .	i am hoping i can go full time for all of mine .
ddpc-1001	i spend a great deal of time at school	that is great ! education here is great . my parents taught me to value it .	i love the ocean me an my friends explore together	my parents came here from across the ocean . proud immigrants .	how is your hair ? my hair is long an all the way to my tail .	wow . you have a tail ? my hair is average . baby boomer hair style .	yes i do , i am a mermaid	i see . i have never seen a mermaid before .	you want to see me ?	that would be kind of nifty .
ddpc-1002	hi , you like purple ? i love it . tracy here and i love pizza . you ?	my passion is preserving the environment . i sell houses for money , though .	good for you ! i am a rn . catholic and love one tree hill .	i have two children and i tend to be drawn to agnosticism .	great ! i see many things at the hospital i work . real estate business good ?
ddpc-1003	i am , until i go home . my mom and dad are there with my parents .	do you have any pets ?	i do not . i do not want the responsibility .	yeah tell me about it . i own 3 dogs
ddpc-1004	one whale died because of us . and we as a class spread lies that it was china .	i once had a horse die on me because of taylor swift . blamed in on china
ddpc-1005	hello , how are you tonight ? do you have pets or children ?	hi there . i do not any children but i do have a dog named charlie .	aw . that is so cute . i am designing a snoopy tee tonight .	neat ! where are you from ? i am from australia . my parents still live there .	i am in the united states . i always wanted to go to australia .	you should ! i moved to the states to become a stock broker but i miss it .
ddpc-1006	hello , how are you tonight ? do you like horses ?	hello i am good , and yes i do would rather have them than kids tho	hello , how are you tonight ? do you like horses ?	hello i am good , and yes i do would rather have them than kids tho	i live on a horse farm . the cowboys expect fresh veggies for dinner .	lol wow can they not cook for themselves ?	they work hard , we have over 5000 acres .	oh ok well than good thing that have you .	at times , yes . do you like john denver ?
ddpc-1007	hmmm . i see . i just wish i can my first rn job . good luck .	good luck to you too ! do you like animals ?	no not me ! i do like clothes though .	i am not a fan of cats but i love dogs .
ddpc-1008	i do not think i could stare at numbers all day	yeah , its hard sometimes . i hike when i can with my sons	i like being outdoors and partying a little when we do not have a show to play .	sounds like fun . where do you play ?	we are fairly popular , so all up and down the east coast .	i am in ohio , ever play there ?
ddpc-1009	i like to read an run	that is fun ! are you jewish ? i am .	no i am not an you ?	yes i am . i have been my whole life .	that is cool i am a doctor .
ddpc-1010	i like that too you drink ?	yea here and there but not all the time	i have scotch to chill out at night	nice i like a lil of everything	got any fears there buddy ?	loosing my husband that i love so much	is he dying i am sorry	no just my biggest fear	ooh i see . mine is dogs i am a wss
ddpc-1011	maybe you could reach out a bit and find a group with a similar hobby ?	i could . are you married ?	i am not married . are you male or female ?	female . trying to think of a new story to write . any ideas ?
ddpc-1012	i got me some nice blue jean thigh high boots . any siblings ?	my wife left years ago . yes 2 brothers you ?	oh no sorry to hear that ! we could go out on a date !	yep i am sure you are hot	i bet you are a great catch , i will be a full time nurse soon .	awesome never seen a bad looking nurse student ?	lol see , where are you located at ?
ddpc-1013	that was sweet of you	yeah . i really love animals	so do you have any hobbies ?	i spend most of my time on clothing designs . that is my hobby	ok , i like to read mystery novels
ddpc-1014	hi , how are you tonight ?	doing pretty good . spent most the night at church . you ?	hi , how are you tonight ?	doing pretty good . spent most the night at church . you ?	i was home knitting things for kids in the hospital
ddpc-1015	i used to like tupac . eminem has interesting lyrics	tupac was good . i think he is still alive .
ddpc-1016	awesome i have about thirty more years	well they go by fast , tell me more about yourself	i am short fat and ugly . you
ddpc-1017	ooh what kind ? any specific genre ?	in screenplays i like reading horror . love to see difference versus movie
ddpc-1018	i did not finish high school to follow my dreams . dropped out .	in my opinion you need high school .	i can always fall back on truck driving .
ddpc-1019	yes , someone was killed by a stack of pipes falling a few years ago .	ugh , that scares me . both of my parents died , be careful for you family .	you have to watch out what you are doing as well as the other people .	just like a dance . you have to watch yourself and watch the others .
ddpc-1020	halloween is the best . only holiday relatives do not fight . .	very true . unless they are fighting over candy .	haha . yeah , that is true . do you read ? i like romance books	i like romance books if they have fantasy elements like outlander .	that is a really good series . i have not read them in a while .	i like the tv show on starz .	i have not seen that . did not know about it actually . i love fantasy books
ddpc-1021	that is for sure what do you like to do for fun	i love to hike ! what do you like to do	i like to read outside its so relaxing especially while the kids are at school	oh yes , i love being outside . do you work	no my husband works really long hours so i take care of the kids	that is nice , i am a single mom . it is not bad though	its not i enjoy it
ddpc-1022	i go to competitions , but never been out of state yet .	that sounds fun ! do you play for a living ?	no , still a student . my dad is a dojo . so i compete a lot . you a doc ?	yeah . my mom actually works at the front desk ! do you train with your dad ?	wow . that must be cool working with your mom . my dad is awesome !
ddpc-1023	hi are you working today ? i am going to style some dog hair	hello , no . i am in the gym as today is leg day .	my third husband died at the gym so i do not go there anymore	that is horrid . did he like tim mcgraw ? my kid sister and i do .	no he was into british bands . i try to sound british to attract men sometimes	that is why i am a body builder . i have a blog about rabbits i have rescued .	rabbits are cute but not as easy to style as dogs	mine have long hair , and look cute in bows , especially teddy .	i could give them a nice mohawk or other eccentric style	that would be hilarious on teddy . he is named after the president .
ddpc-1024	do you not qualify for veteran benefits ?	i am not sure . . . it seems like a lot of paperwork .
ddpc-1025	i travel back to my home state of california and read	so you have family in california ?	yes i do . they always tell me jordan , move back home	i am sure they miss you . how long have you lived in florida ?	since i moved here for vet school . where do you live ?	i am from detroit . it is a tough place for a five foot tall woman .
ddpc-1026	i have 2 dogs , they are great , where do you work ?	i stay at home with the kids .	are you afraid of heights ? i certainly am	no . do you like tv ?	sure i like tv , what do you watch ?	really anything , what about you ?	i do not have time to watch tv , i am an attorney so i work alot	i am not a very active person .	i certainly am , i am part native american , i live here in oklahoma	oh . tell me something about yourself .	well i do not like heights very much and i love animals . what about you ?	i am a boring person .	i am not much fun either . so what else is new with you ?
ddpc-1027	same here ! you live in the city too ? or more country ?	i would say country since i have a big garden	that is awesome ! i live in a really big city ! i like walking to work lol	i love the gym , i go daily .	you sound pretty active ! i am an introvert and usually paint in spare time .	i do not lol i grew up on a horse ranch	so you must like country music ? ! taylor swift is my fav
ddpc-1028	you been to the arctic region	no can not say that i have . tho i work out like crazy .	well are they cleaning is all been crazy and i plan to go there explore	that i think will be hard work . do you want kids ?	not married and i m teaching geology before but i switched to hunting	that is quite a change up . i am single and loving it . no babies for me	i go for polar bear for food	can not say i have tried that .	fish i ice them usually	i work in a hospital on nicu unit	under like working in there are you having fun	for the most part . watching football too	i tried to find those yes exploder s to return
ddpc-1029	i would too . sounds like you could make money off of them . correct ?	yes , on my best deal i flipped some apartments for 2 million dollars .
ddpc-1030	oh , i am just a blue haired teenager . how are you today ?	hi , my name is batista . what is yours ?	oh , i am just a blue haired teenager . how are you today ?	ha ha ok blue hair . i chilling playing my guitar .	guitar is cool . i really like music .	yeah , i love blues , what music do you like ?	being homeschooled , i listen to a lot of kinds . it keeps me busy .	homeschooled , huh you must live in the boonies	surprisingly , i am from california . but i hate it .	yeah i got ya , big cities suck big time	yes they do . i would much rather have a ton of land somewhere and be alone .	yeah got that too . i hate being put down for my tats
ddpc-1031	mine is orange i eat alot of orange candy	i like oranges ! i went to ohio state and studied horticulture .	did you enjoy it ? what do you do for fun ?	loved college , not work so much . i like to polka dance for fun .	yeah ? have a outfit to polka in ?	yep , and it pretty sweet . polka is like clogging , very good exercise and fun .	have someone to go polka with ?	my boyfriend butch , he is a big time polka band leader and dance too .	very cool how long have you been dating ? i am looking for love in the office	office romances are trouble , too much time together . go for their friends .
ddpc-1032	i think i have heard of them , i am not sure . do you have pets ?	i have a cat , and they are more rock then metal	i love cats , so many orphaned ones come into my store , i want them all !	lol . tht is how my old lady is . always have to bring home a stray	i am a cashier at petsmart , i play with them when nobody is in store hehe	i would play with them when people were at the store ! lol	my dad is the police chief , so i have a habit of following rules . . . but cats !
ddpc-1033	studied environmentalist as my major .	ahh mine was business hence i own my own firm
ddpc-1034	i am well . how are you ?	i am doing great just got back from the beach	that is great . i live far from the beach .	i am very lucky we live beside the beach . what do you do for a living	i keep busy with my seven children .	wow that much have taken some adjusting i teach kindergarten	do you reach mysteries to your children ? they are my favorite type of novel .	no they are to young for that . i like mystery novels tho	do you teach them about animals , as i grew up on a farm .	yeah i teach them about farm animals and pets	great , how about colors ? my favorite is blue	yeah they learn all about colors and the alphabet .	great , anything else you can tell me about yourself ?
ddpc-1035	cool . i love christmas , what is your favorite holiday	christmas is probably mine too haha	awesome ! ! ! i love all the decorations	what is your favorite color ?	everything green , what is yours	green too ! what a small world haha	we could totally be friends lol	yeah what is your name huh ?	my name is jamie , yours ?
ddpc-1036	pretty good do you work	yes . part time as a free lance writer and part time at a coffee shop . you ?	i am a student but stay active
ddpc-1037	i took in a stray cat . i fed him once and he never left .	that was sweet of you	yeah . i really love animals	so do you have any hobbies ?
ddpc-1038	maybe , only if i can play frisbee with my two large dogs .	are their names bruce and willis	that is amazing . how did you guess ?
ddpc-1039	me too . i really like farms . my family had a really big one .	wow that is amazing , i will be retiring in five years	good for you . i will be driving for years to pay for those 7 kids .	but the kids are worth it ?	absolutely ! but it is nice to have some alone time too .	i agree , i hope you are not working too hard !	what do you do for a living ?
ddpc-1040	i cook vegan stuff , so i fart a lot sadly	ohh a few eggs and you would be weaponized	eggs are not vegan lol . but i am on disability for my bad back	do you have any pets ?
ddpc-1041	oh by the way carving is cool . i am into tattoos . have many of them .	nice . i enjoy tattoos too .
ddpc-1042	what are you doing ? i am sewing a quilt for my aunt .	hi . i am felicia . i am a science teacher and love travel .	awesome . what do you teach ?	spanish and italian . what do you do ?	for now , mostly spending time with my siamese cat and walking daily . i am on leave .
ddpc-1043	yes , i have two brothers and a sister . do you have any ?	just one little brother brother . do you follow a special diet ? vegetarian or vegan ?
ddpc-1044	no , i do like to collect civil war antiques . i put alot of time into that .	you are ? i am a girl that is mixed .	are you single ? i can fake a british accent if it makes me more attractive .	i want to dance with a nice person .	as long as you do not bring any mangoes . i am seriously allergic .	try to that now ? i like to heard it . that will be awesome	not sure what you tried to say there . have you been married ?	oh too bad , i love mangoes , i do not like to talk about my parents .	i was married 4 times , and lost three of them in accidents .
ddpc-1045	ohio state buckeyes fan jane here . who is out there ?	hey carl here ! i am a huge football fan ! go bears !	my factory job allows me weekends off so i get to watch the games . you ?	every week , i also work at a factory doing heavy lifting and delivery	office for me . then home to my garden filled with purple flowers .
ddpc-1046	awe , i do not have a mom . it is just me , my dad , and my brother .	awe i understand , my mom pushes drugs lol	lol . but for real , what does she do ?	she is a doctor lol , like music ?
ddpc-1047	i am not surprised . trucks are very popular among country folks .	funny thing is i am from canada
ddpc-1048	cool . . . my sons are thankfully into literature . . both of them !	i wish my husband was ! my daughter just loves cooking like me .	i wish i could cook ! instead of eggs and bacon , i eat granola every day .	it is fun ! i love granola . what else are you into ?	i am really into decorating my home with vintage items from 1950 . how about yourself ?
ddpc-1049	very cool . do you like books ? i love romance ones . . . movies too	yeah . that is where i got my love of travel from actually .	oh cool ! whats your favorite place to travel ?	i really enjoyed germany . though i hate leaving my dog home when i go abroad .	oh i am so scared of dogs ! what kind do you have ?	a boston terrier named max . my girlfriend adopted him when she moved in .	is your place big ? i have an apartment that i rent
ddpc-1050	maybe you have read one of my stories i am a successful writer .	oh , maybe ! i am a mother of two kids though , not much time .	what sorts of things do you do with your kids ?	we cook homemade meals before the husband comes home . do you have kids ?
ddpc-1051	what do you like to do ?	i do a lot of hiking my my best friend from kindergarten , you ?	i enjoy cooking meals for my family and reading .	that is very nice , what is your favorite meal ?
ddpc-1052	hi i am really into crafting	one of my hobbies is being online all the time	what kinds of things do you do online
ddpc-1053	yes very much i make an awesome eggplant parmigiana my fave	i want to try it like vintage things ?	yes i love vintage things so artsy	i like the 1950 years so cool to me	i love the 50s i was born in 1956	really i was in the 80s	you are a young person
ddpc-1054	maybe , only if i can play frisbee with my two large dogs .	are their names bruce and willis	that is amazing . how did you guess ?
ddpc-1055	i am a life coach teacher who loves to read . you ?	perhaps you can help me . i recently quit high school	i am a life coach teacher who loves to read . you ?	perhaps you can help me . i recently quit high school
ddpc-1056	i like that too you drink ?	yea here and there but not all the time	i have scotch to chill out at night	nice i like a lil of everything	got any fears there buddy ?	loosing my husband that i love so much	is he dying i am sorry	no just my biggest fear	ooh i see . mine is dogs i am a wss
ddpc-1057	are you going to be a lawyer	it s not really easy specially being successful is what i want	i know things do not always work as they should i am supposed to be in the nfl	yes send that gives me two more years to finish it
ddpc-1058	oh lord you work two jobs . wish i had your energy .	yes . it is very hard . i hope i do not burn out .	do you have a supportive family ? my husband is my world .	no . not really . but i am going to just keep going .
ddpc-1059	i also love to travel and take adventures . what are your hobbies ?	i like to hang out with friends	nice . where do you like to go ?	we like to do different things do you have pets
ddpc-1060	ballet mainly . i also work with animals .	that is so cool , you seem like a nice person	so do you ! what are your plans for the week ?	i am studying all week , you ?	just working , most likely the grind .
ddpc-1061	i wish i could say , got another 5 hours on this rotation .	oh that sucks i am scared of water but i like to garden ponder that	that is definately interesting . i love everything outdoors and sports . hitting the weights with my brother later .	sounds like a good past time	i like it , better than being in the hospital all day and night .	what do you do there ?	i am a physican in the emergency department . what do you do ?	i work as a nurses aid .	small world , anything you do outside of work for fun , besides gardening ?	not really , i am a home body mostly , sometimes i go clubbing	i have not been clubbing in years . i love going out and trying new steak houses though .	that sounds yummy any place good
ddpc-1062	i am 24 . i finished college in may . now looking for a job .	i graduated in may too . it is tough . had to take odd jobs to make ends meet .	what do you do now ? do you work ?	i worked through the summer full time , but i intern and do online work too .
ddpc-1063	hello ! what do you do for a living ?	i study but my hobby is modeling cars . you ?	i am a beautician and love it ! my hobby is sports , particularly football .	that sounds interesting . i just became a father . do you have a family ?	i especially enjoy viewing sunday night football on tv .	football is awesome . what is your favorite team	and my family consists of me and three dogs . my favorite team is the dolphins .	i love patriots . i have a dog too , her name is ginger .	my best friend likes the patriots . i am buying her a jersey for christmas , the holiday i love !
ddpc-1064	what about pets ? i am terrified of dogs but bet your kids love them ?	i am an animal lover , we have a couple of cats and a dog too
ddpc-1065	i sew quilts for relatives that are happier than i will ever be . retired banker .	it seems were one in the same , maybe i can use this mysterious connection	you write the novels , i will sew quilts that expound on the themes you write about .
ddpc-1066	hello how are you ?	good . just got done volunteering for the animal shelter . you ?	hello how are you ?	good . just got done volunteering for the animal shelter . you ?	i am currently watching the news i watch it every night	my parents taught and they always use to make me watch . so boring	i think it is good to know what is going on
ddpc-1067	so if you cannot craft better luck for me , what do you craft ?	i enjoy crafting artsy things .	my mother crafted beautiful dream catchers .	that is awesome ! i love dream catchers .
ddpc-1068	no , i am disabled so i spend my days knitting hats . i donate them .	aww , that is so sweet . i am sorry you are disabled though .	thank you but i am okay with it . it gives me time to cook and knit .	right , i imagine you have a lot of time to do hobbies .	i do . it is a relaxing life . what do you do ?	i enjoy web design , i love it . i could never knit .	that sounds like fun ! do you have pets ?	no , no pets yet . i am still just finding my way in the world .	i understand what you mean !	i guess though , my hobby would be listening to country music .	i like a bit . christ stapleton is good .	yeah . i like him ! well , i must go . have fun knitting .	thank you ! have a good night .
ddpc-1069	definitely , i listen to it when playing with my two horses , do you have pets ?	i have 2 kittens , one of which just peed in my bed
ddpc-1070	that is cool so did my husband . . i am a hippy and make my clothes	i grew up with lots of family members in the military .	that is cool so did my husband . . i am a hippy and make my clothes
ddpc-1071	yum ! i am a vet so i just got home . sick cat tonight	aww . listening to rap now , my favorite genre .	i prefer alternative . my name is jordan . what is yours	i am ashley . i live with my dad and brother . my mom passed . you ?	my mom actually passed too . dad also	oh boy . it is tough to deal . do you work out ? i enjoy it a lot .	i do work out . i am also a musician	i love listening to music while i work out . so where are you from ?	originally california , however i live in florida at the moment	nice weather there . we are in maine .	i have always wanted to visit there	getting chilly now tho . it is beautiful tho .
ddpc-1072	i do enjoy walking ! i love to put my headphones on and walk around .	hi ! do you enjoy walking ? i am going out for a walk in my garden	i do enjoy walking ! i love to put my headphones on and walk around .	my college students always have headphones in . drives me nuts !	music is my bread and butter , i like surrounding myself with music . what do you teach ?	biology is my subject . it is fascinating	wow , that is cool , you must be very smart . i work at petsmart right now	i gained a lot of knowledge during my travels through europe	what is your favorite place to visit in europe ?
ddpc-1073	barnaby makes me happy . he likes vanilla ice cream .	who is barnaby , dear . i would like to know .	i like butter pecan ice cream . barnaby is my husband .	my favorite is vanilla . i also like cookie dough .
ddpc-1074	that is awesome , i am taking a break from painting	my friend is a painter here in texas ! we met at a furry convention	wow ! where do they live in texas ?	we both live in austin . i have lived here for my whole 28 years of life . you ?	i live in dallas ! i love the big city life	i have some friends from second life from dallas . i have not met them in person yet	hope you can meet them soon ! so what do you do for work ?
ddpc-1075	alone . i love to meet new people on my travels . what is your favorite exotic fish ?	the nemo looking one . i stare at him when i eat my granola every morning	oh , the clownfish ! i researched that for one of my biology studies at the college .	where do you go to college ?	i went to michigan state but i now teach biology at georgetown . where is your hairdressing school ?
ddpc-1076	i have 2 dogs , they are great , where do you work ?	i stay at home with the kids .	are you afraid of heights ? i certainly am	no . do you like tv ?	sure i like tv , what do you watch ?	really anything , what about you ?	i do not have time to watch tv , i am an attorney so i work alot	i am not a very active person .	i certainly am , i am part native american , i live here in oklahoma	oh . tell me something about yourself .	well i do not like heights very much and i love animals . what about you ?	i am a boring person .	i am not much fun either . so what else is new with you ?
ddpc-1077	i got me some nice blue jean thigh high boots . any siblings ?	my wife left years ago . yes 2 brothers you ?	oh no sorry to hear that ! we could go out on a date !	yep i am sure you are hot	i bet you are a great catch , i will be a full time nurse soon .	awesome never seen a bad looking nurse student ?	lol see , where are you located at ?
ddpc-1078	hello , how are you this evening ?	i am doing great . just watching a movie .	hello , how are you this evening ?	i am doing great . just watching a movie .	that is fun ! where did you work in high school ? i worked at hollister .	i worked at dairy queen . i am in school now .	ah , cool . i skate for a living .	what kind of skating do you do ?	skateboarding . i like to play music for fun . my genre is bluegrass .	i used to skateboard . now i just study and play video games .	those are fun activities . do you like chips ? i cannot stand them .
ddpc-1079	i do not listen to country . i am a rap girl .	do you have an online presence ? do you compete ?
ddpc-1080	oh , yeah ? are you in a band ?	yes , i am actually the lead singer .	wow ! you probably would think i am boring . i am an accountant .	i would not want to wear a suit everyday , haha !	yes , it is hard . but i like to hike in my free time so that helps .	that is good . always good to get some fresh air once in a while .	do you do anything for fun ?	well when my band is not playing a gig , i like to party !	ha , i remember those party days . but now i have two kids to take care of .	kids are fun , i do not have any but i have 3 little sisters
ddpc-1081	wish i could . i keep a large garden as well .	will you help me ?	i am a little busy . i teach a college class in biology .	that makes me so sad .	maybe when i am free . i like walking in my spare time .	if we do not walk by water i would walk with you	sure . i also love travelling . been to six countries already !	have you been to ohio ?	yes , but ohio is not a country , you know ?	yes , but , i love ohio state so i was curious . i am not stupid .	haha . i did not say that . ohio is a great state !	i do not care about the state , only the school .
ddpc-1082	my parents were like that until one cheated	it is very hard . hopefully my husband can find a regular job some day .	yes i think spending time with each other is important
ddpc-1083	i go to school at home i hate it	being homeschooled is safer these days .	i never said i had blue eyes lol
ddpc-1084	are you a doctor , i work as an engineer in the army .	i am a registered nurse . i am so excited for my first job .	that sounds exciting . do you know any languages , i only know english .	same here . only english . my sister speaks russian .	i would like to learn japanese . and visit there someday . anywhere you would like to go ?	anywhere . everywhere . but first , cuba .	are you from cuba ?	no , i am not . i am from ohio .	maybe not as exciting , but at least you see snow .	i hate snow . i hate being cold . i cannot wait to move south .	i am from the south , florida . i miss the beach .
ddpc-1085	awww . what is your name ?	i can not tell you , do not want to blow my cover .	haha you seems very funny .	i will tell you i have three sisters .
ddpc-1086	yes . i go to the zoo all the time to watch the bears .	sounds fun but i prefer to stay at home and watch tv with the hubby	it is nice to have someone to share activities with .	my husband is such a sweetheart . everyone loves him , especially me	how sweet . have you ever seen a green bear ?	no i have not . have you ?	no . it is my favorite color so i am on the hunt for one !	haha good luck ! maybe i can find a movie about a green bear
ddpc-1087	hey there how are you ?	i am doing good . i finally got a moment to myself .	hey there how are you ?	i am doing good . i finally got a moment to myself .	that is always nice , like projects ?	what kind of projects do you mean ?	like the kind that need trash	interesting , do you have a job ?	i do but it is nasty i clean out cages	do you work at a vet ?	no i do not a research facility	oh , that sounds horrible . i work part time at my moms pizza restaurant .	what kind of pizza is the special ?	i bbq chicken pizza , it is so good . i recommend it .	cool , my feet are so ugh i hide them
ddpc-1088	hello how are you doing today ?	not too bad . a little sad , but such is life .	why are you sad today did something happen ?	just need to lose some weight . having 3 kids will do that .	oh i can only imagine i decided long ago that i did not want kids .	smart choice ! do you like to cook ? i would be a great chef lol	no not really . so many good places to eat at in the big apple	i want to go there , but with me on days and hubby nights , it s not feasible .	its amazing my dream is to act but for now i will stick to modeling	sounds great ? do you have any pets ? we have a family cat .	no . i am always traveling for work so hard to keep an animal .	very true . what else do you like to do ?	well i do enjoy singing but not sure that my voice is that good	i m sure it is ! we are our worst critic after all .	yeah maybe ! do you sing ? i bet it would put you in a better mood .	just lullaby s to my littles every night . it does help though .
ddpc-1089	no , my ex got me into it , believe it or not .	at least your ex was good for something
ddpc-1090	siblings can be a lot of fun . do you like music ? i enjoy metallica .	yes i love music and metallica is okay do u like korn ?	i have never heard their music .	i love other types of music like rap pop the 80s and 90s	me too . i even like country music .
ddpc-1091	i am well how are you	hello how are you today	i am well how are you	i am doing great . its dreary so i am watching tv .	its nice here i am on the porch cross stitching	that sounds very relaxing . is it sunny ?	yes quite beautiful today . i love doing my crafts outside	what other crafts do you like	i enjoy quilting	that sounds nice . do you go to craft shows ?
ddpc-1092	i think i did everything . now i just watch it all on tv .	oh really ? what do you like to watch ? i mostly watch horror movies .
ddpc-1093	so am i . but i do not like the physical activity that the job requires .	it is a lot . i have been there for so many years .
ddpc-1094	maybe you could find a house for dad . i do not like him in my home .	maybe . you live in a certain area ?	yes in cozumel . he loves cats but hates my onions .	i went to college at the university of mississippi and live not far from there now .	i see . we just cannot agree on things . so dad needs to move .	i will ask a colleague tomorrow . i am only 34 . no experience in cozumel .	that is close to where the hospital is .	okay . what do you do in your spare time ?	i am a chef at least once a week .	i wish i was a great cook . i spend my extra time promoting green living .
ddpc-1095	hello . what are you up to ?	just bought a house ! figuring out where to put everything	hello . what are you up to ?	just bought a house ! figuring out where to put everything	cool . where did you buy a house at	san francisco ! what are you up to ?	oh . i live in a small pennsylvania town . i am making crafts
ddpc-1096	were your parents musicians when you were growing up ?	no , my dad was a semi driver . yours ?	my dad was a farmer and my mother works as a teacher .	i never even finished school !	sounds like you are going do , though . where were you born ?	in chicago . how about you ?	i came into the world from south carolina .	i traveled there with my dad when he drove his truck .	how did you like it there ?	very nice ! my 3 sisters really liked that vacation .	so glad they enjoyed it . do you have any other hobbies ?
ddpc-1097	ballet mainly . i also work with animals .	that is so cool , you seem like a nice person	so do you ! what are your plans for the week ?	i am studying all week , you ?	just working , most likely the grind .	yeah got to stay on the grind	do you have any fun plans for the weekend ?
ddpc-1098	no , just for me because i used to be in the army .	do you live in the usa ?
ddpc-1099	i agree . it is scary and i am worried , but i agree .	well best of luck to him . i know he must appreciate your support
ddpc-1100	we ate way earlier . always by 630 . how about you ?	italian is my favorite so i am thinking along those lines .	sounds yummy ! do you work tomorrow ?	no . so i think i will read a book . probably about traveling .	i love traveling . i often quilt while my husband drives .	i do not drive much . walking long distances is what i do .	i am too old for much of that anymore . we prefer visiting great american landmarks .	europe is on my travel list . have you been there ?	we keep it to great american landmarks . we love seeing american history .	i have a big dog so i have to walk . do you have pets ?
ddpc-1101	my three dogs love to cheese pizza too	can they even eat that ?
ddpc-1102	oh okay glad it was not 1	what are your plans for tomorrow
ddpc-1103	stay at home with super loving husband and relax in front of the tv	it sounds like you have it pretty good !
ddpc-1104	i just like the smoothness of it . i am from new york .	i love new york . i will be coming there in a few weeks for the marathon .	very cool ! do you like sweets ? i cannot stand them .	i do . i really just run so i can eat what ever i like .
ddpc-1105	hello , my leg is really giving me pain today .	hey how are you today	hello , my leg is really giving me pain today .	i am sorry hope you feel better soon .	thank you . what are you doing ?	getting ready to take my wife and kids to dinner	i am just about to cook dinner ; what will you order ?
ddpc-1106	they dress up like superheroes and the lord of the rings character is there too	do you have any other hobbies ?
ddpc-1107	i see . your mother and father still living ?	yes , actually my mother and father are famous hollywood actors .
ddpc-1108	he will eat anything but we did not eat a lot of potatoes growing up in australia mate .	i hate potatos i guess why i think chips are uber grody . do you dislike anything ?
ddpc-1109	what do you mean ? identical ?	one is tall and has brown hair , one is short and blonde .	aww that is very interesting . do you work ?	yes , i work as a consulting manager . you ?	i finished my degree looking for a job .	what is your degree in ?
ddpc-1110	i bet you have some crazy stories though .	the worst was when i treated a lady dressed like a cat . cats repulse me	i am not a cat lover either . i would rather deal with dogs .	my dad has 5 dogs and i do not enjoy him so dogs bother me too	i went to a friends wedding last week where they used their dog as a ring barer	haha that is silly . at least it was not a disgusting cat	very true . do you have a favorite band you like to listen to while working ?	i cannot listen to music while working since nurses have to listen to patients . you ?
ddpc-1111	awesome , did you ever play softball ? i love it	yes , i played a little company softball	i have practiced taekwondo since i was little	cool , i watch bruce lee films since i was little . we share the same skills	so fun , rip bruce lee	no really i learned everything from those movies .
ddpc-1112	not like this one ! it takes the bacon right from the fridge !	ah ! what s your day job again ? lol !
ddpc-1113	hiking is good for you ! its tough for me though cause i am colorblind .	oh is it your browns , reds and greens ?	yeah everything . i just see black and white . it has benefits though .	wow . that is a unique colorblindness . is not it ? what benefits ?	it is unique . i can see camouflaged movement better than other people can though !	oh i see . that is good then . definitely .	yeah its helped me become a specialist in the army . what law do you study ?	criminal law . i had experienced some situations which influenced the decision .
ddpc-1114	i am jess . how are you doing ?	hi ! my name is jenny , what is your name ?	i am jess . how are you doing ?	i am doing really well , thank you . do you have any hobbies ?	i like singing ! what about you ?	i was never a good singer . i practice tae kwan do with my dad .
ddpc-1115	hello , how are you doing today ?	hello , i am well . how are you ?	hello , how are you doing today ?	hello , i am well . how are you ?	i am doing well . it is a lovely night in texas .	have you always lived there ? it seems like nice place , very patriotic .	for twenty eight years . that is how old i am . where are you from ?	i live in the mid west now . we moved a lot .
ddpc-1116	my best friend since kindergarten and i like to go fishing .	that is so great . do you ever go with your parents ?	with my dad . he loves fishing . my mom not so much .
ddpc-1117	hello , how are you this evening ?	i am doing great . just watching a movie .	hello , how are you this evening ?	i am doing great . just watching a movie .	that is fun ! where did you work in high school ? i worked at hollister .	i worked at dairy queen . i am in school now .	ah , cool . i skate for a living .	what kind of skating do you do ?	skateboarding . i like to play music for fun . my genre is bluegrass .	i used to skateboard . now i just study and play video games .	those are fun activities . do you like chips ? i cannot stand them .	i love chips so much . what food do you like ?	i like pizza . it is very good !	i like pizza too . the sauce is the best part .	have you had the white sauce ? it is so good !	is that like a alfredo sauce ?
ddpc-1118	hello , how are you today ?	i am good , just relaxing with my cross stitch project . how about you ?	hello , how are you today ?	i am good , just relaxing with my cross stitch project . how about you ?	i am hanging out with my sister and dog , ralph . they live with me .	oh , cool . my father lives with me as well . he was in the military and in war .	oh , wow . both of my parents are dead .	sorry to hear that . my mother is recently passed ; her and pa were proud immigrants .	that is awesome ! i live on an island edris island .	cool ! where is edris island ?
ddpc-1119	me either . not since i quit working there and began writing short stories .	what are some of your stories like ?
ddpc-1120	surely is . but i am doing some meaningful things to find long lost explorers	that would be an interesting task
ddpc-1121	i like board games , do you have a hobby ?	yes , i love to sing on my modeling jobs .	i just graduated so no work yet	what is your dream job ? mine is becoming an actress .	i would like to be in real estate	that is a good job . i know someone who is a millionaire because of it !
ddpc-1122	yeah i bet , it will all be worth it though	thanks . so is poker how you unwind ?	yeah that and eating a lot of pizza	sounds super fun . i like poker too .	yeah its a really fun game wish i was better lol	i learned watching youtube videos	yeah youtube is really the best
ddpc-1123	sounds interesting , although i would not have the patience .	i hate cats they make me sneeze	i like cats and dogs but have no pets or kids .	what are your plans for this evening ?
ddpc-1124	ooh what kind ? any specific genre ?	in screenplays i like reading horror . love to see difference versus movie
ddpc-1125	i have 9 my hubby is a business owner	what kind of business does he own ?	he owns a car lot	do you get a new car every year then ?
ddpc-1126	yes , someone was killed by a stack of pipes falling a few years ago .	ugh , that scares me . both of my parents died , be careful for you family .	you have to watch out what you are doing as well as the other people .	just like a dance . you have to watch yourself and watch the others .
ddpc-1127	yes . that any my sardine breakfast i have every day .	no sardines for me . i eat vegan . but salad works .	i like salads as well .	and beans . but my favorite is sushi . vegan sushi .	i dropped out of high school but i knew enuf to eat my beans !	cool ! i am going to go running now and listen to rap .
ddpc-1128	hi i am eating my favorite beef jerky . how are you ?	hello doing good just listening to music	they say we should not eat meat but its ok , i am a doctor	i wish there was a pill to make me taller . i am only five feet .	eat a lot of meat like i do . it will make you taller	in my family i am the only short one of four people .	they have pills for everything now but not to make you taller	i know my brother teases me all the time about it .	i only have 1 brother so i am the tallest and smartest	my brother is one year older than me we are in high school .
ddpc-1129	rush is one of my top favorites	my dad likes rush so i hate them and him	is there anything you do like ?	i guess i am pretty cranky . i am ready to retire
ddpc-1130	i am ok . practicing my british accent . i fake it to be cool and pick up guys .	how are you doing tonight ?	i am ok . practicing my british accent . i fake it to be cool and pick up guys .	that is good . are you excited for the holidays ?	no . being alone makes me dread holidays . i was married 4 times , 3 times widowed .	what happened to your first wife ?	she was mysteriously murdered . had arsenic in her .
ddpc-1131	i work in litigation for criminal law suits . i love rock . what about you ?	i like it all . i love country . i can like to sing .
ddpc-1132	hey hows your day going sir	hehe , i am actually a miss . it is going well , what about yourself ?	oops sorry miss haha . i am doing good . feeding my 3 dogs	what are their names ? i do not have any pets , my two boys are enough !	haha kids . . am i right ?	oh you are . luckily my job is mostly paperwork . . . what do you do for a living ?	oh that sounds nice . i work at a salon . . hairstylist .	maybe you could do my hair sometime !	haha sure . except on sundays . that is when i watch football	that is okay , i spend my weekends hiking , usually .	oh that sounds fun . i am about to order pizza . want some ?	i would love some ! but make it two . . . for each boy !	haha i order 3 large cheese pizzas for me and my doggies	i may only be an accountant but . . . pretty sure dogs should not eat pizza	well . . . i guess you will not be having any pizza	since when am i a dog ? that is quite rude !
ddpc-1133	i am pretty good , loving this autumn weather , you ?	hi how are you today	i am pretty good , loving this autumn weather , you ?	what is your favorite color ?	purple . i have a turtle , do you like any animals ?	i do not but purple is mine too !	that is pretty cool , any favorite sports ?	nothing really are you religious ?	no , not at all . spiritual maybe , but not much else . what about you ?	i am a very strict catholic	what is your favorite thing to do ?
ddpc-1134	that sounds like fun ! i just almost choked on a piece of candy	i know the heimlich so i could have helped you	i have never met anyone who knew that . do you like candy	yes i do ! smarties are my favorite . you ?	i like all candy ! those are pretty good . sour gummy worms are my favorite	be careful not to choke on them !	true , they could be quite hazardous
ddpc-1135	i am a bit busy but i love to meet people .	great ! what is your favorite animal ? i love riding horses on my dads farm	i love turtles ! i just bought one .	awe , i love turtles too . any hobbies ?	i love to play ultimate frisbee	cool . my favorite hobby is watching horror films	have you ever been to bora bora ?	no , can not say that i have . you ?	yes ! my parents live over there !	wow ! and here i am . my mom is just a teacher in south carolina . xd	i need to think of a name for my turtles girlfriend .	lol , do you have two turtles ?
ddpc-1136	true . maybe i will build a website for country music fans . kind of like spotify	computer novice here , but i garden ? i use my garden vegetables in my cooking .	i have always wanted to do that . it seems to becoming a trend	you sound very smart . i am a simple country girl who likes gardening and horses .
ddpc-1137	hey there . how is it going ?	not bad . currently writing my third novel . all about romance .	how long have you been writing for ?	over 20 years . living far away on an island helps me gather thoughts .	i did not graduate from high school , so writing novels seems like a great achievement !	well , i keep to myself alot . not very social . wish i was more outgoing .	my two dogs are my best friends . do you have any pets ?	one dog and two cats . great companions . any children ?	i have one son and one daughter . how about you ?	nope , just the pets . i had a hard time finding someone .	did you stop looking ?	sort of . i am very content but sometimes i get lonely .	maybe you could reach out a bit and find a group with a similar hobby ?	i could . are you married ?
ddpc-1138	i do not have any yet . how about you ?	no . i do not think i want any .
ddpc-1139	hi how are you ? i feel woozy . someone must have spiked my iced tea	sorry to hear that . i feel great just finished working out .	hi how are you ? i feel woozy . someone must have spiked my iced tea	sorry to hear that . i feel great just finished working out .	i would rather do computer coding than work out . maybe i should change	i exercise daily and ride my horses . do you ride ?	no . i like country music festivals , and strumming country songs on my guitar	i am into horses , not much on computers , i grew up on a ranch .	i plan to spend my early twenties on a ranch .	cool , i like music by john denver , we ranchers like the country stuff .	true . maybe i will build a website for country music fans . kind of like spotify	computer novice here , but i garden ? i use my garden vegetables in my cooking .	i have always wanted to do that . it seems to becoming a trend	you sound very smart . i am a simple country girl who likes gardening and horses .	i like the simple life too . iced tea and country music , and i am in heaven	i like to grow organic and fix meals for my family . do you cook ?
ddpc-1140	no i am lead singer in a band	good for you ! are you copyrighting the music you write ?	yes i am are you a parent ?	yes ! divorce , male , two children , ex named doug .	i home schooled while my dad drove a semi
ddpc-1141	he is a popular musician , haha ! what hobbies do you have ?	i have kids , lol . my hobbies are napping , wine and baths .	i myself enjoy pokey , long runs , and then wine with a bath ; d	i used to run . ever do the run disney races ?
ddpc-1142	more healthy ! in my spare time i paint and love it	that is good . i just work in my spare time .	so do you have a favorite singer ? mine is taylor swift	my favorite singer is michael jackson .	he is was very good . i like him too
ddpc-1143	hey , whats going on with you	just on my daily walk . favorite part of my day . you ?	just got my nails done a few minutes ago
ddpc-1144	hi there , how are you tonight ?	i am tired was a long day at the office . how about you ?	hi there , how are you tonight ?	i am tired was a long day at the office . how about you ?	me too . been studying for class .	what class are you studying for ?	i am going to school to be a lawyer .	oh i bet that is a lot of studying . do you listen to music when you study ?	not usually . my dog max does not care for music .	oh i enjoy listening to oldies music when i am working at my desk all day .	are you in a relationship ?	no i live alone getting ready to retire soon maybe i will meet someone then .	i have a girlfriend . we live together .	nice do you like to go out to eat ? i enjoy finding good barbeque restaurants .	yeah , i do enjoy going out .	what do you do when you go out ? i go to the gym and play racquetball .	i mean going out to eat .
ddpc-1145	i only work part time right now at a restaurant that my mother owns .	do you have a big family ?
ddpc-1146	were your parents musicians when you were growing up ?	no , my dad was a semi driver . yours ?	my dad was a farmer and my mother works as a teacher .	i never even finished school !	sounds like you are going do , though . where were you born ?	in chicago . how about you ?	i came into the world from south carolina .	i traveled there with my dad when he drove his truck .	how did you like it there ?	very nice ! my 3 sisters really liked that vacation .	so glad they enjoyed it . do you have any other hobbies ?
ddpc-1147	i like to run as well , when i am not building model spaceships .	i find myself running to band practice , and running around work all the time .	i create fantasy video games , playing them gives me an outlet for my energy .
ddpc-1148	living in texas we had a lot of help from truck drivers	now they run the farm while i am out on the road driving and reading .	that is the life for some i suppose	i am getting a new truck soon and it will be my favorite color , blue
ddpc-1149	i bet he is so cute i live in apartment building that has low rent .	that is the worst part lol he is gets away with a lot of stuff because he is cute
ddpc-1150	he will eat anything but we did not eat a lot of potatoes growing up in australia mate .	i hate potatos i guess why i think chips are uber grody . do you dislike anything ?
ddpc-1151	i was on the team at my college .	good for you . it is a very good hobby for your body
ddpc-1152	my error young not you is the first word . do you have day dreams ?	oh ok . i day dream all the time , mostly about the things i want to do .	like travel or be a super hero ?
ddpc-1153	hi i am fine and you how are you doing ?	hi how are you today	hi i am fine and you how are you doing ?	i am good what do you eat	i love pasta and i like to run also read too	i never exercise teach me	i wished i could i like vintage cars they are great
ddpc-1154	i have done martial arts my whole life . i am into kung fu mostly .	that is awesome ! i am a champion , so i might try kung fu next .
ddpc-1155	maybe you have read one of my stories i am a successful writer .	oh , maybe ! i am a mother of two kids though , not much time .	what sorts of things do you do with your kids ?	we cook homemade meals before the husband comes home . do you have kids ?
ddpc-1156	yes , i love dogs . pugs are so cute .	have any pets at home ?
ddpc-1157	no i am having a awesome day !	oh , i thought you were taking your anger out on cats and your dad .	sounds slightly personal , in the hospital where i work topics change
ddpc-1158	hi , do you like skating ? i am a pro skater	i do not really know how to skate but i think its very cool	hi , do you like skating ? i am a pro skater	i do not really know how to skate but i think its very cool	good , whenever i am not skating i am listening to bluegrass	i listen to music while i am doing carpentry . i just cant seem to stop moving ever	carpentry is cool , do you do that as work ?	more of a hobby . i am 40 and still do not have a set career	nice please tell me more	i cant stay still long enough to keep a steady job . i am a restless guy
ddpc-1159	i hate all animals to be honest	i see . i like most animals , i grew up on a farm .	dropping out of high school was a bad idea . the landlord just called .	my landlord is my dad . we do not really get along .	lucky , he can give you slack .	he makes me cry as bad as onions do . but i truly enjoy onions .	not running is what makes me cry like a baby	i like to run as well . i did about 3 miles today .	i just did 15 miles .	i wish i had time for 15 , but my job takes too much of my time .
ddpc-1160	same as me . have you considered a job that does something different ?	i love art and want to be a famous artist .	i am not a fan of art , but i am considering getting a college degree .	well it is either that or join the circus as an act with webbed toes	that would be better than to work at a fast food place .	really . why do you think that ?	that is just how my family raised me . you disagree , i am sure .	yeah definitely . your family raided you to be pessimistic ?
ddpc-1161	lol have to have that ability first .	blink three times and it becomes your superpower ! what do you like cooking ?	i am a actor model i do not cook and what i do i burn lol
ddpc-1162	i like staying active . i walk at least a mile everyday .	i have all these yummy healthy recipes . i wrote a cookbook	what do you like to do for fun ?	i like to read . plays mostly
ddpc-1163	good . i do not like steak much . i like chicken .	all meat is good meat lol . got to keep that protein up !	true that . i do tae kwan do , so i eat lean meat . do you play sports ?	just bodybuilding . people prefer healthy and fit doctors ! you ?	cool . do you get to travel with bodybuilding ?	i wish , but my real job keeps me chained . what about you ?	i go to competitions , but never been out of state yet .	that sounds fun ! do you play for a living ?	no , still a student . my dad is a dojo . so i compete a lot . you a doc ?	yeah . my mom actually works at the front desk ! do you train with your dad ?	wow . that must be cool working with your mom . my dad is awesome !	family is very important . the only thing more important than staying fit !
ddpc-1164	that is awesome , i am taking a break from painting	my friend is a painter here in texas ! we met at a furry convention	wow ! where do they live in texas ?	we both live in austin . i have lived here for my whole 28 years of life . you ?	i live in dallas ! i love the big city life	i have some friends from second life from dallas . i have not met them in person yet	hope you can meet them soon ! so what do you do for work ?
ddpc-1165	oh that is too bad you should find some yummy healthy recipes	yes i should , but my three kids like junk food lol	haha of course they do maybe sneak in healthy things in their dinner	it is hard to eat together , since i work days and my husband works overnights	oh wow that sounds like a busy schedule	do you have any pets ? we have cats , which we love
ddpc-1166	i like cats . they are chill and not so rambunctious .	what other hobbies do you have ? instead of games .
ddpc-1167	that sounds tricky , but i could fly to some rap concerts !	you may want a helicopter for those . more landing choices !
ddpc-1168	my mom is my secretary at my doctors office , we are super close .	that is so sweet ! i knit things for my children all the time	i wish i knew how to knit .	it is pretty simple , i took a class and now i am a pro !	i am making a ribeye right now . being a bodybuilder i eat alot of red meat .	you have to get that protein	yes i do . i tire out too easily if i do not .
ddpc-1169	hi how are you ? what do you do for work ?	i do not work . i am a full time student trying to get a degree in education
ddpc-1170	i do . i like bbq very much .	i like to bbq while i play racquetball with my kids	i am sure i will have kids someday .
ddpc-1171	very well , thank you . are you religious ? my religion is jewish .	i am not particularly religious . why do you ask ?	just curious . do you like tv ? my favorite is the office .	i do not watch much tv , but i do enjoy archer .	how about music ? my favorite is jazz .	i enjoy blues more because i am from chicago . what do you like about jazz ?	i just like the smoothness of it . i am from new york .	i love new york . i will be coming there in a few weeks for the marathon .	very cool ! do you like sweets ? i cannot stand them .	i do . i really just run so i can eat what ever i like .
ddpc-1172	oh can you swim or are you afraid of it ?	i can barely swim because of the fear . do you like swimming ?	i do like it , but i am dieting now so i am not strong enough	should dieting make a person weak ? maybe you should see a doctor .	my diet is extreme , i want to be healthy though eventually	i hope you are careful . i love eating healthy foods from my garden .
ddpc-1173	oh i love animals i bet she is beautiful . i have to hear some music .	hmmm . titanic is something to see for the eleven times .	yes i have that movie and watched it more then 11 times .
ddpc-1174	lol . i grew up on a farm , it does not bother me .	do you have any hobbies ? i love to hike .	i hike , but mainly i like to go camping with my brothers .	do you like to read ? i read a whole ton of poetry .
ddpc-1175	that ok , i really under that	thank you . from your five sisters , where are you in age ?	i am number two next to brothers also	did you enjoy being in a big family ?	yes , it a lots of fun , what music do you like .	rock and roll , of course , and a little bit of folk . how about you ?	i like mix a little of each
ddpc-1176	oh by the way carving is cool . i am into tattoos . have many of them .	nice . i enjoy tattoos too .
ddpc-1177	hey there ! tell me about yourself ?	well i am a nurse for the elderly , what do you do ?	that is great of you ! i am in school studying to be a teacher .	what a noble profession . good for you . my son wants to teach
ddpc-1178	i will continue to ride horses and maybe travel a little	sounds wonderful ! i hope to write more stories when i retire someday .	i will have to look up some of short stories and ride them someday
ddpc-1179	hi john . jessie here . i am from canada . where are you from ?	i divorced doug , gave up my kids and killed the cat . hi , name is john .	hi john . jessie here . i am from canada . where are you from ?	get out ! i make and sell jewelry online . i am from new york . you married ?	just recently to my high school sweetheart . we are both 19 .	hi jessie . you sing ? you married young huh ? any pets ?	oh , i love to sing in the shower country mostly . what music do you like ?	jazz . whats your spouse name jessie ? i am 40 .	oh , my husband alex likes jazz .	i see . i hate to sit still so i dance . you dance jessie ?	no , not really . i only dance if i drink . mostly , i stick to iced tea , though .	wow ! hmmm . can alex build anything with his hands ? i can .
ddpc-1180	well i have some heath issues , maybe i will try it	i do get it i do
ddpc-1181	we did , but not as bad as where the hurricane originally hit	that is good to hear . what is your favorite hobby ?	i hang out online as much as i can	what do you do online ?	i do readings for people . and sell my spirit paintings	that is very interesting . how many people do you get a day ?	depends . sometimes zero . others , ten or twenty . depends on my energy level
ddpc-1182	that is awesome ! i would be afraid of all the insects while playing	i am too salty from eating sardines for breakfast every day .	well that sounds gross . i prefer bacon
ddpc-1183	i am , until i go home . my mom and dad are there with my parents .	do you have any pets ?	i do not . i do not want the responsibility .	yeah tell me about it . i own 3 dogs	i am thinking about college .	which one were you planning on attending ?	i am not sure yet . depends on how tonight goes .	ok well let me know	i sure will . do you have any plans for tonight ?	i do not i am bored	that is too bad . do you watch tv ?	yes i love watching football on sundays	i do not understand football , or baseball .	i agree with you there
ddpc-1184	that is interesting . i think i prefer dogs over cats too .	yes cats suck . gosh , did i mention i am transexual ?	no , you did not mention that but good to know . might be a good ending .
ddpc-1185	wow a skater there are lots of skaters here in cali where i live	i lived there too in high school , i worked at hollister in the mall	i go to school at home now where i co play all the time	you know i hate chips	my best fried hates them too he is a robot
ddpc-1186	well , fishing as well ! except i am not allowed to eat shellfish	why can you not eat shellfish ?
ddpc-1187	pretty much all of it , i like wasabi on everything .	i could go for some now lol	seriously , too bad it is expensive .	depends on where you go there is a buffet out here 8 before 330	that is great , i know one that is 17 , but i think it is worth it
ddpc-1188	hello , how are you today ?	a little upset , listening to some pop punk to cheer me up .	hello , how are you today ?	a little upset , listening to some pop punk to cheer me up .	oh no . what s wrong ? i m more of a county guy but each to his own .	i clean up after dogs for a living , it can be hard .	dog walker or pet shop ? i m not working at the moment .	i work at an adoption center , are you looking for work ?	i m off on disability . not having to work sounds fun until you do it	understandable , do you have any pets ? mine are the lights of my life .	too hard to look after with mobility issues . i like children better .	i see , how long have you been disabled ?	i ve always had hip issues . only this bad for a year .	hmm , i am usually pretty negative , but i hope things get better for you .
ddpc-1189	i bet you have some crazy stories though .	the worst was when i treated a lady dressed like a cat . cats repulse me	i am not a cat lover either . i would rather deal with dogs .	my dad has 5 dogs and i do not enjoy him so dogs bother me too	i went to a friends wedding last week where they used their dog as a ring barer	haha that is silly . at least it was not a disgusting cat	very true . do you have a favorite band you like to listen to while working ?	i cannot listen to music while working since nurses have to listen to patients . you ?
ddpc-1190	i just came inside from playing frisbee with my dogs , 2 black labs . how about you ?	i have a pet dog too . he is a blast .	dogs are the greatest , mine beg me for the sardines i eat every morning for breakfast .	lol funny how they become like four legged humans	yep . they are waiting at the door for me every night .	lol funny . my girl lives with me	nice ! i live alone and recently had some minor surgery .	are you healing ok from that	yes . have to go back to work next week . factory job , never finished hs .	i am still a student i can not find a good job yet either	it is rough . i am lucky the factory job pays well .	yeah hard now day . do you travel	i do not like to fly , but i travel by car . how about you ?	flying is ok but i like to see the countryside
ddpc-1191	i have been doing community service for stealing .	oh no ! well at least that will take it off of your record
ddpc-1192	good afternoon , how are you ?	hi , i enjoy watching sports on sunday .	good afternoon , how are you ?
ddpc-1193	it is pretty hot but good for working in my garden .	hey , how is the weather out there ?	it is pretty hot but good for working in my garden .	do you garden a lot ?	yes , it is plenty of food for my family with plenty to give away .	aw , that is so nice . i should garden for my sister	your vegetables will taste better . what kind of work do you do ?
ddpc-1194	good . i do not like steak much . i like chicken .	all meat is good meat lol . got to keep that protein up !	true that . i do tae kwan do , so i eat lean meat . do you play sports ?	just bodybuilding . people prefer healthy and fit doctors ! you ?	cool . do you get to travel with bodybuilding ?	i wish , but my real job keeps me chained . what about you ?	i go to competitions , but never been out of state yet .	that sounds fun ! do you play for a living ?	no , still a student . my dad is a dojo . so i compete a lot . you a doc ?	yeah . my mom actually works at the front desk ! do you train with your dad ?	wow . that must be cool working with your mom . my dad is awesome !	family is very important . the only thing more important than staying fit !
ddpc-1195	how exciting , i just got home from walking my dog	that is awesome ! i have two dogs and some cats , how do you feel about cats
ddpc-1196	awww . what is your name ?	i can not tell you , do not want to blow my cover .	haha you seems very funny .	i will tell you i have three sisters .
ddpc-1197	probably your buddy hates cali too !	how can they not ? ! there is more to hate than there is to love .
ddpc-1198	thanks . i worry about the environment sometimes too	well no since in worrying unless you fix it	i think about that too . bums me out	i can only imagine work keeps me entertained	do you enjoy what you do ?
ddpc-1199	i do surfing but not a lot and fishing in my free time .	cool . i also like to sing although i do not sound very well .	i do sing in a church choir only .	you should sing more often .	yes we do practice a lot and its some bit of fun also .
ddpc-1200	yes but in todays day a guy will be with guy and vice versa	yes that is why i like todays days	i just wish others would not make a big deal
ddpc-1201	really . . . i am sorry he or she is broken .	yes she is a robot . what are you up to	lol , funny . i am listening to my favorite music , jazz . and you ?	i just got done with school , about to touch up my blue roots	cool , blue roots . i have clients that color their pets hair blue .	oh do you work with pets ? ?	yes , part time . however , i work with children or a pediatrician .	oh interesting . i am still in school so i do not have a job	awesome ! i loved school . i enjoyed running and reading .	i go to school at home , but i do love to read as well
ddpc-1202	unfortunately , i cannot . i am too busy homeschooling my child .	i went to school on a reservation part time , and the rest was my mother .	very neat ! do you like to get up early ? i love it . the earlier the better !	yes . my mother used to say the sun only rose because i woke it up .	that is too cute ! mothers always know the best things to say .	i assume that includes you . haha .	oh yes . well , i like to think so !
ddpc-1203	switch places with me ! it is too hot and sunny here	hehe i love snowing more .
ddpc-1204	i am published author and scared of dogs . you ?	i have two part time jobs , so no time for dogs .	i drink watered scotch . you ?	i love to read fantasy and watch it too .	what two positions do you work ?	one is writing fantasy books , but i am just starting .	and the other position is what ?	movie critic for lord of the rings movies .	great ! i have a book out entitled 100 do not do it stories .	i would read it if it were a fantasy book .
ddpc-1205	hey , i am great . other than recovering from surgery . how are you ?	hi ! how are you ? what are you doing right now ?	hey , i am great . other than recovering from surgery . how are you ?	oh no ! what happened ? i am taking a break from driving .	i tore up my knee playing frisbee with my 2 dogs . where are you driving to ?	i am driving a load to chicago . sorry about your knee . how is your recovery ?	its going well so far . an excuse to lay around . you drive truck ?
ddpc-1206	that sounds like hard work !	not really , the two hours hot yoga daily is a hard work .	hot yoga is great . good thing to do after a weekend of brownies and cupcakes !
ddpc-1207	that sounds like hard work !	not really , the two hours hot yoga daily is a hard work .	hot yoga is great . good thing to do after a weekend of brownies and cupcakes !
ddpc-1208	maybe when i am free . i like walking in my spare time .	if we do not walk by water i would walk with you	sure . i also love travelling . been to six countries already !	have you been to ohio ?	yes , but ohio is not a country , you know ?
ddpc-1209	hello , how are you tonight ? do you have pets or children ?	hi there . i do not any children but i do have a dog named charlie .	aw . that is so cute . i am designing a snoopy tee tonight .	neat ! where are you from ? i am from australia . my parents still live there .	i am in the united states . i always wanted to go to australia .	you should ! i moved to the states to become a stock broker but i miss it .
ddpc-1210	that is funny . my wife says the same thing .	great minds think alike is what i always say .
ddpc-1211	i am a nurse , caring for people is what i love to do	hey there . i am a student who needs money	i am a nurse , caring for people is what i love to do	oh that is sounds exciting . i am studying to be a marine biologist
ddpc-1212	i like to run as well , when i am not building model spaceships .	i find myself running to band practice , and running around work all the time .	i create fantasy video games , playing them gives me an outlet for my energy .
ddpc-1213	what do you do for a job ?	i am a consultant for the dairy industry . being from wisconsin , it is perfect .
ddpc-1214	hi . well , i hope i can do more camping and hiking . you ?	i am a single lady in a new york apartment .	i am a single guy in florida .	i am more into books , movies and cooking . i would love to be a chef .	my father , who is retired and i grill steaks and burgers on the weekends .	yum ! i love any food off of the grill !
ddpc-1215	i see . your mother and father still living ?	yes , actually my mother and father are famous hollywood actors .
ddpc-1216	nice are you retired yet ?	not quite , i work for a real estate company that deals in rentals . you work ?	yeah remember the horses ? i want to retire though	oh so you compete with the horses ? why do you want to retire ?	i am just tired and want to retire soon
ddpc-1217	i m doing good i just had a free time suing	hi ! how are you doing ?	i m doing good i just had a free time suing	good for you . i am kicking back working on a romance novel i am writing .	wow you got plenty of time me always battery by cnn news	i live on a distant island and there is not much to do there .	i always try to walk each day a mile	way to go ! as i work as a writer , my days are quiet .	do you usually do it at home i do quilts for my close family	as an introvert , i write from home with my two cats around me .	how do you like doing that	it is pretty calming and keeps me out of trouble !	what other stuff do you do aside from writing	not too much , although i love to watch movies . do you like movies ?	no not really and i am always suing	you must really like it a lot .	yes i do actually i do it on my facetime
ddpc-1218	hey ! how are you tonight ?	i am good and you ?	tired . just got back from my job at the research facility .	wow that is nice ! do you like old generation music ?	i do . i listen to it when i do my other gig as an artist .	when are you planning to retired ? i try to retired in the next 5 years
ddpc-1219	nah , probably just relax with a scotch . animal shelter ? ever been bit by a dog ?	yes ! i actually have come across a lot worse . they are having a party at the church .
ddpc-1220	no . i am too busy at the gym . i go several days each week .	i go climbing but am scared of heights	that is weird . what is your favorite drink ? water is the only thing i will drink .	i like ice tea . do you like sports ?	i do like sports . my favorite is football .
ddpc-1221	i would too . sounds like you could make money off of them . correct ?	yes , on my best deal i flipped some apartments for 2 million dollars .
ddpc-1222	i am very lucky we live beside the beach . what do you do for a living	i keep busy with my seven children .	wow that much have taken some adjusting i teach kindergarten	do you reach mysteries to your children ? they are my favorite type of novel .
ddpc-1223	very well , thank you . are you religious ? my religion is jewish .	i am not particularly religious . why do you ask ?	just curious . do you like tv ? my favorite is the office .	i do not watch much tv , but i do enjoy archer .	how about music ? my favorite is jazz .	i enjoy blues more because i am from chicago . what do you like about jazz ?	i just like the smoothness of it . i am from new york .	i love new york . i will be coming there in a few weeks for the marathon .	very cool ! do you like sweets ? i cannot stand them .	i do . i really just run so i can eat what ever i like .
ddpc-1224	what did you use to write	mostly about my adventures . i love traveling . what do you do for fun ?	i write my steamy romance novels
ddpc-1225	no , i do not . i mentor at risk youth though .	that is an important job . my job is a kindergarten teacher , so i can relate .	it sure is . i would not trade it for the world .
ddpc-1226	so am i . but i do not like the physical activity that the job requires .	it is a lot . i have been there for so many years .
ddpc-1227	hello , how are you doing today ?	i am doing great . just having a few slices of bacon for breakfast . you ?	i am working on a paper for class . pulled an all nighter .
ddpc-1228	my parents did not care for music , our house was very quiet .	i cant imagine a world that does not have music in it	now , i cannot . it was weird .	i believe it . do you like doing stuff on the computer ?	at times , when i am watching tv
ddpc-1229	sure . are you male or female ?	hi want to get to know each other	sure . are you male or female ?	i am a girl , are you ?	nope . a man . like a 40 yr old man so . . . . . . .	ha . well age does not bother me we can still be friends	unless you are under 18 , lol .	i got my first tattoo when i turned 18	what is your tattoo of ?	a butterfly , is that too cliche	is it on your lower back ? my daughter wants one , ugh !
ddpc-1230	up too early , but that is the best time for surfing .	same , i am browsing music while my baby brother takes his nap . what are you up to ?	i am checking my email , to see if anyone has booked me for a photo shoot .	are you a fashion model ?	i am , and an actress . i am moving to nyc in the spring to further my career .	that sounds awesome , i am too short to be one at five foot .	that is hard . my bonus mom is the same height .	i am part of a noise band , we are hoping to play in vegas	nice ! i am in cali , i have a show in vegas this weekend .	what kind of show do you have ?	a fashion show at the police softball tournament , it is for charity , .	that sounds cool . how did you get involved there ?
ddpc-1231	i am doing well . i am taking a break at work i am a factory worker .	hello there ! how are you ?	i am doing well . i am taking a break at work i am a factory worker .	i am playing a video game at the moment . how long is your break ?	about 30 minutes . i like football video games . my favorite team is the buckeyes .	i like playing final fantasy .	i played the two on super nes when i was younger . do you exercise ?	i dance a lot ! that is my exercise !	my friend wants me to go swimming at the gym pool , but i am scared of water .	i would help you if i could , but i am too shy .
ddpc-1232	i am great and you ?	good morning ! how are you doing ?	i am great and you ?	good sore from lifting weights on sunday . but i will be good by next weekend .	that sucks . do you like sports ?	yes , i used to do some when i was younger , but now i just lift weights . you ?	yeah i played alot of sports in high school .	that is awesome ! i used to play basketball because i am quite tall . you ?	i think i did everything . now i just watch it all on tv .	oh really ? what do you like to watch ? i mostly watch horror movies .	i only watch sports to be honest .
ddpc-1233	so if you cannot craft better luck for me , what do you craft ?	i enjoy crafting artsy things .	my mother crafted beautiful dream catchers .	that is awesome ! i love dream catchers .
ddpc-1234	hi , i am good , i just moved into a new house i bought ! you ?	hello how are you today ?	hi , i am good , i just moved into a new house i bought ! you ?	that is great . my family lives on my road .	cool dude . any plans for tonight ? i am dancing at the club , i love it .	i would go to the club but tomorrow is sunday and i always go to church .
ddpc-1235	yes i do . i like singing . how about you ?	i love the out doors like hiking and camping .	that is cool . are you single ? have any kids ?	nope , but my dad is retired .
ddpc-1236	true . maybe i will build a website for country music fans . kind of like spotify	computer novice here , but i garden ? i use my garden vegetables in my cooking .	i have always wanted to do that . it seems to becoming a trend	you sound very smart . i am a simple country girl who likes gardening and horses .
ddpc-1237	got any favorite bands ? i like nirvana	cool ! not much a music listener here . i just run listening to my footfalls	who is that ? my dad the cops	not a band , i just listen to what is around me when i run .	i feel that me too	so you like to run , listen to nirvana , work in a pet store , interesting mix
ddpc-1238	i do enjoy walking ! i love to put my headphones on and walk around .	hi ! do you enjoy walking ? i am going out for a walk in my garden	i do enjoy walking ! i love to put my headphones on and walk around .	my college students always have headphones in . drives me nuts !	music is my bread and butter , i like surrounding myself with music . what do you teach ?	biology is my subject . it is fascinating	wow , that is cool , you must be very smart . i work at petsmart right now	i gained a lot of knowledge during my travels through europe	what is your favorite place to visit in europe ?
ddpc-1239	studied environmentalist as my major .	ahh mine was business hence i own my own firm
ddpc-1240	i am employed at pet smart working with pets and selling products .	that is nice i like to hike	i love working as a musician too i live in new jersey .	nice do you ever go hiking ?	cool hiking is fun . no i do not hike . i am a runner i love to run .	do you have any children then ?	yes my most liked music band is nirvana , what is yours ?	anything when i drive my civic around	i know that is alright i love to cook i am a great cook .	make me some food then
ddpc-1241	hi , i am good . how is life ?	life is good . i restore cars to pristine shape and i rent out properties .	cool . . . i just had dinner with my parents and my sister	sounds good ! i just had a great restaurant meal yesterday . they gave me shellfish .	oh i hate sea food	i almost lost it . i am allergic . i started getting puffy from the fumes .	how awful , that is why i dine in mostly	they got an earful after my medicine kicked in .	i bet they did , that is crazy	i work with my hands but i could not fix that meal .	lol . . i have an 88 cutlass that needs to be restored	nice ! i love old cars . what type of work do you need ?
ddpc-1242	are you in a relationship ?	no i live alone getting ready to retire soon maybe i will meet someone then .	i have a girlfriend . we live together .
ddpc-1243	that is cool , is he hiring ? i like animals	maybe i could ask . maybe a larger restaurant would be more suitable	i will do anything to leave mcdonalds !	what do you do there ?	i am a cashier and do not get paid enough to leave the house	what about online classes to help you get a better job ?	yeah i was thinking of going to school , maybe for veterinarian sciences	that is very interesting . i know there are lots of financial assistance programs .	yeah , i just need the job now . parents want me out of the house
ddpc-1244	i think we all can . maybe watching that will make me feel better about myself !	lol . these people though . i would be happy with a thousand dollars ! !
ddpc-1245	i spend a great deal of time at school	that is great ! education here is great . my parents taught me to value it .	i love the ocean me an my friends explore together	my parents came here from across the ocean . proud immigrants .	how is your hair ? my hair is long an all the way to my tail .	wow . you have a tail ? my hair is average . baby boomer hair style .	yes i do , i am a mermaid	i see . i have never seen a mermaid before .	you want to see me ?	that would be kind of nifty .
ddpc-1246	hello ! good evening . how are you ?	hey there ! a little tired , just finished my mile walk , you ?	hello ! good evening . how are you ?	hey there ! a little tired , just finished my mile walk , you ?	nothing much just staying in my bed .	i am about to do the same , curl up with my siamese cat	what time is it in your town ?	almost one am , what bout you ?
ddpc-1247	have you ever tatooed a famous person ?	i tattooed jesse james once , and a few nba stars	that is so cool . right now i am model	oh yeah ? i do not think i look good enough to be a model	haha you are funny comedian	lol ! i would probably get paid more if so !
ddpc-1248	yeah i bet , it will all be worth it though	thanks . so is poker how you unwind ?	yeah that and eating a lot of pizza	sounds super fun . i like poker too .	yeah its a really fun game wish i was better lol	i learned watching youtube videos	yeah youtube is really the best
ddpc-1249	no . ha ha ! he is my turtle	oh that is so funny
ddpc-1250	i told my girlfriend she drew her eyebrows too high . she seemed surprised .	lol that is a good science fiction starter	lol what ? can a kangaroo jump higher than a house ?	well if it is a very small house . do you work	yes , i am a dog trainer .	that must be fun . i am a science fiction writer .	tell me one of your books . i like anything battlestar galactica .	nope still in the writing process	where do your stories take place ? what is the setting ?
ddpc-1251	what kind of work do you do ?	i am a model for a magazine .
ddpc-1252	beautiful and sunny nice day for gardening yours ?	i wish i could say , got another 5 hours on this rotation .	oh that sucks i am scared of water but i like to garden ponder that	that is definately interesting . i love everything outdoors and sports . hitting the weights with my brother later .	sounds like a good past time	i like it , better than being in the hospital all day and night .	what do you do there ?	i am a physican in the emergency department . what do you do ?	i work as a nurses aid .	small world , anything you do outside of work for fun , besides gardening ?	not really , i am a home body mostly , sometimes i go clubbing	i have not been clubbing in years . i love going out and trying new steak houses though .	that sounds yummy any place good
ddpc-1253	oh i am so sorry to hear	its okay . she was old . you take pictures with your kid and post them ?	do you have a favorite movie ? mine is titanic i have seen it ten times
ddpc-1254	i have some pretty big doggies . they will love you as much as i do .	i am a law student with lots of homework , they can snuggle with me while studying	oh , that is really fancy . i do not have a high school education .
ddpc-1255	i want to go everywhere , but do not have that kind of money .	me either . pet smart does not pay well
ddpc-1256	hey there ! tell me about yourself ?	well i am a nurse for the elderly , what do you do ?	that is great of you ! i am in school studying to be a teacher .	what a noble profession . good for you . my son wants to teach
ddpc-1257	i like playing final fantasy .	i played the two on super nes when i was younger . do you exercise ?	i dance a lot ! that is my exercise !	my friend wants me to go swimming at the gym pool , but i am scared of water .	i would help you if i could , but i am too shy .	the only person that can help me is me . do you have other hobbies ?
ddpc-1258	i am pretty good . just got the kids to bed	i still need to do that , i am a single dad	how many kids do you have ? i have 2	3 2 boys and girl	both of mine are girls . how old are you ? i am 34	40 years old , what you do for living , single ?	i work in real estate . i have been there for awhile	nice ! i work on airplanes , love working with my hands	nice . that is really impressive .	how old are your girls ?	they are both five years old . twins
ddpc-1259	i do too i really like reptiles . where are you from	baby , i am from houston , texas . but i am in chicago right now	i grew up in los angeles but moved to miami	yo , i hear its real hot in miami , they got it going on	it is but i go to the beach a lot .	that is real cool . i am so tired , i do not feel like hitting this stage	do you like to read or play video games	i love reading especially on watt pad
ddpc-1260	oh so are you an american indian ?	i am indeed ! cherokee all the way baby	it is nice to be so into your heritage	thank you i might overcompensate since i cannot really get into the spiritual side of it
ddpc-1261	i am doing ok , how about you ?	fine , me and my sister just got back from shopping .	that sounds like fun , did you get anything good ?	yes , i got a ruffled shirt . it is purple , has one shoulder and is really cute .	that is neat , did you get anything else ?	no , but my sister got some flip flops .	if you put those together you could make a great cosplay costume !
ddpc-1262	i do too , so does my dog . his name is tupac .	great name for the pet i am in love with playing sports and being active .	i run , that is about it . my husband loves sports too	good job running is healthy i am a 50 year old woman .	i am only 23 . i have a lot of life ahead of me . got any tips ?	yes sweetie you are young so enjoy every moment of your life .	i will . i can not wait to get back to the gym	cool that will be enjoying i am going to collage and study for education .	that is amazing . i am working on a history degree .
ddpc-1263	i am good , just hanging out	one of the foods i like is nasty sushi cool me to hang out .	i like anything blue that is why i have blue hair	love being a vegan blue hair me too that is so cool .	awesome ! ! ! i need to try a vegan lifestyle	i enjoy working out yes try it some day great for the body .	i am into cosplay . i am a pretty scrawny kid	i love hearing the rap hip hop music love dancing you seem pretty .	aww thanks . i like rap too	you are a very nice person you are so welcome .	so are you . great personality	good luck in all you do and god bless you sweetie . kind person .	thanks . i wish you the same
ddpc-1264	he was a very talented singer .	yes . i like his songs . he was a great guy .	how old are you ? i am 34 .
ddpc-1265	travel when i can . my best friend goes with me . we met in kindergarten .	that is cool , like jazz ? i love it	it is ok . where did you grow up ? i did in north dakota .	i like to read an run	that is fun ! are you jewish ? i am .	no i am not an you ?	yes i am . i have been my whole life .	that is cool i am a doctor .	oh really ? we need to become friends so i can have a doctor friend !	you married ? i am with kids	yes i am . i have one child .
ddpc-1266	well that sounds nice . i am well .	i like in michigan but used to live in north dakota	i visited michigan this past summer .	cool are you religious i am jewish	i am religious , but i am christian .	my bf is from back when i was in kindergarten
ddpc-1267	oh do you like it ?	yea i like working with my hands and making something beautiful
ddpc-1268	i told my girlfriend she drew her eyebrows too high . she seemed surprised .	lol that is a good science fiction starter	lol what ? can a kangaroo jump higher than a house ?	well if it is a very small house . do you work	yes , i am a dog trainer .	that must be fun . i am a science fiction writer .	tell me one of your books . i like anything battlestar galactica .	nope still in the writing process	where do your stories take place ? what is the setting ?
ddpc-1269	hi do you have any hobbies ? i am a guitarist .	no , i can barely pay my monthly bills .	because i share an apartment with my brothers it is not that expensive .	i teach kindergarten , but i hate children .	that sounds miserable . my other hobby is getting tattoos .	where do you get the tattoos ?	i just like them . where do you live ?	i live in seattle with two derelicts . they drink all the time .	my brothers and i live in chicago , the folks are from arkansas	do you have a southern accent ?	i did have the arkansas accent as a child . why do you live with drunken derelicts ?	because my lousy kindergarten salary limits where i can live .	since you hate your job and it pays poorly , why not get another ?	i want to be a brain surgeon . i would operate on myself first !	that is very ambitious . did you do a double major in college ?	yes , i majored in beer and chasing women .
ddpc-1270	hello nice to meet you !	you as well . you play poker ?	no , imam not into that . . i like to travel . . visited 6 countries already	nice ! i used to travel , took wine tours of italy , that stopped when i quit drinking .	good choice ! what do you do ? i , a biology teacher at college
ddpc-1271	yea but they can be stressful too , i like to go running to help with that	it sounds like you are not all in .
ddpc-1272	i love riding horses in west virginia	i take my dogs camping there when we travel for frisbee . great place	do you exercise like me when you travel ?	yep . have to stay in shape for my sport . cant skip leg day	i alternate every other day between legs and arms	if i finished high school i would probably know how to be more fit
ddpc-1273	yeah they deserve each other , i want kids , but not yet , he would not wait	how long have you been together ?
ddpc-1274	nice . it is the belief of my people that animals are sacred	i compete in bodybuilding in my spare time .	sounds like a lot of physical work . i spend time with my 2 dogs for fun	yes it is i moved in with my little sister because she lives near my preferred gym .
ddpc-1275	i am doing well . i am relaxing before bed . i work in the morning .	i am a model so i keep crazy hours . what do you do ?	i am an engineer . i got my degree from mit . are you single ?	yes single . do you hobbies ?	i am single as well with no children . i like to travel .	i like to ice skate , roller skate and surf .	i want to visit a rain forest , but spiders and snakes scare me .	i am moving to new york soon . little scared of the crowd .	i grew up in new york . i moved away when my parents died two years ago .	i am sorry . i am a actor also so i have something to fall back on .	i love acting ! i did theater in high school .	i hope to see a lot of shows when i get there .
ddpc-1276	i am a lead singer in a band myself	awesome , what is the name of your band	i do not want to share that information . my parents would get mad	no worries i understand , sing on my friend
ddpc-1277	i just like the smoothness of it . i am from new york .	i love new york . i will be coming there in a few weeks for the marathon .	very cool ! do you like sweets ? i cannot stand them .	i do . i really just run so i can eat what ever i like .
ddpc-1278	i do not know much about web design . i love siamese cats like i have .	web design is a bit of a young adult thing , i guess .	yes i am too old for new things .	do you like iced tea ? i love it . it is my favourite drink .	we in the south love our ice tea	you drink sweet tea , right ?	yes i love ice tea	only crazy people do not like iced tea .
ddpc-1279	no , i do not . i mentor at risk youth though .	that is an important job . my job is a kindergarten teacher , so i can relate .	it sure is . i would not trade it for the world .
ddpc-1280	do you know what you want to go to school for or do after ?	i am thinking about being a nurse . my aunt works in a hospital , and likes it .
ddpc-1281	i like roller coasters , but not heights ! i always need to keep my hands busy	have you been to cedar point ? it is the coaster capital of the world .	i have ! my kids love that place . they keep me going after the divorce !
ddpc-1282	hi john . jessie here . i am from canada . where are you from ?	i divorced doug , gave up my kids and killed the cat . hi , name is john .	hi john . jessie here . i am from canada . where are you from ?	get out ! i make and sell jewelry online . i am from new york . you married ?	just recently to my high school sweetheart . we are both 19 .	hi jessie . you sing ? you married young huh ? any pets ?	oh , i love to sing in the shower country mostly . what music do you like ?	jazz . whats your spouse name jessie ? i am 40 .	oh , my husband alex likes jazz .	i see . i hate to sit still so i dance . you dance jessie ?	no , not really . i only dance if i drink . mostly , i stick to iced tea , though .	wow ! hmmm . can alex build anything with his hands ? i can .
ddpc-1283	probably your buddy hates cali too !	how can they not ? ! there is more to hate than there is to love .
ddpc-1284	hi ! i just got back from a run . what are you doing ?	hello , i am just playing some online poker .	i can not afford to gamble . i work at a fast food restaurant .	oh okay , that is too bad , i work as a carpenter .	i would love to work with wood . i could fix up this cheap apartment !
ddpc-1285	i am a bit busy but i love to meet people .	great ! what is your favorite animal ? i love riding horses on my dads farm	i love turtles ! i just bought one .	awe , i love turtles too . any hobbies ?	i love to play ultimate frisbee	cool . my favorite hobby is watching horror films	have you ever been to bora bora ?	no , can not say that i have . you ?	yes ! my parents live over there !	wow ! and here i am . my mom is just a teacher in south carolina . xd	i need to think of a name for my turtles girlfriend .	lol , do you have two turtles ?
ddpc-1286	i love blue hair , my live in girlfriend has blue hair too !	fun ! i would probably like her . california all the way baby . where are you from ?	maryland , studying law at johns hopkins	cool . maybe i will go to college there . homeschooling right now .	that is cool ; do you have pets ? my dog max says hi .	hi , max . no pets , but i have a robot . she is my best friend .	robots are great , i take mine on all my travel adventures .	yeah . they are the best , are not they ?	yes , better than some humans !	that is for sure . that is why my parents home school me .
ddpc-1287	i like board games , do you have a hobby ?	yes , i love to sing on my modeling jobs .	i just graduated so no work yet	what is your dream job ? mine is becoming an actress .	i would like to be in real estate	that is a good job . i know someone who is a millionaire because of it !
ddpc-1288	you been to the arctic region	no can not say that i have . tho i work out like crazy .	well are they cleaning is all been crazy and i plan to go there explore	that i think will be hard work . do you want kids ?	not married and i m teaching geology before but i switched to hunting	that is quite a change up . i am single and loving it . no babies for me	i go for polar bear for food	can not say i have tried that .	fish i ice them usually	i work in a hospital on nicu unit	under like working in there are you having fun	for the most part . watching football too	i tried to find those yes exploder s to return
ddpc-1289	haha that is silly . at least it was not a disgusting cat	very true . do you have a favorite band you like to listen to while working ?	i cannot listen to music while working since nurses have to listen to patients . you ?	rush is one of my top favorites	my dad likes rush so i hate them and him	is there anything you do like ?	i guess i am pretty cranky . i am ready to retire
ddpc-1290	i have a dog and we play frisbee together	how nice . what did you go to school for ? i am going for law .	i studied history and political science . law is very interesting .	wow are you democratic ? tell me about bora bora i love sightseeing and trying fun things .	i am democratic . bora bora is a beautiful place my parents live there . do you travel much ?	that is cool . oh yes traveling is my nature . where else have you been ?
ddpc-1291	i wish i could say , got another 5 hours on this rotation .	oh that sucks i am scared of water but i like to garden ponder that	that is definately interesting . i love everything outdoors and sports . hitting the weights with my brother later .	sounds like a good past time	i like it , better than being in the hospital all day and night .	what do you do there ?	i am a physican in the emergency department . what do you do ?	i work as a nurses aid .	small world , anything you do outside of work for fun , besides gardening ?	not really , i am a home body mostly , sometimes i go clubbing	i have not been clubbing in years . i love going out and trying new steak houses though .	that sounds yummy any place good
ddpc-1292	what are you doing ? i am sewing a quilt for my aunt .	hi . i am felicia . i am a science teacher and love travel .	awesome . what do you teach ?	spanish and italian . what do you do ?	for now , mostly spending time with my siamese cat and walking daily . i am on leave .
ddpc-1293	the healthiest that i get is eating granola	i have heard granola is good with milk . but the only thing i drink is water	wow you seem really healthy	it takes a lot of time , so i am currently single . but i like being single	i am single too ! i wish i went to the gym more	maybe we could go to the gym together sometime !
ddpc-1294	i would make him a quilt .	what kind of quilt would you make ?	a fabulous one . with cats	do you like cats ? i dislike animals .	siamese cats . do you hate my cat ?	no , i am just not good with animals .	hm . my cat is really nice .	i like board games more than nice cats .	can i play with you ?	what kinds of games do you like ?
ddpc-1295	that is awesome . you are an inspiration , congrats .	thank you , enought about me . what do you do for fun ?	photography and hike . do you like to hike ?	i like both of those things actually . i hike every weekend
ddpc-1296	me too ! how are you today ?	i love animals ! how about you !	me too ! how are you today ?	i am a bit busy but i love to meet people .	great ! what is your favorite animal ? i love riding horses on my dads farm	i love turtles ! i just bought one .	awe , i love turtles too . any hobbies ?	i love to play ultimate frisbee	cool . my favorite hobby is watching horror films	have you ever been to bora bora ?
ddpc-1297	i also love to travel and take adventures . what are your hobbies ?	i like to hang out with friends	nice . where do you like to go ?	we like to do different things do you have pets
ddpc-1298	i travel back to my home state of california and read	so you have family in california ?	yes i do . they always tell me jordan , move back home	i am sure they miss you . how long have you lived in florida ?	since i moved here for vet school . where do you live ?	i am from detroit . it is a tough place for a five foot tall woman .
ddpc-1299	well , i have a simple job . but i do like some hard rock .	yeah , who is your favorite artist ?	i recently got a guitar signed by metallica , so i really like metallica , obviously .	lars is the best ! the endurance of drummers , right ?	yes ! i have been to several concerts and they never disappoint .	have you ever seen dave matthews band ?
ddpc-1300	i am an animal lover , we have a couple of cats and a dog too	sounds perfect what do you do in your free time if you get any !	i like working on old cars , but do not seem to have much time for it .
ddpc-1301	what do you mean lol lol	trying to run out time , two can play at that !	who is ? you asked me something i did not get lol
ddpc-1302	i want to go everywhere , but do not have that kind of money .	me either . pet smart does not pay well
ddpc-1303	i do too , so does my dog . his name is tupac .	great name for the pet i am in love with playing sports and being active .	i run , that is about it . my husband loves sports too	good job running is healthy i am a 50 year old woman .	i am only 23 . i have a lot of life ahead of me . got any tips ?	yes sweetie you are young so enjoy every moment of your life .	i will . i can not wait to get back to the gym	cool that will be enjoying i am going to collage and study for education .	that is amazing . i am working on a history degree .
ddpc-1304	my parents were like that until one cheated	it is very hard . hopefully my husband can find a regular job some day .	yes i think spending time with each other is important
ddpc-1305	who does not like chips ? is it the crunch ?	yes it is , i do not care for the calories and the crunch
ddpc-1306	hi , how are you tonight ?	doing pretty good . spent most the night at church . you ?	hi , how are you tonight ?	doing pretty good . spent most the night at church . you ?	i was home knitting things for kids in the hospital
ddpc-1307	i do like cars . i have a 2015 honda civic .	i enjoy vintage cars , they are the best and really fast .
ddpc-1308	watching some youtube videos about hiking	i like watching youtube , i watch videos on makeup
ddpc-1309	hi , how are you this morning ?	i am fine . i am getting off my job just now .	hi , how are you this morning ?	i am fine . i am getting off my job just now .	what do you do for a living ?
ddpc-1310	i have 1 dog and 2 cats with my husband he is my world	nice , what do your parents do ?	they are bankers how about yourself ?	my parents are in bora bora and i work in fast food	does your place sell ice cream it is my favorite food , what is yours ?	yeah they sell ice cream but only in autumn which is my favorite season , i love pizza	pizza is the perfect food to watch movies with , what is your favorite movie ?
ddpc-1311	hello , how are you doing today ?	hello , i am well . how are you ?	hello , how are you doing today ?	hello , i am well . how are you ?	i am doing well . it is a lovely night in texas .	have you always lived there ? it seems like nice place , very patriotic .	for twenty eight years . that is how old i am . where are you from ?	i live in the mid west now . we moved a lot .
ddpc-1312	i am in my young adult years , i am not ready to buy a home .	this is my first one it was an interesting process	well congrats on your home ! what are your hobbies ?	well i run my a dog obedience school so that is where most of time is spent	sounds cool . i am thirsty . i wish i had some iced tea , my favorite drink .
ddpc-1313	good ! just studying for college classes	awesome , i did a lot of those classes , now i am a nurse	wow ! inspiring ! i am 22 so i am not sure what i want to be yet .	22 ? i started volunteering at the red cross at that age , still do	yes ! i should , but i spend most of my time hanging out with friends	oh fun , i just added another teddy bear to my collection !	aw how cute ! what genre is your favorite music ? mine is rap .	i like the band radiohead a lot , green is my favorite color	that is awesome , do you play sports ? i love them !	yes , i play basketball . you ?	anything ! i just like to keep active	that is really good . its snowing here in idaho	wow ! it just got chilly here today . i love the fall	fall is so pretty in some places . i am mike by the way
ddpc-1314	that sounds like a cool hobby . i enjoy restoring classic cars	before spaceships , i started on modeling classic cars !	so you understand the appeal	the real thing must be way better .
ddpc-1315	haha of course they do maybe sneak in healthy things in their dinner	it is hard to eat together , since i work days and my husband works overnights	oh wow that sounds like a busy schedule
ddpc-1316	i do not know much about web design . i love siamese cats like i have .	web design is a bit of a young adult thing , i guess .	yes i am too old for new things .	do you like iced tea ? i love it . it is my favourite drink .	we in the south love our ice tea	you drink sweet tea , right ?	yes i love ice tea	only crazy people do not like iced tea .
ddpc-1317	that i think will be hard work . do you want kids ?	not married and i m teaching geology before but i switched to hunting	that is quite a change up . i am single and loving it . no babies for me	i go for polar bear for food	can not say i have tried that .	fish i ice them usually	i work in a hospital on nicu unit	under like working in there are you having fun	for the most part . watching football too
ddpc-1318	that is so cool . are you single ? my girl resides with me .	i am single but live my girl and pet turtle	that is awesome . any other pets ? my pups name is max .	i have a dog and we play frisbee together	how nice . what did you go to school for ? i am going for law .	i studied history and political science . law is very interesting .	wow are you democratic ? tell me about bora bora i love sightseeing and trying fun things .	i am democratic . bora bora is a beautiful place my parents live there . do you travel much ?	that is cool . oh yes traveling is my nature . where else have you been ?	i have been to saudi arabia and kuwait
ddpc-1319	i have a dog and we play frisbee together	how nice . what did you go to school for ? i am going for law .	i studied history and political science . law is very interesting .	wow are you democratic ? tell me about bora bora i love sightseeing and trying fun things .	i am democratic . bora bora is a beautiful place my parents live there . do you travel much ?	that is cool . oh yes traveling is my nature . where else have you been ?
ddpc-1320	in may i graduated . do you work ?	i am an office secretary . have to run off those chocolate calories now .	hehe you have too . try to eat healthy food not junky .	that is no fun . so , do you work ?	not yet i am looking for a job .	good luck . it is difficult to break into the work force sometimes .
ddpc-1321	i work as a science fiction writer . what do you do ?	that sounds cool . i am a lawyer	i need a lawyer , lol . are you a good one ?	as long as you can try me
ddpc-1322	hey ! how are you tonight ?	i am good and you ?	tired . just got back from my job at the research facility .	wow that is nice ! do you like old generation music ?	i do . i listen to it when i do my other gig as an artist .	when are you planning to retired ? i try to retired in the next 5 years
ddpc-1323	yes , i do . a vintage beetle . it was my dads first car .	wow that is very nice ! he gives you that car ?
ddpc-1324	i am going to school next year , for marine biology .	that sounds great . my parents both taught science	science and biology are my strongest subjects .	my parents would love you . i think i might try for a teaching degree	that is so awesome . my parents are disappointed .	i bet that is not true . who would not want their child to be scientist	parents who are high profile attorneys .
ddpc-1325	i m doing good i just had a free time suing	hi ! how are you doing ?	i m doing good i just had a free time suing	good for you . i am kicking back working on a romance novel i am writing .	wow you got plenty of time me always battery by cnn news	i live on a distant island and there is not much to do there .	i always try to walk each day a mile	way to go ! as i work as a writer , my days are quiet .	do you usually do it at home i do quilts for my close family	as an introvert , i write from home with my two cats around me .	how do you like doing that	it is pretty calming and keeps me out of trouble !	what other stuff do you do aside from writing	not too much , although i love to watch movies . do you like movies ?	no not really and i am always suing	you must really like it a lot .	yes i do actually i do it on my facetime
ddpc-1326	hey there how are you doing today ?	am am fine thanks you	i am good , just getting off work	ok how was work good i hope	it was good , sitting at a computer all day is hard . you have a job ?
ddpc-1327	i do not drive since i work at home and online so much .	cool , i have a cute slug bug lol
ddpc-1328	well that sounds nice . i am well .	i like in michigan but used to live in north dakota	i visited michigan this past summer .	cool are you religious i am jewish	i am religious , but i am christian .	my bf is from back when i was in kindergarten
ddpc-1329	i am good . how are you ?	i am doing well , just preparing for a week of teaching .	that is nice . what do you teach ?	since graduating two years ago , i have taught kindergarten .	awesome . i actually never graduated highschool	oh wow . what do you do for work ?	i do not . i spend all of my time playing frisbee	wow . do you have any pets ? i have a cat .	cats are cool . i have two dogs . pretty big ones as well	nice ! i do not have room for one . where are you from ?	ohio . where are you from ?	i am living in seattle . fun place , but it rains too much .
ddpc-1330	cool beans . where are you working ?	i work as a secretary . how about you ?	er nurse , and still not good enough for my dad lol .	oh man , that stinks . are you into any sports at all ?
ddpc-1331	that is awesome . you are an inspiration , congrats .	thank you , enought about me . what do you do for fun ?	photography and hike . do you like to hike ?	i like both of those things actually . i hike every weekend
ddpc-1332	oh , i am just a blue haired teenager . how are you today ?	hi , my name is batista . what is yours ?	oh , i am just a blue haired teenager . how are you today ?	ha ha ok blue hair . i chilling playing my guitar .	guitar is cool . i really like music .	yeah , i love blues , what music do you like ?	being homeschooled , i listen to a lot of kinds . it keeps me busy .	homeschooled , huh you must live in the boonies	surprisingly , i am from california . but i hate it .	yeah i got ya , big cities suck big time	yes they do . i would much rather have a ton of land somewhere and be alone .	yeah got that too . i hate being put down for my tats
ddpc-1333	ohio state buckeyes fan jane here . who is out there ?	hey carl here ! i am a huge football fan ! go bears !	my factory job allows me weekends off so i get to watch the games . you ?	every week , i also work at a factory doing heavy lifting and delivery	office for me . then home to my garden filled with purple flowers .
ddpc-1334	surely is . but i am doing some meaningful things to find long lost explorers	that would be an interesting task
ddpc-1335	are you going to be a lawyer	it s not really easy specially being successful is what i want	i know things do not always work as they should i am supposed to be in the nfl	yes send that gives me two more years to finish it
ddpc-1336	i was born with fangs i still have them .	really ? wow , that is interesting !
ddpc-1337	that is interesting . i think i prefer dogs over cats too .	yes cats suck . gosh , did i mention i am transexual ?	no , you did not mention that but good to know . might be a good ending .
ddpc-1338	good evening . how are you	i am good how r you ?
ddpc-1339	so where are you from	i am from new york and you ?	i am originally from california bit live in florida	how is florida was it hit bad in that storm
ddpc-1340	great ! my dad has retired .	my best seasonal holiday is celebrating christmas . oh he will be okay .	you think ? my mothers is an aide that eats meats .	i like having three dogs love animals i used to aide .	i see . one time i made a unicorn cry . i told her we like meat .
ddpc-1341	hi , i work at fast food , what do you do for work ?	i am a work at home father and it is good ; especially since i became a dad .	hi , i work at fast food , what do you do for work ?	i am a work at home father and it is good ; especially since i became a dad .	good for you , i do not have a family , i am single and a worker	what kind of work do you do ?	fast food , i did not graduate high school so i do not have a good job	any job is a good job . you should be proud .
ddpc-1342	my mom was a firefighter an my dad a teacher	that is cool your moms a firefighter . you do not see many woman firefighters .
ddpc-1343	i prefer pop music . i try to stay up with the trends .	skateboarding is my job at times and i am still pretty good	you skateboard professionally ? wow , how exciting ! lots of travel ?	on weekends and i gave up eating potato chips to try to stay slim
ddpc-1344	what do you like to do ?	i do a lot of hiking my my best friend from kindergarten , you ?	i enjoy cooking meals for my family and reading .	that is very nice , what is your favorite meal ?
ddpc-1345	hello , how are you today ?	great ! how are you ?	i am doing well ! listening to tim mcgraw . he is my favorite singer .	heart is my favorite band , but i like some country too .	what do you do for a living ?	i am a mom to three kids so whatever i need to . you
ddpc-1346	me too . i really like farms . my family had a really big one .	wow that is amazing , i will be retiring in five years	good for you . i will be driving for years to pay for those 7 kids .	but the kids are worth it ?	absolutely ! but it is nice to have some alone time too .	i agree , i hope you are not working too hard !	what do you do for a living ?
ddpc-1347	i am alright , how was your day ?	hi how are you today ?	i am alright , how was your day ?	pretty good just studying and you ?	i do not do much since the accident , off of work . what do you do for fun ?	what was the accident huh ?	got in a brutal car accident but working hard to get back on my feet	i am sorry to hear that	thank you , time off has allowed me to do some small work to help other	do you listen to music then ?	i do , i like country music a lot . how about you ?	i adore rap music a lot	used to listen to rap but not so much anymore . do you have any other hobbies ?
ddpc-1348	hi , i am from the south , what about you ?	i am originally from puerto rico , but i am staying in south korea now .	i have a mother and five sisters , how about you ?	i have 2 brothers . i am the oldest . where in the south ?	you never heard of south carolina	i have . i was briefly stationed at fort jackson .	o yes that in columbia i live a bout 80 miles	i did not know where in the south you meant originally . i apologize .	that ok , i really under that
ddpc-1349	hello , how are you doing today ?	i am doing great . just having a few slices of bacon for breakfast . you ?	i am working on a paper for class . pulled an all nighter .
ddpc-1350	she must enjoy spending time with elderly people .	i go camping 6 times a year and hiking every month .	do you camp in national parks or elsewhere ?	i camp in my backyard	haha ! you do go very far . where do you hike ?
ddpc-1351	not really ! i graduated last year with honors so she makes me do everything !	well at least you have a job , i wish i could get out of bed	have you tried physical therapy ? i do it after a soccer injury .	no i have not , it is hard to even breath	what do you do for fun ? like music ?	i lay here and look at the paint peal
ddpc-1352	hi want to be friends with me	hello , are you a musician ?	hi want to be friends with me	hello , are you a musician ?	i am how did you know	i am as well , small world .	my father was a cop . he was not thrilled when i started a band	mine was too . i love nirvana .	i bet we could go for a morning jog together	that would be wonderful , have you ever done run disney ?	i am planning a trip soon	where are you going ? i would love to go to ireland .	ha i meant to disney . but yeah ireland would be cool	i want to go everywhere , but do not have that kind of money .	me either . pet smart does not pay well
ddpc-1353	i m good i just spent time with my family	well , i was listening taylor swift !	is that what you need your free time listen to music i read for my	yeah , i also ride horses	i do you bake cookies homemade for my kids	how many kids do you have	i only have two for now but i want a huge number of family	do you have girls ? or ?	i have one boy and one girl then my husband do his own business running it	i am sure that is a lot of money ! i actually want to paint my room !	do you know how to paint rooms though	a little bit , yeah . also , i do own a grocery store !
ddpc-1354	just got off work mcdonalds is not cutting it i might go back to school	i am always trying to reserve for other but how are you	just got off work mcdonalds is not cutting it i might go back to school	i mean to say that introvert is my personality my cats serve them love me	i cant stop thinking of my real parents they aban	your parents that do they live in a faraway island just like me
ddpc-1355	i will be in a school of hairdresser , i also own a fish aquarium	really . fish raw is my meal . what kind of fish ?	i love exotic fish , you have a nice family .	my family is nice . we spend time at the weight room a lot	i love the 1950 era and the decorations of that era	we work out to hip hop artists and i love the 1990 era	it is a nice family event and healthy too	yes it is . i cherish those moments .
ddpc-1356	i love riding horses in west virginia	i take my dogs camping there when we travel for frisbee . great place	do you exercise like me when you travel ?	yep . have to stay in shape for my sport . cant skip leg day	i alternate every other day between legs and arms	if i finished high school i would probably know how to be more fit
ddpc-1357	not yet but i am working on it . it cost alot of money	self publishing is very expensive .	yes it is i have resourced the pricing for it .
ddpc-1358	that sounds fun , i spend my weekends reading romance novels	yeah , how about drama , i love those	i am so over drama	drama and romance goes together	sometimes . but other times its too much .	i understand , where are you from	i live in an apartment in a city	i live near the beach	sounds pretty and warm and nice	yeah california is warm most of the tiem	except san francisco ! windy and cold	oh yeah , well florida is warm right now tho
ddpc-1359	oh man , i miss pizza so much ! i am dieting right now , it is rough !	eating is my life ! i could never diet	lucky you ! i spend so much time on the beach , i want to look good .	i wish i could go to the beach . i get nervous and stutter around attractive people though	my brother stuttered , but he was able to overcome it . maybe you can too .	i really hope i can
ddpc-1360	i just got out of college .	what did you study . i work at pet smart but really like music .	i studied graphic design . i want to make board games , though .	my friends play board games , but i run when i get free time .	i like to play them a lot . it is fun for me and my friends and cousins .	do you have brothers or sisters ? do they play ?	i have two older sisters but they are married .	i just have one sister . my dad was a police officer but he retired from an injury .	my sisters are named adelle and margot and they both have husbands and jobs and kids .	do you have any other hobbies besides board games ?
ddpc-1361	howdy how are you doing tonight i am doing fine .	i am doing fine too .	that is good i like watching sports on television . do you ?	i do not like sports . i love watching series .	that is okay we all like different things . another sport i like is soccer .
ddpc-1362	hello , what have you been doing ?	well lately i have been getting ready for ski season up on the mountain	how exciting , i just got home from walking my dog	that is awesome ! i have two dogs and some cats , how do you feel about cats	i like them , but i only have a dog , because my sister is allergic to cats .	that kinda sucks , cats can be a handful but i still love them	i have been practicing my dance	hmmmm tell me more , is it dancing to barry manila	no , mostly hip hop , it is my passion	what are the names of a few artists that you dance to ?
ddpc-1363	i do too i really like reptiles . where are you from	baby , i am from houston , texas . but i am in chicago right now	i grew up in los angeles but moved to miami	yo , i hear its real hot in miami , they got it going on	it is but i go to the beach a lot .	that is real cool . i am so tired , i do not feel like hitting this stage	do you like to read or play video games	i love reading especially on watt pad
ddpc-1364	did have to see the judge or did you cut a deal ?	i actually saw the judge and had a case . it was scary .	i bet it was . what was the outcome ?
ddpc-1365	i do surfing but not a lot and fishing in my free time .	cool . i also like to sing although i do not sound very well .	i do sing in a church choir only .	you should sing more often .	yes we do practice a lot and its some bit of fun also .
ddpc-1366	fantasy videogames ! ! do you like them ?	no , but i play mario
ddpc-1367	do you not qualify for veteran benefits ?	i am not sure . . . it seems like a lot of paperwork .
ddpc-1368	very cool . do you like books ? i love romance ones . . . movies too	yeah . that is where i got my love of travel from actually .	oh cool ! whats your favorite place to travel ?	i really enjoyed germany . though i hate leaving my dog home when i go abroad .	oh i am so scared of dogs ! what kind do you have ?	a boston terrier named max . my girlfriend adopted him when she moved in .	is your place big ? i have an apartment that i rent
ddpc-1369	i sew quilts for relatives that are happier than i will ever be . retired banker .	it seems were one in the same , maybe i can use this mysterious connection	you write the novels , i will sew quilts that expound on the themes you write about .
ddpc-1370	i think i did everything . now i just watch it all on tv .	oh really ? what do you like to watch ? i mostly watch horror movies .
ddpc-1371	only crazy people do not like iced tea .	that is true ice tea is loved everywhere now
ddpc-1372	hmmm . i see . i just wish i can my first rn job . good luck .	good luck to you too ! do you like animals ?	no not me ! i do like clothes though .	i am not a fan of cats but i love dogs .
ddpc-1373	at least you are active ! what position ? i played outfield in high school	it helps with the work stress . i played second base . do you like to cook ?	i love to cook . i make a mean baked chicken ! haha	ooh , i love italian food , especially lasagna . do you have a favorite ?	i really like tacos but not a mexican food fan . i love chinese food	odd . you need a singer in your metal band ? the church choir bores me .	haha . i actually do . true story there .	great , maybe i can scream for your hardcore band instead of at these kids .
ddpc-1374	what kind of work do you do ?	i am a model for a magazine .
ddpc-1375	relaxing after a long day in the field	what did you do there ?	just war training , what did you do today ?	just went to my classes really	high school or college student ?	college . how old are you ?	i am only twenty , after i leave the army i will go to college	impressive i am a 22 year old woman	hey you just got me by two years lol
ddpc-1376	well , fishing as well ! except i am not allowed to eat shellfish	why can you not eat shellfish ?
ddpc-1377	no , i do like to collect civil war antiques . i put alot of time into that .	you are ? i am a girl that is mixed .	are you single ? i can fake a british accent if it makes me more attractive .	i want to dance with a nice person .	as long as you do not bring any mangoes . i am seriously allergic .	try to that now ? i like to heard it . that will be awesome	not sure what you tried to say there . have you been married ?	oh too bad , i love mangoes , i do not like to talk about my parents .	i was married 4 times , and lost three of them in accidents .
ddpc-1378	i like reading mysteries and one day i was reading some lady dropped off some kids	oh that makes sense . can i have some ?	sure . you can marry men and share
ddpc-1379	sales for which company ? will i have hear of it ?	i do online for a cable company	ohh cool , my brother works as a contractor for charter
ddpc-1380	yes it is . how old are you ?	i am 26 . i only have one kiddo so far . i can not imagine twins .
ddpc-1381	i bet he is so cute i live in apartment building that has low rent .	that is the worst part lol he is gets away with a lot of stuff because he is cute
ddpc-1382	good . tired , i was teaching kindergarten most of the day .	hi how are you today	good . tired , i was teaching kindergarten most of the day .	what is your party affiliation ?	i lean conservative . how about you ?	i am 100 republican	i have a husband and a child to think about . i voted party line .	yeah i also teach and stuff	very cool ! my kids i teach love my convertible mustang .	i have a lot of kids	right on . what grade do you teach ?	kindergarten kids mostly yeah yup
ddpc-1383	yeah it is a great thing . what do you do for a living	i am unemployed right now looking for work in business marketing .	wow that seems like a hard job to have	hard to get into for sure . business always want a lot of experience .
ddpc-1384	not like this one ! it takes the bacon right from the fridge !	ah ! what s your day job again ? lol !
ddpc-1385	switch places with me ! it is too hot and sunny here	hehe i love snowing more .
ddpc-1386	that is good and same here sadly	waiting for my next model spaceship to be delivered .	o are those hard to assemble	not too hard , just fun while i am not playing videogames	what video games you play ?
ddpc-1387	so where are you from	i am from new york and you ?	i am originally from california bit live in florida	how is florida was it hit bad in that storm
ddpc-1388	i am a nurse , caring for people is what i love to do	hey there . i am a student who needs money	i am a nurse , caring for people is what i love to do	oh that is sounds exciting . i am studying to be a marine biologist
ddpc-1389	that is interesting . can you sculpt david ?	i could try , i am only five feet so cannot make anything too tall	haha . get a big stool . you can do it !	i have a big personality for this little body so i do not give up	you know what they say . good things come in little packages !
ddpc-1390	hello , how are you tonight ? are you a gamer like me ?	i am good . you ? i am more of a writer .	i write a lot at work , so i have other interests .	writing is my work , so i cant get out of it if i tried	i am in computer science , so i build spaceships .
ddpc-1391	hi there i teach biology college	hello i am a real estate agent in canada where are you ?	hi there i teach biology college	i work part time and care for my two children in kindergarten	that i am sure keeps you busy . do you get to travel ?	i only travel for environmentalist events	i see that is a noble cause i love traveling	i wish i had more time for travel but work has kept me busy last 12 years	i know how that is i like walking you	since i turned 34 , i prefer to walk	lol i do a lot of gardening love fresh fruits and veggies	my 2 kinds are really into growing things	that is awesome . hard work but rewarding	planting trees is rewarding for me	aw yes another good one to grow	i would prefer to be a tree planter than real estate agent	lol still have to deal with idiots tho
ddpc-1392	i want to visit the beach again soon .	i would never move away .
ddpc-1393	why can you not eat shellfish ?	i get sick and have a severe allergic reaction
ddpc-1394	hello , how are you this afternoon ?	good , i just working while chatting , and you ?	hello , how are you this afternoon ?	good , i just working while chatting , and you ?	watching some youtube videos about hiking	i like watching youtube , i watch videos on makeup	is that like a hobby of yours ?
ddpc-1395	i hate insecta . if you had bacon i would move underwater right away	no bacon here but we have delicious lobster and crabcakes !
ddpc-1396	i like cats . they are chill and not so rambunctious .	what other hobbies do you have ? instead of games .
ddpc-1397	hi i am eating my favorite beef jerky . how are you ?	hello doing good just listening to music	they say we should not eat meat but its ok , i am a doctor	i wish there was a pill to make me taller . i am only five feet .	eat a lot of meat like i do . it will make you taller	in my family i am the only short one of four people .	they have pills for everything now but not to make you taller	i know my brother teases me all the time about it .	i only have 1 brother so i am the tallest and smartest	my brother is one year older than me we are in high school .
ddpc-1398	that is great ! family is awesome . mine lives down the street from me .	i just found out my friend is getting married . i do not know if that is good or bad	that is great ! family is awesome . mine lives down the street from me .	i was just at my other friends wedding last week but not me , i am single	are you conservative ? i am .	all of my family is an hour away . i moved for a better job in sales	hopefully the pay is worth it ! do you like ford or chevy ? my truck is a ford .	conservative is just one of those words used by the media . its all the same	i disagree . every sunday i am in church . generally the more conservative are there .	both are good but i want one of the new tesla electric cars .	oh , an electric car would be cool . that would be good for the environment .	i go to church for weddings like my friends last week but i am not religious	i understand . organized religion is not for everyone .	i think they will all be electric soon . electric cars were first before gas	oh really ? i did not know that .	i am a care salesman so i know a lot about all inds of cars
ddpc-1399	no i am having a awesome day !	oh , i thought you were taking your anger out on cats and your dad .	sounds slightly personal , in the hospital where i work topics change
ddpc-1400	i am well . how are you ?	i am doing great just got back from the beach	that is great . i live far from the beach .	i am very lucky we live beside the beach . what do you do for a living
ddpc-1401	haha , i suppose . the money is good . do you play any card games ?	no . i used to play gin rummy . my brother is a big poker player . he wins sometimes .
ddpc-1402	hello , how are you this evening ?	i am good just getting back from work	same here , though i am coming from class . law school student .	that is nice i teach kindergarten	how long have you been going that ?	just two years its rewarding but the pay is low	that is why i am studying law . the pay is good ,	yeah that is definitely a bonus
ddpc-1403	i will be in a school of hairdresser , i also own a fish aquarium	really . fish raw is my meal . what kind of fish ?	i love exotic fish , you have a nice family .	my family is nice . we spend time at the weight room a lot	i love the 1950 era and the decorations of that era	we work out to hip hop artists and i love the 1990 era	it is a nice family event and healthy too	yes it is . i cherish those moments .
ddpc-1404	haha of course they do maybe sneak in healthy things in their dinner	it is hard to eat together , since i work days and my husband works overnights	oh wow that sounds like a busy schedule
ddpc-1405	i am great and you ?	good morning ! how are you doing ?	i am great and you ?	good sore from lifting weights on sunday . but i will be good by next weekend .	that sucks . do you like sports ?	yes , i used to do some when i was younger , but now i just lift weights . you ?	yeah i played alot of sports in high school .	that is awesome ! i used to play basketball because i am quite tall . you ?	i think i did everything . now i just watch it all on tv .	oh really ? what do you like to watch ? i mostly watch horror movies .	i only watch sports to be honest .
ddpc-1406	hi , do you like skating ? i am a pro skater	i do not really know how to skate but i think its very cool	hi , do you like skating ? i am a pro skater	i do not really know how to skate but i think its very cool	good , whenever i am not skating i am listening to bluegrass	i listen to music while i am doing carpentry . i just cant seem to stop moving ever	carpentry is cool , do you do that as work ?	more of a hobby . i am 40 and still do not have a set career	nice please tell me more	i cant stay still long enough to keep a steady job . i am a restless guy
ddpc-1407	hey there how are you today ?	hi . good . just quilting tonight . tomorrow night i will cross stitch .	i spend a great deal of time at school	that is great ! education here is great . my parents taught me to value it .	i love the ocean me an my friends explore together	my parents came here from across the ocean . proud immigrants .	how is your hair ? my hair is long an all the way to my tail .	wow . you have a tail ? my hair is average . baby boomer hair style .
ddpc-1408	i do not listen to country . i am a rap girl .	do you have an online presence ? do you compete ?
ddpc-1409	really ? i really love animals !	so do i and they give me a reason to get out	that is the best reason to go outside in my opinion
ddpc-1410	i am a literature teacher ! nothing like a good book ! nice ! !	cool . . . my sons are thankfully into literature . . both of them !	i wish my husband was ! my daughter just loves cooking like me .
ddpc-1411	i cook vegan stuff , so i fart a lot sadly	ohh a few eggs and you would be weaponized	eggs are not vegan lol . but i am on disability for my bad back	do you have any pets ?
ddpc-1412	i am a literature teacher ! nothing like a good book ! nice ! !	cool . . . my sons are thankfully into literature . . both of them !	i wish my husband was ! my daughter just loves cooking like me .
ddpc-1413	you could make them into a pizza . i love to eat pizza so i would buy	i doubt that would go over well .
ddpc-1414	oh so are you an american indian ?	i am indeed ! cherokee all the way baby	it is nice to be so into your heritage	thank you i might overcompensate since i cannot really get into the spiritual side of it
ddpc-1415	well i work with computers and then read every spare min i have	what are you currently reading ? i like to read about animals	i am reading some books about the hillary clinton since i vote democrat	interesting . i would vote if barry manila was running !	always vote the barry lol , how is your night going ?	good , currently cuddling with my five animals . you ?	just getting ready for bed , what kind of animals ?
ddpc-1416	that actually helps ? nothing really helps , e	it does . that and tai chi . its calming .	i might try that the only thing that normally helps is being around my dog	dogs are cool . what kind of dog do you have ?	he is a chihuahua dachshund mix
ddpc-1417	i would make him a quilt .	what kind of quilt would you make ?	a fabulous one . with cats	do you like cats ? i dislike animals .	siamese cats . do you hate my cat ?	no , i am just not good with animals .	hm . my cat is really nice .	i like board games more than nice cats .	can i play with you ?	what kinds of games do you like ?
ddpc-1418	hi how are you today	i am fine what about you ?
ddpc-1419	i am good just got back from the gym	that is really cool , i am a jee	sounds cool what is that	sorry i meant jew i had a sneeze	haha no worries what do you do for a living	i travel right now and to different countries	that is great whats your favorite so far	i love europe it is very pretty and the people are nice	yeah i like it too i have not been in a while though	which country did you visit in europe	i went to italy a few years ago i would love to go back	did you eat any pizza	sometimes i eat a lot of meat and protein	that is very good , that way you can be healthy	yeah i work out a lot so it helos
ddpc-1420	what do you mean ? identical ?	one is tall and has brown hair , one is short and blonde .	aww that is very interesting . do you work ?	yes , i work as a consulting manager . you ?	i finished my degree looking for a job .	what is your degree in ?
ddpc-1421	hi ! do you enjoy walking ? i am going out for a walk in my garden	i do enjoy walking ! i love to put my headphones on and walk around .	hi ! do you enjoy walking ? i am going out for a walk in my garden	i do enjoy walking ! i love to put my headphones on and walk around .	my college students always have headphones in . drives me nuts !
ddpc-1422	we ate way earlier . always by 630 . how about you ?	hi ! what do you have planned for dinner ?	we ate way earlier . always by 630 . how about you ?	italian is my favorite so i am thinking along those lines .	sounds yummy ! do you work tomorrow ?	no . so i think i will read a book . probably about traveling .	i love traveling . i often quilt while my husband drives .	i do not drive much . walking long distances is what i do .	i am too old for much of that anymore . we prefer visiting great american landmarks .	europe is on my travel list . have you been there ?	we keep it to great american landmarks . we love seeing american history .	i have a big dog so i have to walk . do you have pets ?	we have a tiny lapdog . she likes to go on road trips with us .	that is cute ! i have a lap dog as well . she does not walk much .	so , what do you do for a living ?
ddpc-1423	wish i could . i keep a large garden as well .	will you help me ?	i am a little busy . i teach a college class in biology .	that makes me so sad .	maybe when i am free . i like walking in my spare time .	if we do not walk by water i would walk with you	sure . i also love travelling . been to six countries already !	have you been to ohio ?	yes , but ohio is not a country , you know ?	yes , but , i love ohio state so i was curious . i am not stupid .	haha . i did not say that . ohio is a great state !	i do not care about the state , only the school .
ddpc-1424	oh i am so sorry to hear	its okay . she was old . you take pictures with your kid and post them ?	do you have a favorite movie ? mine is titanic i have seen it ten times
ddpc-1425	i am from upstate newyork how is wisconsin ?	cold and snowy , at least in a few months . i love it .	i like the snow what is your favorite snow activity that you like to do ?	skiing . that and curling with my two brothers .	i never tried skiing maybe one day . how old are your brothers ?	they are both older than me at 29 and 31 . do you have siblings ?	i have one sibling 17 a sister	siblings can be a lot of fun . do you like music ? i enjoy metallica .	yes i love music and metallica is okay do u like korn ?	i have never heard their music .
ddpc-1426	good thing i have a lot of money	that be great living out alone in the wild
ddpc-1427	hello , how are you this afternoon ?	good , i just working while chatting , and you ?	hello , how are you this afternoon ?	good , i just working while chatting , and you ?	watching some youtube videos about hiking	i like watching youtube , i watch videos on makeup	is that like a hobby of yours ?
ddpc-1428	i attend church sunday faithfully . are you calling me violent ?	i would not fight you , instead i would have you over for italian food	as long as i can bring my family . they live right up the road	you can bring the family . do they like to sing ?	yes . we can also talk about the second ammendment and how you should not fear guns	lets get a my family against your family softball game going	that sounds like a lot of fun if i do say so m	you cannot beat home made italian food and a big game of sports	no you surely cannot . what else can you cook ?
ddpc-1429	he was a very talented singer .	yes . i like his songs . he was a great guy .	how old are you ? i am 34 .
ddpc-1430	yep . wish i had more friends , but they kept losing to me in poker .	haha ! i am awful at poker . cannot keep a straight face	need to go to europe just for the new chances to win .	just need an escape plan for if things go south !	i hear you . do have some other hobbies ?	just baking homemade dog treats . what about you ?
ddpc-1431	hi are you working today ? i am going to style some dog hair	hello , no . i am in the gym as today is leg day .	my third husband died at the gym so i do not go there anymore	that is horrid . did he like tim mcgraw ? my kid sister and i do .	no he was into british bands . i try to sound british to attract men sometimes	that is why i am a body builder . i have a blog about rabbits i have rescued .	rabbits are cute but not as easy to style as dogs	mine have long hair , and look cute in bows , especially teddy .	i could give them a nice mohawk or other eccentric style	that would be hilarious on teddy . he is named after the president .
ddpc-1432	congratulations ! single mom of 2 boys here . how are you ?	i am great ! i just watched titanic again , for the 10th time !	great movie . i do not have a lot of free time these days .	that sucks . i just studied model cars in my year abroad . . . its my hobby	that sounds interesting . i collect decorations from the 50s . do you like cars from that era ?	i do , but mostly i like ginger , my retriever now . tell me more about you	i am going to school to be a hairdresser . i really like it .	i cannot imagine doing that , i mostly just play with cars and watch titanic	and have a wonderful new pal in ginger ! i just have exotic fish .	fishes are cool too . i just wish they did more than swim and eat !
ddpc-1433	yes very much i make an awesome eggplant parmigiana my fave	i want to try it like vintage things ?	yes i love vintage things so artsy	i like the 1950 years so cool to me	i love the 50s i was born in 1956	really i was in the 80s	you are a young person
ddpc-1434	hey hows your day going sir	hehe , i am actually a miss . it is going well , what about yourself ?	oops sorry miss haha . i am doing good . feeding my 3 dogs	what are their names ? i do not have any pets , my two boys are enough !	haha kids . . am i right ?	oh you are . luckily my job is mostly paperwork . . . what do you do for a living ?	oh that sounds nice . i work at a salon . . hairstylist .	maybe you could do my hair sometime !	haha sure . except on sundays . that is when i watch football	that is okay , i spend my weekends hiking , usually .	oh that sounds fun . i am about to order pizza . want some ?	i would love some ! but make it two . . . for each boy !	haha i order 3 large cheese pizzas for me and my doggies	i may only be an accountant but . . . pretty sure dogs should not eat pizza	well . . . i guess you will not be having any pizza	since when am i a dog ? that is quite rude !
ddpc-1435	no i graduated from there five years ago	right on . did you grow up near there ?	yes , where are you from ?	i live in england now , but i spent my childhood in the usa .	cool . i bet it is wonderful there	i have to study a lot for my courses , but it is definitely worth it .	i am deathly terrified of water so no marine biology for me lol	do you go out to the bars by your old university ? i do not drink often .	sometimes , i am mostly in my garden
ddpc-1436	how are you doing tonight ?	i am good , how about you ? had dinner yet ?
ddpc-1437	sure , it would bring back old memories . especially when my dad served in the military	that is awesome . what do you eat for breakfast ? mine is granola every day .	oatmeal fan over here . my parents were immigrants , they raised me on oats everyday .	that is very healthy . i like it . do you eat fish ?	yes i do eat fish . i love it	so do i . i just do not eat it in front of my aquarium .	ha ha . . . at least you are considered it of your fish .	i have to be , because it grosses me out to eat them while i watch some swim . lol
ddpc-1438	you just have to work it off bit by bit	i do not have a job	sorry to hear that , steal stuff then
ddpc-1439	hello . i am great , how are you ?	exhausted just got back from my nightly run . what are you doing ?	i bet ! i am practicing tae kwan do . i am a champion at it .	that sounds like a good workout . i bet you work up an appetite doing that .	sometimes ! my dad teaches it so i started young . i am only 12 .	oh nice ! do you have any pets ?	yes , a dog , you ? what state do you live in ?	i have a dog also and two cats they get along good though .	cool . i live in texas . i have never been to another state . how about you ?
ddpc-1440	maybe , only if i can play frisbee with my two large dogs .	are their names bruce and willis	that is amazing . how did you guess ?	us omnivores just know a thing or two about bruce willis
ddpc-1441	that is a busy schedule i am sure . i love speculative fiction fantasy especially .	do you ever play card games ?	i always manage to lose . that is why i stick to movie marathons .	what movies do you like then ?	lord of the rings is the best . you must play cards , huh ?	yeah i am a bit of a poker shark	go you ! i would lose all my money playing you .	i can give you lessons for a pretty low cost	i will keep that in mind . i am busy working on my next fantasy novel right now .	what is it about huh ?
ddpc-1442	oh can you swim or are you afraid of it ?	i can barely swim because of the fear . do you like swimming ?	i do like it , but i am dieting now so i am not strong enough	should dieting make a person weak ? maybe you should see a doctor .	my diet is extreme , i want to be healthy though eventually	i hope you are careful . i love eating healthy foods from my garden .
ddpc-1443	i am well , studying for an exam	for college or for what ?	yes college . working on a degree in marine biology	nice i love fish and that stuff	sounds fun , unlike kids my age i do not drink , smoke or party	straight edge is the way to go minor threat says	i guess . what do you do	i just go to the gym all day really	you must be very strong then
ddpc-1444	barnaby makes me happy . he likes vanilla ice cream .	who is barnaby , dear . i would like to know .	i like butter pecan ice cream . barnaby is my husband .	my favorite is vanilla . i also like cookie dough .
ddpc-1445	and the other position is what ?	movie critic for lord of the rings movies .	great ! i have a book out entitled 100 do not do it stories .	i would read it if it were a fantasy book .	the joker is my fave superhero .	i will write a fantasy book about him one day .	i will be your first customer .
ddpc-1446	hello , how are you today ?	i am good , just relaxing with my cross stitch project . how about you ?	hello , how are you today ?	i am good , just relaxing with my cross stitch project . how about you ?	i am hanging out with my sister and dog , ralph . they live with me .	oh , cool . my father lives with me as well . he was in the military and in war .	oh , wow . both of my parents are dead .	sorry to hear that . my mother is recently passed ; her and pa were proud immigrants .	that is awesome ! i live on an island edris island .	cool ! where is edris island ?	off the mainland . do you like to dance ? i love it .	i am an old baby boomer . not too great at dancing anymore .	oh . i am a young girl of mixed race .	dance is great exercise for a young one like yourself !
ddpc-1447	chic lit . you work or have any special hobbies ?	i like to play softball and volleyball . i guess that is considered a hobby .	oh okay . you still in school ? book covers and cd covers are interchangeable .	yes i am on my last year in college .	congratulations ! what is your major ? are you a team ?
ddpc-1448	well yes . yes i have both legs .	good ! you ever ride a wheelchair ?	erm , no . but i like weird stickers and i put them on my face .	i see . were your parents in the military ?	no . they were both artists . i want to learn to draw some day too .
ddpc-1449	do you know what you want to go to school for or do after ?	i am thinking about being a nurse . my aunt works in a hospital , and likes it .
ddpc-1450	i love pizza and ice cream .	pizza is so good . my four ex husbands hated it but i love it .	my favorite part of the day is watching tv with my husband	my favorite part is when i find a civil war antique , they are so unique
ddpc-1451	you just have to work it off bit by bit	i do not have a job	sorry to hear that , steal stuff then
ddpc-1452	i have 9 my hubby is a business owner	what kind of business does he own ?	he owns a car lot	do you get a new car every year then ?
ddpc-1453	that is for sure what do you like to do for fun	i love to hike ! what do you like to do	i like to read outside its so relaxing especially while the kids are at school	oh yes , i love being outside . do you work	no my husband works really long hours so i take care of the kids	that is nice , i am a single mom . it is not bad though	its not i enjoy it
ddpc-1454	what about pets ? i am terrified of dogs but bet your kids love them ?	i am an animal lover , we have a couple of cats and a dog too
ddpc-1455	i am a nurse love working with the elderly	brilliant . you must be very busy .	i usually am very busy ?
ddpc-1456	that would be an interesting task	whenever you come here , i can teach you to catch fish thru the ice
ddpc-1457	that i think will be hard work . do you want kids ?	not married and i m teaching geology before but i switched to hunting	that is quite a change up . i am single and loving it . no babies for me	i go for polar bear for food	can not say i have tried that .	fish i ice them usually	i work in a hospital on nicu unit	under like working in there are you having fun	for the most part . watching football too
ddpc-1458	hello there ! tell me about yourself ?	i for sure read an speak english	hello there ! tell me about yourself ?	i for sure read an speak english	that is helpful . i do as well and just graduated college .	i love pork , especially bacon .	bacon is good . i do not eat much meat though . do you have pets ?	really did not know lol , like bugs ? they are nasty .	bugs are okay but i prefer arizona , my cat .	what do you do for a living ? i engineer	right now i just play board games and read biographies .	cool what ever it takes for you	i just graduated and have not found work yet .	now me i make money all day	that sounds enjoyable to me !	yes it is i love it i need it	everyone has different goals , that is for sure
ddpc-1459	that is a sad life	my parents did not want to keep me , after all .	that is so sad . i am sorry
ddpc-1460	that must be warm in texas . what color is your fur ?	it is black and gray and white . salt and pepper like . do you have fur ?	no , but my pets do , have you always lived in texas	i have . have you always lived in the midwest ?	my dad was military so we moved often
ddpc-1461	my cat is named lily . small world .	lol it is for sure .	do you like any sports ?
ddpc-1462	my mom loves gardening . i help her sometimes .	what is she growing now ?
ddpc-1463	who does not like chips ? is it the crunch ?	yes it is , i do not care for the calories and the crunch
ddpc-1464	yes cats suck . gosh , did i mention i am transexual ?	no , you did not mention that but good to know . might be a good ending .	yes i agree ! have a good afternoon
ddpc-1465	i am good just got back from the gym	that is really cool , i am a jee	sounds cool what is that	sorry i meant jew i had a sneeze	haha no worries what do you do for a living	i travel right now and to different countries	that is great whats your favorite so far	i love europe it is very pretty and the people are nice	yeah i like it too i have not been in a while though	which country did you visit in europe	i went to italy a few years ago i would love to go back	did you eat any pizza	sometimes i eat a lot of meat and protein	that is very good , that way you can be healthy	yeah i work out a lot so it helos
ddpc-1466	good evening , i am taking a study break , how are you tonight ?	i am well . i just got home from hairdresser school .
ddpc-1467	it is a healthy life to live .	i do enjoy to read plays on my spare time though	what is your favorite play ?
ddpc-1468	no , no pets . but i loves horses , they are my favorite .	i work as a carpenter , stay at home mostly . kinda a loner	i like to build things . my pops sell cars but that is not for me .	i can not see my self as a salesman not good at socializing	i feel ya on that . i have social anxiety . hate going out .	i use to drink a lot and since i quit so did my friends	that is a good thing to quit . that is a biased opinion though .	i would agree that is it good . my friends were not true friends	nope . not if they bailed like that . that is garbage .	well that is human nature min . you are no fun people run .
ddpc-1469	me too ! how are you today ?	i love animals ! how about you !	me too ! how are you today ?	i am a bit busy but i love to meet people .	great ! what is your favorite animal ? i love riding horses on my dads farm	i love turtles ! i just bought one .	awe , i love turtles too . any hobbies ?	i love to play ultimate frisbee	cool . my favorite hobby is watching horror films	have you ever been to bora bora ?
ddpc-1470	oh cool . i am still in high school . i will be going to auburn next year .	really ? awesome you will love college
ddpc-1471	hey , i am great . other than recovering from surgery . how are you ?	hi ! how are you ? what are you doing right now ?	hey , i am great . other than recovering from surgery . how are you ?	oh no ! what happened ? i am taking a break from driving .	i tore up my knee playing frisbee with my 2 dogs . where are you driving to ?	i am driving a load to chicago . sorry about your knee . how is your recovery ?	its going well so far . an excuse to lay around . you drive truck ?
ddpc-1472	what kind of work do you do ?	fast food , i did not graduate high school so i do not have a good job	any job is a good job . you should be proud .	i suppose but i live in a small apartment in a low income place	the good thing is online courses can help you advance if you like .	no i like living in a small apartment and working in fast food , it gets me by	ok , well i like my golden retriever named ginger and watching titanic again .	i hate animals , never cared for them
ddpc-1473	yea but they can be stressful too , i like to go running to help with that	it sounds like you are not all in .
ddpc-1474	ballet mainly . i also work with animals .	that is so cool , you seem like a nice person	so do you ! what are your plans for the week ?	i am studying all week , you ?	just working , most likely the grind .	yeah got to stay on the grind	do you have any fun plans for the weekend ?
ddpc-1475	i really do not have a favorite ; what is your favorite ?	the office , followed by the walking dead .	the office i think if ok ; i am not sure about the latter .	have you been to disney ?	oh yes i have . it was a lot of fun . will you be going anytime soon ?
ddpc-1476	i spend all most all day in a school with my sea creature friends .	are you a fish ? i like fish . i am allergic to most other animals , like cats .	kind of . i have a tail as feet and wavy hair . are you ?	oh , so you are a mermaid . we do not have any mermaids in our small town .
ddpc-1477	just got off work mcdonalds is not cutting it i might go back to school	i am always trying to reserve for other but how are you	just got off work mcdonalds is not cutting it i might go back to school	i mean to say that introvert is my personality my cats serve them love me	i cant stop thinking of my real parents they aban	your parents that do they live in a faraway island just like me
ddpc-1478	same as me . have you considered a job that does something different ?	i love art and want to be a famous artist .	i am not a fan of art , but i am considering getting a college degree .	well it is either that or join the circus as an act with webbed toes
ddpc-1479	oh lord you work two jobs . wish i had your energy .	yes . it is very hard . i hope i do not burn out .	do you have a supportive family ? my husband is my world .	no . not really . but i am going to just keep going .
ddpc-1480	that sounds like fun ! i would like to do that , too	i hope we both get to do that someday
ddpc-1481	nah , probably just relax with a scotch . animal shelter ? ever been bit by a dog ?	yes ! i actually have come across a lot worse . they are having a party at the church .
ddpc-1482	the plants in my garden are dying from lack of water . please help .	wish i could . i keep a large garden as well .	will you help me ?	i am a little busy . i teach a college class in biology .	that makes me so sad .	maybe when i am free . i like walking in my spare time .	if we do not walk by water i would walk with you	sure . i also love travelling . been to six countries already !	have you been to ohio ?
ddpc-1483	well i have some heath issues , maybe i will try it	i do get it i do
ddpc-1484	i am doing ok , how about you ?	fine , me and my sister just got back from shopping .	that sounds like fun , did you get anything good ?	yes , i got a ruffled shirt . it is purple , has one shoulder and is really cute .	that is neat , did you get anything else ?	no , but my sister got some flip flops .	if you put those together you could make a great cosplay costume !
ddpc-1485	why can you not eat shellfish ?	i get sick and have a severe allergic reaction
ddpc-1486	only crazy people do not like iced tea .	that is true ice tea is loved everywhere now
ddpc-1487	hi . i am so tired from work . how are you ?	tired as well , kids get me busy in my kindergarten class	are you a teacher ? my youngest is in kindergarten .
ddpc-1488	great ! how are you ?	hello . how are you this evening ?	great ! how are you ?	i am alright , long day of pediatrics . , reading , and running ! all things i love .	oh wow , i just got my degree as a registered nurse !	that is really awesome ! my wife is a nurse , and my two children want to be doctors !	you are lucky to have a smart family . my sister keeps bugging me to settle down .	thank you . why do you not ? what else do you do ? i collect vintage cars .	vintage cars ? i spend my time at the mall . i love to buy clothes .	yes . old cars with historical significance . i love to wear cloths ! true story there .	i rather buy clothes than do anything else . i do not even have time to date .	that kind of sucks . but whatever makes you happy .	meh , marriage is overrated . i have a job and a great relationship with my sister .	like i said as long as that makes you happy . so what is your favorite color ?	green . do you and your wife wear the same color scrubs ?
ddpc-1489	he would need a monocle and a suit .	we could dress him up for sure . what else do you enjoy ?	anything the kiddo likes , she is my world .	i never had any kids with any of my four husbands	i do not have any either , i take care of my little sister .
ddpc-1490	blink three times and it becomes your superpower ! what do you like cooking ?	i am a actor model i do not cook and what i do i burn lol	i burn rice often ! it is cool that you act and model .	lots of hard work tho . i am very choosy on my pieces tho
ddpc-1491	that is funny . i used to live in california	the wonders of technology , lol . we are moving to florida soon .	it is lovely here . the sunsets are beautiful
ddpc-1492	are you a male or female fish ?	i am female . are you also ?
ddpc-1493	no what are your likes ?	i like pretty much everything	well then whare your dislikes lol	nothing pretty much how about you	i hate the snow and big crowds	do you have for we are in the car	i do not think i understand you
ddpc-1494	are you a male or female fish ?	i am female . are you also ?
ddpc-1495	i took in a stray cat . i fed him once and he never left .	that was sweet of you	yeah . i really love animals	so do you have any hobbies ?
ddpc-1496	you go ahead for the both of us lol	you do not like the beach ?	i love it why you ask ?
ddpc-1497	yes i do i like moving fast	bet my volkswagen beetle car would not help you with that
ddpc-1498	what can i say ? i am amazing lol	its almost as cool as lord of the rings . have you seen those movies ?	of course ! i love to dress up like a hobbit	does sparky dress up too ?	definitely . he likes to be e . t . though
ddpc-1499	hi i am from wisconsin and i do management consulting .	hello , i am a web designer .	in wisconsin i enjoy the cold and snow . do you like the snow ?	no , i do not . i like it hot .	what work do you do ?	i am a web designer , i do coding for several country musicians .
ddpc-1500	i attend church sunday faithfully . are you calling me violent ?	i would not fight you , instead i would have you over for italian food	as long as i can bring my family . they live right up the road	you can bring the family . do they like to sing ?	yes . we can also talk about the second ammendment and how you should not fear guns	lets get a my family against your family softball game going	that sounds like a lot of fun if i do say so m	you cannot beat home made italian food and a big game of sports	no you surely cannot . what else can you cook ?
ddpc-1501	hey , whats going on with you	just on my daily walk . favorite part of my day . you ?	just got my nails done a few minutes ago
ddpc-1502	i spend all most all day in a school with my sea creature friends .	are you a fish ? i like fish . i am allergic to most other animals , like cats .	kind of . i have a tail as feet and wavy hair . are you ?	oh , so you are a mermaid . we do not have any mermaids in our small town .
ddpc-1503	yes , i do , even though i do not see them much since i moved to the island .	do you get stir crazy living in a sort of isolated place ?
ddpc-1504	maybe when i am free . i like walking in my spare time .	if we do not walk by water i would walk with you	sure . i also love travelling . been to six countries already !	have you been to ohio ?	yes , but ohio is not a country , you know ?
ddpc-1505	hello . what are you up to ?	just bought a house ! figuring out where to put everything	hello . what are you up to ?	just bought a house ! figuring out where to put everything	cool . where did you buy a house at	san francisco ! what are you up to ?	oh . i live in a small pennsylvania town . i am making crafts
ddpc-1506	you go ahead for the both of us lol	you do not like the beach ?	i love it why you ask ?
ddpc-1507	hello . i am eating sausage and bacon for breakfast . what are you having ?	i just finished bacon and pancakes .	hello . i am eating sausage and bacon for breakfast . what are you having ?	i just finished bacon and pancakes .	as a doctor i should know to eat less bacon but it is just so god
ddpc-1508	it depends . personally , my favorite way to relax is to scroll through some clothes catalogs .	yeah ? a bit of a fashionista ?	definitely . i just love fashion , and i love clothes shopping . what about you ?	i am not one for clothes . i sit around in sweats to write .	i see . you are a writer , then ?	yes . short pieces , no novels here . what about yourself ?	i am a freshman in college . i really want to be a doctor though .	stick with it or you will have to run away with the circus like me ! ! lol
ddpc-1509	i am not very crafty but i like to write	i am very creative , i love taking on diy projects .	i am not very crafty but i like to write	i like staying active . i walk at least a mile everyday .	wow . i like to work out too . we can be friends	i like staying active . i walk at least a mile everyday .	i have all these yummy healthy recipes . i wrote a cookbook
ddpc-1510	stay at home with super loving husband and relax in front of the tv	it sounds like you have it pretty good !
ddpc-1511	yes , i have two brothers and a sister . do you have any ?	just one little brother brother . do you follow a special diet ? vegetarian or vegan ?
ddpc-1512	i bet . did you live in a crap low income apartment like i do it seems ?	i live in a 2 bedroom that i can no longer afford each months hbu	same , worse probably by the looks of it . whats your job ?	i teach 5 year olds	that is right , sorry . hobbies or interests besides the cat ?	i like to go out with friends and try new foods	oh cool . what have you found that is an unexpected favorite ?	vegan food . . thinking about making the switch
ddpc-1513	hi . just chilling to john denver after my work out . how about you ?	hi , just studying for my college exam . hows it going	hi . just chilling to john denver after my work out . how about you ?	hi , just studying for my college exam . hows it going	good . what are you taking in college ?	what kind of music do you like to listen to ?	john denver . how about you ?	i love playing sports so i am studying in the field of sports medicine .	interesting . work out each day myself . what sports do you like ?	what do you do on the weekends ?	spend time with my horses . you ?	what kind of horse do you have ? i hike .	a variety . my favorite is my arabian . i grew up on a ranch .	i am 22 how old are you ?	45 . but i do not look it . all the working out is working for me .	i grew up with morgans . i love horses .	beautiful horses . i garden and cook with fresh vegetables . do you have hobbies ?	i sew and try to garden . do you have kids ?
ddpc-1514	i am a truck driver so all i do is work and read mysteries every day	ever play second life ? i love it	i wanted to have a big family too and i ended up with 7 children	lucky you . kids are a handful	i do not know what second life is so i probably have not played it	it is fun . but a lot of people do not know about it
ddpc-1515	if i finished high school i would probably know how to be more fit	you should come work with me on my ranch !
ddpc-1516	yes i do . they always tell me jordan , move back home	i am sure they miss you . how long have you lived in florida ?	since i moved here for vet school . where do you live ?	i am from detroit . it is a tough place for a five foot tall woman .
ddpc-1517	boy am i tired ! just got done hunting . how are you ?	hey , not bad . hunting , that is cool . do you hunt for sport or meat ?	boy am i tired ! just got done hunting . how are you ?	hey , not bad . hunting , that is cool . do you hunt for sport or meat ?	meat , not sport . i take old classic cars and make them new again for a hobby .	awesome . i love meat . i eat a high protein meat based diet .	nice ! looking to rent a property any time soon ?	not me , but maybe for my brother . are you a realtor ?	no , but i work for a company and could hook you up with a good deal .	sweet . i do not work for a company , i do bodybuilding for a living .	no wonder you eat so much meat !	indeed ! so do you have any family ?	i have a husband and 2 kids . fun fact we are all allergic to shellfish .	i see ! so besides my brother i have my mom . she is a secretary .	are you close with your family ?	yes , not married and no kids , so my brother and mom are all i have . you ?
ddpc-1518	we ate way earlier . always by 630 . how about you ?	italian is my favorite so i am thinking along those lines .	sounds yummy ! do you work tomorrow ?	no . so i think i will read a book . probably about traveling .	i love traveling . i often quilt while my husband drives .	i do not drive much . walking long distances is what i do .	i am too old for much of that anymore . we prefer visiting great american landmarks .	europe is on my travel list . have you been there ?	we keep it to great american landmarks . we love seeing american history .	i have a big dog so i have to walk . do you have pets ?	we have a tiny lapdog . she likes to go on road trips with us .
ddpc-1519	are you in a relationship ?	no i live alone getting ready to retire soon maybe i will meet someone then .	i have a girlfriend . we live together .
ddpc-1520	hi , how are you tonight	i am fine . just watching some sports .	hi , how are you tonight	i am fine . just watching some sports .	monday night football ? what teams you like	i actually enjoy the steelers , do you ?	no way ! grew up california , i like the chargers	that is great . are you married ?	nope , are you . maybe will meet someone when move nyc jan	i am engaged for a wedding in december .	congrats hope it goes great	i am excited ! especially since we both are now college graduates !	what did you study college	history was my major . i worked in a museum .	cool ! sounds interesting . i like surfing to bad no degree for that	that sounds fun though ! i like to play many sports .	i like roller skating too will miss in nyc	i am sorry that you are worried about missing nyc .
ddpc-1521	i love horror novels the best	i love paranormal romance books .
ddpc-1522	hello how are you ?	good . just got done volunteering for the animal shelter . you ?	hello how are you ?	good . just got done volunteering for the animal shelter . you ?	i am currently watching the news i watch it every night	my parents taught and they always use to make me watch . so boring	i think it is good to know what is going on
ddpc-1523	what do you do for a job ?	i am a consultant for the dairy industry . being from wisconsin , it is perfect .
ddpc-1524	hey there how are you doing today ?	am am fine thanks you	i am good , just getting off work	ok how was work good i hope	it was good , sitting at a computer all day is hard . you have a job ?
ddpc-1525	maybe , only if i can play frisbee with my two large dogs .	are their names bruce and willis	that is amazing . how did you guess ?	us omnivores just know a thing or two about bruce willis
ddpc-1526	i am not surprised . trucks are very popular among country folks .	funny thing is i am from canada
ddpc-1527	ballet mainly . i also work with animals .	that is so cool , you seem like a nice person	so do you ! what are your plans for the week ?	i am studying all week , you ?	just working , most likely the grind .
ddpc-1528	i am wonderful just relaxing ready to begin a long work week .	i tend to eat fish sardines in the morning for breakfast do you ?	no i like barbecue more than fish .	yes good for you i like playing with the frisbee do you ? barbecue tasty .	i have tried it . i used my free time to lift weights . do you lift ?	no to heavy for me i love animals have two huge dogs .	dogs are awesome . i am a huge man that loves watching horror movies .	you seem to be a fun person to be around . i did not finish high school .	me either i drive a forklift in a warehouse where i work .	oh god do not look at our mistakes i guess nice person you are .	thank you and you are so kind .	thank you so much i had an operation on my underarm	wow what happened to it ?	god bless you stay sweet baby . good night hope to chat again .
ddpc-1529	really ? i really love animals !	so do i and they give me a reason to get out	that is the best reason to go outside in my opinion
ddpc-1530	not really ! i graduated last year with honors so she makes me do everything !	well at least you have a job , i wish i could get out of bed	have you tried physical therapy ? i do it after a soccer injury .	no i have not , it is hard to even breath	what do you do for fun ? like music ?	i lay here and look at the paint peal
ddpc-1531	going well , what do you do for a living ?	hello , how is your night going ?	going well , what do you do for a living ?	i am very young , but hope to be a professional dancer someday .	that is cool . what kind of dance ?	modern dance and ballet are my favorite . do you dance too ?	no , i am really into nutrition and fitness though .	oh nice . my father used to be very into fitness as well . do you play sports ?	not these days , i am mostly too busy with my dieting business to play many sports .	is the shop on edris island ? maybe i could stop in one day .	i am not sure where that is .	its where my sister , ralph and i live .	is ralph a pet of yours ?	yes , he is my dog . how did you know ?	crazy guess , what kind of dog is he ?
ddpc-1532	what kind of work do you do ?	fast food , i did not graduate high school so i do not have a good job	any job is a good job . you should be proud .	i suppose but i live in a small apartment in a low income place	the good thing is online courses can help you advance if you like .	no i like living in a small apartment and working in fast food , it gets me by	ok , well i like my golden retriever named ginger and watching titanic again .	i hate animals , never cared for them
ddpc-1533	hey there how are you now ?	hello how are you today	i am proud to be a usa citizen	me too my dream is to make it in new york in show biz	i bet what are you ?	i sing and act . i want to be on broadway one day	really ? my stomach hurts hold on
ddpc-1534	i am , until i go home . my mom and dad are there with my parents .	do you have any pets ?	i do not . i do not want the responsibility .	yeah tell me about it . i own 3 dogs	i am thinking about college .	which one were you planning on attending ?	i am not sure yet . depends on how tonight goes .	ok well let me know	i sure will . do you have any plans for tonight ?	i do not i am bored	that is too bad . do you watch tv ?	yes i love watching football on sundays	i do not understand football , or baseball .	i agree with you there
ddpc-1535	i am well how are you	hello how are you today	i am well how are you	i am doing great . its dreary so i am watching tv .	its nice here i am on the porch cross stitching	that sounds very relaxing . is it sunny ?	yes quite beautiful today . i love doing my crafts outside	what other crafts do you like	i enjoy quilting	that sounds nice . do you go to craft shows ?
ddpc-1536	that is amazing , i spend my time working out and listening to rap . how about you ?	at church reading the torah	that sounds nice . do you have any family ?	yes in fact i do , but t they hide the sweets from me	that must be rough , i have a brother and a father	nice ! do you go to church with them ?	i do go to church , we go out for vegan sushi afterwards !	sounds delicious ! i am fond of eel myself	do you enjoy rap music ? it is my favorite ?	i love the stuff , matisyahu is my favorite rapper	that is excellent , eminem is my favorite .
ddpc-1537	sales for which company ? will i have hear of it ?	i do online for a cable company	ohh cool , my brother works as a contractor for charter
ddpc-1538	very nice were you born early	i was born in day time . you ?	i was born very late at night	how old are you if you want to share	i am not sure really . you ?	haha how come you do not know your ages .	other people do not know either ?	lol we all know our ages . i am 24
ddpc-1539	hello ! what do you do for a living ?	i study but my hobby is modeling cars . you ?	i am a beautician and love it ! my hobby is sports , particularly football .	that sounds interesting . i just became a father . do you have a family ?	i especially enjoy viewing sunday night football on tv .	football is awesome . what is your favorite team	and my family consists of me and three dogs . my favorite team is the dolphins .	i love patriots . i have a dog too , her name is ginger .	my best friend likes the patriots . i am buying her a jersey for christmas , the holiday i love !
ddpc-1540	hello . how are you doing ?	okay i suppose . just got in from work at a fast food joint	hello . how are you doing ?	okay i suppose . just got in from work at a fast food joint	i am an attorney . i am always busy	bet that is a nice income	it is but it gets crazy . my two dogs keep me sane .	i am not an animal fan myself . low income apartments do not allow them anyway	understandable . where do you live ?	i live in the us . you ?	same . i live in oklahoma and i am native american	oh wow that is cool . you like to run ? that is what keeps me sane	i do not have much time for that . do you have any fears ?
ddpc-1541	yum ! i am a vet so i just got home . sick cat tonight	aww . listening to rap now , my favorite genre .	i prefer alternative . my name is jordan . what is yours	i am ashley . i live with my dad and brother . my mom passed . you ?	my mom actually passed too . dad also	oh boy . it is tough to deal . do you work out ? i enjoy it a lot .	i do work out . i am also a musician	i love listening to music while i work out . so where are you from ?	originally california , however i live in florida at the moment	nice weather there . we are in maine .	i have always wanted to visit there	getting chilly now tho . it is beautiful tho .
ddpc-1542	the plants in my garden are dying from lack of water . please help .	wish i could . i keep a large garden as well .	will you help me ?	i am a little busy . i teach a college class in biology .	that makes me so sad .	maybe when i am free . i like walking in my spare time .	if we do not walk by water i would walk with you	sure . i also love travelling . been to six countries already !	have you been to ohio ?
ddpc-1543	batman was fabulous in theaters .	do you have any pets then	no . i am allergic to everything but gold fish . do you have pets ?	i have one named after an always sunny character	love it . sounds like a pet bird .
ddpc-1544	i was born in south carolina you ? i am a singer	no i m allergic to the fair of cats traps are usually do it	my name is joanna and i like horror films	i do crafts for ordering the pham	interesting , what do you do for work ?	in a very small town that s where i need	i can understand that .	i mean that s where i live how about you	big city now . helps with my career in singing	so what do you see any music you sing	mostly country . like the way it makes me feel and relates to life	you re awesome i hope i can do that	took a very long time for me to land a deal .
ddpc-1545	i did not finish high school to follow my dreams . dropped out .	in my opinion you need high school .	i can always fall back on truck driving .
ddpc-1546	i work in litigation for criminal law suits . i love rock . what about you ?	i like it all . i love country . i can like to sing .
ddpc-1547	you drink sweet tea , right ?	yes i love ice tea	only crazy people do not like iced tea .
ddpc-1548	i love blue hair , my live in girlfriend has blue hair too !	fun ! i would probably like her . california all the way baby . where are you from ?	maryland , studying law at johns hopkins	cool . maybe i will go to college there . homeschooling right now .	that is cool ; do you have pets ? my dog max says hi .	hi , max . no pets , but i have a robot . she is my best friend .	robots are great , i take mine on all my travel adventures .	yeah . they are the best , are not they ?	yes , better than some humans !	that is for sure . that is why my parents home school me .
ddpc-1549	no way , ice is more fun and bear steaks are a delight	the ocean and fresh seafood are my cup of tea !
ddpc-1550	hi ! do you enjoy walking ? i am going out for a walk in my garden	i do enjoy walking ! i love to put my headphones on and walk around .	hi ! do you enjoy walking ? i am going out for a walk in my garden	i do enjoy walking ! i love to put my headphones on and walk around .	my college students always have headphones in . drives me nuts !
ddpc-1551	he is a popular musician , haha ! what hobbies do you have ?	i have kids , lol . my hobbies are napping , wine and baths .	i myself enjoy pokey , long runs , and then wine with a bath ; d	i used to run . ever do the run disney races ?
ddpc-1552	blink three times and it becomes your superpower ! what do you like cooking ?	i am a actor model i do not cook and what i do i burn lol	i burn rice often ! it is cool that you act and model .	lots of hard work tho . i am very choosy on my pieces tho
ddpc-1553	i only work part time right now at a restaurant that my mother owns .	do you have a big family ?
ddpc-1554	i am pretty good . just got the kids to bed	i still need to do that , i am a single dad	how many kids do you have ? i have 2	3 2 boys and girl	both of mine are girls . how old are you ? i am 34	40 years old , what you do for living , single ?	i work in real estate . i have been there for awhile	nice ! i work on airplanes , love working with my hands	nice . that is really impressive .	how old are your girls ?	they are both five years old . twins
ddpc-1555	i am very lucky we live beside the beach . what do you do for a living	i keep busy with my seven children .	wow that much have taken some adjusting i teach kindergarten	do you reach mysteries to your children ? they are my favorite type of novel .
ddpc-1556	oh really hope they were nice people that is what counts .	they were . california is on fire !
ddpc-1557	cool . i love christmas , what is your favorite holiday	christmas is probably mine too haha	awesome ! ! ! i love all the decorations	what is your favorite color ?	everything green , what is yours	green too ! what a small world haha	we could totally be friends lol	yeah what is your name huh ?	my name is jamie , yours ?
ddpc-1558	he would need a monocle and a suit .	we could dress him up for sure . what else do you enjoy ?	anything the kiddo likes , she is my world .	i never had any kids with any of my four husbands	i do not have any either , i take care of my little sister .
ddpc-1559	and the other position is what ?	movie critic for lord of the rings movies .	great ! i have a book out entitled 100 do not do it stories .	i would read it if it were a fantasy book .	the joker is my fave superhero .	i will write a fantasy book about him one day .	i will be your first customer .
ddpc-1560	i am 24 . i finished college in may . now looking for a job .	i graduated in may too . it is tough . had to take odd jobs to make ends meet .	what do you do now ? do you work ?	i worked through the summer full time , but i intern and do online work too .
ddpc-1561	hi want to be friends with me	hello , are you a musician ?	hi want to be friends with me	hello , are you a musician ?	i am how did you know	i am as well , small world .	my father was a cop . he was not thrilled when i started a band	mine was too . i love nirvana .	i bet we could go for a morning jog together	that would be wonderful , have you ever done run disney ?	i am planning a trip soon	where are you going ? i would love to go to ireland .	ha i meant to disney . but yeah ireland would be cool	i want to go everywhere , but do not have that kind of money .	me either . pet smart does not pay well
ddpc-1562	my family consists of 4 , myself , one sibling , and 2 parents .	i hate families . i prefer to be alone .	i am short at 5 ft tall . how about you ?	i am 5 ft and 6 in tall . i weigh 220 pounds and its all muscle .	that sounds very nice , yes .	what is your favorite drink ? mine has to be water . i love water	i love pepsi , it is the best .	if i want to keep this amazing body , i can not drink any of that .	but it tastes so wonderful !
ddpc-1563	hello , how are you today ?	i am good , just relaxing with my cross stitch project . how about you ?	hello , how are you today ?	i am good , just relaxing with my cross stitch project . how about you ?	i am hanging out with my sister and dog , ralph . they live with me .	oh , cool . my father lives with me as well . he was in the military and in war .	oh , wow . both of my parents are dead .	sorry to hear that . my mother is recently passed ; her and pa were proud immigrants .	that is awesome ! i live on an island edris island .	cool ! where is edris island ?
ddpc-1564	lol . i grew up on a farm , it does not bother me .	do you have any hobbies ? i love to hike .	i hike , but mainly i like to go camping with my brothers .	do you like to read ? i read a whole ton of poetry .
ddpc-1565	i am well . how are you ?	i am doing great just got back from the beach	that is great . i live far from the beach .	i am very lucky we live beside the beach . what do you do for a living
ddpc-1566	well , i was listening taylor swift !	is that what you need your free time listen to music i read for my	yeah , i also ride horses	i do you bake cookies homemade for my kids	how many kids do you have	i only have two for now but i want a huge number of family	do you have girls ? or ?	i have one boy and one girl then my husband do his own business running it	i am sure that is a lot of money ! i actually want to paint my room !	do you know how to paint rooms though	a little bit , yeah . also , i do own a grocery store !	i bet that is so cool	what do you do fro fun ?	i usually go reading good books
ddpc-1567	i am doing well a bit tired .	what did you do today ?
ddpc-1568	i have 2 cats so same	cute ! what are their names ?	cat and kitten . i am very original
ddpc-1569	hi i am david . i love to play poker and run .	hi my name is lauren . i like to gamble and play games . what about you	hi i am david . i love to play poker and run .	i also enjoy poker . i like running but prefer swimming	what do you do for a living ?
ddpc-1570	hello , how are you today ?	a little upset , listening to some pop punk to cheer me up .	hello , how are you today ?	a little upset , listening to some pop punk to cheer me up .	oh no . what s wrong ? i m more of a county guy but each to his own .	i clean up after dogs for a living , it can be hard .	dog walker or pet shop ? i m not working at the moment .	i work at an adoption center , are you looking for work ?	i m off on disability . not having to work sounds fun until you do it	understandable , do you have any pets ? mine are the lights of my life .	too hard to look after with mobility issues . i like children better .	i see , how long have you been disabled ?	i ve always had hip issues . only this bad for a year .	hmm , i am usually pretty negative , but i hope things get better for you .
ddpc-1571	i am doing well , and you ?	i am doing great ! its my favorite time of the year
ddpc-1572	watching some youtube videos about hiking	i like watching youtube , i watch videos on makeup
ddpc-1573	that would be an interesting task	whenever you come here , i can teach you to catch fish thru the ice
ddpc-1574	woah your super fancy are u rich	no not really deserve all privileges	all my military money i brought a fancy house	wow that is pretty awesome where is it though	california i used to live in philadelphia	which one do you prefer better	california . in love with the weather
ddpc-1575	hello , how are you this evening ?	i am doing great . just watching a movie .	hello , how are you this evening ?	i am doing great . just watching a movie .	that is fun ! where did you work in high school ? i worked at hollister .	i worked at dairy queen . i am in school now .	ah , cool . i skate for a living .	what kind of skating do you do ?	skateboarding . i like to play music for fun . my genre is bluegrass .	i used to skateboard . now i just study and play video games .	those are fun activities . do you like chips ? i cannot stand them .
ddpc-1576	i love acting ! i did theater in high school .	i hope to see a lot of shows when i get there .	there are some great ones . i really want to see hamilton .
ddpc-1577	which one are you playing and for what system	its for xbox 360 and its modern warfare	i never play modern warfare but i love the first black ops	its very addicting tho . i love it .
ddpc-1578	did have to see the judge or did you cut a deal ?	i actually saw the judge and had a case . it was scary .	i bet it was . what was the outcome ?
ddpc-1579	hi . i am so tired from work . how are you ?	tired as well , kids get me busy in my kindergarten class	are you a teacher ? my youngest is in kindergarten .
ddpc-1580	i do not drive since i work at home and online so much .	cool , i have a cute slug bug lol
ddpc-1581	hey there how are you today ?	hi . good . just quilting tonight . tomorrow night i will cross stitch .	i spend a great deal of time at school	that is great ! education here is great . my parents taught me to value it .	i love the ocean me an my friends explore together	my parents came here from across the ocean . proud immigrants .	how is your hair ? my hair is long an all the way to my tail .	wow . you have a tail ? my hair is average . baby boomer hair style .
ddpc-1582	haha sure . except on sundays . that is when i watch football	that is okay , i spend my weekends hiking , usually .	oh that sounds fun . i am about to order pizza . want some ?	i would love some ! but make it two . . . for each boy !	haha i order 3 large cheese pizzas for me and my doggies	i may only be an accountant but . . . pretty sure dogs should not eat pizza
ddpc-1583	that sounds like a cool hobby . i enjoy restoring classic cars	before spaceships , i started on modeling classic cars !	so you understand the appeal	the real thing must be way better .
ddpc-1584	i guess i am ! i do coding and web design work . what about you ?	that sounds like fun . i am an animal care tech
ddpc-1585	i work as a science fiction writer . what do you do ?	that sounds cool . i am a lawyer	i need a lawyer , lol . are you a good one ?	as long as you can try me
ddpc-1586	hello ! my name is ryan . you ?	hello ! what is your name ?	hello ! my name is ryan . you ?
ddpc-1587	that is very nice , what is your favorite meal ?	i love cooking italian food . i have to be honest , i am a republican .	so you are a realist
ddpc-1588	oh okay . what line of work are you in ? hmmm , wild rabbit muffins ?	i just body build mostly . how do you like being an rn ?
ddpc-1589	pretty good do you work	yes . part time as a free lance writer and part time at a coffee shop . you ?	i am a student but stay active
ddpc-1590	i used to play the drums back in my day . what do you play ?	i play guitar and lead singer	i loved a singer once back in afghanistan .	is it a big change coming here or easy to adjust	i was a military man . stationed there 2 years .	o ok how was it . thank you for your service	great way to serve . i would still be active if i had not lost my leg .	i am sorry to hear that . but i am sure your leg does not define who you are	thank you for that . you are correct . i get along without it .	how many siblings do you have i got 3 sisters
ddpc-1591	yep . wish i had more friends , but they kept losing to me in poker .	haha ! i am awful at poker . cannot keep a straight face	need to go to europe just for the new chances to win .	just need an escape plan for if things go south !	i hear you . do have some other hobbies ?	just baking homemade dog treats . what about you ?
ddpc-1592	which one are you playing and for what system	its for xbox 360 and its modern warfare	i never play modern warfare but i love the first black ops	its very addicting tho . i love it .
ddpc-1593	my best friend since kindergarten and i like to go fishing .	that is so great . do you ever go with your parents ?	with my dad . he loves fishing . my mom not so much .
ddpc-1594	hi , you like purple ? i love it . tracy here and i love pizza . you ?	my passion is preserving the environment . i sell houses for money , though .	good for you ! i am a rn . catholic and love one tree hill .	i have two children and i tend to be drawn to agnosticism .	great ! i see many things at the hospital i work . real estate business good ?
ddpc-1595	that is funny . my wife says the same thing .	great minds think alike is what i always say .
ddpc-1596	what do you mean lol lol	trying to run out time , two can play at that !	who is ? you asked me something i did not get lol
ddpc-1597	yes i am an engineer	oh that probably is good money huh ?
ddpc-1598	photography . i think i could make a decent living at it .	that would be an awesome job ! is photography a hobby of yours ?
ddpc-1599	i am not very crafty but i like to write	i am very creative , i love taking on diy projects .	i am not very crafty but i like to write	i like staying active . i walk at least a mile everyday .	wow . i like to work out too . we can be friends	i like staying active . i walk at least a mile everyday .	i have all these yummy healthy recipes . i wrote a cookbook
ddpc-1600	hi there , how are you tonight ?	i am tired was a long day at the office . how about you ?	hi there , how are you tonight ?	i am tired was a long day at the office . how about you ?	me too . been studying for class .	what class are you studying for ?	i am going to school to be a lawyer .	oh i bet that is a lot of studying . do you listen to music when you study ?	not usually . my dog max does not care for music .	oh i enjoy listening to oldies music when i am working at my desk all day .	are you in a relationship ?	no i live alone getting ready to retire soon maybe i will meet someone then .	i have a girlfriend . we live together .	nice do you like to go out to eat ? i enjoy finding good barbeque restaurants .	yeah , i do enjoy going out .	what do you do when you go out ? i go to the gym and play racquetball .	i mean going out to eat .
ddpc-1601	congratulations ! single mom of 2 boys here . how are you ?	i am great ! i just watched titanic again , for the 10th time !	great movie . i do not have a lot of free time these days .	that sucks . i just studied model cars in my year abroad . . . its my hobby	that sounds interesting . i collect decorations from the 50s . do you like cars from that era ?	i do , but mostly i like ginger , my retriever now . tell me more about you	i am going to school to be a hairdresser . i really like it .	i cannot imagine doing that , i mostly just play with cars and watch titanic	and have a wonderful new pal in ginger ! i just have exotic fish .	fishes are cool too . i just wish they did more than swim and eat !
ddpc-1602	my mom was a firefighter an my dad a teacher	that is cool your moms a firefighter . you do not see many woman firefighters .
ddpc-1603	was not sure if you travel alot . where are you studying ?	i travel when i can mostly only during breaks or local type adventures .	do you like the outdoors ? hiking and such ?
ddpc-1604	i am going to school to be a lawyer .	oh i bet that is a lot of studying . do you listen to music when you study ?	not usually . my dog max does not care for music .	oh i enjoy listening to oldies music when i am working at my desk all day .	are you in a relationship ?	no i live alone getting ready to retire soon maybe i will meet someone then .	i have a girlfriend . we live together .	nice do you like to go out to eat ? i enjoy finding good barbeque restaurants .	yeah , i do enjoy going out .
ddpc-1605	i am from upstate newyork how is wisconsin ?	cold and snowy , at least in a few months . i love it .	i like the snow what is your favorite snow activity that you like to do ?	skiing . that and curling with my two brothers .	i never tried skiing maybe one day . how old are your brothers ?	they are both older than me at 29 and 31 . do you have siblings ?	i have one sibling 17 a sister	siblings can be a lot of fun . do you like music ? i enjoy metallica .	yes i love music and metallica is okay do u like korn ?	i have never heard their music .
ddpc-1606	wow ! overseas ? i am a property manager . your going to be a good father . you sing ?	i do not sign but i love collecting model cars	that is great ! i hunt quail with my ex , doug . you need an apartment ?	no apartment . i have a do named ginger she is a golden retriever	oh okay . you have shellfish allergies ? i do .	no allergies . my favorite movie is titanic , i watched it ten times .	again ! did ginger the do die or was she just slow ?
ddpc-1607	got any fears there buddy ?	loosing my husband that i love so much	is he dying i am sorry
ddpc-1608	boy am i tired ! just got done hunting . how are you ?	hey , not bad . hunting , that is cool . do you hunt for sport or meat ?	boy am i tired ! just got done hunting . how are you ?	hey , not bad . hunting , that is cool . do you hunt for sport or meat ?	meat , not sport . i take old classic cars and make them new again for a hobby .	awesome . i love meat . i eat a high protein meat based diet .	nice ! looking to rent a property any time soon ?	not me , but maybe for my brother . are you a realtor ?	no , but i work for a company and could hook you up with a good deal .	sweet . i do not work for a company , i do bodybuilding for a living .	no wonder you eat so much meat !	indeed ! so do you have any family ?	i have a husband and 2 kids . fun fact we are all allergic to shellfish .	i see ! so besides my brother i have my mom . she is a secretary .	are you close with your family ?	yes , not married and no kids , so my brother and mom are all i have . you ?
ddpc-1609	nice are you retired yet ?	not quite , i work for a real estate company that deals in rentals . you work ?	yeah remember the horses ? i want to retire though	oh so you compete with the horses ? why do you want to retire ?	i am just tired and want to retire soon
ddpc-1610	hello , how are you tonight ? are you a gamer like me ?	i am good . you ? i am more of a writer .	i write a lot at work , so i have other interests .	writing is my work , so i cant get out of it if i tried	i am in computer science , so i build spaceships .
ddpc-1611	good afternoon , how are you ?	hi , i enjoy watching sports on sunday .	good afternoon , how are you ?
ddpc-1612	i think i have heard of them , i am not sure . do you have pets ?	i have a cat , and they are more rock then metal	i love cats , so many orphaned ones come into my store , i want them all !	lol . tht is how my old lady is . always have to bring home a stray	i am a cashier at petsmart , i play with them when nobody is in store hehe	i would play with them when people were at the store ! lol	my dad is the police chief , so i have a habit of following rules . . . but cats !
ddpc-1613	yes . i go to the zoo all the time to watch the bears .	sounds fun but i prefer to stay at home and watch tv with the hubby	it is nice to have someone to share activities with .	my husband is such a sweetheart . everyone loves him , especially me	how sweet . have you ever seen a green bear ?	no i have not . have you ?	no . it is my favorite color so i am on the hunt for one !	haha good luck ! maybe i can find a movie about a green bear
ddpc-1614	hello ! how are you doing ?	i am doing fine . i am currently on the road i am a truck driver	i am in the army	oh sounds like fun but very demanding .	i see blue and its really green .	are you colorblind ? have you gone to see the doctor	yes i am . i like to sing what about you ?
ddpc-1615	hello ! good evening . how are you ?	hey there ! a little tired , just finished my mile walk , you ?	hello ! good evening . how are you ?	hey there ! a little tired , just finished my mile walk , you ?	nothing much just staying in my bed .	i am about to do the same , curl up with my siamese cat	what time is it in your town ?	almost one am , what bout you ?
ddpc-1616	hi there . how are you tonight ?	good . is english your native tongue ? it is mine .	yes it is . what do you do for work ? i am employed at a research facility .	i work as an engineer , but i cannot stand any bugs that i find while working .	i have to clean cages at work . my real dream is to be a professional artist .	that sounds very creative . do you like music ? bach is my favorite .	people donate their trash so i can make sculptures . i prefer mozart .	how cool you make sculptures . i love bacon and tried to make a sculpture with some .	that is really cool ! i like watching shows featuring creative cooking like that .	i also watch cooking shows ! great way to get recipe ideas .	tell me something unique about you . my toes are webbed and i am short 5 feet .	i have a small mole on my chin . what color is your hair ?	i have dark hair , almost black .	is your hair long or short ?
ddpc-1617	hi i am eating my favorite beef jerky . how are you ?	hello doing good just listening to music	they say we should not eat meat but its ok , i am a doctor	i wish there was a pill to make me taller . i am only five feet .	eat a lot of meat like i do . it will make you taller	in my family i am the only short one of four people .	they have pills for everything now but not to make you taller	i know my brother teases me all the time about it .	i only have 1 brother so i am the tallest and smartest	my brother is one year older than me we are in high school .	you can be a bodybuilder like me . then people will be scared of you	i need to build about strength that sounds good .	forget about being short . just get in good shape and you will be fine	yes , i should start working out to make myself stronger
ddpc-1618	i m good i just spent time with my family	well , i was listening taylor swift !	is that what you need your free time listen to music i read for my	yeah , i also ride horses	i do you bake cookies homemade for my kids	how many kids do you have	i only have two for now but i want a huge number of family	do you have girls ? or ?	i have one boy and one girl then my husband do his own business running it	i am sure that is a lot of money ! i actually want to paint my room !	do you know how to paint rooms though	a little bit , yeah . also , i do own a grocery store !
ddpc-1619	hello . i am eating sausage and bacon for breakfast . what are you having ?	i just finished bacon and pancakes .	hello . i am eating sausage and bacon for breakfast . what are you having ?	i just finished bacon and pancakes .	as a doctor i should know to eat less bacon but it is just so god
ddpc-1620	hi i am eating my favorite beef jerky . how are you ?	hello doing good just listening to music	they say we should not eat meat but its ok , i am a doctor	i wish there was a pill to make me taller . i am only five feet .	eat a lot of meat like i do . it will make you taller	in my family i am the only short one of four people .	they have pills for everything now but not to make you taller	i know my brother teases me all the time about it .	i only have 1 brother so i am the tallest and smartest	my brother is one year older than me we are in high school .	you can be a bodybuilder like me . then people will be scared of you	i need to build about strength that sounds good .	forget about being short . just get in good shape and you will be fine	yes , i should start working out to make myself stronger
ddpc-1621	my three dogs love to cheese pizza too	can they even eat that ?
ddpc-1622	i know taekwondo and i am a huge fan of pastas and italian foods	i see but can you sing and dance ?	i can sing ! i sing a choir that really fills up my free time	great ! you ever left your state . i have not .	well working with kids who have had troubled pasts has helped me do so	really ? i do rollercoasters at amusement parks . you ?	i love rollercoasters . we actually take the kids to theme parks sometimes .
ddpc-1623	mine is orange i eat alot of orange candy	i like oranges ! i went to ohio state and studied horticulture .	did you enjoy it ? what do you do for fun ?	loved college , not work so much . i like to polka dance for fun .	yeah ? have a outfit to polka in ?	yep , and it pretty sweet . polka is like clogging , very good exercise and fun .	have someone to go polka with ?	my boyfriend butch , he is a big time polka band leader and dance too .	very cool how long have you been dating ? i am looking for love in the office	office romances are trouble , too much time together . go for their friends .
ddpc-1624	that actually helps ? nothing really helps , e	it does . that and tai chi . its calming .	i might try that the only thing that normally helps is being around my dog	dogs are cool . what kind of dog do you have ?	he is a chihuahua dachshund mix
ddpc-1625	well , i have a simple job . but i do like some hard rock .	yeah , who is your favorite artist ?	i recently got a guitar signed by metallica , so i really like metallica , obviously .	lars is the best ! the endurance of drummers , right ?	yes ! i have been to several concerts and they never disappoint .	have you ever seen dave matthews band ?
ddpc-1626	would you like to visit australia ?	most definitely . i want to travel the world .
ddpc-1627	same here ! you live in the city too ? or more country ?	i would say country since i have a big garden	that is awesome ! i live in a really big city ! i like walking to work lol	i love the gym , i go daily .	you sound pretty active ! i am an introvert and usually paint in spare time .	i do not lol i grew up on a horse ranch	so you must like country music ? ! taylor swift is my fav
ddpc-1628	we ate way earlier . always by 630 . how about you ?	hi ! what do you have planned for dinner ?	we ate way earlier . always by 630 . how about you ?	italian is my favorite so i am thinking along those lines .	sounds yummy ! do you work tomorrow ?	no . so i think i will read a book . probably about traveling .	i love traveling . i often quilt while my husband drives .	i do not drive much . walking long distances is what i do .	i am too old for much of that anymore . we prefer visiting great american landmarks .	europe is on my travel list . have you been there ?	we keep it to great american landmarks . we love seeing american history .	i have a big dog so i have to walk . do you have pets ?	we have a tiny lapdog . she likes to go on road trips with us .	that is cute ! i have a lap dog as well . she does not walk much .	so , what do you do for a living ?
ddpc-1629	at least you are active ! what position ? i played outfield in high school	it helps with the work stress . i played second base . do you like to cook ?	i love to cook . i make a mean baked chicken ! haha	ooh , i love italian food , especially lasagna . do you have a favorite ?	i really like tacos but not a mexican food fan . i love chinese food	odd . you need a singer in your metal band ? the church choir bores me .	haha . i actually do . true story there .	great , maybe i can scream for your hardcore band instead of at these kids .
ddpc-1630	i love a grilled steak . my best friends got married last week . you married ?	oh how nice , no not yet .	i love dear mama by pac .	one of my favorite songs . what kind of book covers do you design ?	chic lit . you work or have any special hobbies ?	i like to play softball and volleyball . i guess that is considered a hobby .	oh okay . you still in school ? book covers and cd covers are interchangeable .	yes i am on my last year in college .	congratulations ! what is your major ? are you a team ?	what kind of shoes do you sell ?
ddpc-1631	that is awesome ! i would be afraid of all the insects while playing	i am too salty from eating sardines for breakfast every day .	well that sounds gross . i prefer bacon
ddpc-1632	hello , my leg is really giving me pain today .	hey how are you today	hello , my leg is really giving me pain today .	i am sorry hope you feel better soon .	thank you . what are you doing ?	getting ready to take my wife and kids to dinner	i am just about to cook dinner ; what will you order ?
ddpc-1633	hello , how are you today ?	great ! how are you ?	i am doing well ! listening to tim mcgraw . he is my favorite singer .	heart is my favorite band , but i like some country too .	what do you do for a living ?	i am a mom to three kids so whatever i need to . you
ddpc-1634	i am tired i used to do military work	hey i m from new york how are you
ddpc-1635	where do you live while in school ? i live with my girlfriend and dog , max .	i live in texas . i have two years left . then off i go	fun ! do you have any hobbies ?	swimming . you ? student life does not leave me much free time .	my free time is also very limited i try to travel as much as possible , though .
ddpc-1636	i have done martial arts my whole life . i am into kung fu mostly .	that is awesome ! i am a champion , so i might try kung fu next .
ddpc-1637	the healthiest that i get is eating granola	i have heard granola is good with milk . but the only thing i drink is water	wow you seem really healthy	it takes a lot of time , so i am currently single . but i like being single	i am single too ! i wish i went to the gym more	maybe we could go to the gym together sometime !
ddpc-1638	i am tired i used to do military work	hey i m from new york how are you
ddpc-1639	sure . are you male or female ?	hi want to get to know each other	sure . are you male or female ?	i am a girl , are you ?	nope . a man . like a 40 yr old man so . . . . . . .	ha . well age does not bother me we can still be friends	unless you are under 18 , lol .	i got my first tattoo when i turned 18	what is your tattoo of ?	a butterfly , is that too cliche	is it on your lower back ? my daughter wants one , ugh !
ddpc-1640	yes , i do . a vintage beetle . it was my dads first car .	wow that is very nice ! he gives you that car ?
ddpc-1641	i do not think i could stare at numbers all day	yeah , its hard sometimes . i hike when i can with my sons	i like being outdoors and partying a little when we do not have a show to play .	sounds like fun . where do you play ?	we are fairly popular , so all up and down the east coast .	i am in ohio , ever play there ?
ddpc-1642	i just graduated . working at a fast food joint now .	nice , do you like music ? whenever i am not working i listen to music	what kind of music ? i just work to help my aunt and uncle out .
ddpc-1643	good . tired , i was teaching kindergarten most of the day .	hi how are you today	good . tired , i was teaching kindergarten most of the day .	what is your party affiliation ?	i lean conservative . how about you ?	i am 100 republican	i have a husband and a child to think about . i voted party line .	yeah i also teach and stuff	very cool ! my kids i teach love my convertible mustang .	i have a lot of kids	right on . what grade do you teach ?	kindergarten kids mostly yeah yup
ddpc-1644	that is good and same here sadly	waiting for my next model spaceship to be delivered .	o are those hard to assemble	not too hard , just fun while i am not playing videogames	what video games you play ?
ddpc-1645	hey there how are you today ?	i am good . you ? what do you do for a living ?	hey there how are you today ?	i am good . you ? what do you do for a living ?	i am in the stock market industry	i used to by a geology teacher . now , i go arctic exploring . ice is interesting .	how about yourself ? i miss my old folks .	i am in search for lost explorers . i want to help them to go home .	really ? where are you looking at ?	north pole . it is where i learn to ice fish and hunt polar bears to eat .	cool , any pets i have 1 , charlie .	i have a husky . he is my true companion in the harsh cold weather .	i bet ! whats your favorite food ?	i really miss a bowl of spaghetti and meatballs . yours ?	no only i like eggplant parmigiana , ever had it ?	yes , i have . it is pretty tasty .
ddpc-1646	i am a gardener , i love plants	i love to hike and love art .	that is very cool have you seen any bears	yes i have seen one . do you like stickers ?	i do not like stickers , what is the best bear	i collect stickers ! do you know how to draw ?	i do know how to draw i love to draw eggplants	i want to learn how	it is easy just draw everything with purple , it is my favorite color
ddpc-1647	what is your favorite dish to cook	i adore anything with onions . do you eat healthy ?
ddpc-1648	that is very nice , what is your favorite meal ?	i love cooking italian food . i have to be honest , i am a republican .	so you are a realist
ddpc-1649	i am 5 ft and 6 in tall . i weigh 220 pounds and its all muscle .	that sounds very nice , yes .	what is your favorite drink ? mine has to be water . i love water	i love pepsi , it is the best .	if i want to keep this amazing body , i can not drink any of that .
ddpc-1650	i am , until i go home . my mom and dad are there with my parents .	do you have any pets ?	i do not . i do not want the responsibility .	yeah tell me about it . i own 3 dogs
ddpc-1651	hello . how are you doing ?	okay i suppose . just got in from work at a fast food joint	hello . how are you doing ?	okay i suppose . just got in from work at a fast food joint	i am an attorney . i am always busy	bet that is a nice income	it is but it gets crazy . my two dogs keep me sane .	i am not an animal fan myself . low income apartments do not allow them anyway	understandable . where do you live ?	i live in the us . you ?	same . i live in oklahoma and i am native american	oh wow that is cool . you like to run ? that is what keeps me sane	i do not have much time for that . do you have any fears ?
ddpc-1652	me either . not since i quit working there and began writing short stories .	what are some of your stories like ?
ddpc-1653	i am a gardener , i love plants	i love to hike and love art .	that is very cool have you seen any bears	yes i have seen one . do you like stickers ?	i do not like stickers , what is the best bear	i collect stickers ! do you know how to draw ?	i do know how to draw i love to draw eggplants	i want to learn how	it is easy just draw everything with purple , it is my favorite color
ddpc-1654	yes , i do , even though i do not see them much since i moved to the island .	do you get stir crazy living in a sort of isolated place ?
ddpc-1655	i am single but live my girl and pet turtle	that is awesome . any other pets ? my pups name is max .	i have a dog and we play frisbee together
ddpc-1656	i am a life coach teacher who loves to read . you ?	perhaps you can help me . i recently quit high school	i am a life coach teacher who loves to read . you ?	perhaps you can help me . i recently quit high school
ddpc-1657	i have been doing community service for stealing .	oh no ! well at least that will take it off of your record
ddpc-1658	in may i graduated . do you work ?	i am an office secretary . have to run off those chocolate calories now .	hehe you have too . try to eat healthy food not junky .	that is no fun . so , do you work ?	not yet i am looking for a job .	good luck . it is difficult to break into the work force sometimes .
ddpc-1659	i am jess . how are you doing ?	hi ! my name is jenny , what is your name ?	i am jess . how are you doing ?	i am doing really well , thank you . do you have any hobbies ?	i like singing ! what about you ?	i was never a good singer . i practice tae kwan do with my dad .
ddpc-1660	got any favorite bands ? i like nirvana	cool ! not much a music listener here . i just run listening to my footfalls	who is that ? my dad the cops	not a band , i just listen to what is around me when i run .	i feel that me too	so you like to run , listen to nirvana , work in a pet store , interesting mix
ddpc-1661	i agree . it is scary and i am worried , but i agree .	well best of luck to him . i know he must appreciate your support
ddpc-1662	i prefer to cook vegan food . what do you like to eat ?	i like to eat fried foods	well they are not good for you but they taste great ! do you like french fries ?	i do they so good too	do you have any plans for the weekend ?
ddpc-1663	no , i m only 12 lol	ha ! well then good . i am 34 .	my dad is single though	lol , not really looking right now .
ddpc-1664	bad childhood experience . never got over it . i wish i could overcome it .	gotcha , i have some of those as well which is why i am single and alone
ddpc-1665	my mom is my secretary at my doctors office , we are super close .	that is so sweet ! i knit things for my children all the time	i wish i knew how to knit .	it is pretty simple , i took a class and now i am a pro !	i am making a ribeye right now . being a bodybuilder i eat alot of red meat .	you have to get that protein	yes i do . i tire out too easily if i do not .
ddpc-1666	hi there . how are you tonight ?	good . is english your native tongue ? it is mine .	yes it is . what do you do for work ? i am employed at a research facility .	i work as an engineer , but i cannot stand any bugs that i find while working .	i have to clean cages at work . my real dream is to be a professional artist .	that sounds very creative . do you like music ? bach is my favorite .	people donate their trash so i can make sculptures . i prefer mozart .	how cool you make sculptures . i love bacon and tried to make a sculpture with some .	that is really cool ! i like watching shows featuring creative cooking like that .	i also watch cooking shows ! great way to get recipe ideas .	tell me something unique about you . my toes are webbed and i am short 5 feet .	i have a small mole on my chin . what color is your hair ?	i have dark hair , almost black .	is your hair long or short ?
ddpc-1667	got any fears there buddy ?	loosing my husband that i love so much	is he dying i am sorry
ddpc-1668	hi there , i am studying to be a marine biologist at the university . student here .	what is your hobby ? mine is cooking .	hi there , i am studying to be a marine biologist at the university . student here .	what is your hobby ? mine is cooking .	i just study . i do not drink or party . i am studious and concentrate on my work .	okay , i love country music , and only eat vegetables .	i love country music . tyler farr is love .	not me i am disable , can not work	did you grow up in the usa like me ?	tyler farr is great ! i knit hats .	can you make me one ? pennsylvania winters get cold .	yes , i made those hats for babies	i bet they are adorable .	no only for babies , and only in the hospital
ddpc-1669	that is very sweet . did he serve ?	yes , he is a war vet . i am making it for veterans day	i am sure he will appreciate it . my eldest boy wants to join the air force .	that is something to be proud of . we should all be proud of our military	i agree . it is scary and i am worried , but i agree .
ddpc-1670	i plan to travel to jamaica next week with the class . we travel	right on . i travel all around my region with my band . true story .	i know that will entice you to do so . and what band or genere	you must be a clever person then . haha . metal , ave imperator .
ddpc-1671	hey there how are you ?	i am doing good . i finally got a moment to myself .	hey there how are you ?	i am doing good . i finally got a moment to myself .	that is always nice , like projects ?	what kind of projects do you mean ?	like the kind that need trash	interesting , do you have a job ?	i do but it is nasty i clean out cages	do you work at a vet ?	no i do not a research facility	oh , that sounds horrible . i work part time at my moms pizza restaurant .	what kind of pizza is the special ?	i bbq chicken pizza , it is so good . i recommend it .	cool , my feet are so ugh i hide them
ddpc-1672	that is great ! family is awesome . mine lives down the street from me .	i just found out my friend is getting married . i do not know if that is good or bad	that is great ! family is awesome . mine lives down the street from me .	i was just at my other friends wedding last week but not me , i am single	are you conservative ? i am .	all of my family is an hour away . i moved for a better job in sales	hopefully the pay is worth it ! do you like ford or chevy ? my truck is a ford .	conservative is just one of those words used by the media . its all the same	i disagree . every sunday i am in church . generally the more conservative are there .	both are good but i want one of the new tesla electric cars .	oh , an electric car would be cool . that would be good for the environment .	i go to church for weddings like my friends last week but i am not religious	i understand . organized religion is not for everyone .	i think they will all be electric soon . electric cars were first before gas	oh really ? i did not know that .	i am a care salesman so i know a lot about all inds of cars
ddpc-1673	no way , ice is more fun and bear steaks are a delight	the ocean and fresh seafood are my cup of tea !
ddpc-1674	i am doing well . i am taking a break at work i am a factory worker .	hello there ! how are you ?	i am doing well . i am taking a break at work i am a factory worker .	i am playing a video game at the moment . how long is your break ?	about 30 minutes . i like football video games . my favorite team is the buckeyes .	i like playing final fantasy .	i played the two on super nes when i was younger . do you exercise ?	i dance a lot ! that is my exercise !	my friend wants me to go swimming at the gym pool , but i am scared of water .	i would help you if i could , but i am too shy .
ddpc-1675	i am going to school to be a lawyer .	oh i bet that is a lot of studying . do you listen to music when you study ?	not usually . my dog max does not care for music .	oh i enjoy listening to oldies music when i am working at my desk all day .	are you in a relationship ?	no i live alone getting ready to retire soon maybe i will meet someone then .	i have a girlfriend . we live together .	nice do you like to go out to eat ? i enjoy finding good barbeque restaurants .	yeah , i do enjoy going out .
ddpc-1676	my family consists of 4 , myself , one sibling , and 2 parents .	i hate families . i prefer to be alone .	i am short at 5 ft tall . how about you ?	i am 5 ft and 6 in tall . i weigh 220 pounds and its all muscle .	that sounds very nice , yes .	what is your favorite drink ? mine has to be water . i love water	i love pepsi , it is the best .	if i want to keep this amazing body , i can not drink any of that .	but it tastes so wonderful !
ddpc-1677	that sounds like fun ! i would like to do that , too	i hope we both get to do that someday
ddpc-1678	hi how are you ? i feel woozy . someone must have spiked my iced tea	sorry to hear that . i feel great just finished working out .	hi how are you ? i feel woozy . someone must have spiked my iced tea	sorry to hear that . i feel great just finished working out .	i would rather do computer coding than work out . maybe i should change	i exercise daily and ride my horses . do you ride ?	no . i like country music festivals , and strumming country songs on my guitar	i am into horses , not much on computers , i grew up on a ranch .	i plan to spend my early twenties on a ranch .	cool , i like music by john denver , we ranchers like the country stuff .	true . maybe i will build a website for country music fans . kind of like spotify	computer novice here , but i garden ? i use my garden vegetables in my cooking .	i have always wanted to do that . it seems to becoming a trend	you sound very smart . i am a simple country girl who likes gardening and horses .	i like the simple life too . iced tea and country music , and i am in heaven	i like to grow organic and fix meals for my family . do you cook ?
ddpc-1679	i was but am now divorced	i feel so sorry to hear this .
ddpc-1680	howdy how are you doing tonight i am doing fine .	i am doing fine too .	that is good i like watching sports on television . do you ?	i do not like sports . i love watching series .	that is okay we all like different things . another sport i like is soccer .
ddpc-1681	i am alright , how was your day ?	hi how are you today ?	i am alright , how was your day ?	pretty good just studying and you ?	i do not do much since the accident , off of work . what do you do for fun ?	what was the accident huh ?	got in a brutal car accident but working hard to get back on my feet	i am sorry to hear that	thank you , time off has allowed me to do some small work to help other	do you listen to music then ?	i do , i like country music a lot . how about you ?	i adore rap music a lot	used to listen to rap but not so much anymore . do you have any other hobbies ?
ddpc-1682	hey there how are you today ?	i am good . you ? what do you do for a living ?	hey there how are you today ?	i am good . you ? what do you do for a living ?	i am in the stock market industry	i used to by a geology teacher . now , i go arctic exploring . ice is interesting .	how about yourself ? i miss my old folks .	i am in search for lost explorers . i want to help them to go home .	really ? where are you looking at ?	north pole . it is where i learn to ice fish and hunt polar bears to eat .	cool , any pets i have 1 , charlie .	i have a husky . he is my true companion in the harsh cold weather .	i bet ! whats your favorite food ?	i really miss a bowl of spaghetti and meatballs . yours ?	no only i like eggplant parmigiana , ever had it ?	yes , i have . it is pretty tasty .
ddpc-1683	because i share an apartment with my brothers it is not that expensive .	i teach kindergarten , but i hate children .	that sounds miserable . my other hobby is getting tattoos .	where do you get the tattoos ?	i just like them . where do you live ?	i live in seattle with two derelicts . they drink all the time .	my brothers and i live in chicago , the folks are from arkansas	do you have a southern accent ?	i did have the arkansas accent as a child . why do you live with drunken derelicts ?	because my lousy kindergarten salary limits where i can live .	since you hate your job and it pays poorly , why not get another ?	i want to be a brain surgeon . i would operate on myself first !
ddpc-1684	chic lit . you work or have any special hobbies ?	i like to play softball and volleyball . i guess that is considered a hobby .	oh okay . you still in school ? book covers and cd covers are interchangeable .	yes i am on my last year in college .	congratulations ! what is your major ? are you a team ?
ddpc-1685	hello ! are you listening to music this morning ? i love country	no but i am eating eggplant parmigiana !	hello ! are you listening to music this morning ? i love country	no but i am eating eggplant parmigiana !	you like italian food ? i have to get iced tea anytime i go to a restaurant	i love it the best ! even my dog charlie loves it !	i had a dog named charlie when i was 10 . that was 10 years ago	cool do you have any brothers or sisters ? i have both .	yes they are younger and still live at home	do you live with your parents as well ?	no since i got my first job coding and designing websites i moved out	i am in the stocks myself .	interesting . can you listen to music at work ? like country ?	no i wish , got to keep my head clear for trades .
ddpc-1686	i am in my young adult years , i am not ready to buy a home .	this is my first one it was an interesting process	well congrats on your home ! what are your hobbies ?	well i run my a dog obedience school so that is where most of time is spent	sounds cool . i am thirsty . i wish i had some iced tea , my favorite drink .
ddpc-1687	you could make them into a pizza . i love to eat pizza so i would buy	i doubt that would go over well .
ddpc-1688	hello ! my name is ryan . you ?	hello ! what is your name ?	hello ! my name is ryan . you ?
ddpc-1689	never have time to watch tv , we are always on tour or throwing a party !	lucky , my jew parents will not let me eat sweets can you belive that
ddpc-1690	was not sure if you travel alot . where are you studying ?	i travel when i can mostly only during breaks or local type adventures .	do you like the outdoors ? hiking and such ?
ddpc-1691	oh i see , well i prefer reading plays mostly in my free time	i see , you are also an artist , i play music myself	just as a hobby though , i own my own successful dieting business full time	any health tips for someone who canot bring themselves to do anything but running ?	oh yeah i love exercising for long hours . finding motivation is most important	i try to stay motivated , my father was a cop , physical fitness was important
ddpc-1692	hi . well , i hope i can do more camping and hiking . you ?	i am a single lady in a new york apartment .	i am a single guy in florida .	i am more into books , movies and cooking . i would love to be a chef .	my father , who is retired and i grill steaks and burgers on the weekends .	yum ! i love any food off of the grill !
ddpc-1693	that is funny . i used to live in california	the wonders of technology , lol . we are moving to florida soon .	it is lovely here . the sunsets are beautiful
ddpc-1694	i wish they would come out with a new version . it looks very dated .	i have not been on that in years .	you are not missing too much .	is it still the same old costumes and skins ?	pretty much . but some people have gotten really creative with it .
ddpc-1695	well , she died walking into my workplace in high school hollister . my dad is though .	no i m sorry to hear about that	it was a tough time , but we got through it together .	you must have gone through a lot	i have . she choked on a chip , that is why i hate them .	ok what else do you do for fun	i owl watch most nights , it helps me relax . you ?
ddpc-1696	hi ! i just got back from a run . what are you doing ?	hello , i am just playing some online poker .	i can not afford to gamble . i work at a fast food restaurant .	oh okay , that is too bad , i work as a carpenter .	i would love to work with wood . i could fix up this cheap apartment !
ddpc-1697	what happened to your first wife ?	she was mysteriously murdered . had arsenic in her .	who do you think killed your wife ?	not sure . i miss her . i am an eccentric doggie hair stylist . she used to help .	that is sad . my parents died last year .	so sorry ! i try to keep busy by staying involved collecting civil war antiques .	that is good . my dad served in a war .
ddpc-1698	animals scare me . i was bitten by a dog	ouch , my son was bitten a dog , at least that is what his brother told me .
ddpc-1699	hello , how are you this evening ?	i am good just getting back from work	same here , though i am coming from class . law school student .	that is nice i teach kindergarten	how long have you been going that ?	just two years its rewarding but the pay is low	that is why i am studying law . the pay is good ,	yeah that is definitely a bonus
ddpc-1700	bad childhood experience . never got over it . i wish i could overcome it .	gotcha , i have some of those as well which is why i am single and alone
ddpc-1701	hi , how are you this morning ?	i am fine . i am getting off my job just now .	hi , how are you this morning ?	i am fine . i am getting off my job just now .	what do you do for a living ?
ddpc-1702	hello how are you doing today ?	not too bad . a little sad , but such is life .	why are you sad today did something happen ?	just need to lose some weight . having 3 kids will do that .	oh i can only imagine i decided long ago that i did not want kids .	smart choice ! do you like to cook ? i would be a great chef lol	no not really . so many good places to eat at in the big apple	i want to go there , but with me on days and hubby nights , it s not feasible .	its amazing my dream is to act but for now i will stick to modeling	sounds great ? do you have any pets ? we have a family cat .	no . i am always traveling for work so hard to keep an animal .	very true . what else do you like to do ?	well i do enjoy singing but not sure that my voice is that good	i m sure it is ! we are our worst critic after all .	yeah maybe ! do you sing ? i bet it would put you in a better mood .	just lullaby s to my littles every night . it does help though .
ddpc-1703	hey , how is it going out there ? people are nervous over here .	are you at a mall or something	no , but i am stationed in south korea . where you at ?	i am in australia . are you in the military ?	yeah , us army . what do you do down under ?	i like my hobbies . i am kind of boring	boring is not always bad . what are your hobbies ?	i teach my kids at home and like crafts	nice ! i like kids , but i do not think i would be a good dad .	why do you think that	i think i am enjoying the stress here too much . i kind of want to fight .	are you an aggressive individual ?	in a word . good for the army . not so good for family . dad was the same .
ddpc-1704	that sounds fun , i spend my weekends reading romance novels	yeah , how about drama , i love those	i am so over drama	drama and romance goes together	sometimes . but other times its too much .	i understand , where are you from	i live in an apartment in a city	i live near the beach	sounds pretty and warm and nice	yeah california is warm most of the tiem	except san francisco ! windy and cold	oh yeah , well florida is warm right now tho
ddpc-1705	hi i am really into crafting	one of my hobbies is being online all the time	what kinds of things do you do online
ddpc-1706	my error young not you is the first word . do you have day dreams ?	oh ok . i day dream all the time , mostly about the things i want to do .	like travel or be a super hero ?
ddpc-1707	if we do not walk by water i would walk with you	sure . i also love travelling . been to six countries already !	have you been to ohio ?	yes , but ohio is not a country , you know ?	yes , but , i love ohio state so i was curious . i am not stupid .	haha . i did not say that . ohio is a great state !
ddpc-1708	haha sure . except on sundays . that is when i watch football	that is okay , i spend my weekends hiking , usually .	oh that sounds fun . i am about to order pizza . want some ?	i would love some ! but make it two . . . for each boy !	haha i order 3 large cheese pizzas for me and my doggies	i may only be an accountant but . . . pretty sure dogs should not eat pizza
ddpc-1709	i am a tattoo artist , been doing that forever and a day . haha	that is awesome i am an aspiring actress . where do you live ?	i live in wisconsin . an actress huh ? that is pretty cool	yes mum ws mad when i told her i wanted to move to new york lol	me and my pops do not get a long , you still talk to her ?	that is a shame . we still talk i am her baby girl	at least you have that then . i tour a lot so we fell apart	have you ever tatooed a famous person ?	i tattooed jesse james once , and a few nba stars	that is so cool . right now i am model	oh yeah ? i do not think i look good enough to be a model	haha you are funny comedian	lol ! i would probably get paid more if so !	lol i do not like the weather out here
ddpc-1710	good thing i have a lot of money	that be great living out alone in the wild
ddpc-1711	hi , i work at fast food , what do you do for work ?	i am a work at home father and it is good ; especially since i became a dad .	hi , i work at fast food , what do you do for work ?	i am a work at home father and it is good ; especially since i became a dad .	good for you , i do not have a family , i am single and a worker	what kind of work do you do ?	fast food , i did not graduate high school so i do not have a good job	any job is a good job . you should be proud .
ddpc-1712	i am pretty good , loving this autumn weather , you ?	hi how are you today	i am pretty good , loving this autumn weather , you ?	what is your favorite color ?	purple . i have a turtle , do you like any animals ?	i do not but purple is mine too !	that is pretty cool , any favorite sports ?	nothing really are you religious ?	no , not at all . spiritual maybe , but not much else . what about you ?	i am a very strict catholic	what is your favorite thing to do ?
ddpc-1713	haha i am not sure . my hair is purple !	i work in a conservative environment .	on the weekends , i love to spend sunday watching football .	i do not understand football or baseball .	i watch just for fun and love to snack on cheese pizza when watching .	i am currently catching up on hawaii 5 0 .	is it a good show ! i am getting ready for christmas ! it is my favorite !
ddpc-1714	you drink sweet tea , right ?	yes i love ice tea	only crazy people do not like iced tea .
ddpc-1715	awesome i have about thirty more years	well they go by fast , tell me more about yourself	i am short fat and ugly . you
ddpc-1716	oh i see , well i prefer reading plays mostly in my free time	i see , you are also an artist , i play music myself	just as a hobby though , i own my own successful dieting business full time	any health tips for someone who canot bring themselves to do anything but running ?	oh yeah i love exercising for long hours . finding motivation is most important	i try to stay motivated , my father was a cop , physical fitness was important
ddpc-1717	if i finished high school i would probably know how to be more fit	you should come work with me on my ranch !
ddpc-1718	hello , how are you tonight ?	doing well , just listening to some bach . yourself ?	waiting for my sister to come home so we can go shopping .	i thought about going out tonight , but the insects are bad , and i hate them .	me too . a man had spider bites when i was interning in the er .	are you a doctor , i work as an engineer in the army .	i am a registered nurse . i am so excited for my first job .	that sounds exciting . do you know any languages , i only know english .	same here . only english . my sister speaks russian .	i would like to learn japanese . and visit there someday . anywhere you would like to go ?	anywhere . everywhere . but first , cuba .	are you from cuba ?	no , i am not . i am from ohio .	maybe not as exciting , but at least you see snow .
ddpc-1719	that is very good for you . as an accountant i sit far too much	do you listen to music while working ? i enjoy rap music	i am more of a classic rock girl , but that is cool	nice , i do alot of studying in college . are you in school or work ?	oh i work . i have had enough school	yeah me too but eventually you will have enough of work as well
ddpc-1720	i am doing just fine . studying for a test i have coming up .	ooh what sort of test ? i want to go to school to be a chef	for intro to law . i want to be a lawyer when i graduate .	very cool . do you like books ? i love romance ones . . . movies too	yeah . that is where i got my love of travel from actually .	oh cool ! whats your favorite place to travel ?	i really enjoyed germany . though i hate leaving my dog home when i go abroad .	oh i am so scared of dogs ! what kind do you have ?	a boston terrier named max . my girlfriend adopted him when she moved in .
ddpc-1721	never have time to watch tv , we are always on tour or throwing a party !	lucky , my jew parents will not let me eat sweets can you belive that
ddpc-1722	mostly country . like the way it makes me feel and relates to life	you re awesome i hope i can do that
ddpc-1723	well , she died walking into my workplace in high school hollister . my dad is though .	no i m sorry to hear about that	it was a tough time , but we got through it together .	you must have gone through a lot	i have . she choked on a chip , that is why i hate them .	ok what else do you do for fun	i owl watch most nights , it helps me relax . you ?
ddpc-1724	not yet but i am working on it . it cost alot of money	self publishing is very expensive .	yes it is i have resourced the pricing for it .
ddpc-1725	i plan to travel to jamaica next week with the class . we travel	right on . i travel all around my region with my band . true story .	i know that will entice you to do so . and what band or genere	you must be a clever person then . haha . metal , ave imperator .
ddpc-1726	do you like cat or dogs	i am scared to be around with dogs	mine are so gentle they work with kids	hey i always wanted to be a chef	food ! tell me more lol
ddpc-1727	we ate way earlier . always by 630 . how about you ?	italian is my favorite so i am thinking along those lines .	sounds yummy ! do you work tomorrow ?	no . so i think i will read a book . probably about traveling .	i love traveling . i often quilt while my husband drives .	i do not drive much . walking long distances is what i do .	i am too old for much of that anymore . we prefer visiting great american landmarks .	europe is on my travel list . have you been there ?	we keep it to great american landmarks . we love seeing american history .	i have a big dog so i have to walk . do you have pets ?
ddpc-1728	my parents did not care for music , our house was very quiet .	i cant imagine a world that does not have music in it	now , i cannot . it was weird .	i believe it . do you like doing stuff on the computer ?	at times , when i am watching tv
ddpc-1729	i love horror novels the best	i love paranormal romance books .
ddpc-1730	i have not watched that . its on after macgyver .	i do not know , i watch it on netflix	ah . i do not have netflix .
ddpc-1731	i would recommend it . it can be very rewarding if you put in the hard work .	maybe i will revisit the idea in the future !	that sounds like a great idea !	once my daughter is a bit older i will .
ddpc-1732	it is a healthy life to live .	i do enjoy to read plays on my spare time though	what is your favorite play ?
ddpc-1733	i bet . did you live in a crap low income apartment like i do it seems ?	i live in a 2 bedroom that i can no longer afford each months hbu	same , worse probably by the looks of it . whats your job ?	i teach 5 year olds	that is right , sorry . hobbies or interests besides the cat ?	i like to go out with friends and try new foods	oh cool . what have you found that is an unexpected favorite ?	vegan food . . thinking about making the switch
ddpc-1734	i am a nurse love working with the elderly	brilliant . you must be very busy .	i usually am very busy ?
ddpc-1735	would you like to visit australia ?	most definitely . i want to travel the world .
ddpc-1736	that is why i have a beard . strange on a woman , i know .	hilarious ! do you have any food allergies ? mine is mangoes .
ddpc-1737	i want to visit the beach again soon .	i would never move away .
ddpc-1738	i am not a very active person .	i certainly am , i am part native american , i live here in oklahoma
ddpc-1739	unfortunately , i cannot . i am too busy homeschooling my child .	i went to school on a reservation part time , and the rest was my mother .	very neat ! do you like to get up early ? i love it . the earlier the better !	yes . my mother used to say the sun only rose because i woke it up .	that is too cute ! mothers always know the best things to say .	i assume that includes you . haha .	oh yes . well , i like to think so !
ddpc-1740	well i work with computers and then read every spare min i have	what are you currently reading ? i like to read about animals	i am reading some books about the hillary clinton since i vote democrat	interesting . i would vote if barry manila was running !	always vote the barry lol , how is your night going ?	good , currently cuddling with my five animals . you ?	just getting ready for bed , what kind of animals ?
ddpc-1741	i hate all animals to be honest	i see . i like most animals , i grew up on a farm .	dropping out of high school was a bad idea . the landlord just called .	my landlord is my dad . we do not really get along .	lucky , he can give you slack .	he makes me cry as bad as onions do . but i truly enjoy onions .	not running is what makes me cry like a baby	i like to run as well . i did about 3 miles today .	i just did 15 miles .	i wish i had time for 15 , but my job takes too much of my time .
ddpc-1742	i am good . how are you ?	i am doing well , just preparing for a week of teaching .	that is nice . what do you teach ?	since graduating two years ago , i have taught kindergarten .	awesome . i actually never graduated highschool	oh wow . what do you do for work ?	i do not . i spend all of my time playing frisbee	wow . do you have any pets ? i have a cat .	cats are cool . i have two dogs . pretty big ones as well
ddpc-1743	i just graduated . working at a fast food joint now .	nice , do you like music ? whenever i am not working i listen to music	what kind of music ? i just work to help my aunt and uncle out .
ddpc-1744	no . i am too busy at the gym . i go several days each week .	i go climbing but am scared of heights	that is weird . what is your favorite drink ? water is the only thing i will drink .	i like ice tea . do you like sports ?	i do like sports . my favorite is football .
ddpc-1745	hello , how are you this evening ?	i am doing great . just watching a movie .	hello , how are you this evening ?	i am doing great . just watching a movie .	that is fun ! where did you work in high school ? i worked at hollister .	i worked at dairy queen . i am in school now .	ah , cool . i skate for a living .	what kind of skating do you do ?	skateboarding . i like to play music for fun . my genre is bluegrass .	i used to skateboard . now i just study and play video games .	those are fun activities . do you like chips ? i cannot stand them .	i love chips so much . what food do you like ?	i like pizza . it is very good !	i like pizza too . the sauce is the best part .	have you had the white sauce ? it is so good !	is that like a alfredo sauce ?
ddpc-1746	i can imagine , in fact i hope to teach english after school .	nice , my job is being a truck driver , i have seven kids to feed .
ddpc-1747	do you like cat or dogs	i am scared to be around with dogs	mine are so gentle they work with kids	hey i always wanted to be a chef	food ! tell me more lol
ddpc-1748	well i sure can understand that . running does relieve stress though .	it does , i like to wear my favorite color blue when i do run .	when you have the time where do you run ?	there is a local trail near my house in the mountains that i like .	sounds like heaven , i sure would love that !	yes , the peach and the quiet , it is heaven .	better than this jujitsu i am trying to learn ugh !	i bet it is hard , like karate .
ddpc-1749	i am published author and scared of dogs . you ?	i have two part time jobs , so no time for dogs .	i drink watered scotch . you ?	i love to read fantasy and watch it too .	what two positions do you work ?	one is writing fantasy books , but i am just starting .	and the other position is what ?	movie critic for lord of the rings movies .	great ! i have a book out entitled 100 do not do it stories .	i would read it if it were a fantasy book .
ddpc-1750	hi , i am good , i just moved into a new house i bought ! you ?	hello how are you today ?	hi , i am good , i just moved into a new house i bought ! you ?	that is great . my family lives on my road .	cool dude . any plans for tonight ? i am dancing at the club , i love it .	i would go to the club but tomorrow is sunday and i always go to church .
ddpc-1751	i will continue to ride horses and maybe travel a little	sounds wonderful ! i hope to write more stories when i retire someday .	i will have to look up some of short stories and ride them someday
ddpc-1752	hey how are you tonight	very well thank you , just left the factory . yourself ?	hey how are you tonight	very well thank you , just left the factory . yourself ?	just got done with my shift at the grocery store !	same here , now i want to watch the buckeyes game !	oh sounds fun ! i have to feed my horses , then maybe listen to my favorite singer .	i love horses . who is your favorite singer ?	me too ! i have two ! taylor swift of course , what about you ?	i like prince , probably because i love the color purple .	such a pretty color ! price came to my town once , i live in chicago .	i love the city but i am scared of the water .	aw why is that
ddpc-1753	i guess i am ! i do coding and web design work . what about you ?	that sounds like fun . i am an animal care tech
ddpc-1754	hey ! how are you tonight ?	i am good and you ?	hey ! how are you tonight ?	i am good and you ?
ddpc-1755	charlie is the name of my dog , mom and dad is in australia	well do they have horses in australia ?
ddpc-1756	i am doing just fine . studying for a test i have coming up .	ooh what sort of test ? i want to go to school to be a chef	for intro to law . i want to be a lawyer when i graduate .	very cool . do you like books ? i love romance ones . . . movies too	yeah . that is where i got my love of travel from actually .	oh cool ! whats your favorite place to travel ?	i really enjoyed germany . though i hate leaving my dog home when i go abroad .	oh i am so scared of dogs ! what kind do you have ?	a boston terrier named max . my girlfriend adopted him when she moved in .
ddpc-1757	oh i love animals i bet she is beautiful . i have to hear some music .	hmmm . titanic is something to see for the eleven times .	yes i have that movie and watched it more then 11 times .
ddpc-1758	that is so cool . are you single ? my girl resides with me .	i am single but live my girl and pet turtle	that is awesome . any other pets ? my pups name is max .	i have a dog and we play frisbee together	how nice . what did you go to school for ? i am going for law .	i studied history and political science . law is very interesting .	wow are you democratic ? tell me about bora bora i love sightseeing and trying fun things .	i am democratic . bora bora is a beautiful place my parents live there . do you travel much ?	that is cool . oh yes traveling is my nature . where else have you been ?	i have been to saudi arabia and kuwait
ddpc-1759	i am going to go to med school there .	wow nice so this is your last year in high school .	yes , it is . are you still a student ?	i finished my bachelor degree .	nice ! how long did it take you ?	it took me 5 years as one year i was part time .	i am hoping i can go full time for all of mine .
ddpc-1760	haha that is silly . at least it was not a disgusting cat	very true . do you have a favorite band you like to listen to while working ?	i cannot listen to music while working since nurses have to listen to patients . you ?	rush is one of my top favorites	my dad likes rush so i hate them and him	is there anything you do like ?	i guess i am pretty cranky . i am ready to retire
ddpc-1761	hi , i am jack . how are you doing today ?	hi jack ! i am dave and i am doing good today . how are you doing ?	hi , i am jack . how are you doing today ?	hi jack ! i am dave and i am doing good today . how are you doing ?	very good , just finished a book . i read most nights before bed .	what book did you finish reading ?	american assassin . they actually just made a movie based on it . you like to read ?	i read sometimes not often enough . i have heard of the movie though .	you like to cook . i am actually a bit of an amatuer chef .	i do enjoy cooking . i like cooking italian food the most .	very nice . my kids really enjoy when i make lasagna . you have kids ?	no . i do work with a lot of kids at my job though .	oh really ? i do as well , i am a teacher . what do you do ?	my work is with a program that helps troubled teens through mentoring .	oh wow . that is very noble . some of my students could definitely use that .	i can only imagine . are you into any hobbies other than reading ?
ddpc-1762	hi i am david . i love to play poker and run .	hi my name is lauren . i like to gamble and play games . what about you	hi i am david . i love to play poker and run .	i also enjoy poker . i like running but prefer swimming	what do you do for a living ?
ddpc-1763	pretty much all of it , i like wasabi on everything .	i could go for some now lol	seriously , too bad it is expensive .	depends on where you go there is a buffet out here 8 before 330	that is great , i know one that is 17 , but i think it is worth it
ddpc-1764	great ! how are you ?	hello . how are you this evening ?	great ! how are you ?	i am alright , long day of pediatrics . , reading , and running ! all things i love .	oh wow , i just got my degree as a registered nurse !	that is really awesome ! my wife is a nurse , and my two children want to be doctors !	you are lucky to have a smart family . my sister keeps bugging me to settle down .	thank you . why do you not ? what else do you do ? i collect vintage cars .	vintage cars ? i spend my time at the mall . i love to buy clothes .	yes . old cars with historical significance . i love to wear cloths ! true story there .	i rather buy clothes than do anything else . i do not even have time to date .	that kind of sucks . but whatever makes you happy .	meh , marriage is overrated . i have a job and a great relationship with my sister .	like i said as long as that makes you happy . so what is your favorite color ?	green . do you and your wife wear the same color scrubs ?
ddpc-1765	i was born with fangs i still have them .	really ? wow , that is interesting !
ddpc-1766	yes cats suck . gosh , did i mention i am transexual ?	no , you did not mention that but good to know . might be a good ending .	yes i agree ! have a good afternoon
ddpc-1767	i cannot imagine doing that , i mostly just play with cars and watch titanic	and have a wonderful new pal in ginger ! i just have exotic fish .	fishes are cool too . i just wish they did more than swim and eat !	sometimes , i do , too , but the boys are enough like animals sometimes .	vicious i imagine , but not quite like ginger with her new toys haha	probably a little . this morning they had granola all over the kitchen	how did your fish get all over the kitchen ? !	lol . no , the kids . strung my breakfast all over the place .
ddpc-1768	oh , yeah ? are you in a band ?	yes , i am actually the lead singer .	wow ! you probably would think i am boring . i am an accountant .	i would not want to wear a suit everyday , haha !	yes , it is hard . but i like to hike in my free time so that helps .	that is good . always good to get some fresh air once in a while .	do you do anything for fun ?	well when my band is not playing a gig , i like to party !	ha , i remember those party days . but now i have two kids to take care of .	kids are fun , i do not have any but i have 3 little sisters
ddpc-1769	i can imagine , in fact i hope to teach english after school .	nice , my job is being a truck driver , i have seven kids to feed .
ddpc-1770	you should sing more often .	yes we do practice a lot and its some bit of fun also .	maybe i should join my church choir
ddpc-1771	i cannot imagine doing that , i mostly just play with cars and watch titanic	and have a wonderful new pal in ginger ! i just have exotic fish .	fishes are cool too . i just wish they did more than swim and eat !	sometimes , i do , too , but the boys are enough like animals sometimes .	vicious i imagine , but not quite like ginger with her new toys haha	probably a little . this morning they had granola all over the kitchen	how did your fish get all over the kitchen ? !	lol . no , the kids . strung my breakfast all over the place .
ddpc-1772	hey how are you tonight	very well thank you , just left the factory . yourself ?	hey how are you tonight	very well thank you , just left the factory . yourself ?	just got done with my shift at the grocery store !	same here , now i want to watch the buckeyes game !	oh sounds fun ! i have to feed my horses , then maybe listen to my favorite singer .	i love horses . who is your favorite singer ?	me too ! i have two ! taylor swift of course , what about you ?	i like prince , probably because i love the color purple .	such a pretty color ! price came to my town once , i live in chicago .	i love the city but i am scared of the water .	aw why is that
ddpc-1773	no i work at a groomers tho they are like my pets .	ah , fun ! are you into fitness ?	not really more into civil war things . too many wives in the past
ddpc-1774	i am good . how are you ?	i am doing well , just preparing for a week of teaching .	that is nice . what do you teach ?	since graduating two years ago , i have taught kindergarten .	awesome . i actually never graduated highschool	oh wow . what do you do for work ?	i do not . i spend all of my time playing frisbee	wow . do you have any pets ? i have a cat .	cats are cool . i have two dogs . pretty big ones as well	nice ! i do not have room for one . where are you from ?	ohio . where are you from ?	i am living in seattle . fun place , but it rains too much .
ddpc-1775	that is very sweet . did he serve ?	yes , he is a war vet . i am making it for veterans day	i am sure he will appreciate it . my eldest boy wants to join the air force .	that is something to be proud of . we should all be proud of our military	i agree . it is scary and i am worried , but i agree .
ddpc-1776	batman was fabulous in theaters .	do you have any pets then	no . i am allergic to everything but gold fish . do you have pets ?	i have one named after an always sunny character	love it . sounds like a pet bird .
ddpc-1777	what kind of show do you have ?	a fashion show at the police softball tournament , it is for charity , .
ddpc-1778	oh man , i miss pizza so much ! i am dieting right now , it is rough !	eating is my life ! i could never diet	lucky you ! i spend so much time on the beach , i want to look good .	i wish i could go to the beach . i get nervous and stutter around attractive people though	my brother stuttered , but he was able to overcome it . maybe you can too .	i really hope i can
ddpc-1779	well , i was listening taylor swift !	is that what you need your free time listen to music i read for my	yeah , i also ride horses	i do you bake cookies homemade for my kids	how many kids do you have	i only have two for now but i want a huge number of family	do you have girls ? or ?	i have one boy and one girl then my husband do his own business running it	i am sure that is a lot of money ! i actually want to paint my room !	do you know how to paint rooms though	a little bit , yeah . also , i do own a grocery store !	i bet that is so cool	what do you do fro fun ?	i usually go reading good books
ddpc-1780	i am employed at pet smart working with pets and selling products .	that is nice i like to hike	i love working as a musician too i live in new jersey .	nice do you ever go hiking ?	cool hiking is fun . no i do not hike . i am a runner i love to run .	do you have any children then ?	yes my most liked music band is nirvana , what is yours ?	anything when i drive my civic around	i know that is alright i love to cook i am a great cook .	make me some food then
ddpc-1781	yes i do . they always tell me jordan , move back home	i am sure they miss you . how long have you lived in florida ?	since i moved here for vet school . where do you live ?	i am from detroit . it is a tough place for a five foot tall woman .
ddpc-1782	you should sing more often .	yes we do practice a lot and its some bit of fun also .	maybe i should join my church choir
ddpc-1783	hiking is good for you ! its tough for me though cause i am colorblind .	oh is it your browns , reds and greens ?	yeah everything . i just see black and white . it has benefits though .	wow . that is a unique colorblindness . is not it ? what benefits ?	it is unique . i can see camouflaged movement better than other people can though !	oh i see . that is good then . definitely .	yeah its helped me become a specialist in the army . what law do you study ?	criminal law . i had experienced some situations which influenced the decision .
ddpc-1784	i like roller coasters , but not heights ! i always need to keep my hands busy	have you been to cedar point ? it is the coaster capital of the world .	i have ! my kids love that place . they keep me going after the divorce !
ddpc-1785	hello , how are you today ?	i am good , just relaxing with my cross stitch project . how about you ?	hello , how are you today ?	i am good , just relaxing with my cross stitch project . how about you ?	i am hanging out with my sister and dog , ralph . they live with me .	oh , cool . my father lives with me as well . he was in the military and in war .	oh , wow . both of my parents are dead .	sorry to hear that . my mother is recently passed ; her and pa were proud immigrants .	that is awesome ! i live on an island edris island .	cool ! where is edris island ?	off the mainland . do you like to dance ? i love it .	i am an old baby boomer . not too great at dancing anymore .	oh . i am a young girl of mixed race .	dance is great exercise for a young one like yourself !
ddpc-1786	wow ! overseas ? i am a property manager . your going to be a good father . you sing ?	i do not sign but i love collecting model cars	that is great ! i hunt quail with my ex , doug . you need an apartment ?	no apartment . i have a do named ginger she is a golden retriever	oh okay . you have shellfish allergies ? i do .	no allergies . my favorite movie is titanic , i watched it ten times .	again ! did ginger the do die or was she just slow ?
ddpc-1787	my father and mother passed away last year	i am sorry to hear that friend	i done my engineering graduate from mit
ddpc-1788	i am going to school next year , for marine biology .	that sounds great . my parents both taught science	science and biology are my strongest subjects .	my parents would love you . i think i might try for a teaching degree	that is so awesome . my parents are disappointed .	i bet that is not true . who would not want their child to be scientist	parents who are high profile attorneys .
ddpc-1789	that is cool so did my husband . . i am a hippy and make my clothes	i grew up with lots of family members in the military .	that is cool so did my husband . . i am a hippy and make my clothes
ddpc-1790	that is very good for you . as an accountant i sit far too much	do you listen to music while working ? i enjoy rap music	i am more of a classic rock girl , but that is cool	nice , i do alot of studying in college . are you in school or work ?	oh i work . i have had enough school	yeah me too but eventually you will have enough of work as well
ddpc-1791	oh that is too bad you should find some yummy healthy recipes	yes i should , but my three kids like junk food lol	haha of course they do maybe sneak in healthy things in their dinner	it is hard to eat together , since i work days and my husband works overnights	oh wow that sounds like a busy schedule	do you have any pets ? we have cats , which we love
ddpc-1792	no , my ex got me into it , believe it or not .	at least your ex was good for something
ddpc-1793	i am a truck driver so all i do is work and read mysteries every day	ever play second life ? i love it	i wanted to have a big family too and i ended up with 7 children	lucky you . kids are a handful	i do not know what second life is so i probably have not played it	it is fun . but a lot of people do not know about it
ddpc-1794	how exciting , i just got home from walking my dog	that is awesome ! i have two dogs and some cats , how do you feel about cats
ddpc-1795	just frisbee . when i can i travel to bora bora . that is where they moved	o okay cool cool , how old are you
ddpc-1796	good evening . how are you	i am good how r you ?
ddpc-1797	i was on the team at my college .	good for you . it is a very good hobby for your body
ddpc-1798	siblings can be a lot of fun . do you like music ? i enjoy metallica .	yes i love music and metallica is okay do u like korn ?	i have never heard their music .	i love other types of music like rap pop the 80s and 90s	me too . i even like country music .
ddpc-1799	hi i am fine and you how are you doing ?	hi how are you today	hi i am fine and you how are you doing ?	i am good what do you eat	i love pasta and i like to run also read too	i never exercise teach me	i wished i could i like vintage cars they are great
ddpc-1800	what kind of show do you have ?	a fashion show at the police softball tournament , it is for charity , .
ddpc-1801	that is cool . oh yes traveling is my nature . where else have you been ?	i have been to saudi arabia and kuwait
ddpc-1802	no , no pets . but i loves horses , they are my favorite .	i work as a carpenter , stay at home mostly . kinda a loner	i like to build things . my pops sell cars but that is not for me .	i can not see my self as a salesman not good at socializing	i feel ya on that . i have social anxiety . hate going out .	i use to drink a lot and since i quit so did my friends	that is a good thing to quit . that is a biased opinion though .	i would agree that is it good . my friends were not true friends	nope . not if they bailed like that . that is garbage .	well that is human nature min . you are no fun people run .
ddpc-1803	i could use the money for college , i am trying to become a teacher .	that is pretty boring . i just want to retire to my horse babies .	sometimes i wonder , how does horse flesh taste ?	it tastes like sweet sweet honey buns .
ddpc-1804	i like reading mysteries and one day i was reading some lady dropped off some kids	oh that makes sense . can i have some ?	sure . you can marry men and share
ddpc-1805	cool beans . where are you working ?	i work as a secretary . how about you ?	er nurse , and still not good enough for my dad lol .	oh man , that stinks . are you into any sports at all ?
ddpc-1806	i know taekwondo and i am a huge fan of pastas and italian foods	i see but can you sing and dance ?	i can sing ! i sing a choir that really fills up my free time	great ! you ever left your state . i have not .	well working with kids who have had troubled pasts has helped me do so	really ? i do rollercoasters at amusement parks . you ?	i love rollercoasters . we actually take the kids to theme parks sometimes .
ddpc-1807	do you like living that life style ?	i just got into it because my friends did . we hang out and play second life .	is that still a thing ? wow .	yeah , it is not as popular as it used to be .	that really brings back memories .	i wish they would come out with a new version . it looks very dated .	i have not been on that in years .
ddpc-1808	really . . . i am sorry he or she is broken .	yes she is a robot . what are you up to	lol , funny . i am listening to my favorite music , jazz . and you ?	i just got done with school , about to touch up my blue roots	cool , blue roots . i have clients that color their pets hair blue .	oh do you work with pets ? ?	yes , part time . however , i work with children or a pediatrician .	oh interesting . i am still in school so i do not have a job	awesome ! i loved school . i enjoyed running and reading .	i go to school at home , but i do love to read as well
ddpc-1809	hi , i am from the south , what about you ?	i am originally from puerto rico , but i am staying in south korea now .	i have a mother and five sisters , how about you ?	i have 2 brothers . i am the oldest . where in the south ?	you never heard of south carolina	i have . i was briefly stationed at fort jackson .	o yes that in columbia i live a bout 80 miles	i did not know where in the south you meant originally . i apologize .	that ok , i really under that
ddpc-1810	sounds interesting , although i would not have the patience .	i hate cats they make me sneeze	i like cats and dogs but have no pets or kids .	what are your plans for this evening ?
ddpc-1811	are you a doctor , i work as an engineer in the army .	i am a registered nurse . i am so excited for my first job .	that sounds exciting . do you know any languages , i only know english .	same here . only english . my sister speaks russian .	i would like to learn japanese . and visit there someday . anywhere you would like to go ?	anywhere . everywhere . but first , cuba .	are you from cuba ?	no , i am not . i am from ohio .	maybe not as exciting , but at least you see snow .	i hate snow . i hate being cold . i cannot wait to move south .	i am from the south , florida . i miss the beach .
ddpc-1812	hi , i am good . how is life ?	life is good . i restore cars to pristine shape and i rent out properties .	cool . . . i just had dinner with my parents and my sister	sounds good ! i just had a great restaurant meal yesterday . they gave me shellfish .	oh i hate sea food	i almost lost it . i am allergic . i started getting puffy from the fumes .	how awful , that is why i dine in mostly	they got an earful after my medicine kicked in .	i bet they did , that is crazy	i work with my hands but i could not fix that meal .	lol . . i have an 88 cutlass that needs to be restored	nice ! i love old cars . what type of work do you need ?
ddpc-1813	they dress up like superheroes and the lord of the rings character is there too	do you have any other hobbies ?
ddpc-1814	just frisbee . when i can i travel to bora bora . that is where they moved	o okay cool cool , how old are you
ddpc-1815	that is why i have a beard . strange on a woman , i know .	hilarious ! do you have any food allergies ? mine is mangoes .
ddpc-1816	i love acting ! i did theater in high school .	i hope to see a lot of shows when i get there .	there are some great ones . i really want to see hamilton .
ddpc-1817	maybe you could find a house for dad . i do not like him in my home .	maybe . you live in a certain area ?	yes in cozumel . he loves cats but hates my onions .	i went to college at the university of mississippi and live not far from there now .	i see . we just cannot agree on things . so dad needs to move .	i will ask a colleague tomorrow . i am only 34 . no experience in cozumel .	that is close to where the hospital is .	okay . what do you do in your spare time ?	i am a chef at least once a week .	i wish i was a great cook . i spend my extra time promoting green living .
ddpc-1818	i am a lead singer in a band myself	awesome , what is the name of your band	i do not want to share that information . my parents would get mad	no worries i understand , sing on my friend
ddpc-1819	i have not watched that . its on after macgyver .	i do not know , i watch it on netflix	ah . i do not have netflix .
ddpc-1820	that is so nice , i love john denver by the way	i absolutely love soccer i wish i still played	i know what you mean , i grew up in a horse ranch that is so large .
ddpc-1821	hi there , i am studying to be a marine biologist at the university . student here .	what is your hobby ? mine is cooking .	hi there , i am studying to be a marine biologist at the university . student here .	what is your hobby ? mine is cooking .	i just study . i do not drink or party . i am studious and concentrate on my work .	okay , i love country music , and only eat vegetables .	i love country music . tyler farr is love .	not me i am disable , can not work	did you grow up in the usa like me ?	tyler farr is great ! i knit hats .	can you make me one ? pennsylvania winters get cold .	yes , i made those hats for babies	i bet they are adorable .	no only for babies , and only in the hospital
ddpc-1822	i used to play the drums back in my day . what do you play ?	i play guitar and lead singer	i loved a singer once back in afghanistan .	is it a big change coming here or easy to adjust	i was a military man . stationed there 2 years .	o ok how was it . thank you for your service	great way to serve . i would still be active if i had not lost my leg .	i am sorry to hear that . but i am sure your leg does not define who you are	thank you for that . you are correct . i get along without it .	how many siblings do you have i got 3 sisters
ddpc-1823	yes . that any my sardine breakfast i have every day .	no sardines for me . i eat vegan . but salad works .	i like salads as well .	and beans . but my favorite is sushi . vegan sushi .	i dropped out of high school but i knew enuf to eat my beans !	cool ! i am going to go running now and listen to rap .
ddpc-1824	yes i am an engineer	oh that probably is good money huh ?
ddpc-1825	hi . no dogs . i recently took in a stray cat . do you have any cat tips ?	i have a few strays around my new house . nothing helpful though	too bad . so what do you do for your job ?
ddpc-1826	so i got a computer science degree and now i sit on my butt all day	nice . do you have any dogs ? i cannot because i am allergic .	my friend could not get in the military because he is colorblind	that is too bad . i know how tough being colorblind is .	no pets right now but i had plenty in the past . all kid of pets	what is your favorite ? dog or cat ?	i am usually real shy but i feel comfortable talking to you . i like both equal	that makes me very happy ! i like being someone people enjoy talking with .
ddpc-1827	hi do you have any hobbies ? i am a guitarist .	no , i can barely pay my monthly bills .	because i share an apartment with my brothers it is not that expensive .	i teach kindergarten , but i hate children .	that sounds miserable . my other hobby is getting tattoos .	where do you get the tattoos ?	i just like them . where do you live ?	i live in seattle with two derelicts . they drink all the time .	my brothers and i live in chicago , the folks are from arkansas	do you have a southern accent ?	i did have the arkansas accent as a child . why do you live with drunken derelicts ?	because my lousy kindergarten salary limits where i can live .	since you hate your job and it pays poorly , why not get another ?	i want to be a brain surgeon . i would operate on myself first !	that is very ambitious . did you do a double major in college ?	yes , i majored in beer and chasing women .
ddpc-1828	awe , i love turtles too . any hobbies ?	i love to play ultimate frisbee	cool . my favorite hobby is watching horror films	have you ever been to bora bora ?	no , can not say that i have . you ?	yes ! my parents live over there !	wow ! and here i am . my mom is just a teacher in south carolina . xd	i need to think of a name for my turtles girlfriend .	lol , do you have two turtles ?
ddpc-1829	i like staying active . i walk at least a mile everyday .	i have all these yummy healthy recipes . i wrote a cookbook	what do you like to do for fun ?	i like to read . plays mostly
ddpc-1830	no what are your likes ?	i like pretty much everything	well then whare your dislikes lol	nothing pretty much how about you	i hate the snow and big crowds	do you have for we are in the car	i do not think i understand you
ddpc-1831	no i am lead singer in a band	good for you ! are you copyrighting the music you write ?	yes i am are you a parent ?	yes ! divorce , male , two children , ex named doug .	i home schooled while my dad drove a semi
ddpc-1832	we ate way earlier . always by 630 . how about you ?	italian is my favorite so i am thinking along those lines .	sounds yummy ! do you work tomorrow ?	no . so i think i will read a book . probably about traveling .	i love traveling . i often quilt while my husband drives .	i do not drive much . walking long distances is what i do .	i am too old for much of that anymore . we prefer visiting great american landmarks .	europe is on my travel list . have you been there ?	we keep it to great american landmarks . we love seeing american history .	i have a big dog so i have to walk . do you have pets ?	we have a tiny lapdog . she likes to go on road trips with us .
ddpc-1833	no , i am disabled so i spend my days knitting hats . i donate them .	aww , that is so sweet . i am sorry you are disabled though .	thank you but i am okay with it . it gives me time to cook and knit .	right , i imagine you have a lot of time to do hobbies .	i do . it is a relaxing life . what do you do ?	i enjoy web design , i love it . i could never knit .	that sounds like fun ! do you have pets ?	no , no pets yet . i am still just finding my way in the world .	i understand what you mean !	i guess though , my hobby would be listening to country music .	i like a bit . christ stapleton is good .	yeah . i like him ! well , i must go . have fun knitting .	thank you ! have a good night .
ddpc-1834	hello , how are you tonight ? do you like horses ?	hello i am good , and yes i do would rather have them than kids tho	hello , how are you tonight ? do you like horses ?	hello i am good , and yes i do would rather have them than kids tho	i live on a horse farm . the cowboys expect fresh veggies for dinner .	lol wow can they not cook for themselves ?	they work hard , we have over 5000 acres .	oh ok well than good thing that have you .	at times , yes . do you like john denver ?
ddpc-1835	good evening , i am taking a study break , how are you tonight ?	i am well . i just got home from hairdresser school .
ddpc-1836	definitely , i listen to it when playing with my two horses , do you have pets ?	i have 2 kittens , one of which just peed in my bed
ddpc-1837	hey ! how are you tonight ?	i am good and you ?	hey ! how are you tonight ?	i am good and you ?
ddpc-1838	it is pretty hot but good for working in my garden .	hey , how is the weather out there ?	it is pretty hot but good for working in my garden .	do you garden a lot ?	yes , it is plenty of food for my family with plenty to give away .	aw , that is so nice . i should garden for my sister	your vegetables will taste better . what kind of work do you do ?
ddpc-1839	yes , i love dogs . pugs are so cute .	have any pets at home ?
ddpc-1840	my mom loves gardening . i help her sometimes .	what is she growing now ?
ddpc-1841	hello . i am great , how are you ?	exhausted just got back from my nightly run . what are you doing ?	i bet ! i am practicing tae kwan do . i am a champion at it .	that sounds like a good workout . i bet you work up an appetite doing that .	sometimes ! my dad teaches it so i started young . i am only 12 .	oh nice ! do you have any pets ?	yes , a dog , you ? what state do you live in ?	i have a dog also and two cats they get along good though .	cool . i live in texas . i have never been to another state . how about you ?
ddpc-1842	that ok , i really under that	thank you . from your five sisters , where are you in age ?	i am number two next to brothers also	did you enjoy being in a big family ?	yes , it a lots of fun , what music do you like .	rock and roll , of course , and a little bit of folk . how about you ?	i like mix a little of each
ddpc-1843	more healthy ! in my spare time i paint and love it	that is good . i just work in my spare time .	so do you have a favorite singer ? mine is taylor swift	my favorite singer is michael jackson .	he is was very good . i like him too
ddpc-1844	yeah it is a great thing . what do you do for a living	i am unemployed right now looking for work in business marketing .	wow that seems like a hard job to have	hard to get into for sure . business always want a lot of experience .
ddpc-1845	that must be warm in texas . what color is your fur ?	it is black and gray and white . salt and pepper like . do you have fur ?	no , but my pets do , have you always lived in texas	i have . have you always lived in the midwest ?	my dad was military so we moved often
ddpc-1846	yes i do everything . except sunday . that is when i watch football	sunday is when i watch horror films . so that is out for me too .	haha cool cool . i cant wait till christmas . my favorite holiday
ddpc-1847	awe , i love turtles too . any hobbies ?	i love to play ultimate frisbee	cool . my favorite hobby is watching horror films	have you ever been to bora bora ?	no , can not say that i have . you ?	yes ! my parents live over there !	wow ! and here i am . my mom is just a teacher in south carolina . xd	i need to think of a name for my turtles girlfriend .	lol , do you have two turtles ?
ddpc-1848	hey there how are you now ?	hello how are you today	i am proud to be a usa citizen	me too my dream is to make it in new york in show biz	i bet what are you ?	i sing and act . i want to be on broadway one day	really ? my stomach hurts hold on
ddpc-1849	cool . . . my sons are thankfully into literature . . both of them !	i wish my husband was ! my daughter just loves cooking like me .	i wish i could cook ! instead of eggs and bacon , i eat granola every day .	it is fun ! i love granola . what else are you into ?	i am really into decorating my home with vintage items from 1950 . how about yourself ?
ddpc-1850	that is cool , is he hiring ? i like animals	maybe i could ask . maybe a larger restaurant would be more suitable	i will do anything to leave mcdonalds !	what do you do there ?	i am a cashier and do not get paid enough to leave the house	what about online classes to help you get a better job ?	yeah i was thinking of going to school , maybe for veterinarian sciences	that is very interesting . i know there are lots of financial assistance programs .	yeah , i just need the job now . parents want me out of the house
ddpc-1851	hi i am from wisconsin and i do management consulting .	hello , i am a web designer .	in wisconsin i enjoy the cold and snow . do you like the snow ?	no , i do not . i like it hot .	what work do you do ?	i am a web designer , i do coding for several country musicians .
ddpc-1852	awesome , did you ever play softball ? i love it	yes , i played a little company softball	i have practiced taekwondo since i was little	cool , i watch bruce lee films since i was little . we share the same skills	so fun , rip bruce lee	no really i learned everything from those movies .
ddpc-1853	woah your super fancy are u rich	no not really deserve all privileges	all my military money i brought a fancy house	wow that is pretty awesome where is it though	california i used to live in philadelphia	which one do you prefer better	california . in love with the weather
ddpc-1854	that is interesting . can you sculpt david ?	i could try , i am only five feet so cannot make anything too tall	haha . get a big stool . you can do it !	i have a big personality for this little body so i do not give up	you know what they say . good things come in little packages !
ddpc-1855	hello , how are you tonight ?	doing well , just listening to some bach . yourself ?	waiting for my sister to come home so we can go shopping .	i thought about going out tonight , but the insects are bad , and i hate them .	me too . a man had spider bites when i was interning in the er .	are you a doctor , i work as an engineer in the army .	i am a registered nurse . i am so excited for my first job .	that sounds exciting . do you know any languages , i only know english .	same here . only english . my sister speaks russian .	i would like to learn japanese . and visit there someday . anywhere you would like to go ?	anywhere . everywhere . but first , cuba .	are you from cuba ?	no , i am not . i am from ohio .	maybe not as exciting , but at least you see snow .
ddpc-1856	my company rents out properties . what do you do ?	well i have a degree in computer science . so that takes me different places .	that is a great degree to have nowadays .	my mother , a doctor , pushed me into it .	are you glad you went for it , or would have rather pursued something else ?	i can work alone , which is great because i am incredibly shy . works out	i am glad . do you have any hobbies ?	model airplanes , spaceships is my favorite . you ?	that sounds like a cool hobby . i enjoy restoring classic cars
ddpc-1857	i think we all can . maybe watching that will make me feel better about myself !	lol . these people though . i would be happy with a thousand dollars ! !
ddpc-1858	i have 1 dog and 2 cats with my husband he is my world	nice , what do your parents do ?	they are bankers how about yourself ?	my parents are in bora bora and i work in fast food	does your place sell ice cream it is my favorite food , what is yours ?	yeah they sell ice cream but only in autumn which is my favorite season , i love pizza	pizza is the perfect food to watch movies with , what is your favorite movie ?
ddpc-1859	because i share an apartment with my brothers it is not that expensive .	i teach kindergarten , but i hate children .	that sounds miserable . my other hobby is getting tattoos .	where do you get the tattoos ?	i just like them . where do you live ?	i live in seattle with two derelicts . they drink all the time .	my brothers and i live in chicago , the folks are from arkansas	do you have a southern accent ?	i did have the arkansas accent as a child . why do you live with drunken derelicts ?	because my lousy kindergarten salary limits where i can live .	since you hate your job and it pays poorly , why not get another ?	i want to be a brain surgeon . i would operate on myself first !
ddpc-1860	i do not have any yet . how about you ?	no . i do not think i want any .
ddpc-1861	i was but am now divorced	i feel so sorry to hear this .
ddpc-1862	yes i do i like moving fast	bet my volkswagen beetle car would not help you with that
ddpc-1863	hi . no dogs . i recently took in a stray cat . do you have any cat tips ?	i have a few strays around my new house . nothing helpful though	too bad . so what do you do for your job ?
ddpc-1864	i go to school at home i hate it	being homeschooled is safer these days .	i never said i had blue eyes lol
ddpc-1865	so i got a computer science degree and now i sit on my butt all day	nice . do you have any dogs ? i cannot because i am allergic .	my friend could not get in the military because he is colorblind	that is too bad . i know how tough being colorblind is .	no pets right now but i had plenty in the past . all kid of pets	what is your favorite ? dog or cat ?	i am usually real shy but i feel comfortable talking to you . i like both equal	that makes me very happy ! i like being someone people enjoy talking with .
ddpc-1866	going well , what do you do for a living ?	hello , how is your night going ?	going well , what do you do for a living ?	i am very young , but hope to be a professional dancer someday .	that is cool . what kind of dance ?	modern dance and ballet are my favorite . do you dance too ?	no , i am really into nutrition and fitness though .	oh nice . my father used to be very into fitness as well . do you play sports ?	not these days , i am mostly too busy with my dieting business to play many sports .	is the shop on edris island ? maybe i could stop in one day .	i am not sure where that is .	its where my sister , ralph and i live .	is ralph a pet of yours ?	yes , he is my dog . how did you know ?	crazy guess , what kind of dog is he ?
ddpc-1867	hello there ! tell me about yourself ?	i for sure read an speak english	hello there ! tell me about yourself ?	i for sure read an speak english	that is helpful . i do as well and just graduated college .	i love pork , especially bacon .	bacon is good . i do not eat much meat though . do you have pets ?	really did not know lol , like bugs ? they are nasty .	bugs are okay but i prefer arizona , my cat .	what do you do for a living ? i engineer	right now i just play board games and read biographies .	cool what ever it takes for you	i just graduated and have not found work yet .	now me i make money all day	that sounds enjoyable to me !	yes it is i love it i need it	everyone has different goals , that is for sure
ddpc-1868	living in texas we had a lot of help from truck drivers	now they run the farm while i am out on the road driving and reading .	that is the life for some i suppose	i am getting a new truck soon and it will be my favorite color , blue
ddpc-1869	i go to competitions , but never been out of state yet .	that sounds fun ! do you play for a living ?	no , still a student . my dad is a dojo . so i compete a lot . you a doc ?	yeah . my mom actually works at the front desk ! do you train with your dad ?	wow . that must be cool working with your mom . my dad is awesome !
ddpc-1870	thanks . i worry about the environment sometimes too	well no since in worrying unless you fix it	i think about that too . bums me out	i can only imagine work keeps me entertained	do you enjoy what you do ?
ddpc-1871	fun ! do you have any hobbies ?	swimming . you ? student life does not leave me much free time .	my free time is also very limited i try to travel as much as possible , though .
ddpc-1872	no . ha ha ! he is my turtle	oh that is so funny
ddpc-1873	oh okay . what line of work are you in ? hmmm , wild rabbit muffins ?	i just body build mostly . how do you like being an rn ?
ddpc-1874	haha , i suppose . the money is good . do you play any card games ?	no . i used to play gin rummy . my brother is a big poker player . he wins sometimes .
ddpc-1875	i am in fashion design school . i want to have my own fashion line one day .	oh my wife wanted to do the same thing . cooking is my passion .
ddpc-1876	i am good . how are you ?	i am doing well , just preparing for a week of teaching .	that is nice . what do you teach ?	since graduating two years ago , i have taught kindergarten .	awesome . i actually never graduated highschool	oh wow . what do you do for work ?	i do not . i spend all of my time playing frisbee	wow . do you have any pets ? i have a cat .	cats are cool . i have two dogs . pretty big ones as well
ddpc-1877	i am doing well a bit tired .	what did you do today ?
ddpc-1878	alone . i love to meet new people on my travels . what is your favorite exotic fish ?	the nemo looking one . i stare at him when i eat my granola every morning	oh , the clownfish ! i researched that for one of my biology studies at the college .	where do you go to college ?	i went to michigan state but i now teach biology at georgetown . where is your hairdressing school ?
ddpc-1879	i have 2 cats so same	cute ! what are their names ?	cat and kitten . i am very original
ddpc-1880	i am well . how are you ?	i am doing great just got back from the beach	that is great . i live far from the beach .	i am very lucky we live beside the beach . what do you do for a living	i keep busy with my seven children .	wow that much have taken some adjusting i teach kindergarten	do you reach mysteries to your children ? they are my favorite type of novel .	no they are to young for that . i like mystery novels tho	do you teach them about animals , as i grew up on a farm .	yeah i teach them about farm animals and pets	great , how about colors ? my favorite is blue	yeah they learn all about colors and the alphabet .	great , anything else you can tell me about yourself ?
ddpc-1881	photography . i think i could make a decent living at it .	that would be an awesome job ! is photography a hobby of yours ?
ddpc-1882	i love pizza and ice cream .	pizza is so good . my four ex husbands hated it but i love it .	my favorite part of the day is watching tv with my husband	my favorite part is when i find a civil war antique , they are so unique
ddpc-1883	i just got out of college .	what did you study . i work at pet smart but really like music .	i studied graphic design . i want to make board games , though .	my friends play board games , but i run when i get free time .	i like to play them a lot . it is fun for me and my friends and cousins .	do you have brothers or sisters ? do they play ?	i have two older sisters but they are married .	i just have one sister . my dad was a police officer but he retired from an injury .	my sisters are named adelle and margot and they both have husbands and jobs and kids .	do you have any other hobbies besides board games ?
ddpc-1884	i am a tattoo artist , been doing that forever and a day . haha	that is awesome i am an aspiring actress . where do you live ?	i live in wisconsin . an actress huh ? that is pretty cool	yes mum ws mad when i told her i wanted to move to new york lol	me and my pops do not get a long , you still talk to her ?	that is a shame . we still talk i am her baby girl	at least you have that then . i tour a lot so we fell apart	have you ever tatooed a famous person ?	i tattooed jesse james once , and a few nba stars	that is so cool . right now i am model	oh yeah ? i do not think i look good enough to be a model	haha you are funny comedian	lol ! i would probably get paid more if so !	lol i do not like the weather out here
ddpc-1885	she must enjoy spending time with elderly people .	i go camping 6 times a year and hiking every month .	do you camp in national parks or elsewhere ?	i camp in my backyard	haha ! you do go very far . where do you hike ?
ddpc-1886	fantasy videogames ! ! do you like them ?	no , but i play mario
ddpc-1887	just my grandbabies . i wish i had a husband i could care for .	yeah , i am lucky to have a great husband , he has his own business .	does he like cats ?	he is allergic , but i do .
ddpc-1888	i am single but live my girl and pet turtle	that is awesome . any other pets ? my pups name is max .	i have a dog and we play frisbee together
ddpc-1889	what happened to your first wife ?	she was mysteriously murdered . had arsenic in her .	who do you think killed your wife ?	not sure . i miss her . i am an eccentric doggie hair stylist . she used to help .	that is sad . my parents died last year .	so sorry ! i try to keep busy by staying involved collecting civil war antiques .	that is good . my dad served in a war .
ddpc-1890	my company rents out properties . what do you do ?	well i have a degree in computer science . so that takes me different places .	that is a great degree to have nowadays .	my mother , a doctor , pushed me into it .	are you glad you went for it , or would have rather pursued something else ?	i can work alone , which is great because i am incredibly shy . works out	i am glad . do you have any hobbies ?	model airplanes , spaceships is my favorite . you ?	that sounds like a cool hobby . i enjoy restoring classic cars
ddpc-1891	that sounds tricky , but i could fly to some rap concerts !	you may want a helicopter for those . more landing choices !
ddpc-1892	hey there . how are you ?	good , do you like animals ?	yeah , i like cats . i have one .	i have 2 dogs , they are great , where do you work ?	i stay at home with the kids .	are you afraid of heights ? i certainly am	no . do you like tv ?	sure i like tv , what do you watch ?
ddpc-1893	very nice were you born early	i was born in day time . you ?	i was born very late at night	how old are you if you want to share	i am not sure really . you ?	haha how come you do not know your ages .	other people do not know either ?	lol we all know our ages . i am 24
