ner-0000	We are looking for a bilingual secretary . Do you think you are proficient in both written and spoken English ?	I think my English is fairly good . As you can see from my CV , I graduated from university with a B . A . degree in English . I studied the English language and English literature systematically .
ner-0001	Do you remember what the ratings of movies stand for ?	Yes , G stands for General Audiences , PG means Parental Guidance suggested , R is restricted to audiences under 18 and X means explicit content .	Does anyone pay any attention to those ratings anymore ?	Remember when we were kids ? Theaters wouldn't let kids in to PG moves without a parent .
ner-0002	What ’ s on TV tonight ?	Not much , that new reality-TV show , Ally McNeal , oooo , Dark Angel .	Wait a second . I want to watch Ally McNeal .
ner-0003	Look , how grand magnificent the Tiananmen Gate tour is !	What's Tiananmen famous for ?	It is largest pop square in the world.you see that is monument for the people's hero , and the Chairman Mao memorial hall on the south.there is great hall of the people on the west.there are two museums on the east .	What's that ?	That's the Forbidden city on the north of Gate building .	All the sightseeing in china is very attractive and crescive.travelling to China is very worth one.thank you so much for your guides , and I'll miss you .
ner-0004	Hello , Personal Banking . How may I help you ?	Hi there . I'm calling about Personal Internet Banking , what details can you give me ?	Personal Internet Banking is a self service financial service that is based on the Internet . It can be used by both businesses and individuals . We offer an online payment service , Personal Net Banking , which includes services such as account transfers , personal foreign exchange trading . You can also get account management services , online bill payment , for household bills like gas and electricity ...
ner-0005	The Johnson are on their way back.You remember them , don't you ?	Johnson ? I can't place them .
ner-0006	Hi , Jack , how have you been ?	Not very well .	Why ? Looks like you're feeling very down ! What happened ?	Nothing .	Come on . For a man who's feeling so , down , there're usually two reasons . Either his career is going downhill , or he has a broken heart . Since you're so successful , it must be the latter .	Well , you're right . I just broke up with Jane .	Oh , I'm sorry . I thought you two were made for each ocher .	Well , you never know . I'm ready for a commitment and want to settle down , but she says she wants to pursue her career while she's still young .	Well , she is not to blame . It's always difficult to choose between career and family .	Maybe you're right .	Jack , I don't know what to say to comfort you , but cheer up ! There are plenty of fish in the sea and you'll find your soul mate , your perfect match !
ner-0007	Can you give me more details on what is included in the package ?	Sure . The coach leaves at 6:30 a . m . , in front of our office . The drive takes eight hours , with two stops to see some sights .	What about the hotel accommodations ?	You'll be staying at Holiday Inn . It's a three-star hotel with two restaurants and a swimming pool .	Great . What types of things will we do at Lushun Falls ?
ner-0008	You know that ? Joan has got the scholarship .	Really ?	But I think Henry is a backroom boy.He always helps her with her study .
ner-0009	Who do you think is the greatest novelist in the history of English literature ?	Charles Dickens.Actually no one can parallel him in writing .
ner-0010	Did you watch the volleyball match last night ?	Yeah .	Who won ?	China .	What was the score ?	China beat Brazil 3 to 0 .
ner-0011	Hello , Sir . So , you are back ?	Yes , hello again . I would like to know the exact difference between Dividend Deposit and Dividend Participated Deposit .
ner-0012	Allan , I am really disappointed by your lack of effort on this project .	Look , Sally . I ’ Ve put just as much work into this as anybody else .
ner-0013	Have you seen the new James Bond movie ?	Oh , yes . You ?	Yes . What did you think of it ?	I thought it was better than the others-I really liked it . What did you think of it ?	Yes , I liked it , too . It was exciting , but not over the top . Do you know what I mean ?	Mmm . That's what I thought too . I really liked the car chase , and the opening credit sequence was very exciting . And I always enjoy watching Pierce Brosnan .	Oh , yes . He's brilliant . Did you like the title song ?	Not as much as last time , actually . What's the name of the American actor who was in the supporting role ?	Hum , Edward Norton , or something like that . Did you like him ?	Yes . He was excellent . They worked well together , don't you think ?	I don't know . I think the woman was better . She provided a good love interest . Lucky James Bond !
ner-0014	Did you watch the volleyball match last night ?	Yeah .	Who won ?	China .	What was the score ?	China beat Brazil 3 to 0 .
ner-0015	Do you remember what the ratings of movies stand for ?	Yes , G stands for General Audiences , PG means Parental Guidance suggested , R is restricted to audiences under 18 and X means explicit content .	Does anyone pay any attention to those ratings anymore ?	Remember when we were kids ? Theaters wouldn't let kids in to PG moves without a parent .
ner-0016	Hello ! This is Ruby speaking from G . O . T . International Travel Agency . What can I do for you ?	I ’ d like to make a reservation for my trip from Detroit to Beijing on April 13 on Trans Pacific Airline .	Do you want a single ticket or a round trip ticket ?	I ’ d like to have a round trip ticket with a one-year open return .	Economy or Business Class ?	Economy , please . How much is it ?	It will be $ 850 .	Very good . Could I get an electronic ticket ? I ’ m always afraid of losing my tickets .	No problem . How do you wish to pay for it ?	Bank of American card . The number is 6786 9182 12300 8657 .	Thank you ! Would you like an aisle seat or a window seat ?	An aisle seat , please . I ’ m tall and need to get up and walk pretty often .	No problem . Your ticket is for Trans Pacific Flight 87 from Detroit to Beijing at 3 forty p . m . on April 13 . You will arrive at Beijing International Airport at six 35 p . m . on April 14 . Your electronic	What time should I arrive at Detroit Airport ?	Please be at the airport two hours before your departure to check in . You also need to reconfirm your reservation with the airline at least 7 days prior to your departure .	What happens if I can ’ t leave on April 13 ? Can I cancel my ticket or change the reservation to another date ?
ner-0017	Have any plans for the weekend , Tom ?	Yeah , I ’ m going for a hike in the southern Rocky Mountains .	Oh , do you go hiking often ?	I go as much as I can . I love hiking because you can really get in touch with nature .	It would be nice to get out of the city . Do you want some company ?	Sure . But , it will be a long hike , 30 miles in three days . Have you been hiking before ?	Yeah , I go a lot too . I saw a bear and a mountain lion on my last hike .	Wow ! You must have been pretty far away from the city .	Yeah , my friend and I hiked in a very wild part of the national forest .	Well , bring him along too . We ’ ll have a great time this weekend .
ner-0018	Hey , taxi .	Where to , sir ?	Beijing Library .	Hop in , please .	Is it a long ride to Beijing Library ?
ner-0019	I am sorry to have kept all of you waiting . I was delayed by something urgent .	You are not late , Mr . Thomas . There're still 15 minutes to go . Mr . White has just called you .
ner-0020	You are an early bird , Tom . What do you do in the morning then ?	Exercise . The morning hours are the most precious period within a single day . We should not pass them up easily . Seize the time and do something useful .	So , you choose to spend it on bodybuilding . Where do you exercise ?	Usually , I run to the Black Bamboo Park as a warm-up . Admission is free . Then I start my activities .
ner-0021	Mary and Tom are breaking up .	It's unbelievable ! They are only married for one month . Then who is at fault ?	Mary said she couldn't put up with Tom , for he fell in love with another woman .
ner-0022	I'm interested in Chinese antiques .	We have a great variety of Chinese antiques . Besides , we have landscape painting , figure painting and flower-and-bird painting .
ner-0023	Do you know Sally ?	Sally . She is a bachelor girl . She is an excellent designer . Many of the company's advertisements are her child trains .
ner-0024	So what do you think of my new dress ?	I think it's great ! I really like the color , and it goes really well with your eyes . I've actually been eyeing that dress at Maxine's for a while now , but I wasn't sure I could afford ninety-five dollars for a dress at the moment .	Um , ninety-five dollars ?	Yes , that's the price they were advertising it at . I was hoping it might go on sale soon . Why , how much did you pay for it ?	I bought it for one hundred and forty-five dollars at Helen's Boutique . I didn't know I could get it cheaper somewhere else .	Of course ! Everything at Helen's is overpriced , and they sell things that you can find at almost every other clothing store ! Why didn't you shop around ?
ner-0025	So , Paula , where are you from ?	I'm from Canada , originally .
ner-0026	Mary and Tom are breaking up .	It's unbelievable ! They are only married for one month . Then who is at fault ?	Mary said she couldn't put up with Tom , for he fell in love with another woman .
ner-0027	I am sorry to have kept all of you waiting . I was delayed by something urgent .	You are not late , Mr . Thomas . There're still 15 minutes to go . Mr . White has just called you .
ner-0028	We are looking for a bilingual secretary . Do you think you are proficient in both written and spoken English ?	I think my English is fairly good . As you can see from my CV , I graduated from university with a B . A . degree in English . I studied the English language and English literature systematically .
ner-0029	Hey Suzie . Guess what ? I'm having a baby !	Really ? That's so great . Congratulations .	Thanks . I'm so excited . We've been trying for 8 months now .	That's really exciting . How many months are you pregnant ?	Three months .	Are you going to find out if it is a boy or a girl ?	I want to , but Bob doesn't . He wants to be surprised like the old fashioned way .
ner-0030	You are an early bird , Tom . What do you do in the morning then ?	Exercise . The morning hours are the most precious period within a single day . We should not pass them up easily . Seize the time and do something useful .	So , you choose to spend it on bodybuilding . Where do you exercise ?	Usually , I run to the Black Bamboo Park as a warm-up . Admission is free . Then I start my activities .
ner-0031	You know that ? Joan has got the scholarship .	Really ?	But I think Henry is a backroom boy.He always helps her with her study .
ner-0032	Where are you going ?	I'm going to buy a CD .	Why not listen to music online ?	Then I will have to pay quite a lot to listen to music on line , isn't it ?	You can audition music on line , and you can audition it off line after downloading it , so you needn't pay for it .	I have downloaded one , but it still can't be listened .	In order to listen to music , you must have the necessary software .	Can you recommend some to me ?	Certainly . Realplayer is a good .
ner-0033	You still have not given me those files I ’ Ve asked you for .	I ’ m sorry , Mr . Myers . I ’ Ve just been so busy today .
ner-0034	So what do you think of my new dress ?	I think it's great ! I really like the color , and it goes really well with your eyes . I've actually been eyeing that dress at Maxine's for a while now , but I wasn't sure I could afford ninety-five dollars for a dress at the moment .	Um , ninety-five dollars ?	Yes , that's the price they were advertising it at . I was hoping it might go on sale soon . Why , how much did you pay for it ?	I bought it for one hundred and forty-five dollars at Helen's Boutique . I didn't know I could get it cheaper somewhere else .	Of course ! Everything at Helen's is overpriced , and they sell things that you can find at almost every other clothing store ! Why didn't you shop around ?
ner-0035	Hey , Tom , did you enjoy your lunch ?	Oh , don't mention it . It was terrible .	What ' the matter ?	The food station was as crowded as usual . I waited for 20 minutes for my sandwich , and when I finally got it the chicken was underdone .	I see . You simply can't blame the server for this .	Yes , I know . Fast food is so popular in this district .	That's true .	Anyway , how was your such , Catherine ?	It was good . I brought lunch from home today .	You did ? I thought you must feel right at home here as we get as many fast food restaurants as you do in America .	Well , I personally don't like them because I don't believe that they are healthy .	I guess you're right . More often than not , people go there only for convenience . The foods may taste good , but generally speaking , they are high in calories , salt and fat .	Yes . I am wondering that you must believe fast food is our lifestyle , don't you ?	You bet . Almost all top brands such as McDonald's and KFC are from America .
ner-0036	Have you adapted to the lifestyle in China ?	Yeah , almost . But there is one thing .	What ?	I still wonder what privacy meant for Chinese people . I don't mean to say that there's no privacy in China , but ...
ner-0037	I don ’ t want you to be worried , but our son has some bad habits now . He says painful words everyday .	What words ? Can you tell me ?	He says kick mommy , beat mommy , don ’ t want mommy , very quickly if I do something that he doesn ’ t like . You know , if I wash his face or change his clothes , things like that .	Honey , I don ’ t know what to tell you . Of course Tony is a young child . But do not underestimate his ability to learn and reason .	Yes , but sometimes he is just not reasonable .	I suggest you treat him with patience , affection , and respect . If he needs to do something , like go to bed , or be washed , etc . , please guide or help him to get it done , but lead him with gentleness .	It ’ s easy to say , but I will try .	Motivate Tony to cooperate by rewarding his good behavior . Do not emphasize punishment for bad moods , etc . Do not threaten him with punishment if he resists the actions you desire .
ner-0038	have you seen the new Cosmo magazine that I was reading this morning ?	I think I may have seen it on the kitchen table .	you're right , thanks . There's an interesting interview with a top director about his latest film that I want to finish .	who's the director ?	it's Martin Scorsese . You liked his film , The Departed , didn't you ?	yes , it was fantastic ! Can I read the article when you're finished ?	sure . You know it has an online edition , too . You should go online to read if you want to read it now .	that's ok . I'll wait until you're finished . Just out of curiosity , do you have a subscription for that magadize ?	no . I don't buy it regularly enough for it to be worthwhile .	how much does the magadize cost ?	it's almost three pounds now , and I think they're going to put the price up to four pounds soon .	that's quite expensive . Who is their target audience ?	Cosmo mainly has a middle-class readership , but I think circulation will fall dramatically if the price goes up anymore .
ner-0039	Hello ?	Hi , Mr . Smith . This is Mary . Is Jenny there ?
ner-0040	did you watch the Oscars on Sunday night ?	no , but I heard about that Angelina Jolie and Brad Pitt didn't attend .	yes , that was surprising . I heard that they got into a fight and then decided not to go .	they must be the most famous celebrity couple in Hollywood .	they're also one of the richest couples . They have so many money and they can buy almost anything they want .	I also heard that Tom Cruise and Katie Holmes made an appearance at the Oscars .	did either one of them win an Oscar this year ?	I think Tom might have been nominated for one of his films , but I don't think he won anything .
ner-0041	So tell me , what's the difference between the Board of Directors , the CEO , and the stockholders ? They all seems ot be the same group of people to me ...	No , there's a definite difference . You know , the stockholders are the people who own the company ... they're the financial control system . Then there's the CEO — the chief executive officer . He's the hot shot , the main guy who is the boss . If there is only one person with absolute power in the organization , everyone knows that the power will go to their head . It's too dangerous . That's the reason for a Board of Directors . The board is made up of people who are experts in the industry . They could be related to the organization , but more commonly , they are independent and non-biased .
ner-0042	Joe , how are you doing ?	I am great ! How about you , Mary ? How are you ?	I am doing great ! Thank you for asking , Joe .	I was wondering if you want to go see a movie with me tonight ?	I need to stay home tonight and finish my term paper .
ner-0043	have you seen the new Cosmo magazine that I was reading this morning ?	I think I may have seen it on the kitchen table .	you're right , thanks . There's an interesting interview with a top director about his latest film that I want to finish .	who's the director ?	it's Martin Scorsese . You liked his film , The Departed , didn't you ?	yes , it was fantastic ! Can I read the article when you're finished ?	sure . You know it has an online edition , too . You should go online to read if you want to read it now .	that's ok . I'll wait until you're finished . Just out of curiosity , do you have a subscription for that magadize ?	no . I don't buy it regularly enough for it to be worthwhile .	how much does the magadize cost ?	it's almost three pounds now , and I think they're going to put the price up to four pounds soon .	that's quite expensive . Who is their target audience ?	Cosmo mainly has a middle-class readership , but I think circulation will fall dramatically if the price goes up anymore .
ner-0044	What do you mean ? If he was a good programmer , he should have been raking it in .	The boss wanted to pay Bob with stock options . But Bob didn't want to play that game again .	Again ?	At his last start-up , Bob worked for stock and no salary . They folded and he made zip .
ner-0045	Honey , I ’ ll be right back !	Where are you going ?	I told you already ! I ’ m going to get my nails done .	Again ? You just went last week ! You spend more time at the nail salon than you do here at home ! Honestly , why do you need a manicure every week ?	Well , first of all , I like to pamper myself , and my nails look great . You should come with me !	Why ? I don ’ t want to have nail polish or anything like that !	They don ’ t only paint my nails ! The manicurist will remove my cuticles , file my nails , and apply at least nails coats of nail polish !
ner-0046	It's said that John's broken up .	Really ? But his wife has always waited on him hand and foot .	I hear that John's leading a double wife .
ner-0047	Lili , let ’ s take a vacation !	George , how can we ? Vacations cost money . And this month we don ’ t have much money left after paying the rent .	Well , Lili , we can visit different places in the state in our van 10 . We are not going to take a plane or stay at a hotel this time . Trust me , it won ’ t cost much .
ner-0048	Come in , come in !	Hi , Gary , what happened ? I was waiting for you at the theater . Why didn ’ t you meet me there ?
ner-0049	Matthew ? Hi !	Steve ! Haven't seen you in ages ! How long's it been ?	It's got to be almost a year now .	How have you been ?	I'm pretty good . I've been looking for a place to live recently . My lease runs out next month and I don't want to renew it .	Yeah , I remember the neighborhood . Have you found a place yet ?	Not yet . But I am still looking through the classifieds . Wish me luck .	Well , maybe I can help . Remember my neighbor ?	Mrs . Thou ?	Yes , her daughter's having a baby , so she's moving in with her to help out . I think if you are interested , you can come over and have a look .	Great . It's a lovely neighborhood . And it would be nice to be neighbors again . It would be just like the old days !	I'll ask Mrs . Thou when she's available to show the apartment and let you know . Has your number changed ?
ner-0050	Have any plans for the weekend , Tom ?	Yeah , I ’ m going for a hike in the southern Rocky Mountains .	Oh , do you go hiking often ?	I go as much as I can . I love hiking because you can really get in touch with nature .	It would be nice to get out of the city . Do you want some company ?	Sure . But , it will be a long hike , 30 miles in three days . Have you been hiking before ?	Yeah , I go a lot too . I saw a bear and a mountain lion on my last hike .	Wow ! You must have been pretty far away from the city .	Yeah , my friend and I hiked in a very wild part of the national forest .	Well , bring him along too . We ’ ll have a great time this weekend .
ner-0051	Mr . Carter has asked me to come over to invite you to the banquet held in your honor at the Shangri-La Hotel at 7:00 this evening . Here's an invitation for you .	How nice of him . I'll be delighted to go . But what time would be convenient ?	If you could be ready by , say 6:30 o'clock , I'll be at the hotel to pick you up .	That's great . It's most thoughtful of you to do this , Miss Rose .
ner-0052	Do you like cooking ?	I love it . I really enjoy creating a meal from various ingredients and watching my friends enjoy it.It gives me a real sense of satisfaction.Do you enjoy cooking ?	I don ’ t like it.It takes up too much time and I really hate having it clean up after the meal . I can ’ t stand doing the washing up , drying up and putting all the dishes and cutlery away .	You can ask the guests for help . My guests usually insist on doing the washing up . I just have to remind them where everything goes .	So what kinds of dishes do you usually make ? I know you like Italian food .	Italian , Indian and chinese . I ’ Ve only recently started cooking chinese meals and I need some more practice .
ner-0053	Hello Mr Waterstone , what can I do for you today ?	Hello , Becky . Well , you see , I have this thing here , called a Fixed Deposit Certificate , and I've just noticed the date on it .	Oh , I see . You have two choices here you can either redeem or renew .	I think I'll redeem , if that's not a problem .	No problem at all , Mr Waterstone . Any preference as to how you want the money ?
ner-0054	Valerie ! Hi ! Wow how are you ? It ’ s been such a long time !	Darlene ! Indeed , it ’ s been a while ! How have you been ? Wow , you look amazing ! I love what you ’ Ve done with your hair !	Really ? Thanks ! I went to that hair salon that you told me about , but enough about me ! Look at you ! You haven ’ t aged a day since the last time I saw you ! What is your secret !	Ha ha , come on ! Well , I ’ Ve been watching what I eat , and working out three times a week . By the way , I heard your son recently graduated !	Yes , my little Paul is finally a doctor . They grow up so fast you know .
ner-0055	Did you set your clock forward for daylight savings time ?	What ? Why do we have to do that ?	Well , at the start of the spring we usually have more daylight in the mornings and less in the afternoon . This is basically due to our position on the planet and the rotation of the earth . In any case , to take better advantage of the daylight available , we compensate by moving our clocks forward one hour .	I see . That ’ s convenient ! I never understood things like this , such as GMT . I never know what time zone we are in or when to change my clock !	That just stands for Greenwich Mean Time . Here in California , we are in Pacific Standard Time , that is eight time zones west of Greenwich . Remember when we were in Beijing ? Well , then we were in China Standard Time , and that ’ s eight time zones east of Greenwich !
ner-0056	I am calling to find out why I didn ’ t receive an unemployment check this week .	Did you send in your Continued Claim Form for the last period ?
ner-0057	I am calling to find out why I didn ’ t receive an unemployment check this week .	Did you send in your Continued Claim Form for the last period ?
ner-0058	I see Mike farmer has make it into the Olympic team . He beat the national record by 0.1 of a second .	That ’ s great . He ’ s the best runner I ’ Ve seen this season . I ’ m sure he ’ ll win a medal at the Olympics .	I think you ’ re right . I think we have a very good athletics team . They should do well in the Olympics . How many medals do you think we ’ ll win ?	I really don ’ t know . I don ’ t think we ’ ll win many gold medals , but I think we should win several silver and bronze ones .	What do you think our chance are in other events .	In the last Olympics , we did very well in swimming , cycling and ball sports . I think we ’ ll do well in those same events .
ner-0059	Very glad to know something about you , then what are you going to do when you finish .	Oh , I ’ ll go to shanghai to practice there .	That ’ s a good idea . It must be easy to find a job in shanghai .	I think so , you know there is a great deal of opportunity for business there .	And English is very useful in your job .	I think it will be very useful in many ways . Beside , shanghai is an important trade center , not only in China , but also in the world , English is useful in almost all walks of life .
ner-0060	Where are you going ?	I'm going to buy a CD .	Why not listen to music online ?	Then I will have to pay quite a lot to listen to music on line , isn't it ?	You can audition music on line , and you can audition it off line after downloading it , so you needn't pay for it .	I have downloaded one , but it still can't be listened .	In order to listen to music , you must have the necessary software .	Can you recommend some to me ?	Certainly . Realplayer is a good .
ner-0061	You received a letter in the mail .	Give it here .	Who ’ s the letter from ?	I think it ’ s my acceptance letter from NYU .
ner-0062	The Johnson are on their way back.You remember them , don't you ?	Johnson ? I can't place them .
ner-0063	Honey , do you have a second ?	Sure ! Are you okay ? You seem a bit worried.What ’ s on your mind ?	We need to talk .	Okay ...	I ’ Ve been thinking , and well , I think we need to start seeing other people .	What ? Why ? I mean , we ’ Ve had our ups and downs , and we have the occasional disagreement , but we ’ re happy together , aren ’ t we ?	That ’ s just it , I ’ m not happy anymore , Tim . It ’ s not you , it ’ s me . I know that I can be hard to deal with , and you are a great guy ! You are the type of guy that any woman would kill for !	So , what are you saying ? You ’ re breaking up with me because I ’ m perfect ?	Tim , you are too good for me . You deserve someone who can make you smile and make you happy the way that you made me happy . Oh , I could say that I ’ ll be all you need , but that would be a lie . I know I ’ d only hurt you , I know I ’ d only make you cry .	Baby , come on . Don ’ t do this to me ! Whatever it is , we can work it out . Just give me another chance ! I know that we can get through this , but we gotta stick together ! Don ’ t leave me .	I can ’ t , Tim . I hope someday you can find some way to understand I ’ m only doing this for you . I don ’ t really wanna go but , deep in my heart I know this is the kindest thing to do .	Laura ...	Here are your keys . I ’ ll send my sister to pick up the rest of my things next week . I ’ m sorry , Tim . I wish you all the best , and I hope that one day we can meet again . I ’ ll always love you . Goodbye .
ner-0064	Which university did you graduate from ?	I graduated from Peking University .	What was your major at university ?	I studied economics , I am especially interested in the economic development of China .	What course did you like best ?	I like Business Management , and i think it's very useful for the present work .
ner-0065	Where ’ s Sally , Jack ?	She ’ s in the garden , Jane .	What ’ s she doing ?	She ’ s sitting under the tree .	Is Tim in the garden , too ?	Yes , he is . He ’ s climbing the tree .	I beg your pardon ? Who ’ s climbing the tree .	Tim is .
ner-0066	Have any plans for the weekend , Tom ?	Yeah , I ’ m going for a hike in the southern Rocky Mountains .	Oh , do you go hiking often ?	I go as much as I can . I love hiking because you can really get in touch with nature .	It would be nice to get out of the city . Do you want some company ?	Sure . But , it will be a long hike , 30 miles in three days . Have you been hiking before ?	Yeah , I go a lot too . I saw a bear and a mountain lion on my last hike .	Wow ! You must have been pretty far away from the city .	Yeah , my friend and I hiked in a very wild part of the national forest .	Well , bring him along too . We ’ ll have a great time this weekend .
ner-0067	Good morning . Craftsman Company . Can I help you ?	Yes , good morning . This is Mr . Suzuki from Video TV . May I speak to Mr . Johnson ?	I'm sorry , but Mr . Johnson is out at the moment . Can I take a message ?	Uh , yes , okay . Tell him John Suzuki called . That's S-U-Z-U-K-I .	Yes .	From Video TV .	Yes , Video TV .
ner-0068	Mary and Tom are breaking up .	It's unbelievable ! They are only married for one month . Then who is at fault ?	Mary said she couldn't put up with Tom , for he fell in love with another woman .
ner-0069	Hello , Madam . What can we do for you today ?	Hi . I've been sent over from Turner Interiors . They said I need to collect some sort of L / C ? Do you have it ?	I certainly do . Here it is , an Export L / C from Tokyo .	It should be from Sayuri Beds . Is that right ?
ner-0070	I am calling to find out why I didn ’ t receive an unemployment check this week .	Did you send in your Continued Claim Form for the last period ?
ner-0071	Did you set your clock forward for daylight savings time ?	What ? Why do we have to do that ?	Well , at the start of the spring we usually have more daylight in the mornings and less in the afternoon . This is basically due to our position on the planet and the rotation of the earth . In any case , to take better advantage of the daylight available , we compensate by moving our clocks forward one hour .	I see . That ’ s convenient ! I never understood things like this , such as GMT . I never know what time zone we are in or when to change my clock !	That just stands for Greenwich Mean Time . Here in California , we are in Pacific Standard Time , that is eight time zones west of Greenwich . Remember when we were in Beijing ? Well , then we were in China Standard Time , and that ’ s eight time zones east of Greenwich !	That ’ s why it was so weird traveling from Beijing to LA ! Because of the huge time difference , even though we left Beijing at noon and flew for more than eight hours , we still arrived in LA the same day at noon ! It ’ s like we went back in time !
ner-0072	Don ’ t you agree that all the thieves should be punished by cutting off their fingers ?	I ’ m afraid many people would turn thumbs down on it .	Don ’ t you think in that case , there wouldn ’ t be so much stealing ?
ner-0073	Can we choose a time to look at houses together ?	Can you do that in the mornings , or would the afternoons be best ?	Either way is good for me .	There are a number of open houses this weekend in your area . Would that okay with you ?	I can take a little time off of work , or I can go on a weekend , also .	We could meet at the real estate office , or I could pick you up at your home .	I am leaving from work , so maybe I could just meet you at the first house that we will look at .	I can think of five houses that we should look at . It will take most of the day .	I would like to see as many as possible .	When I have confirmed the times with the owners , I will e-mail you our plans for the day .
ner-0074	Excuse me , are you Mrs . Green from England ?	Yes , I am .	I'm pleased to meet you , Mrs . Green . My name is Myra . I work in Beijing Institute of Technology . I came here to meet you .
ner-0075	Check out these wheels !	You bought a compact car ?	No , I borrowed it .	Let me guess , from Sarah . It looks like something she would drive .
ner-0076	So tell me , what's the difference between the Board of Directors , the CEO , and the stockholders ? They all seems ot be the same group of people to me ...	No , there's a definite difference . You know , the stockholders are the people who own the company ... they're the financial control system . Then there's the CEO — the chief executive officer . He's the hot shot , the main guy who is the boss . If there is only one person with absolute power in the organization , everyone knows that the power will go to their head . It's too dangerous . That's the reason for a Board of Directors . The board is made up of people who are experts in the industry . They could be related to the organization , but more commonly , they are independent and non-biased .
ner-0077	You are an early bird , Tom . What do you do in the morning then ?	Exercise . The morning hours are the most precious period within a single day . We should not pass them up easily . Seize the time and do something useful .	So , you choose to spend it on bodybuilding . Where do you exercise ?	Usually , I run to the Black Bamboo Park as a warm-up . Admission is free . Then I start my activities .
ner-0078	Do you understand any other foreign languages besides English ?	Yes , I know a little about Japanese which is similar to Chinese not only in culture but in language itself .	What band did you pass in Japanese Language Proficiency Test ?
ner-0079	Good morning . Craftsman Company . Can I help you ?	Yes , good morning . This is Mr . Suzuki from Video TV . May I speak to Mr . Johnson ?	I'm sorry , but Mr . Johnson is out at the moment . Can I take a message ?	Uh , yes , okay . Tell him John Suzuki called . That's S-U-Z-U-K-I .	Yes .	From Video TV .	Yes , Video TV .
ner-0080	Have any plans for the weekend , Tom ?	Yeah , I ’ m going for a hike in the southern Rocky Mountains .	Oh , do you go hiking often ?	I go as much as I can . I love hiking because you can really get in touch with nature .	It would be nice to get out of the city . Do you want some company ?	Sure . But , it will be a long hike , 30 miles in three days . Have you been hiking before ?	Yeah , I go a lot too . I saw a bear and a mountain lion on my last hike .	Wow ! You must have been pretty far away from the city .	Yeah , my friend and I hiked in a very wild part of the national forest .	Well , bring him along too . We ’ ll have a great time this weekend .
ner-0081	Did you set your clock forward for daylight savings time ?	What ? Why do we have to do that ?	Well , at the start of the spring we usually have more daylight in the mornings and less in the afternoon . This is basically due to our position on the planet and the rotation of the earth . In any case , to take better advantage of the daylight available , we compensate by moving our clocks forward one hour .	I see . That ’ s convenient ! I never understood things like this , such as GMT . I never know what time zone we are in or when to change my clock !	That just stands for Greenwich Mean Time . Here in California , we are in Pacific Standard Time , that is eight time zones west of Greenwich . Remember when we were in Beijing ? Well , then we were in China Standard Time , and that ’ s eight time zones east of Greenwich !
ner-0082	Excuse me . I have an appointment with Mr . Li at nine . May I come in ?	Yes , come in please . I am Mr . Li . You must be My Liu , right ?
ner-0083	Can you help me do an internet search ?	Sure . What do you want to find ?	I want to find information on the American Civil War .	Well , can you be more specific ? There are a lot of websites about that .	Yes , I want to know about the battle of Gettysburg .
ner-0084	did you watch the Oscars on Sunday night ?	no , but I heard about that Angelina Jolie and Brad Pitt didn't attend .	yes , that was surprising . I heard that they got into a fight and then decided not to go .	they must be the most famous celebrity couple in Hollywood .	they're also one of the richest couples . They have so many money and they can buy almost anything they want .	I also heard that Tom Cruise and Katie Holmes made an appearance at the Oscars .
ner-0085	Hello , Personal Banking . How may I help you ?	Hi there . I'm calling about Personal Internet Banking , what details can you give me ?	Personal Internet Banking is a self service financial service that is based on the Internet . It can be used by both businesses and individuals . We offer an online payment service , Personal Net Banking , which includes services such as account transfers , personal foreign exchange trading . You can also get account management services , online bill payment , for household bills like gas and electricity ...
ner-0086	Office Supplies , Inc . Robert speaking , may I help you ?	Hi , Robert . This is Janet Reese calling from American Advertising . We placed an order with you about a week ago .
ner-0087	Good morning.Are you Mr.Liu ?	My name is Liu Lichi . How do you do ?	How do you do ? Please be seated , How is your trip here ?	Quite good , I think . I came here by bus , and it took me about 15 minutes .	Oh , yes.How old are you ?	Twenty .	Hum , still a student ?	Yes , I'm student of grade 3 in the university majoring in economics .	What subjects are you studying ?	English , math , commercial and legal studies , and accountancy .	Have you had any working experience .	Well , I worked at a supermarket during last summer holidays .	What do you like to do in your spare time ?	I like sports very much.Besides that , I also like working on a computer in my spare time .	How are your English and computer skills ?	I have passed the CET - 4 and 6.As far as computer is concerned I can use the computer for word processing .	Okay . Mr.Liu , we'll inform you of the results within a week .
ner-0088	It's said that John's broken up .	Really ? But his wife has always waited on him hand and foot .	I hear that John's leading a double wife .
ner-0089	Hello , Sir . So , you are back ?	Yes , hello again . I would like to know the exact difference between Dividend Deposit and Dividend Participated Deposit .
ner-0090	Ok , honey , time to take down the Christmas tree .	Do we have to ?	Come on , it ’ s losing needles all the time and the branches are sagging .	It ’ s not that bad , besides it really looks nice in that corner . It gives the room a good atmosphere .	A good atmosphere ? The tree is falling apart , and it ’ s messing up the room .	But it makes the place feel so much like Christmas . I ’ d really hate to have to take it down .	But Christmas was two weeks ago ! It ’ s been there only because we ’ Ve been too busy to get rid of it .
ner-0091	Matthew ? Hi !	Steve ! Haven't seen you in ages ! How long's it been ?	It's got to be almost a year now .	How have you been ?	I'm pretty good . I've been looking for a place to live recently . My lease runs out next month and I don't want to renew it .	Yeah , I remember the neighborhood . Have you found a place yet ?	Not yet . But I am still looking through the classifieds . Wish me luck .	Well , maybe I can help . Remember my neighbor ?	Mrs . Thou ?	Yes , her daughter's having a baby , so she's moving in with her to help out . I think if you are interested , you can come over and have a look .	Great . It's a lovely neighborhood . And it would be nice to be neighbors again . It would be just like the old days !	I'll ask Mrs . Thou when she's available to show the apartment and let you know . Has your number changed ?
ner-0092	Have you adapted to the lifestyle in China ?	Yeah , almost . But there is one thing .	What ?	I still wonder what privacy meant for Chinese people . I don't mean to say that there's no privacy in China , but ...
ner-0093	Now , if I look here I see that you completed a BA in English ?	Yes , that ’ s right . After graduating from high school in New York I attended York University in the UK . My major was English , and my minor was business studies . I completed my BA in 2004 .
ner-0094	Did you set your clock forward for daylight savings time ?	What ? Why do we have to do that ?	Well , at the start of the spring we usually have more daylight in the mornings and less in the afternoon . This is basically due to our position on the planet and the rotation of the earth . In any case , to take better advantage of the daylight available , we compensate by moving our clocks forward one hour .	I see . That ’ s convenient ! I never understood things like this , such as GMT . I never know what time zone we are in or when to change my clock !	That just stands for Greenwich Mean Time . Here in California , we are in Pacific Standard Time , that is eight time zones west of Greenwich . Remember when we were in Beijing ? Well , then we were in China Standard Time , and that ’ s eight time zones east of Greenwich !
ner-0095	What date would you like to depart , sir ?	Do you have any seats for September 16th ?
ner-0096	Office Supplies , Inc . Robert speaking , may I help you ?	Hi , Robert . This is Janet Reese calling from American Advertising . We placed an order with you about a week ago .	Yes , Ms . Reese . I remember , you spoke with me . Is there a problem ?
ner-0097	Hey , taxi .	Where to , sir ?	Beijing Library .	Hop in , please .	Is it a long ride to Beijing Library ?
ner-0098	Cindy , how come nearly all the prime-time TV shows are comedies ?	That's because Americans love sitcoms .	Sitcoms ?	Situation comedies . A sitcom is half an hour long and it airs weekly . Sitcom shows tend to be about ordinary people . If there is one thing that all the shows have in common , it is teaching wholesome values .	In Taiwan , prime-time shows are an hour long and most of them aren't comedies .	I think Americans would rather laugh than cry or be scared in their free time .
ner-0099	Jim ? Jim ? ... What are you doing in the kitchen ?	Nothing , Mummy . I was hungry so I came here for some milk .	Milk ? I thought you didn't like milk .	I don't , but I couldn't find anything to eat in the refrigerator .	Nonsense . There's lots of food in the refrigerator ... What's behind your back ?	Nothing .	What are you hiding behind your back ? Let me see .	Promise that you won't get angry .	OK , I promise . What is it ?	It's a kitty .	Oh , Jim . I told you . No pets . It'll make a mess of this house .
ner-0100	Hello ! This is Ruby speaking from G . O . T . International Travel Agency . What can I do for you ?	I ’ d like to make a reservation for my trip from Detroit to Beijing on April 13 on Trans Pacific Airline .	Do you want a single ticket or a round trip ticket ?	I ’ d like to have a round trip ticket with a one-year open return .	Economy or Business Class ?	Economy , please . How much is it ?	It will be $ 850 .	Very good . Could I get an electronic ticket ? I ’ m always afraid of losing my tickets .	No problem . How do you wish to pay for it ?	Bank of American card . The number is 6786 9182 12300 8657 .	Thank you ! Would you like an aisle seat or a window seat ?	An aisle seat , please . I ’ m tall and need to get up and walk pretty often .	No problem . Your ticket is for Trans Pacific Flight 87 from Detroit to Beijing at 3 forty p . m . on April 13 . You will arrive at Beijing International Airport at six 35 p . m . on April 14 . Your electronic	What time should I arrive at Detroit Airport ?	Please be at the airport two hours before your departure to check in . You also need to reconfirm your reservation with the airline at least 7 days prior to your departure .	What happens if I can ’ t leave on April 13 ? Can I cancel my ticket or change the reservation to another date ?
ner-0101	Honey , I have something important to say .	Something important ?	Yes . I have just booked two tickets .	Tickets ? What tickets ?	Two air tickets .	Air tickets ?	Yes . We will fly to Paris the day after tomorrow .	We ? The day after tomorrow ? What are you talking about ?	Today is June 18 , isn ’ t it ?	Yes . So ?	Think about it !	Then it is June 20 the day after tomorrow .	Yes . Think about it carefully .	Oh , come on . Tell me please . Why did you book tickets to Paris ?	Oh , honey ! Don ’ t you remember this important day to us ?	Sorry .	It is our 10th wedding anniversary this June 20 .	Our 10th wedding anniversary ?	Of course . You completely forgot it .	Darling . I think you have made a mistake .	I have made a mistake ?	Yes . We married on July 20 ten years ago .	July 20 ? But I think it should be June 20 .	Yes . We had planned to marry on June 20 , but something happened , so we had to put off our wedding day .
ner-0102	What date would you like to depart , sir ?	Do you have any seats for September 16th ?
ner-0103	I am calling to find out why I didn ’ t receive an unemployment check this week .	Did you send in your Continued Claim Form for the last period ?
ner-0104	Hey Mel ! Are you up for some tennis today ?	Sorry , I can ’ t ! I have to go to work , pick up Jake and Maddie from school , and make them an afternoon snack , then take Jake to soccer practice and Maddie to dance class .
ner-0105	did you watch the Oscars on Sunday night ?	no , but I heard about that Angelina Jolie and Brad Pitt didn't attend .	yes , that was surprising . I heard that they got into a fight and then decided not to go .	they must be the most famous celebrity couple in Hollywood .	they're also one of the richest couples . They have so many money and they can buy almost anything they want .	I also heard that Tom Cruise and Katie Holmes made an appearance at the Oscars .	did either one of them win an Oscar this year ?	I think Tom might have been nominated for one of his films , but I don't think he won anything .
ner-0106	Good afternoon . Can I be of service ?	I don't know . Can I purchase Treasury Certificates here at this counter ?
ner-0107	What dressing would you like on the salad ?	French dressing , please .	I beg your pardon ?	Oh , French dressing .
ner-0108	Mr . Carter has asked me to come over to invite you to the banquet held in your honor at the Shangri-La Hotel at 7:00 this evening . Here's an invitation for you .	How nice of him . I'll be delighted to go . But what time would be convenient ?	If you could be ready by , say 6:30 o'clock , I'll be at the hotel to pick you up .	That's great . It's most thoughtful of you to do this , Miss Rose .
ner-0109	Hey Suzie . Guess what ? I'm having a baby !	Really ? That's so great . Congratulations .	Thanks . I'm so excited . We've been trying for 8 months now .	That's really exciting . How many months are you pregnant ?	Three months .	Are you going to find out if it is a boy or a girl ?	I want to , but Bob doesn't . He wants to be surprised like the old fashioned way .
ner-0110	Now , if I look here I see that you completed a BA in English ?	Yes , that ’ s right . After graduating from high school in New York I attended York University in the UK . My major was English , and my minor was business studies . I completed my BA in 2004 .
ner-0111	I have to get to Chicago by tomorrow and you're telling me that there are no flights ?	I'm very sorry , sir . I could put you on a waiting list , but you would be wise to check out other means of travel .	You mean like a bus ? Have you ever traveled for ten hours on a bus before ?	I have not sir . But I do have a number for a very comfortable bus that goes to Chicago every hour from here .
ner-0112	Excuse me . I have an appointment with Mr . Li at nine . May I come in ?	Yes , come in please . I am Mr . Li . You must be My Liu , right ?
ner-0113	Honey , I have something important to say .	Something important ?	Yes . I have just booked two tickets .	Tickets ? What tickets ?	Two air tickets .	Air tickets ?	Yes . We will fly to Paris the day after tomorrow .	We ? The day after tomorrow ? What are you talking about ?	Today is June 18 , isn ’ t it ?	Yes . So ?	Think about it !	Then it is June 20 the day after tomorrow .	Yes . Think about it carefully .	Oh , come on . Tell me please . Why did you book tickets to Paris ?	Oh , honey ! Don ’ t you remember this important day to us ?	Sorry .	It is our 10th wedding anniversary this June 20 .	Our 10th wedding anniversary ?	Of course . You completely forgot it .	Darling . I think you have made a mistake .	I have made a mistake ?	Yes . We married on July 20 ten years ago .	July 20 ? But I think it should be June 20 .	Yes . We had planned to marry on June 20 , but something happened , so we had to put off our wedding day .
ner-0114	So Dick , how about getting some coffee for tonight ?	Coffee ? I don ’ t honestly like that kind of stuff .	Come on , you can at least try a little , besides your cigarette .	What ’ s wrong with that ? Cigarette is the thing I go crazy for .	Not for me , Dick .
ner-0115	Good morning . I ’ m from the New York book review . Could I ask you some questions about your latest book ?	Sure . Take a seat ... what would you like to know ?	First , I ’ Ve heard that your latest book is based on a true story .
ner-0116	What dressing would you like on the salad ?	French dressing , please .	I beg your pardon ?	Oh , French dressing .
ner-0117	Very glad to know something about you , then what are you going to do when you finish .	Oh , I ’ ll go to shanghai to practice there .	That ’ s a good idea . It must be easy to find a job in shanghai .	I think so , you know there is a great deal of opportunity for business there .	And English is very useful in your job .	I think it will be very useful in many ways . Beside , shanghai is an important trade center , not only in China , but also in the world , English is useful in almost all walks of life .
ner-0118	So tell me , what's the difference between the Board of Directors , the CEO , and the stockholders ? They all seems ot be the same group of people to me ...	No , there's a definite difference . You know , the stockholders are the people who own the company ... they're the financial control system . Then there's the CEO — the chief executive officer . He's the hot shot , the main guy who is the boss . If there is only one person with absolute power in the organization , everyone knows that the power will go to their head . It's too dangerous . That's the reason for a Board of Directors . The board is made up of people who are experts in the industry . They could be related to the organization , but more commonly , they are independent and non-biased .
ner-0119	Hello ?	Hi , Mr . Smith . This is Mary . Is Jenny there ?
ner-0120	have you ever been to Disneyworld ?	when I was young , my parents took me to the one in California . I always forget which — is that one Disneyland or Disneyworld ?
ner-0121	Matthew ? Hi !	Steve ! Haven't seen you in ages ! How long's it been ?	It's got to be almost a year now .	How have you been ?	I'm pretty good . I've been looking for a place to live recently . My lease runs out next month and I don't want to renew it .	Yeah , I remember the neighborhood . Have you found a place yet ?	Not yet . But I am still looking through the classifieds . Wish me luck .	Well , maybe I can help . Remember my neighbor ?	Mrs . Thou ?	Yes , her daughter's having a baby , so she's moving in with her to help out . I think if you are interested , you can come over and have a look .	Great . It's a lovely neighborhood . And it would be nice to be neighbors again . It would be just like the old days !	I'll ask Mrs . Thou when she's available to show the apartment and let you know . Has your number changed ?
ner-0122	Room service.What can I do for you ?	l am afraid there isn't any fancy soap in my room .
ner-0123	Joe , how are you doing ?	I am great ! How about you , Mary ? How are you ?	I am doing great ! Thank you for asking , Joe .
ner-0124	Honey , I ’ ll be right back !	Where are you going ?	I told you already ! I ’ m going to get my nails done .	Again ? You just went last week ! You spend more time at the nail salon than you do here at home ! Honestly , why do you need a manicure every week ?	Well , first of all , I like to pamper myself , and my nails look great . You should come with me !	Why ? I don ’ t want to have nail polish or anything like that !	They don ’ t only paint my nails ! The manicurist will remove my cuticles , file my nails , and apply at least nails coats of nail polish !
ner-0125	Hi , Jack , how have you been ?	Not very well .	Why ? Looks like you're feeling very down ! What happened ?	Nothing .	Come on . For a man who's feeling so , down , there're usually two reasons . Either his career is going downhill , or he has a broken heart . Since you're so successful , it must be the latter .	Well , you're right . I just broke up with Jane .	Oh , I'm sorry . I thought you two were made for each ocher .	Well , you never know . I'm ready for a commitment and want to settle down , but she says she wants to pursue her career while she's still young .	Well , she is not to blame . It's always difficult to choose between career and family .	Maybe you're right .	Jack , I don't know what to say to comfort you , but cheer up ! There are plenty of fish in the sea and you'll find your soul mate , your perfect match !
ner-0126	You are an early bird , Tom . What do you do in the morning then ?	Exercise . The morning hours are the most precious period within a single day . We should not pass them up easily . Seize the time and do something useful .	So , you choose to spend it on bodybuilding . Where do you exercise ?	Usually , I run to the Black Bamboo Park as a warm-up . Admission is free . Then I start my activities .
ner-0127	So tell me , what's the difference between the Board of Directors , the CEO , and the stockholders ? They all seems ot be the same group of people to me ...	No , there's a definite difference . You know , the stockholders are the people who own the company ... they're the financial control system . Then there's the CEO — the chief executive officer . He's the hot shot , the main guy who is the boss . If there is only one person with absolute power in the organization , everyone knows that the power will go to their head . It's too dangerous . That's the reason for a Board of Directors . The board is made up of people who are experts in the industry . They could be related to the organization , but more commonly , they are independent and non-biased .
ner-0128	I'm interested in Chinese antiques .	We have a great variety of Chinese antiques . Besides , we have landscape painting , figure painting and flower-and-bird painting .
ner-0129	Hello , Madam . What can we do for you today ?	Hi . I've been sent over from Turner Interiors . They said I need to collect some sort of L / C ? Do you have it ?	I certainly do . Here it is , an Export L / C from Tokyo .	It should be from Sayuri Beds . Is that right ?
ner-0130	I am calling to find out why I didn ’ t receive an unemployment check this week .	Did you send in your Continued Claim Form for the last period ?
ner-0131	Can we choose a time to look at houses together ?	Can you do that in the mornings , or would the afternoons be best ?	Either way is good for me .	There are a number of open houses this weekend in your area . Would that okay with you ?	I can take a little time off of work , or I can go on a weekend , also .	We could meet at the real estate office , or I could pick you up at your home .	I am leaving from work , so maybe I could just meet you at the first house that we will look at .	I can think of five houses that we should look at . It will take most of the day .	I would like to see as many as possible .	When I have confirmed the times with the owners , I will e-mail you our plans for the day .
ner-0132	You received a letter in the mail .	Give it here .	Who ’ s the letter from ?	I think it ’ s my acceptance letter from NYU .
ner-0133	Did you set your clock forward for daylight savings time ?	What ? Why do we have to do that ?	Well , at the start of the spring we usually have more daylight in the mornings and less in the afternoon . This is basically due to our position on the planet and the rotation of the earth . In any case , to take better advantage of the daylight available , we compensate by moving our clocks forward one hour .	I see . That ’ s convenient ! I never understood things like this , such as GMT . I never know what time zone we are in or when to change my clock !	That just stands for Greenwich Mean Time . Here in California , we are in Pacific Standard Time , that is eight time zones west of Greenwich . Remember when we were in Beijing ? Well , then we were in China Standard Time , and that ’ s eight time zones east of Greenwich !	That ’ s why it was so weird traveling from Beijing to LA ! Because of the huge time difference , even though we left Beijing at noon and flew for more than eight hours , we still arrived in LA the same day at noon ! It ’ s like we went back in time !
ner-0134	Good afternoon . Can I be of service ?	I don't know . Can I purchase Treasury Certificates here at this counter ?
ner-0135	Hi , Jack , how have you been ?	Not very well .	Why ? Looks like you're feeling very down ! What happened ?	Nothing .	Come on . For a man who's feeling so , down , there're usually two reasons . Either his career is going downhill , or he has a broken heart . Since you're so successful , it must be the latter .	Well , you're right . I just broke up with Jane .	Oh , I'm sorry . I thought you two were made for each ocher .	Well , you never know . I'm ready for a commitment and want to settle down , but she says she wants to pursue her career while she's still young .	Well , she is not to blame . It's always difficult to choose between career and family .	Maybe you're right .	Jack , I don't know what to say to comfort you , but cheer up ! There are plenty of fish in the sea and you'll find your soul mate , your perfect match !
ner-0136	Office Supplies , Inc . Robert speaking , may I help you ?	Hi , Robert . This is Janet Reese calling from American Advertising . We placed an order with you about a week ago .	Yes , Ms . Reese . I remember , you spoke with me . Is there a problem ?
ner-0137	I do want to meet with you and take a look at your catalogue . We ’ re redecorating and are going to add some things .	Well , I ’ ll be glad to help you out . I can come out anytime on Tuesday or Thursday of next week .	Let ’ s put it down for 1:15 on Thursday . We ’ ll definitely need some new filing cabinets and at least one desk unit .
ner-0138	Joe , how are you doing ?	I am great ! How about you , Mary ? How are you ?	I am doing great ! Thank you for asking , Joe .	I was wondering if you want to go see a movie with me tonight ?	I need to stay home tonight and finish my term paper .
ner-0139	Honey , do you have a second ?	Sure ! Are you okay ? You seem a bit worried.What ’ s on your mind ?	We need to talk .	Okay ...	I ’ Ve been thinking , and well , I think we need to start seeing other people .	What ? Why ? I mean , we ’ Ve had our ups and downs , and we have the occasional disagreement , but we ’ re happy together , aren ’ t we ?	That ’ s just it , I ’ m not happy anymore , Tim . It ’ s not you , it ’ s me . I know that I can be hard to deal with , and you are a great guy ! You are the type of guy that any woman would kill for !	So , what are you saying ? You ’ re breaking up with me because I ’ m perfect ?	Tim , you are too good for me . You deserve someone who can make you smile and make you happy the way that you made me happy . Oh , I could say that I ’ ll be all you need , but that would be a lie . I know I ’ d only hurt you , I know I ’ d only make you cry .	Baby , come on . Don ’ t do this to me ! Whatever it is , we can work it out . Just give me another chance ! I know that we can get through this , but we gotta stick together ! Don ’ t leave me .	I can ’ t , Tim . I hope someday you can find some way to understand I ’ m only doing this for you . I don ’ t really wanna go but , deep in my heart I know this is the kindest thing to do .	Laura ...	Here are your keys . I ’ ll send my sister to pick up the rest of my things next week . I ’ m sorry , Tim . I wish you all the best , and I hope that one day we can meet again . I ’ ll always love you . Goodbye .
ner-0140	Mary and Tom are breaking up .	It's unbelievable ! They are only married for one month . Then who is at fault ?	Mary said she couldn't put up with Tom , for he fell in love with another woman .
ner-0141	Do you know Sally ?	Sally . She is a bachelor girl . She is an excellent designer . Many of the company's advertisements are her child trains .
ner-0142	Hey Mel ! Are you up for some tennis today ?	Sorry , I can ’ t ! I have to go to work , pick up Jake and Maddie from school , and make them an afternoon snack , then take Jake to soccer practice and Maddie to dance class .
ner-0143	Hello , Oriental Hotel .	I'd like to speak to Michael Baker , please .
ner-0144	Welcome to China , Mr . Smith .	Thank you . So pleasant to meet you here !	I heard that you are interested in our silk skirts and new style of coats .	Yes , I've brought a list of your recent products with me . We'd like to import some of your latest clothes for the second half of this year . We're ready to place an order with you .	Great ! B , most of the items listed are available this year . I hope we can come to an agreement and sign the contracts , so as to enable our timely delivery .
ner-0145	Where's Mrs . Johnson ?	Just call her Lisa , Mary . She's cooking dinner .	I see . Can I sit down ?	Of course ! Make yourself at home .	Thank you , Mr . Johnson .	Please , just call me Tom .	Okay , Tom .
ner-0146	Hi , Jack , how have you been ?	Not very well .	Why ? Looks like you're feeling very down ! What happened ?	Nothing .	Come on . For a man who's feeling so , down , there're usually two reasons . Either his career is going downhill , or he has a broken heart . Since you're so successful , it must be the latter .	Well , you're right . I just broke up with Jane .	Oh , I'm sorry . I thought you two were made for each ocher .	Well , you never know . I'm ready for a commitment and want to settle down , but she says she wants to pursue her career while she's still young .	Well , she is not to blame . It's always difficult to choose between career and family .	Maybe you're right .	Jack , I don't know what to say to comfort you , but cheer up ! There are plenty of fish in the sea and you'll find your soul mate , your perfect match !
ner-0147	Have you heard of Paul ?	No , what ?	He's got a promotion .	You're kidding .	No , they made him vicepresident in charge of sells .	Oh , I don't believe it . He is only being with the company for two years .	Well , it's true . The board man last thirdly and they choice Paul .
ner-0148	What seems to be the trouble , Mr . Brown ?	I'm in pretty bad shape , Dr . Ford .	Oh , in what way ?	No appetite , always on edge , and I can't sleep well .	Did you lose any weight ?	Yes , I have lost quite a few pounds since last month .	When was the last time you had a check-up ?	About two month ago .	Let me take your blood pressure . You look anemic .	Well , Mr . Brown , I'm happy to say it's nothing serious .
ner-0149	Jim ? Jim ? ... What are you doing in the kitchen ?	Nothing , Mummy . I was hungry so I came here for some milk .	Milk ? I thought you didn't like milk .	I don't , but I couldn't find anything to eat in the refrigerator .	Nonsense . There's lots of food in the refrigerator ... What's behind your back ?	Nothing .	What are you hiding behind your back ? Let me see .	Promise that you won't get angry .	OK , I promise . What is it ?	It's a kitty .	Oh , Jim . I told you . No pets . It'll make a mess of this house .
ner-0150	how are you doing , Christopher ?	to be honest , I'm really fed up with work at the moment . I need a break !	are you doing anything this weekend ?	I have to work on Saturday all day ! I really hate my job !	are you available on Sunday ?
ner-0151	I do want to meet with you and take a look at your catalogue . We ’ re redecorating and are going to add some things .	Well , I ’ ll be glad to help you out . I can come out anytime on Tuesday or Thursday of next week .	Let ’ s put it down for 1:15 on Thursday . We ’ ll definitely need some new filing cabinets and at least one desk unit .
ner-0152	What seems to be the trouble , Mr . Brown ?	I'm in pretty bad shape , Dr . Ford .	Oh , in what way ?	No appetite , always on edge , and I can't sleep well .	Did you lose any weight ?	Yes , I have lost quite a few pounds since last month .	When was the last time you had a check-up ?	About two month ago .	Let me take your blood pressure . You look anemic .	Well , Mr . Brown , I'm happy to say it's nothing serious .
ner-0153	Valerie ! Hi ! Wow how are you ? It ’ s been such a long time !	Darlene ! Indeed , it ’ s been a while ! How have you been ? Wow , you look amazing ! I love what you ’ Ve done with your hair !	Really ? Thanks ! I went to that hair salon that you told me about , but enough about me ! Look at you ! You haven ’ t aged a day since the last time I saw you ! What is your secret !	Ha ha , come on ! Well , I ’ Ve been watching what I eat , and working out three times a week . By the way , I heard your son recently graduated !	Yes , my little Paul is finally a doctor . They grow up so fast you know .
ner-0154	Hi Joe , how are you doing today ?	Things are going good today . How have you been doing , Mary ?
ner-0155	Have any plans for the weekend , Tom ?	Yeah , I ’ m going for a hike in the southern Rocky Mountains .	Oh , do you go hiking often ?	I go as much as I can . I love hiking because you can really get in touch with nature .	It would be nice to get out of the city . Do you want some company ?	Sure . But , it will be a long hike , 30 miles in three days . Have you been hiking before ?	Yeah , I go a lot too . I saw a bear and a mountain lion on my last hike .	Wow ! You must have been pretty far away from the city .	Yeah , my friend and I hiked in a very wild part of the national forest .	Well , bring him along too . We ’ ll have a great time this weekend .
ner-0156	Have you seen the new James Bond movie ?	Oh , yes . You ?	Yes . What did you think of it ?	I thought it was better than the others-I really liked it . What did you think of it ?	Yes , I liked it , too . It was exciting , but not over the top . Do you know what I mean ?	Mmm . That's what I thought too . I really liked the car chase , and the opening credit sequence was very exciting . And I always enjoy watching Pierce Brosnan .	Oh , yes . He's brilliant . Did you like the title song ?	Not as much as last time , actually . What's the name of the American actor who was in the supporting role ?	Hum , Edward Norton , or something like that . Did you like him ?	Yes . He was excellent . They worked well together , don't you think ?	I don't know . I think the woman was better . She provided a good love interest . Lucky James Bond !
ner-0157	What do you mean ? If he was a good programmer , he should have been raking it in .	The boss wanted to pay Bob with stock options . But Bob didn't want to play that game again .	Again ?	At his last start-up , Bob worked for stock and no salary . They folded and he made zip .
ner-0158	You still have not given me those files I ’ Ve asked you for .	I ’ m sorry , Mr . Myers . I ’ Ve just been so busy today .
ner-0159	Cindy , how come nearly all the prime-time TV shows are comedies ?	That's because Americans love sitcoms .	Sitcoms ?	Situation comedies . A sitcom is half an hour long and it airs weekly . Sitcom shows tend to be about ordinary people . If there is one thing that all the shows have in common , it is teaching wholesome values .	In Taiwan , prime-time shows are an hour long and most of them aren't comedies .	I think Americans would rather laugh than cry or be scared in their free time .
ner-0160	did you watch the Oscars on Sunday night ?	no , but I heard about that Angelina Jolie and Brad Pitt didn't attend .	yes , that was surprising . I heard that they got into a fight and then decided not to go .	they must be the most famous celebrity couple in Hollywood .	they're also one of the richest couples . They have so many money and they can buy almost anything they want .	I also heard that Tom Cruise and Katie Holmes made an appearance at the Oscars .
ner-0161	Who do you think is the greatest novelist in the history of English literature ?	Charles Dickens.Actually no one can parallel him in writing .
ner-0162	Do you know Sally ?	Sally . She is a bachelor girl . She is an excellent designer . Many of the company's advertisements are her child trains .
ner-0163	We have another traditional holiday-the Dragon Boat Festival .	When is it ?	It falls on the fifth day of the fifth lunar month .	Could you tell me the origin of the two festivals ?	OK . The Dragon Boat Festival is a way to commemorate a great ancient poet named Quyuan . On that day , people will hold a boat race as a symbol of the attempt to save him who threw himself into the river .
ner-0164	Now , if I look here I see that you completed a BA in English ?	Yes , that ’ s right . After graduating from high school in New York I attended York University in the UK . My major was English , and my minor was business studies . I completed my BA in 2004 .
ner-0165	Don ’ t you agree that all the thieves should be punished by cutting off their fingers ?	I ’ m afraid many people would turn thumbs down on it .	Don ’ t you think in that case , there wouldn ’ t be so much stealing ?
ner-0166	Have any plans for the weekend , Tom ?	Yeah , I ’ m going for a hike in the southern Rocky Mountains .	Oh , do you go hiking often ?	I go as much as I can . I love hiking because you can really get in touch with nature .	It would be nice to get out of the city . Do you want some company ?	Sure . But , it will be a long hike , 30 miles in three days . Have you been hiking before ?	Yeah , I go a lot too . I saw a bear and a mountain lion on my last hike .	Wow ! You must have been pretty far away from the city .	Yeah , my friend and I hiked in a very wild part of the national forest .	Well , bring him along too . We ’ ll have a great time this weekend .
ner-0167	What do you think about this store ? I heard it ’ s a posh store that ’ s only got branches in big cities .	I love this store . The only problem is that it ’ s extremely expensive .	Don ’ t worry . I ’ Ve decided that for your birthday I ’ m going to take you shopping for a new dress .
ner-0168	Do you know Sally ?	Sally . She is a bachelor girl . She is an excellent designer . Many of the company's advertisements are her child trains .
ner-0169	I need something to wash this down . Is there any juice in the fridge ?	What is that ? It looks like something from a swamp !	It's a green drink . It's supposed to be full of vitamins and minerals .	You know , healthy eating doesn't have to make you gag .	The sales lady said that even if I eat right , I wouldn't get enough vitamins .	Have you ever tried it ? Or are you just going to believe the sales lady ?	It's easier to drink this once a day than eat fruit and vegetables all day .
ner-0170	I need something to wash this down . Is there any juice in the fridge ?	What is that ? It looks like something from a swamp !	It's a green drink . It's supposed to be full of vitamins and minerals .	You know , healthy eating doesn't have to make you gag .	The sales lady said that even if I eat right , I wouldn't get enough vitamins .	Have you ever tried it ? Or are you just going to believe the sales lady ?	It's easier to drink this once a day than eat fruit and vegetables all day .
ner-0171	Mr . Carter has asked me to come over to invite you to the banquet held in your honor at the Shangri-La Hotel at 7:00 this evening . Here's an invitation for you .	How nice of him . I'll be delighted to go . But what time would be convenient ?	If you could be ready by , say 6:30 o'clock , I'll be at the hotel to pick you up .	That's great . It's most thoughtful of you to do this , Miss Rose .
ner-0172	Hey , Tom , did you enjoy your lunch ?	Oh , don't mention it . It was terrible .	What ' the matter ?	The food station was as crowded as usual . I waited for 20 minutes for my sandwich , and when I finally got it the chicken was underdone .	I see . You simply can't blame the server for this .	Yes , I know . Fast food is so popular in this district .	That's true .	Anyway , how was your such , Catherine ?	It was good . I brought lunch from home today .	You did ? I thought you must feel right at home here as we get as many fast food restaurants as you do in America .	Well , I personally don't like them because I don't believe that they are healthy .	I guess you're right . More often than not , people go there only for convenience . The foods may taste good , but generally speaking , they are high in calories , salt and fat .	Yes . I am wondering that you must believe fast food is our lifestyle , don't you ?	You bet . Almost all top brands such as McDonald's and KFC are from America .
ner-0173	Look , how grand magnificent the Tiananmen Gate tour is !	What's Tiananmen famous for ?	It is largest pop square in the world.you see that is monument for the people's hero , and the Chairman Mao memorial hall on the south.there is great hall of the people on the west.there are two museums on the east .	What's that ?	That's the Forbidden city on the north of Gate building .	All the sightseeing in china is very attractive and crescive.travelling to China is very worth one.thank you so much for your guides , and I'll miss you .
ner-0174	I am sorry to have kept all of you waiting . I was delayed by something urgent .	You are not late , Mr . Thomas . There're still 15 minutes to go . Mr . White has just called you .
ner-0175	Hello .	Good morning , Ruth . Did I wake you up ?	No , I was just about to get up . What's up , Carl ?	Listen , I am calling to confirm what you said yesterday . Are we supposed to meet at the Chinatown terminal of the Avenue B bus or D bus ?	B as in boy . You should get off at the last stop in Chinatown .	Oh , you mean Canal Street ?
ner-0176	Ok , honey , time to take down the Christmas tree .	Do we have to ?	Come on , it ’ s losing needles all the time and the branches are sagging .	It ’ s not that bad , besides it really looks nice in that corner . It gives the room a good atmosphere .	A good atmosphere ? The tree is falling apart , and it ’ s messing up the room .	But it makes the place feel so much like Christmas . I ’ d really hate to have to take it down .	But Christmas was two weeks ago ! It ’ s been there only because we ’ Ve been too busy to get rid of it .
ner-0177	You know that ? Joan has got the scholarship .	Really ?	But I think Henry is a backroom boy.He always helps her with her study .
ner-0178	Do you like cooking ?	I love it . I really enjoy creating a meal from various ingredients and watching my friends enjoy it.It gives me a real sense of satisfaction.Do you enjoy cooking ?	I don ’ t like it.It takes up too much time and I really hate having it clean up after the meal . I can ’ t stand doing the washing up , drying up and putting all the dishes and cutlery away .	You can ask the guests for help . My guests usually insist on doing the washing up . I just have to remind them where everything goes .	So what kinds of dishes do you usually make ? I know you like Italian food .	Italian , Indian and chinese . I ’ Ve only recently started cooking chinese meals and I need some more practice .
ner-0179	Good morning.Are you Mr.Liu ?	My name is Liu Lichi . How do you do ?	How do you do ? Please be seated , How is your trip here ?	Quite good , I think . I came here by bus , and it took me about 15 minutes .	Oh , yes.How old are you ?	Twenty .	Hum , still a student ?	Yes , I'm student of grade 3 in the university majoring in economics .	What subjects are you studying ?	English , math , commercial and legal studies , and accountancy .	Have you had any working experience .	Well , I worked at a supermarket during last summer holidays .	What do you like to do in your spare time ?	I like sports very much.Besides that , I also like working on a computer in my spare time .	How are your English and computer skills ?	I have passed the CET - 4 and 6.As far as computer is concerned I can use the computer for word processing .	Okay . Mr.Liu , we'll inform you of the results within a week .
ner-0180	We have another traditional holiday-the Dragon Boat Festival .	When is it ?	It falls on the fifth day of the fifth lunar month .	Could you tell me the origin of the two festivals ?	OK . The Dragon Boat Festival is a way to commemorate a great ancient poet named Quyuan . On that day , people will hold a boat race as a symbol of the attempt to save him who threw himself into the river .
ner-0181	Hi . What's your name ?	My name is Jung Min . What's your name ?	My name is Jessica . It's nice to meet you .	Yes . It's nice to meet you too . Are you a new student too ?	No . I'm a sophomore . I take it you are a new student ?	Yeah . It's pretty exciting to be here .	Have fun while it lasts . The excitement wears off real quick . Especially after you see how much homework you get . Where are you from ?	I'm from Korea . My parents wanted me to go to an American university , so I came here .	I have never been to Korea . I've been to Japan before , but never Korea .
ner-0182	have you ever been to Disneyworld ?	when I was young , my parents took me to the one in California . I always forget which — is that one Disneyland or Disneyworld ?
ner-0183	What ’ s on TV tonight ?	Not much , that new reality-TV show , Ally McNeal , oooo , Dark Angel .	Wait a second . I want to watch Ally McNeal .
ner-0184	What do you think about this store ? I heard it ’ s a posh store that ’ s only got branches in big cities .	I love this store . The only problem is that it ’ s extremely expensive .	Don ’ t worry . I ’ Ve decided that for your birthday I ’ m going to take you shopping for a new dress .
ner-0185	Are there any interesting stories in the newspaper today ?	There are a few stories about natural disasters . There is a massive forest fire in Australia . It covers several square kilometers of land has destroyed many more square kilometers .	Was it caused accidentally or naturally ? Sometimes it gets so hot that fires begin naturally in Australia and Africa .	Nobody knows at the moment , but it has been very hot there recently . The drought in Africa is causing starvation . Millions of people have migrated to try and find food .
ner-0186	Room service.What can I do for you ?	l am afraid there isn't any fancy soap in my room .
ner-0187	You know that ? Joan has got the scholarship .	Really ?	But I think Henry is a backroom boy.He always helps her with her study .
ner-0188	Allan , I am really disappointed by your lack of effort on this project .	Look , Sally . I ’ Ve put just as much work into this as anybody else .
ner-0189	Office Supplies , Inc . Robert speaking , may I help you ?	Hi , Robert . This is Janet Reese calling from American Advertising . We placed an order with you about a week ago .
ner-0190	Have you heard of Paul ?	No , what ?	He's got a promotion .	You're kidding .	No , they made him vicepresident in charge of sells .	Oh , I don't believe it . He is only being with the company for two years .	Well , it's true . The board man last thirdly and they choice Paul .
ner-0191	Hello , Oriental Hotel .	I'd like to speak to Michael Baker , please .
ner-0192	David , I ’ m going to China .	Really ? How did you get the chance ?	You know . I took part in the Chinese contest . I was the best and they gave me this reward . I don ’ t have to pay for my trip .	Congratulations . How lucky you are !	Thank you . I ’ m leaving tomorrow morning .	I ’ m sure you ’ ll enjoy the trip . China is such a beautiful country .
ner-0193	Hello .	Good morning , Ruth . Did I wake you up ?	No , I was just about to get up . What's up , Carl ?	Listen , I am calling to confirm what you said yesterday . Are we supposed to meet at the Chinatown terminal of the Avenue B bus or D bus ?	B as in boy . You should get off at the last stop in Chinatown .	Oh , you mean Canal Street ?
ner-0194	Can you help me do an internet search ?	Sure . What do you want to find ?	I want to find information on the American Civil War .	Well , can you be more specific ? There are a lot of websites about that .	Yes , I want to know about the battle of Gettysburg .
ner-0195	I see Mike farmer has make it into the Olympic team . He beat the national record by 0.1 of a second .	That ’ s great . He ’ s the best runner I ’ Ve seen this season . I ’ m sure he ’ ll win a medal at the Olympics .	I think you ’ re right . I think we have a very good athletics team . They should do well in the Olympics . How many medals do you think we ’ ll win ?	I really don ’ t know . I don ’ t think we ’ ll win many gold medals , but I think we should win several silver and bronze ones .	What do you think our chance are in other events .	In the last Olympics , we did very well in swimming , cycling and ball sports . I think we ’ ll do well in those same events .
ner-0196	I don ’ t want you to be worried , but our son has some bad habits now . He says painful words everyday .	What words ? Can you tell me ?	He says kick mommy , beat mommy , don ’ t want mommy , very quickly if I do something that he doesn ’ t like . You know , if I wash his face or change his clothes , things like that .	Honey , I don ’ t know what to tell you . Of course Tony is a young child . But do not underestimate his ability to learn and reason .
ner-0197	Do you understand any other foreign languages besides English ?	Yes , I know a little about Japanese which is similar to Chinese not only in culture but in language itself .	What band did you pass in Japanese Language Proficiency Test ?
ner-0198	Check out these wheels !	You bought a compact car ?	No , I borrowed it .	Let me guess , from Sarah . It looks like something she would drive .
ner-0199	Mr . Carter has asked me to come over to invite you to the banquet held in your honor at the Shangri-La Hotel at 7:00 this evening . Here's an invitation for you .	How nice of him . I'll be delighted to go . But what time would be convenient ?	If you could be ready by , say 6:30 o'clock , I'll be at the hotel to pick you up .	That's great . It's most thoughtful of you to do this , Miss Rose .
ner-0200	Mary and Tom are breaking up .	It's unbelievable ! They are only married for one month . Then who is at fault ?	Mary said she couldn't put up with Tom , for he fell in love with another woman .
ner-0201	Where's Mrs . Johnson ?	Just call her Lisa , Mary . She's cooking dinner .	I see . Can I sit down ?	Of course ! Make yourself at home .	Thank you , Mr . Johnson .	Please , just call me Tom .	Okay , Tom .
ner-0202	I don ’ t want you to be worried , but our son has some bad habits now . He says painful words everyday .	What words ? Can you tell me ?	He says kick mommy , beat mommy , don ’ t want mommy , very quickly if I do something that he doesn ’ t like . You know , if I wash his face or change his clothes , things like that .	Honey , I don ’ t know what to tell you . Of course Tony is a young child . But do not underestimate his ability to learn and reason .
ner-0203	Mr . Carter has asked me to come over to invite you to the banquet held in your honor at the Shangri-La Hotel at 7:00 this evening . Here's an invitation for you .	How nice of him . I'll be delighted to go . But what time would be convenient ?	If you could be ready by , say 6:30 o'clock , I'll be at the hotel to pick you up .	That's great . It's most thoughtful of you to do this , Miss Rose .
ner-0204	Can you give me more details on what is included in the package ?	Sure . The coach leaves at 6:30 a . m . , in front of our office . The drive takes eight hours , with two stops to see some sights .	What about the hotel accommodations ?	You'll be staying at Holiday Inn . It's a three-star hotel with two restaurants and a swimming pool .	Great . What types of things will we do at Lushun Falls ?
ner-0205	So Dick , how about getting some coffee for tonight ?	Coffee ? I don ’ t honestly like that kind of stuff .	Come on , you can at least try a little , besides your cigarette .	What ’ s wrong with that ? Cigarette is the thing I go crazy for .	Not for me , Dick .
ner-0206	Joe , how are you doing ?	I am great ! How about you , Mary ? How are you ?	I am doing great ! Thank you for asking , Joe .
ner-0207	Now , if I look here I see that you completed a BA in English ?	Yes , that ’ s right . After graduating from high school in New York I attended York University in the UK . My major was English , and my minor was business studies . I completed my BA in 2004 .
ner-0208	I have to get to Chicago by tomorrow and you're telling me that there are no flights ?	I'm very sorry , sir . I could put you on a waiting list , but you would be wise to check out other means of travel .	You mean like a bus ? Have you ever traveled for ten hours on a bus before ?	I have not sir . But I do have a number for a very comfortable bus that goes to Chicago every hour from here .
ner-0209	Don ’ t you agree that all the thieves should be punished by cutting off their fingers ?	I ’ m afraid many people would turn thumbs down on it .	Don ’ t you think in that case , there wouldn ’ t be so much stealing ?
ner-0210	Hello Mr Waterstone , what can I do for you today ?	Hello , Becky . Well , you see , I have this thing here , called a Fixed Deposit Certificate , and I've just noticed the date on it .	Oh , I see . You have two choices here you can either redeem or renew .	I think I'll redeem , if that's not a problem .	No problem at all , Mr Waterstone . Any preference as to how you want the money ?
ner-0211	Hi Joe , how are you doing today ?	Things are going good today . How have you been doing , Mary ?
ner-0212	So , Paula , where are you from ?	I'm from Canada , originally .
ner-0213	Good morning . I ’ m from the New York book review . Could I ask you some questions about your latest book ?	Sure . Take a seat ... what would you like to know ?	First , I ’ Ve heard that your latest book is based on a true story .
ner-0214	Mr . Carter has asked me to come over to invite you to the banquet held in your honor at the Shangri-La Hotel at 7:00 this evening . Here's an invitation for you .	How nice of him . I'll be delighted to go . But what time would be convenient ?	If you could be ready by , say 6:30 o'clock , I'll be at the hotel to pick you up .	That's great . It's most thoughtful of you to do this , Miss Rose .
ner-0215	I am calling to find out why I didn ’ t receive an unemployment check this week .	Did you send in your Continued Claim Form for the last period ?
ner-0216	Which university did you graduate from ?	I graduated from Peking University .	What was your major at university ?	I studied economics , I am especially interested in the economic development of China .	What course did you like best ?	I like Business Management , and i think it's very useful for the present work .
ner-0217	Lili , let ’ s take a vacation !	George , how can we ? Vacations cost money . And this month we don ’ t have much money left after paying the rent .	Well , Lili , we can visit different places in the state in our van 10 . We are not going to take a plane or stay at a hotel this time . Trust me , it won ’ t cost much .
ner-0218	Come in , come in !	Hi , Gary , what happened ? I was waiting for you at the theater . Why didn ’ t you meet me there ?
ner-0219	Where ’ s Sally , Jack ?	She ’ s in the garden , Jane .	What ’ s she doing ?	She ’ s sitting under the tree .	Is Tim in the garden , too ?	Yes , he is . He ’ s climbing the tree .	I beg your pardon ? Who ’ s climbing the tree .	Tim is .
ner-0220	Welcome to China , Mr . Smith .	Thank you . So pleasant to meet you here !	I heard that you are interested in our silk skirts and new style of coats .	Yes , I've brought a list of your recent products with me . We'd like to import some of your latest clothes for the second half of this year . We're ready to place an order with you .	Great ! B , most of the items listed are available this year . I hope we can come to an agreement and sign the contracts , so as to enable our timely delivery .
ner-0221	I am sorry to have kept all of you waiting . I was delayed by something urgent .	You are not late , Mr . Thomas . There're still 15 minutes to go . Mr . White has just called you .
ner-0222	how are you doing , Christopher ?	to be honest , I'm really fed up with work at the moment . I need a break !	are you doing anything this weekend ?	I have to work on Saturday all day ! I really hate my job !	are you available on Sunday ?
ner-0223	Don ’ t you agree that all the thieves should be punished by cutting off their fingers ?	I ’ m afraid many people would turn thumbs down on it .	Don ’ t you think in that case , there wouldn ’ t be so much stealing ?
ner-0224	Hi . What's your name ?	My name is Jung Min . What's your name ?	My name is Jessica . It's nice to meet you .	Yes . It's nice to meet you too . Are you a new student too ?	No . I'm a sophomore . I take it you are a new student ?	Yeah . It's pretty exciting to be here .	Have fun while it lasts . The excitement wears off real quick . Especially after you see how much homework you get . Where are you from ?	I'm from Korea . My parents wanted me to go to an American university , so I came here .	I have never been to Korea . I've been to Japan before , but never Korea .
ner-0225	Mary and Tom are breaking up .	It's unbelievable ! They are only married for one month . Then who is at fault ?	Mary said she couldn't put up with Tom , for he fell in love with another woman .
ner-0226	Did you set your clock forward for daylight savings time ?	What ? Why do we have to do that ?	Well , at the start of the spring we usually have more daylight in the mornings and less in the afternoon . This is basically due to our position on the planet and the rotation of the earth . In any case , to take better advantage of the daylight available , we compensate by moving our clocks forward one hour .	I see . That ’ s convenient ! I never understood things like this , such as GMT . I never know what time zone we are in or when to change my clock !	That just stands for Greenwich Mean Time . Here in California , we are in Pacific Standard Time , that is eight time zones west of Greenwich . Remember when we were in Beijing ? Well , then we were in China Standard Time , and that ’ s eight time zones east of Greenwich !
ner-0227	David , I ’ m going to China .	Really ? How did you get the chance ?	You know . I took part in the Chinese contest . I was the best and they gave me this reward . I don ’ t have to pay for my trip .	Congratulations . How lucky you are !	Thank you . I ’ m leaving tomorrow morning .	I ’ m sure you ’ ll enjoy the trip . China is such a beautiful country .
ner-0228	Have any plans for the weekend , Tom ?	Yeah , I ’ m going for a hike in the southern Rocky Mountains .	Oh , do you go hiking often ?	I go as much as I can . I love hiking because you can really get in touch with nature .	It would be nice to get out of the city . Do you want some company ?	Sure . But , it will be a long hike , 30 miles in three days . Have you been hiking before ?	Yeah , I go a lot too . I saw a bear and a mountain lion on my last hike .	Wow ! You must have been pretty far away from the city .	Yeah , my friend and I hiked in a very wild part of the national forest .	Well , bring him along too . We ’ ll have a great time this weekend .
ner-0229	I don ’ t want you to be worried , but our son has some bad habits now . He says painful words everyday .	What words ? Can you tell me ?	He says kick mommy , beat mommy , don ’ t want mommy , very quickly if I do something that he doesn ’ t like . You know , if I wash his face or change his clothes , things like that .	Honey , I don ’ t know what to tell you . Of course Tony is a young child . But do not underestimate his ability to learn and reason .	Yes , but sometimes he is just not reasonable .	I suggest you treat him with patience , affection , and respect . If he needs to do something , like go to bed , or be washed , etc . , please guide or help him to get it done , but lead him with gentleness .	It ’ s easy to say , but I will try .	Motivate Tony to cooperate by rewarding his good behavior . Do not emphasize punishment for bad moods , etc . Do not threaten him with punishment if he resists the actions you desire .
ner-0230	Matthew ? Hi !	Steve ! Haven't seen you in ages ! How long's it been ?	It's got to be almost a year now .	How have you been ?	I'm pretty good . I've been looking for a place to live recently . My lease runs out next month and I don't want to renew it .	Yeah , I remember the neighborhood . Have you found a place yet ?	Not yet . But I am still looking through the classifieds . Wish me luck .	Well , maybe I can help . Remember my neighbor ?	Mrs . Thou ?	Yes , her daughter's having a baby , so she's moving in with her to help out . I think if you are interested , you can come over and have a look .	Great . It's a lovely neighborhood . And it would be nice to be neighbors again . It would be just like the old days !	I'll ask Mrs . Thou when she's available to show the apartment and let you know . Has your number changed ?
ner-0231	Are there any interesting stories in the newspaper today ?	There are a few stories about natural disasters . There is a massive forest fire in Australia . It covers several square kilometers of land has destroyed many more square kilometers .	Was it caused accidentally or naturally ? Sometimes it gets so hot that fires begin naturally in Australia and Africa .	Nobody knows at the moment , but it has been very hot there recently . The drought in Africa is causing starvation . Millions of people have migrated to try and find food .
ner-0232	Excuse me , are you Mrs . Green from England ?	Yes , I am .	I'm pleased to meet you , Mrs . Green . My name is Myra . I work in Beijing Institute of Technology . I came here to meet you .
ner-0233	Have any plans for the weekend , Tom ?	Yeah , I ’ m going for a hike in the southern Rocky Mountains .	Oh , do you go hiking often ?	I go as much as I can . I love hiking because you can really get in touch with nature .	It would be nice to get out of the city . Do you want some company ?	Sure . But , it will be a long hike , 30 miles in three days . Have you been hiking before ?	Yeah , I go a lot too . I saw a bear and a mountain lion on my last hike .	Wow ! You must have been pretty far away from the city .	Yeah , my friend and I hiked in a very wild part of the national forest .	Well , bring him along too . We ’ ll have a great time this weekend .
ner-0234	hi there how ar you doing	i am doing great , how are you doing ?	hi there how ar you doing	i am doing great , how are you doing ?	excellent . where are you from	i am from california . where are you from ?	texas . the floods were tough
ner-0235	hi . how are you doing today ?	ok . if i could keep these cats from me . i do not like them .	hi . how are you doing today ?	ok . if i could keep these cats from me . i do not like them .	two kids in kindergarten is enough for me . no pets . do you work ?	yes as a nurse for over 20 years .	wow . good for you . i have been a real estate agent for 12 years now .	maybe you could find a house for dad . i do not like him in my home .	maybe . you live in a certain area ?	yes in cozumel . he loves cats but hates my onions .
ner-0236	hi , tracy here . my divorce is final today . cannot wait to tell my kids .	congratulations ! i married my high school sweetheart while working in hollister .
ner-0237	its fall ! finally time for the snow to come ! !	i am from australia so i lobe a good snowfall	its fall ! finally time for the snow to come ! !	i am from australia so i lobe a good snowfall	i love australia . i went there to see metallica once ! !	cool but i live in the usa . what city are you in ?	i am was born in wisconsin but moved at 17 to oklahoma	i am in miami , i love america
ner-0238	hello , how are you today ?	fine how are you on this cold day ?	hello , how are you today ?	fine how are you on this cold day ?	excited , i am going hunting this weekend and the weather is great for it	i love to play my guitar when i am not working as a batista .	what music do you play ? i love church music	gospel music , i share an apartment with my two brothers in chicago .	that is great ! family is so important , i am glad mine are just down the street	that is good , my parents reside in arkansas .
ner-0239	hello how are you tonight ?	i am good ! practicing my singing for my career	hello how are you tonight ?	i am good ! practicing my singing for my career	oh cool . i work with wood . carpenter actually	cool ! you could build sets for me when i become an actress	absolutely . singing comes with the party . i quit the drink over 5 years now .	congratulations ! as a single lady i drink more than i should on blind dates	settle . have a family . kids , my wife gave me 3	it is hard to find a man in new york working as a model . no time
ner-0240	hi there how are you dong	great . just got finished eating sushi . . my favorite . you ?	hi there how are you dong	great . just got finished eating sushi . . my favorite . you ?	yum ! i am a vet so i just got home . sick cat tonight	aww . listening to rap now , my favorite genre .	i prefer alternative . my name is jordan . what is yours	i am ashley . i live with my dad and brother . my mom passed . you ?	my mom actually passed too . dad also	oh boy . it is tough to deal . do you work out ? i enjoy it a lot .	i do work out . i am also a musician	i love listening to music while i work out . so where are you from ?	originally california , however i live in florida at the moment
ner-0241	hello . how are you ? where are you from ?	hello . i am from the midwest . tell me about you ?
ner-0242	i have horses , i love them and work together with them	i just graduated school . i am gonna get married soon	i have horses , i love them and work together with them	i just graduated school . i am gonna get married soon	my other hobbies are cooking by using it from my garden	when i was in hs i played basketball but now i rather watch it on tv	that is so nice , i love john denver by the way	i absolutely love soccer i wish i still played	i know what you mean , i grew up in a horse ranch that is so large .	i wish my childhood was as exciting	do you work out daily ? i do .	yes its a habit i played soccer in hs so i still stick to that regiment
ner-0243	hello , how are you this evening ?	i am a doing great getting ready to enjoy reading a mystery .	hello , how are you this evening ?
ner-0244	hello there . where are you from ?	i am from a low income apartment complex in wv	hello there . where are you from ?	i am from a low income apartment complex in wv	interesting . i am not far off , from pa .	i could run to pa it is so close . i am a big runner
ner-0245	hey , how are you doing ?	just stressed out about ed sheeran , i am a huge fan of his
ner-0246	hi . how are you ? sittin on the beach myself .	hello , i am ok just hanging out here . do you have pets ?	hi . how are you ? sittin on the beach myself .
ner-0247	hey i am brianna hows it going	hello , brianna . i am mia . do you play second life ?	hey i am brianna hows it going	hello , brianna . i am mia . do you play second life ?
ner-0248	hello , do you like music ? i really like the music of bach .	i do enjoy classical music !	hello , do you like music ? i really like the music of bach .	i do enjoy classical music !	i like to listen to bach outside in the evening , but hate the bugs .
ner-0249	hello how are you today ?	i am doing well . glad that monday is done and over with . how are you ?	hello how are you today ?	i am doing well . glad that monday is done and over with . how are you ?
ner-0250	hi , how are you today ?	i am good ! do you have any hobbies ?	hi , how are you today ?	i am good ! do you have any hobbies ?	yes ! i love to garden and then cook from what i grow . do you ?	gardening sounds amazing ! i like to listen to metallica in my free time .	really ? john denver is more my style as a musician .	that is cool ! where do you work at ?	i am living on a large horse ranch that i was raised on , it is my work .	it must be amazing to work with horses ! i work as a consultant .	that is neat . what else do you like to do ?	i like to spend time with my brothers . i have two . how about you ?	i have four ! every day i have to work out to keep up with them .	wow ! it must have been hard to grow up with 4 brothers !	definitely ! but living on a farm is hard work so they are helpful	awesome ! i am originally from wisconsin .	i have family from wisconsin and michigan .
ner-0251	hello , how are you this evening ?
ner-0252	hi i am a bit shy but it is nice to meet you	i met alot of shy people when i studied abroad it is ok	hi i am a bit shy but it is nice to meet you	i met alot of shy people when i studied abroad it is ok	where did you study ? my mother studied abroad for her degree	i studied in norway , but i gave it up to chase my dream of making model cars	have you actualized your dream ? i am on the pro circuit of making model spaceships	i had to stop because i just became a father . . . . to 9 puppies by my dog ginger	my mother is a doctor can she adopt one for her experiments ?	maybe . it would cost 1000 trying to recreate the titanic	very costly yes . my mother may be able to genetically reengineer your boys	can she remake jack . i have seen it 10 times
ner-0253	hi , how are you ? what is your name ?	hi i barb . tired from school . how about you ?	hi , how are you ? what is your name ?	hi i barb . tired from school . how about you ?
ner-0254	hey , do you want to marry me ? i go to college .	sorry , i am in college myself and want to finish my education first .	hey , do you want to marry me ? i go to college .	sorry , i am in college myself and want to finish my education first .	oh , i guess that is fine . where are you from ?	i am in ohio , i play lacrosse for ohio state .
ner-0255	hello , my name is suzanne and you ?	hello , i am patrick . how are you ?
ner-0256	hello . i am an attorney and i live in oklahoma . what about you ?
ner-0257	hi , how are you ?	i am doing good . listening to some john denver .	hi , how are you ?	i am doing good . listening to some john denver .
ner-0258	hi how are you ? my left leg is in pain daily .	ouch , why is it painful ?	hi how are you ? my left leg is in pain daily .	ouch , why is it painful ?	old age ! i hope i can retire soon ! do you also ?	ah , what do you do for work ?	i love riding horses ! when leg is better i will do so ! do you like horses ?	i do , but i prefer carpentry projects or family time	i love horses and facial hair ! do you like mustaches ?	i have one , but my family hates it . do you	i also like family time ! do you have a big family ?	is three a lot ? do you have kids ?	have you ever visited australia ? i plan to go !
ner-0259	hello , do you like tupac ?	i love tupac . he is great to listen to while weightlifting .	hello , do you like tupac ?	i love tupac . he is great to listen to while weightlifting .	i listen to him while playing tennis and running .	that sounds bold . you remind me of theodore roosevelt . who do you look up to ?	indiana jones . i want to be just like him .	i used to act out his movies at home with my sister .	my friends and i do that as well . it is so fun .	we should get together and act . we could pretend to rescue rabbits for my blog .	i have a blog as well , a photography one .	maybe i have seen it . my sister helps me distinguish red from green .	oh , you are color blind . my cousin is as well .	oh , coincidence ! it is weird looking at a picture of tim mcgraw differently than others .	who is tim mcgraw ? is he a writer ?
ner-0260	hello . i work as a batista . how about you ?
ner-0261	hey i am brianna hows it going	hello , brianna . i am mia . do you play second life ?	hey i am brianna hows it going	hello , brianna . i am mia . do you play second life ?
ner-0262	hey , do you want to marry me ? i go to college .	sorry , i am in college myself and want to finish my education first .	hey , do you want to marry me ? i go to college .	sorry , i am in college myself and want to finish my education first .	oh , i guess that is fine . where are you from ?	i am in ohio , i play lacrosse for ohio state .
ner-0263	hi there how are you dong	great . just got finished eating sushi . . my favorite . you ?	hi there how are you dong	great . just got finished eating sushi . . my favorite . you ?	yum ! i am a vet so i just got home . sick cat tonight	aww . listening to rap now , my favorite genre .	i prefer alternative . my name is jordan . what is yours	i am ashley . i live with my dad and brother . my mom passed . you ?	my mom actually passed too . dad also	oh boy . it is tough to deal . do you work out ? i enjoy it a lot .	i do work out . i am also a musician	i love listening to music while i work out . so where are you from ?	originally california , however i live in florida at the moment
ner-0264	sorry i took so long . there was a bug on my keyboard . i hate bugs .	good evening how are you tonight ?	sorry i took so long . there was a bug on my keyboard . i hate bugs .	good evening how are you tonight ?	better now that the bug is gone and my bacon is done cooking	i do not like bugs either but bacon is good .	what are you up to tonight ?
ner-0265	howdy how are you doing tonight i am doing fine .
ner-0266	good evening ! how are you today ?	i am fine i have to make sure all my babies are healthy	good evening ! how are you today ?	i am fine i have to make sure all my babies are healthy	i stay healthy by surfing and i do skate as well .	i do not have time for surfing with my pediatrician carrer	i model high end fashion and occasionally i act , too .	wow i am , in the presents of a model	yes but do not count on me to sing for you . that is not my thing .	when i am not in the doctors office i play jazz	when i move to nyc , i hope to hear some jazz on the streets .	i live in new nyc i pay the jazz in the park sometimes	maybe we will bump into each other . it will be a change from california .	small world . i just left all my vintage cars in cali	vintage cars are awesome ! i spent my entire youth in cali .
ner-0267	those republicans ! they do not appreciate the power of computers .	howdy how are you doing my friend ?	those republicans ! they do not appreciate the power of computers .	howdy how are you doing my friend ?	fine , considering the political climate . but i can always find a book to keep me sane .	i can cook great i need to be a chef . good for you reading .	good for you . i saw on the news that cooking jobs are in demand .	i live in my own apartment it is very costly .	hopefully it is worth it . how else do you spend your time ?	i like to read books on romance and watch movies . do you ?	i love romance novels . they are a nice break from political nonfiction and the news .	i am disabled but try to stay busy i am afraid of dogs though .	if you ever need to have your computer fixed , i can help you .	oh that is wonderful i am renting in jersey though .	ah , new jersey . it is getting redder and redder .
ner-0268	hello . how are you tonight ? i am just doing a bit of web design .	i am good , just lifting weights	hello . how are you tonight ? i am just doing a bit of web design .
ner-0269	hi i am darlene and my family comes from canada .
ner-0270	hello ! are you listening to music this morning ? i love country
ner-0271	hey there how are you today ?	hi . good . just quilting tonight . tomorrow night i will cross stitch .
ner-0272	hello ! how was your day ?	hi i am joanna and i just graduated from usc . how are you ?
ner-0273	i collect teddy bears . do you collect anything ?	not really . i like to study , usually biology at the university .	i collect teddy bears . do you collect anything ?	not really . i like to study , usually biology at the university .	i am a nurse . i spend a lot of time in classes .	so you understand ! i love to study ! i am not much of a drinker .	i study if i have to but it is not a favorite activity of mine .	so you want to be a nurse ? i would like to be a marine biologist .	i already am a nurse .	oh ok . are you from the usa ?	yes , i live in michigan .	i am also , i live in california .	i visited there once and loved it .	it is really nice . do you like michigan ? i guess it gets cold there ?
ner-0274	good evening . my name is elisa how are you ?	i am well ! my name is karen . what are you up to this evening ?	good evening . my name is elisa how are you ?	i am well ! my name is karen . what are you up to this evening ?
ner-0275	hi ! i love to party and jam to metallica . what are your hobbies ?
ner-0276	hi . how are you ? sittin on the beach myself .	hello , i am ok just hanging out here . do you have pets ?	hi . how are you ? sittin on the beach myself .
ner-0277	hey there , how are you doing ?	i am good just reading about europe and you ?	hey there , how are you doing ?	i am good just reading about europe and you ?	that sounds interesting ! i am just knitting hats right now	i wish i could knit a scarf for my big dog george ! what else do you like ?	i like to cook , what about you ? do you like cooking ?	i do not cook much but i do love to eat , especially italian food
ner-0278	how is it going ? what are you up to ?	good just reading a book about traveling .	how is it going ? what are you up to ?	good just reading a book about traveling .	sounds interesting . how was your day at work ?	pretty good . i was happy that i could take a long walk over lunch .	i run a lot and walk .	sounds like we have that in common . what else do you enjoy ?	studying . trying to get my high school degree !	that is great ! any particular subjects you enjoy ?	anything science . do you have pets ?	i have a big dog that loves long walks . do you have any pets ?	no . i am scared of animals and cannot have any in my small apartment .	i understand . i would like to travel to europe soon . do you have aspirations ?
ner-0279	hi how are you doing	i quit high school and i run marathons . hi !	hi how are you doing	i quit high school and i run marathons . hi !	wow is that what you want to do forever	no i work at wendys in florida . do you have a dog ?	ho i am a doctor do not have time for pets	what kind of doctor ? you exercise ? i am runner .	i like to run too i am a pediatrician	i do not have pets either . you a lady doctor a man doctor ?	i am a lady doctor	you ever eat at wendys ? i went to washington school before i quit .	i like wendys they have good burgers
ner-0280	hey , how are you doing ?	just stressed out about ed sheeran , i am a huge fan of his
ner-0281	good morning ? do you have any jobs	good afternoon from pennsylvania . i am currently a medical scribe preparing to apply to medical school .	good morning ? do you have any jobs	good afternoon from pennsylvania . i am currently a medical scribe preparing to apply to medical school .
ner-0282	good afternoon . sitting here listening to john denver . i adore him .
ner-0283	i do not want to be here	hi i am charlie a war vet i feel the same way some days	i do not want to be here	hi i am charlie a war vet i feel the same way some days
ner-0284	good morning , it is beautiful today . do you swim to school ?	good morning to you ! no , i ice skate to college .	good morning , it is beautiful today . do you swim to school ?
ner-0285	hello , how are you today ?	great ! how are you ?	hello , how are you today ?	great ! how are you ?	i am doing well ! listening to tim mcgraw . he is my favorite singer .	heart is my favorite band , but i like some country too .	what do you do for a living ?	i am a mom to three kids so whatever i need to . you	i am an olympic medal bodybuilder and i blog about rabbit rescues .	my girls want a pet rabbit soon , any advice ?	have a sturdy cage and always make sure they have food and water .	how did you start body building ? that is quite impressive too	teddy roosevelt did it , and he is my idol . who is your idol ?
ner-0286	hello i am a real estate agent in canada where are you ?	hi there i teach biology college	hello i am a real estate agent in canada where are you ?
ner-0287	hello . how are you doing today ?	hey , i am doing good , how are you ?	hello . how are you doing today ?	hey , i am doing good , how are you ?	doing well . just got home from job as a nurse .	ohh , are you exhausted from work ? spicy food makes me feel good after long hours of work .	yes . and i still have to walk my dog , pedro . do you have pets ?	pedro is a great name for a dog . yes , an eagle named pecker .
ner-0288	i do not want to be here	hi i am charlie a war vet i feel the same way some days	i do not want to be here	hi i am charlie a war vet i feel the same way some days
ner-0289	hi i am joanna . i sing blues professionally	oh that is cool . i can do your hair before a show . hair stylist here haha	hi i am joanna . i sing blues professionally	oh that is cool . i can do your hair before a show . hair stylist here haha	great ! i do work on my fathers hobby farm in my spare time	oh that sounds like hard work . can i bring all 3 of my dogs to the farm ?	sure ! my mom teaches music . i discovered in her class that i had singing talent	oh wow . i gotta hear you sing one day haha	can you dye hair too ? i was going to dye my hair purple for my next show	yes i do everything . except sunday . that is when i watch football	sunday is when i watch horror films . so that is out for me too .	haha cool cool . i cant wait till christmas . my favorite holiday
ner-0290	did you know that working at whole foods means you can ride a horse to work ? !	not really , i am studying at the university up state learning biology .	did you know that working at whole foods means you can ride a horse to work ? !	not really , i am studying at the university up state learning biology .	that is cool . hoping to go to med school ?	marine biology actually , still a student but i do not party .	neither do i . instead i paint in my spare time . often times it is a city landscape	that is nice , i was born and raised in the united states have you painted there ?	yup , i live in the us . a major west coast city in fact .	awesome , we should chat more often . well i am very busy with my study .	and i am budy analyzing taylor swift lyrics . did you know they can contain hidden messages ? !	yeah , i play her music to scare whales in deep ocean trenches . .	yea she does have that effect .	one whale died because of us . and we as a class spread lies that it was china .	i once had a horse die on me because of taylor swift . blamed in on china
ner-0291	hi there , how are you today ?	i am great ! just got home from working with dogs all day !
ner-0292	hello ! are you listening to music this morning ? i love country
ner-0293	its fall ! finally time for the snow to come ! !	i am from australia so i lobe a good snowfall	its fall ! finally time for the snow to come ! !	i am from australia so i lobe a good snowfall	i love australia . i went there to see metallica once ! !	cool but i live in the usa . what city are you in ?	i am was born in wisconsin but moved at 17 to oklahoma	i am in miami , i love america
ner-0294	i collect teddy bears . do you collect anything ?	not really . i like to study , usually biology at the university .	i collect teddy bears . do you collect anything ?	not really . i like to study , usually biology at the university .	i am a nurse . i spend a lot of time in classes .	so you understand ! i love to study ! i am not much of a drinker .	i study if i have to but it is not a favorite activity of mine .	so you want to be a nurse ? i would like to be a marine biologist .	i already am a nurse .	oh ok . are you from the usa ?	yes , i live in michigan .	i am also , i live in california .	i visited there once and loved it .	it is really nice . do you like michigan ? i guess it gets cold there ?
ner-0295	hey , i am from chicago , how about you ?	i have passed through chicago for work . i am a truck driver
ner-0296	i divorced doug , gave up my kids and killed the cat . hi , name is john .	hi john . jessie here . i am from canada . where are you from ?	i divorced doug , gave up my kids and killed the cat . hi , name is john .	hi john . jessie here . i am from canada . where are you from ?	get out ! i make and sell jewelry online . i am from new york . you married ?	just recently to my high school sweetheart . we are both 19 .	hi jessie . you sing ? you married young huh ? any pets ?	oh , i love to sing in the shower country mostly . what music do you like ?	jazz . whats your spouse name jessie ? i am 40 .	oh , my husband alex likes jazz .	i see . i hate to sit still so i dance . you dance jessie ?
ner-0297	hello how are you doing	how are you doing today	hello how are you doing	how are you doing today	i am great . how is your day	i have a lot of homework to finish	what do you go to school for	lyrics writing . . . i am a songwriter since the third grade	that is great . where do you want to work ?	what rhymes with orange . . . that is my nightmare right now	i am not sure . lol	oh i want to work for willie . . . the . . . willie . . . nelson
ner-0298	hey ! how are you tonight ?	i am good and you ?	hey ! how are you tonight ?	i am good and you ?	tired . just got back from my job at the research facility .	wow that is nice ! do you like old generation music ?	i do . i listen to it when i do my other gig as an artist .	when are you planning to retired ? i try to retired in the next 5 years	oh i got a way to go . being only 5 feet tall i have to work harder .	i am sorry to hear that	it is ok , i am use to it .	do you like to eat barbeque food ?	i do . i like bbq very much .
ner-0299	hi , how are you doing today ?	hey , i am doing good . how about you ? what are you up to ?	hi , how are you doing today ?	hey , i am doing good . how about you ? what are you up to ?	just having a glass of iced tea after a long day . what do you like to drink ?	maybe a nice glass of wine while i finish my eggplant parmigiana for dinner .	sounds yummy are you a vegetarian ?	no , not really . are you ? if i leave some food , my dog charlie will eat it .	no , but many pf my friends from canada are vegan . i love dogs .	i will take my dog to visit my folks in australia soon . will be interesting .	sounds like fun . brisbane ? queensland ?	sydney . i will go there after the stock markets slow down for winter .	great idea . what kind of dog is charlie ?
ner-0300	hello , how are you tonight ?
ner-0301	hi , how are you this morning ?	i am fine . i am getting off my job just now .	hi , how are you this morning ?
ner-0302	hello , how are you tonight ?
ner-0303	did you know that working at whole foods means you can ride a horse to work ? !	not really , i am studying at the university up state learning biology .	did you know that working at whole foods means you can ride a horse to work ? !	not really , i am studying at the university up state learning biology .	that is cool . hoping to go to med school ?	marine biology actually , still a student but i do not party .	neither do i . instead i paint in my spare time . often times it is a city landscape	that is nice , i was born and raised in the united states have you painted there ?	yup , i live in the us . a major west coast city in fact .	awesome , we should chat more often . well i am very busy with my study .	and i am budy analyzing taylor swift lyrics . did you know they can contain hidden messages ? !
ner-0304	janice here . what are you up to tonight ?	they call me big shirley . i love scary movies . you ?	janice here . what are you up to tonight ?	they call me big shirley . i love scary movies . you ?	well , i am more into sports than i am horror flicks .	i see . i workout lifting weights . you ?	i played a lot of sports in high school , but stopped when i started college .	i am a warehouse worker . i cook a great bbq .	i just graduated college and am still looking for a job .	keep your head up ! i work the forklift . what work do you do ?	my fiance is helping me look for a job .	that is good ! people laugh because my name is joe shirley .
ner-0305	hi , how are you ?	i am doing good . listening to some john denver .	hi , how are you ?	i am doing good . listening to some john denver .
ner-0306	what are you doing ? i am sewing a quilt for my aunt .	hi . i am felicia . i am a science teacher and love travel .	what are you doing ? i am sewing a quilt for my aunt .	hi . i am felicia . i am a science teacher and love travel .	awesome . what do you teach ?	spanish and italian . what do you do ?
ner-0307	hi how are you ? where do you live ?	doing good . i live in the midwest
ner-0308	hi , i am a jew and in new york city , who are you and where you from ?	i am a teacher , but also incidentally i am jewish	hi , i am a jew and in new york city , who are you and where you from ?	i am a teacher , but also incidentally i am jewish	whoa , do you go to the synagogue ? i ride my bike there , i do not drive	i do , i especially enjoyed yom kippur recently , i jog to temple actually	do you stop by somewhere to eat ? i hate sweet stuff but in philly cheesesteak ?	sometimes i take my kids to the pool , we all love to swim	cool , please tell me more	the pool is called the princeton club , it a big pool with a hot tub	i watch a lot of tv , the office is a great show	i agree , i love the office , dwight is so funny
ner-0309	hi ! how are you tonight ?	good ! how are you doing ?	hi ! how are you tonight ?
ner-0310	i just became a dad for the first time !	i love some luke bryant how about you ?
ner-0311	hello how are you doing i am doing okay .	my dog ginger watches the titantic movie with me every time its on .	hello how are you doing i am doing okay .	my dog ginger watches the titantic movie with me every time its on .	i love listening to music very relaxing .	cool ! i was an exchanged student .	i am kind of huge for 8 feet tall . i do not like my weight .	hmmm . wow ! i met my son for the first time today .	wonderful that is a happy moment i have to attend school soon .	yes it is ! i love putting together model cars .	great sounds like a cool activity i have a small family and one parent .	hmmm . ginger is my golden retriever .
ner-0312	hey there how are you ?	not bad its a beautiful night in california and you ?
ner-0313	hey there . how are you ?	wonderful . just finished work . how are you ?	hey there . how are you ?	wonderful . just finished work . how are you ?	doing good ! what do you do for work ?	right now i am modeling . it is why i moved to this city . what do you do ?	that sounds exciting ! i work mentoring troubled teens .	that is why i do not ever want kids . where are you from ?	i do not have any of my own either . i am in north carolina . you ?	new york . a great place to be single ! married yourself ?
ner-0314	good evening . i just finished working out .	haha , i just finished a cheese pizza	good evening . i just finished working out .	haha , i just finished a cheese pizza	very cool . i have to take my horse out for a ride in a bit .	i have to go back to work , have a major client who needs his hair done	i hear ya . i need to pick some beans out of my garden for dinner .	i would love to make a dip out of those fresh beans for sunday football	that would be cool if you could .	send some over for christmas ! i love christmas
ner-0315	hello , how are you today ?	hi . not so hot . i got poison ivy hiking last weekend . how are you ?	hello , how are you today ?	hi . not so hot . i got poison ivy hiking last weekend . how are you ?
ner-0316	hey how are you today ?	i am well . how about you ?	hey how are you today ?	i am well . how about you ?	i am a bit sore from doing tae kwan do .	nice ! i just signed up for a jujitsu class ! so far it seems fun .	nice , i am a state champion .	wow ! that is amazing ! do you do anything else to help support your tae kwan do ?
ner-0317	hello how are you today	tired from working the night shift . i like nursing , but it is tiring .	hello how are you today	tired from working the night shift . i like nursing , but it is tiring .	nursing is an honorable profession	what do you do for a living ? i been a nurse a long time .	i am heavy into fitness although i am rather large .	any other hobbies ? i like to cook .	what is your favorite dish to cook	i adore anything with onions . do you eat healthy ?	yes , i attempt to eat healthy but i have my moments	do you have family ? i do not get along with dad .	i swim everyday because i am located by the sea .	where do you live ? i work in the city .	i live in california . i work in the city as well
ner-0318	hello , how are you this evening ?
ner-0319	hello how are you doing	how are you doing today	hello how are you doing	how are you doing today	i am great . how is your day	i have a lot of homework to finish	what do you go to school for	lyrics writing . . . i am a songwriter since the third grade	that is great . where do you want to work ?	what rhymes with orange . . . that is my nightmare right now	i am not sure . lol	oh i want to work for willie . . . the . . . willie . . . nelson
ner-0320	howdy how are you doing tonight i am okay thanks you jesus .	i am doing great . just thinking about my parents . they died years ago	howdy how are you doing tonight i am okay thanks you jesus .
ner-0321	hello , i love fashion and hope to be a doctor one day . you ?	hello , i am an accountant from ohio . i have two boys and i am single .	hello , i love fashion and hope to be a doctor one day . you ?	hello , i am an accountant from ohio . i have two boys and i am single .
ner-0322	hello . how are you today ?	i am doing well , thank you . how are you ?	hello . how are you today ?	i am doing well , thank you . how are you ?	not too bad . just happy that the apartment is quiet for once .	i know what you mean . it is great to have quiet time to read	for me , its playing my guitar . do you play an instrument ?	i do not . i do read a lot though	so where are you from ?	i am from new york , what about you ?
ner-0323	do you have any pets ? i have a cat	i have a dog . it is perfect for my single life	do you have any pets ? i have a cat	i have a dog . it is perfect for my single life	what is your dogs name ? my cat is arizona	jerry . i used to live in arizona . now i am living in new york .
ner-0324	hi . my name is lottie . i am a real estate agent . what do you do ?	hi , you like purple ? i love it . tracy here and i love pizza . you ?	hi . my name is lottie . i am a real estate agent . what do you do ?	hi , you like purple ? i love it . tracy here and i love pizza . you ?
ner-0325	hey how are you today ?	backpacking through europe . love it ! i am in italy now .	hey how are you today ?	backpacking through europe . love it ! i am in italy now .
ner-0326	hello how are you tonight ?
ner-0327	hello , how are you tonight ? are you watching the office
ner-0328	hello , how are you today ?	hi . not so hot . i got poison ivy hiking last weekend . how are you ?
ner-0329	i am male , divorce , 6 grandchildren , ex named doug .	nice to meet you doug . i am lucy	i am male , divorce , 6 grandchildren , ex named doug .	nice to meet you doug . i am lucy
ner-0330	good morning ! where are you from ?	from texas . a large house ranch was where i was raised .	good morning ! where are you from ?	from texas . a large house ranch was where i was raised .
ner-0331	hi how are you tonight ?
ner-0332	hey there how are you today ?	i am great how are you ?	hey there how are you today ?	i am great how are you ?	like bbq ? i love bbq a lot
ner-0333	hello , how are you tonight ? do you have pets or children ?	hi there . i do not any children but i do have a dog named charlie .	hello , how are you tonight ? do you have pets or children ?	hi there . i do not any children but i do have a dog named charlie .	aw . that is so cute . i am designing a snoopy tee tonight .	neat ! where are you from ? i am from australia . my parents still live there .	i am in the united states . i always wanted to go to australia .
ner-0334	hello , are you familiar with any good barbeque restaurants in your area ?	hi ! yes , there are several . do you like bacon ?	hello , are you familiar with any good barbeque restaurants in your area ?	hi ! yes , there are several . do you like bacon ?	i do especially with barbeque sauce .	i like it covered in chocolate .	i have never tried that , it sounds good tho . do you prefer milk or dark ?	either , lol . it is all good .	what do you do for work ?	i am a civil engineer , you ?	i work as an admin assistant . i have done that for years , hope to retire soon .	i used to do that before i earned my degree .	nice , where did you go to school ? i never finished college .	i went to akron u , in ohio .
ner-0335	hello friend . how are you ?	doing well . how are you ?	hello friend . how are you ?	doing well . how are you ?	feeling very inspired today actually . where are you from ?	what is inspiring you ? i am from illinois . you ?	i am an aspiring writer from the north west . do you like to read ?	i do ! but i would rather hang out with my robot best friend	your friend is a robot ? what is his name ?	yeah , i am homeschooled so i made my own friend . his name is sparky	this sounds like a great fantasy novel come to life !	what can i say ? i am amazing lol	its almost as cool as lord of the rings . have you seen those movies ?	of course ! i love to dress up like a hobbit	does sparky dress up too ?
ner-0336	how are you ? where are you from ? i am a male from texas , 28 years old .
ner-0337	hey , do you want to marry me ? i go to college .	sorry , i am in college myself and want to finish my education first .	hey , do you want to marry me ? i go to college .	sorry , i am in college myself and want to finish my education first .	oh , i guess that is fine . where are you from ?	i am in ohio , i play lacrosse for ohio state .	what are you studying ? i am trying to go for marine biology	music theory . i love tupac , so i want to incorporate it into therapy sessions .
ner-0338	hello . my dad used to teach . tae kwan do specifically . how about yours ?	my dad liked to travel so it has become my passion	hello . my dad used to teach . tae kwan do specifically . how about yours ?	my dad liked to travel so it has become my passion	i have never left my hometown . how old are you ?	i am 23 in law school you ?	12 . i am a student of my father , he has taught me well .	are you very good at tae kwan do ? i am quite good at law
ner-0339	hi there , just got home from my job at mcdonalds and ready to chat .
ner-0340	good evening , what is new with you ?	not much . i went to an amusement park today , you ?	good evening , what is new with you ?	not much . i went to an amusement park today , you ?	that sounds fun ! i got a new book about europe , i would love to travel there .	i would love that too . i have never even left maryland	i dream of walking through europe one day .
ner-0341	hi ! what do you like to do ? i like reading and video games	hello . i do not really play video games , but i am a big movie fan .	hi ! what do you like to do ? i like reading and video games	hello . i do not really play video games , but i am a big movie fan .	i like to read drama books that are sometimes made into movies	that is interesting . my favorite movie is napoleon dynamite . i even named my dog pedro .	haha funny . i love dogs since i am a veterinarian .	oh wow ! i wanted to be a vet when i was a kid . i work in healthcare .	cool ! i live in florida so lots of doctors here	very nice , i love florida . what are your hobbies ? i enjoy baking , my favorite are muffins .
ner-0342	hi i am darlene and my family comes from canada .
ner-0343	i just became a dad for the first time !	i love some luke bryant how about you ?	i just became a dad for the first time !	i love some luke bryant how about you ?
ner-0344	hi there ! where are you from ?	mississippi . best jazz around ! how about you ?
ner-0345	good afternoon . sitting here listening to john denver . i adore him .
ner-0346	good afternoon . sitting here listening to john denver . i adore him .	that sounds fun . i am more of a soft rock guy .	good afternoon . sitting here listening to john denver . i adore him .
ner-0347	i have horses , i love them and work together with them	i just graduated school . i am gonna get married soon	i have horses , i love them and work together with them	i just graduated school . i am gonna get married soon	my other hobbies are cooking by using it from my garden	when i was in hs i played basketball but now i rather watch it on tv	that is so nice , i love john denver by the way	i absolutely love soccer i wish i still played	i know what you mean , i grew up in a horse ranch that is so large .	i wish my childhood was as exciting	do you work out daily ? i do .	yes its a habit i played soccer in hs so i still stick to that regiment
ner-0348	hello , how are you tonight ?
ner-0349	hello , my name is jonas , how are you doing today ?	bad , i am broke and my low income apartment has rent due tomorrow	hello , my name is jonas , how are you doing today ?
ner-0350	hi . how are you ? sittin on the beach myself .	hello , i am ok just hanging out here . do you have pets ?	hi . how are you ? sittin on the beach myself .
ner-0351	how is it going ? what are you up to ?	good just reading a book about traveling .	how is it going ? what are you up to ?	good just reading a book about traveling .	sounds interesting . how was your day at work ?	pretty good . i was happy that i could take a long walk over lunch .	i run a lot and walk .	sounds like we have that in common . what else do you enjoy ?	studying . trying to get my high school degree !	that is great ! any particular subjects you enjoy ?	anything science . do you have pets ?	i have a big dog that loves long walks . do you have any pets ?	no . i am scared of animals and cannot have any in my small apartment .	i understand . i would like to travel to europe soon . do you have aspirations ?
ner-0352	hi how are you ? my left leg is in pain daily .	ouch , why is it painful ?	hi how are you ? my left leg is in pain daily .	ouch , why is it painful ?	old age ! i hope i can retire soon ! do you also ?	ah , what do you do for work ?	i love riding horses ! when leg is better i will do so ! do you like horses ?	i do , but i prefer carpentry projects or family time	i love horses and facial hair ! do you like mustaches ?	i have one , but my family hates it . do you	i also like family time ! do you have a big family ?	is three a lot ? do you have kids ?	have you ever visited australia ? i plan to go !
ner-0353	hi how are you doing tonight ?	not so well with this cold in weather in ohio ? you
ner-0354	hello , what is your favorite musician ? mine is john denver	do you like eggplant parmigiana , it is my favorite	hello , what is your favorite musician ? mine is john denver
ner-0355	do you have a moment to talk about our lord and savior ?	always ! i love talking about jesus .	do you have a moment to talk about our lord and savior ?	always ! i love talking about jesus .	being devout catholic is such an important part of life . i love jesus .	being a mom with two sons , it is vital they know jesus .
ner-0356	hi how are you today	hi . i am good . i am from new york city . where do you live ?
ner-0357	hello , are you familiar with any good barbeque restaurants in your area ?	hi ! yes , there are several . do you like bacon ?	hello , are you familiar with any good barbeque restaurants in your area ?	hi ! yes , there are several . do you like bacon ?	i do especially with barbeque sauce .	i like it covered in chocolate .	i have never tried that , it sounds good tho . do you prefer milk or dark ?	either , lol . it is all good .	what do you do for work ?	i am a civil engineer , you ?	i work as an admin assistant . i have done that for years , hope to retire soon .	i used to do that before i earned my degree .	nice , where did you go to school ? i never finished college .	i went to akron u , in ohio .
ner-0358	hey how are you today ?	backpacking through europe . love it ! i am in italy now .
ner-0359	hi ! do you enjoy walking ? i am going out for a walk in my garden	i do enjoy walking ! i love to put my headphones on and walk around .	hi ! do you enjoy walking ? i am going out for a walk in my garden	i do enjoy walking ! i love to put my headphones on and walk around .	my college students always have headphones in . drives me nuts !	music is my bread and butter , i like surrounding myself with music . what do you teach ?	biology is my subject . it is fascinating	wow , that is cool , you must be very smart . i work at petsmart right now	i gained a lot of knowledge during my travels through europe	what is your favorite place to visit in europe ?
ner-0360	hi want to be friends with me	hello , are you a musician ?	hi want to be friends with me	hello , are you a musician ?	i am how did you know	i am as well , small world .	my father was a cop . he was not thrilled when i started a band	mine was too . i love nirvana .	i bet we could go for a morning jog together	that would be wonderful , have you ever done run disney ?	i am planning a trip soon	where are you going ? i would love to go to ireland .
ner-0361	i do not see the point in a drivers license in ny
ner-0362	hi there how ar you doing	i am doing great , how are you doing ?	hi there how ar you doing	i am doing great , how are you doing ?	excellent . where are you from	i am from california . where are you from ?	texas . the floods were tough
ner-0363	hello how are you this morning	i am good . going to the gym in a few minutes	hello how are you this morning	i am good . going to the gym in a few minutes	good for you , that is very healthy . i am busy watching fox news
ner-0364	hello . how are you today ?	i am doing well , thank you . how are you ?	hello . how are you today ?	i am doing well , thank you . how are you ?	not too bad . just happy that the apartment is quiet for once .	i know what you mean . it is great to have quiet time to read	for me , its playing my guitar . do you play an instrument ?	i do not . i do read a lot though	so where are you from ?	i am from new york , what about you ?
ner-0365	hi , how are you doing today ?	hi . i am good . how are you ?	hi , how are you doing today ?	hi . i am good . how are you ?	i am doing great , where are you from ?	i am from texas . i operate a dog obedience school .	were you impacted from the storm or your dog obedience school ?	no we were not thankfully . do you like sweets ? the size of my sweet tooth is unreal !	that is fantastic and yes i love sweets , what is your favorite sweets ?	probably chocolate . what is your favorite hobby ? i like dancing at the club .	i love dancing and singing at home lol .	ah . i take and post pictures of myself a lot .	which social media do you like , instagram , twitter , facebook or snapchat ?
ner-0366	hi ! how are you tonight ?	good ! how are you doing ?	hi ! how are you tonight ?
ner-0367	hi ! how are you ? do you have any hobbies ?	hi . yeah , i guess . i love going to the theater for movies .	hi ! how are you ? do you have any hobbies ?	hi . yeah , i guess . i love going to the theater for movies .	that is cool ! do you have a favorite movie ?	yeah , i like love actually , i watch it with my husband .	cool ! i like to watch tv with my cat .	i like tv too , but my husband is always complaining i need to exercise more	that is sad . i exercise every day . i walk 1 mile daily .	oh ? i hate to exercise , i would rather stay home all day , frankly .
ner-0368	hi there how are you dong	great . just got finished eating sushi . . my favorite . you ?	hi there how are you dong	great . just got finished eating sushi . . my favorite . you ?	yum ! i am a vet so i just got home . sick cat tonight	aww . listening to rap now , my favorite genre .	i prefer alternative . my name is jordan . what is yours	i am ashley . i live with my dad and brother . my mom passed . you ?	my mom actually passed too . dad also	oh boy . it is tough to deal . do you work out ? i enjoy it a lot .	i do work out . i am also a musician	i love listening to music while i work out . so where are you from ?	originally california , however i live in florida at the moment	nice weather there . we are in maine .	i have always wanted to visit there	getting chilly now tho . it is beautiful tho .	i hear the scenery is just breath taking	can not wait to get to florida again soon . been nice chatting .
ner-0369	good evening how are you ?	i am doing ok and you	good evening how are you ?	i am doing ok and you	i am fine hanging in there playing video games	cool what are you playing	call of duty i love call of duty	which one are you playing and for what system	its for xbox 360 and its modern warfare	i never play modern warfare but i love the first black ops	its very addicting tho . i love it .	yeah i know what you mean	so where are you from	i am from new york and you ?	i am originally from california bit live in florida
ner-0370	do you have a favorite sport ?	no time for sports since i am constantly working as an engineer . you ?	do you have a favorite sport ?	no time for sports since i am constantly working as an engineer . you ?	i love playing extreme frisbee .	that is awesome ! i would be afraid of all the insects while playing	i am too salty from eating sardines for breakfast every day .	well that sounds gross . i prefer bacon	the doctor said i should not eat them because of my surgery .	what surgery did you have ?	i had gastric bypass surgery .	good for you . i heard that classical music helps healing . i like bach	i prefer rock music , but classical is ok .	english is my first language but my friend who speaks spanish also likes classical	i never learned another language . i dropped out of high school before it came up .	i never did either . just english for me
ner-0371	hello , how are you tonight ?
ner-0372	i am in school to be a nurse .	great , i am also a student for 2 more years	i am in school to be a nurse .	great , i am also a student for 2 more years	that is awesome ! ever since marty went i have been attached to my sister !	oh , i do not have siblings so i am not sure what that is like	it is nice . to help people as a nurse too i understand peoples pain .	are you in a hospital treating folks	not currently . that would be dangerous haha	who is marty relation to you	marty was my husband . i just enjoyed his company so much .	oh i see , well have a great evening	thank you . i hope you have a great evening as well	take care and tell marty where is mc fly
ner-0373	hello . how are you ? my 3 girls are driving me crazy ! haha	i am 12 , so i probably drive my mom crazy , too ! rollercoasters are awesome !	hello . how are you ? my 3 girls are driving me crazy ! haha	i am 12 , so i probably drive my mom crazy , too ! rollercoasters are awesome !	rollercoasters are ok . i like concert way better .	i am going to see taylor swift in concert in california next week !
ner-0374	hello , my name is debra who are you ?	hi my name is anne	hello , my name is debra who are you ?
ner-0375	hello , janice here . taking a break from studying .	hello , i am mia . i know the feeling , i homeschool my daughter .	hello , janice here . taking a break from studying .
ner-0376	hi ! i love to party and jam to metallica . what are your hobbies ?
ner-0377	hello . how are you this evening ?	i am doing fine . you ?	hello . how are you this evening ?
ner-0378	good evening how are you ?	i am doing good how are you	good evening how are you ?	i am doing good how are you	i am fine . just playing basketball at the moment	how are you doing that and working on a hit	i am fine . just getting off work	nice where do you work	in nyc for a program that mentors troubled teens	cool i live in nyc i am in queens
ner-0379	hi . how are you doing today ?	ok . if i could keep these cats from me . i do not like them .	hi . how are you doing today ?	ok . if i could keep these cats from me . i do not like them .	two kids in kindergarten is enough for me . no pets . do you work ?	yes as a nurse for over 20 years .	wow . good for you . i have been a real estate agent for 12 years now .	maybe you could find a house for dad . i do not like him in my home .	maybe . you live in a certain area ?	yes in cozumel . he loves cats but hates my onions .
ner-0380	hi , how are you tonight	i am fine . just watching some sports .	hi , how are you tonight	i am fine . just watching some sports .	monday night football ? what teams you like	i actually enjoy the steelers , do you ?	no way ! grew up california , i like the chargers	that is great . are you married ?	nope , are you . maybe will meet someone when move nyc jan
ner-0381	i think i pulled a muscle on a hike . ever done that ?	yes , i have . on a hike for my homeschool biology class , to a waterfall .	i think i pulled a muscle on a hike . ever done that ?	yes , i have . on a hike for my homeschool biology class , to a waterfall .	that sounds amazing , do you hike a lot ?	when i can , i live in northern cali .	no way , i follow some rappers in cali ! do you like rap ?
ner-0382	those republicans ! they do not appreciate the power of computers .	howdy how are you doing my friend ?	those republicans ! they do not appreciate the power of computers .	howdy how are you doing my friend ?	fine , considering the political climate . but i can always find a book to keep me sane .	i can cook great i need to be a chef . good for you reading .	good for you . i saw on the news that cooking jobs are in demand .	i live in my own apartment it is very costly .	hopefully it is worth it . how else do you spend your time ?	i like to read books on romance and watch movies . do you ?	i love romance novels . they are a nice break from political nonfiction and the news .	i am disabled but try to stay busy i am afraid of dogs though .	if you ever need to have your computer fixed , i can help you .	oh that is wonderful i am renting in jersey though .	ah , new jersey . it is getting redder and redder .
ner-0383	hi how are you ? my left leg is in pain daily .	ouch , why is it painful ?	hi how are you ? my left leg is in pain daily .	ouch , why is it painful ?	old age ! i hope i can retire soon ! do you also ?	ah , what do you do for work ?	i love riding horses ! when leg is better i will do so ! do you like horses ?	i do , but i prefer carpentry projects or family time	i love horses and facial hair ! do you like mustaches ?	i have one , but my family hates it . do you	i also like family time ! do you have a big family ?	is three a lot ? do you have kids ?	have you ever visited australia ? i plan to go !	i do not have many friends to travel with . why australia
ner-0384	hello , how are you tonight ? are you a gamer like me ?
ner-0385	good morning , it is beautiful today . do you swim to school ?	good morning to you ! no , i ice skate to college .	good morning , it is beautiful today . do you swim to school ?
ner-0386	hello , my name is jonas , how are you doing today ?	bad , i am broke and my low income apartment has rent due tomorrow	hello , my name is jonas , how are you doing today ?
ner-0387	hello i am ray i am 20 years old	that is ironic , my dad is named ray . he lives with my mom in australia
ner-0388	hi i am joanna . i sing blues professionally	oh that is cool . i can do your hair before a show . hair stylist here haha	hi i am joanna . i sing blues professionally	oh that is cool . i can do your hair before a show . hair stylist here haha	great ! i do work on my fathers hobby farm in my spare time	oh that sounds like hard work . can i bring all 3 of my dogs to the farm ?	sure ! my mom teaches music . i discovered in her class that i had singing talent	oh wow . i gotta hear you sing one day haha	can you dye hair too ? i was going to dye my hair purple for my next show	yes i do everything . except sunday . that is when i watch football	sunday is when i watch horror films . so that is out for me too .	haha cool cool . i cant wait till christmas . my favorite holiday
ner-0389	howdy how are you doing tonight i am doing fine .	i am doing fine too .	howdy how are you doing tonight i am doing fine .
ner-0390	i am getting hungry , how about you ?	i just ate with my two boys . i am a single mom .	i am getting hungry , how about you ?	i just ate with my two boys . i am a single mom .	tell me it was vegan food please , that is all i eat .	nope , i am a meat eater . do you drive ? my car is a honda civic .	i drive a truck so i can play my country music everywhere i go .	that is awesome ! i am an accountant . do you like to hike ? i love it .	i cannot hike because i have a disability . i cannot even work much either	sorry to hear that . where are you from ? i am from ohio .	i live in california currently . spend my days knitting for children
ner-0391	good evening , what is new with you ?	not much . i went to an amusement park today , you ?	good evening , what is new with you ?	not much . i went to an amusement park today , you ?	that sounds fun ! i got a new book about europe , i would love to travel there .	i would love that too . i have never even left maryland	i dream of walking through europe one day .
ner-0392	how are you you tonight ? i am working on some crafts as we talk .	nice , is that what you always do after dinner ?	how are you you tonight ? i am working on some crafts as we talk .
ner-0393	hello , how are you tonight ? i just got off work .	cool , doing well . where do you work ?	hello , how are you tonight ? i just got off work .
ner-0394	hey ! how are you tonight ?	i am good and you ?	hey ! how are you tonight ?	i am good and you ?	tired . just got back from my job at the research facility .	wow that is nice ! do you like old generation music ?	i do . i listen to it when i do my other gig as an artist .	when are you planning to retired ? i try to retired in the next 5 years	oh i got a way to go . being only 5 feet tall i have to work harder .	i am sorry to hear that	it is ok , i am use to it .	do you like to eat barbeque food ?	i do . i like bbq very much .
ner-0395	hey , how are you today ?	i am okay . living paycheck to paycheck is taking a toll on me . how about you ?	hey , how are you today ?	i am okay . living paycheck to paycheck is taking a toll on me . how about you ?	i am sorry to hear that ! i work as a forklift driver in a warehouse	interesting . i live with my cat and teach kindergarten .	what is your cats name ? i love to bbq !
ner-0396	hi ! how are you ? do you have any hobbies ?	hi . yeah , i guess . i love going to the theater for movies .	hi ! how are you ? do you have any hobbies ?	hi . yeah , i guess . i love going to the theater for movies .	that is cool ! do you have a favorite movie ?	yeah , i like love actually , i watch it with my husband .	cool ! i like to watch tv with my cat .	i like tv too , but my husband is always complaining i need to exercise more	that is sad . i exercise every day . i walk 1 mile daily .	oh ? i hate to exercise , i would rather stay home all day , frankly .
ner-0397	hello , how are you tonight ? do you have pets or children ?	hi there . i do not any children but i do have a dog named charlie .	hello , how are you tonight ? do you have pets or children ?	hi there . i do not any children but i do have a dog named charlie .	aw . that is so cute . i am designing a snoopy tee tonight .	neat ! where are you from ? i am from australia . my parents still live there .	i am in the united states . i always wanted to go to australia .
ner-0398	i just became a dad for the first time !	i love some luke bryant how about you ?
ner-0399	hello , my name is suzanne and you ?	hello , i am patrick . how are you ?
ner-0400	i have horses , i love them and work together with them	i just graduated school . i am gonna get married soon	i have horses , i love them and work together with them	i just graduated school . i am gonna get married soon	my other hobbies are cooking by using it from my garden	when i was in hs i played basketball but now i rather watch it on tv	that is so nice , i love john denver by the way	i absolutely love soccer i wish i still played	i know what you mean , i grew up in a horse ranch that is so large .	i wish my childhood was as exciting	do you work out daily ? i do .	yes its a habit i played soccer in hs so i still stick to that regiment
ner-0401	hey ! do you like music ? i like metallica .	i like country music mostly	hey ! do you like music ? i like metallica .
ner-0402	hey how are you today ?	i am well . how about you ?	hey how are you today ?	i am well . how about you ?	i am a bit sore from doing tae kwan do .	nice ! i just signed up for a jujitsu class ! so far it seems fun .	nice , i am a state champion .	wow ! that is amazing ! do you do anything else to help support your tae kwan do ?
ner-0403	hey , i am from chicago , how about you ?
ner-0404	howdy how are you doing tonight i am okay thanks you jesus .	i am doing great . just thinking about my parents . they died years ago	howdy how are you doing tonight i am okay thanks you jesus .
ner-0405	hi i am from wisconsin and i do management consulting .	hello , i am a web designer .	hi i am from wisconsin and i do management consulting .
ner-0406	hey , i am from chicago , how about you ?
ner-0407	hello how are you today	i am doing well , and you ?	hello how are you today	i am doing well , and you ?	i am doing great ! its my favorite time of the year	mine as well , i plan to walk my two dogs later today	what kind of dogs do you have ? the only pet i have is a turtle	i have a german shepards , what is your turtles name ?
ner-0408	hello i am a real estate agent in canada where are you ?	hi there i teach biology college	hello i am a real estate agent in canada where are you ?
ner-0409	hey there how are you ?	hi ! i am well . just tired after a big run this afternoon .
ner-0410	hello , how are you tonight ?
ner-0411	its fall ! finally time for the snow to come ! !	i am from australia so i lobe a good snowfall
ner-0412	hello . i work as a batista . how about you ?
ner-0413	hey there how are you today ?	i am doing good . so tell me where you are from ?	hey there how are you today ?	i am doing good . so tell me where you are from ?	i am from new york . i am in college soon .
ner-0414	i am in school to be a nurse .	great , i am also a student for 2 more years	i am in school to be a nurse .	great , i am also a student for 2 more years	that is awesome ! ever since marty went i have been attached to my sister !	oh , i do not have siblings so i am not sure what that is like	it is nice . to help people as a nurse too i understand peoples pain .	are you in a hospital treating folks	not currently . that would be dangerous haha	who is marty relation to you	marty was my husband . i just enjoyed his company so much .	oh i see , well have a great evening	thank you . i hope you have a great evening as well	take care and tell marty where is mc fly
ner-0415	hi what are you up to ? i am relaxing with pedro my puppy	hello , i am reading a novel .	hi what are you up to ? i am relaxing with pedro my puppy	hello , i am reading a novel .	what about ? wish i had more time to read but as a nurse i do not	i am studying to be a chef . my romance novel is about two cooks !	cool ! i do not really have hobbies but i do love eating muffins !	we would get along since i like to bake !	oh yes ! i am pretty short so i always need a stool if i try to bake	you are funny ! how short are you ?	five feet ! not a little person but certainly not tall	i am only five feet and five inches , so i am short too . are you married ?	i am not . i just have my dog pedro . he is my family
ner-0416	good evening . my name is elisa how are you ?	i am well ! my name is karen . what are you up to this evening ?	good evening . my name is elisa how are you ?	i am well ! my name is karen . what are you up to this evening ?
ner-0417	howdy how are you doing tonight i am doing fine .
ner-0418	hello there . where are you from ?	i am from canada . how about you ?	hello there . where are you from ?	i am from canada . how about you ?
ner-0419	hey there how are you today ?	hi . good . just quilting tonight . tomorrow night i will cross stitch .
ner-0420	hello ! what is your name ?	hello ! my name is ryan . you ?
ner-0421	i have horses , i love them and work together with them	i just graduated school . i am gonna get married soon	i have horses , i love them and work together with them	i just graduated school . i am gonna get married soon	my other hobbies are cooking by using it from my garden	when i was in hs i played basketball but now i rather watch it on tv	that is so nice , i love john denver by the way	i absolutely love soccer i wish i still played	i know what you mean , i grew up in a horse ranch that is so large .	i wish my childhood was as exciting	do you work out daily ? i do .	yes its a habit i played soccer in hs so i still stick to that regiment
ner-0422	hi ! i love to party and jam to metallica . what are your hobbies ?
ner-0423	hi there , just got home from my job at mcdonalds and ready to chat .
ner-0424	hello , how are you this evening ?
ner-0425	hello ! how are you today ?	i am great ! i just got done with a big biology test . how are you ?	hello ! how are you today ?	i am great ! i just got done with a big biology test . how are you ?	good . just a long day in middle school ! how old are you ?	i am 20 years old and studying in college . and you ?	i am 14 and cannot wait for college ! what are you studying ?	i am studying marine biology . i love marine life and the ocean .	animals do not judge . i am a big fan of dogs ! do not like cats though !	agreed ! i am allergic to cats . what do you want to study in college ?	want to be an actor ! i am a trans boy so i can be whoever in theater !	true . you must have lots of insight into both male and female .	do you like music ? i am a big pink floyd fan !	i love music . pink floyd is pretty great , especially while watching the wizard of oz .
ner-0426	i turned 90 on saturday , how old are you ?	i am 22 ! i just had my birthday too , and got my nails done as a celebration !	i turned 90 on saturday , how old are you ?
ner-0427	i have horses , i love them and work together with them	i just graduated school . i am gonna get married soon	i have horses , i love them and work together with them	i just graduated school . i am gonna get married soon	my other hobbies are cooking by using it from my garden	when i was in hs i played basketball but now i rather watch it on tv	that is so nice , i love john denver by the way	i absolutely love soccer i wish i still played	i know what you mean , i grew up in a horse ranch that is so large .	i wish my childhood was as exciting	do you work out daily ? i do .	yes its a habit i played soccer in hs so i still stick to that regiment
ner-0428	hi ! i am a 17 year old hippie , complete with the vw beetle !
ner-0429	hey there how are you ?	not bad its a beautiful night in california and you ?
ner-0430	did you know that working at whole foods means you can ride a horse to work ? !	not really , i am studying at the university up state learning biology .	did you know that working at whole foods means you can ride a horse to work ? !	not really , i am studying at the university up state learning biology .	that is cool . hoping to go to med school ?	marine biology actually , still a student but i do not party .	neither do i . instead i paint in my spare time . often times it is a city landscape	that is nice , i was born and raised in the united states have you painted there ?	yup , i live in the us . a major west coast city in fact .	awesome , we should chat more often . well i am very busy with my study .	and i am budy analyzing taylor swift lyrics . did you know they can contain hidden messages ? !
ner-0431	what up ! bruce here . ex marine , one leg and agent put me in a wheelchair .	interesting combo . i am a big robert frost fan .	what up ! bruce here . ex marine , one leg and agent put me in a wheelchair .
ner-0432	i just became a dad for the first time !	i love some luke bryant how about you ?
ner-0433	hi , how are you today ?	i am good ! do you have any hobbies ?	hi , how are you today ?	i am good ! do you have any hobbies ?	yes ! i love to garden and then cook from what i grow . do you ?	gardening sounds amazing ! i like to listen to metallica in my free time .	really ? john denver is more my style as a musician .	that is cool ! where do you work at ?	i am living on a large horse ranch that i was raised on , it is my work .	it must be amazing to work with horses ! i work as a consultant .	that is neat . what else do you like to do ?	i like to spend time with my brothers . i have two . how about you ?	i have four ! every day i have to work out to keep up with them .	wow ! it must have been hard to grow up with 4 brothers !	definitely ! but living on a farm is hard work so they are helpful	awesome ! i am originally from wisconsin .	i have family from wisconsin and michigan .
ner-0434	hey there how are you today ?	i am doing good . so tell me where you are from ?	hey there how are you today ?	i am doing good . so tell me where you are from ?	i am from new york . i am in college soon .
ner-0435	hello ! how are you today ?	i am great ! i just got done with a big biology test . how are you ?	hello ! how are you today ?	i am great ! i just got done with a big biology test . how are you ?	good . just a long day in middle school ! how old are you ?	i am 20 years old and studying in college . and you ?	i am 14 and cannot wait for college ! what are you studying ?	i am studying marine biology . i love marine life and the ocean .	animals do not judge . i am a big fan of dogs ! do not like cats though !	agreed ! i am allergic to cats . what do you want to study in college ?	want to be an actor ! i am a trans boy so i can be whoever in theater !	true . you must have lots of insight into both male and female .	do you like music ? i am a big pink floyd fan !	i love music . pink floyd is pretty great , especially while watching the wizard of oz .	wow you read my mind ! ! !	trans boy , theater , pink floyd , wizard of oz . of course !
ner-0436	hello , how are you this evening ?	hey , i am good . how about you ?	hello , how are you this evening ?
ner-0437	hello , what are you up to ?	hi , not doing much . recovering my brother wedding was saturday	hello , what are you up to ?	hi , not doing much . recovering my brother wedding was saturday	how was it ? i am about to eat some steak	it was too much fun ! steak sounds good	i just grilled it . what do you do for fun ?	i like board games . how about you	camping and hiking are my favorite	i used to go camping in arizona , that is why named my cat arizona
ner-0438	hey do you like classical music ? i love bach	bach is quite lovely . i enjoy listening to it with my friends here in the sea !	hey do you like classical music ? i love bach	bach is quite lovely . i enjoy listening to it with my friends here in the sea !	are you a mermaid ? i did not know they spoke english like me
ner-0439	how are you doing today ?	good and you ? i just got home from canada .
ner-0440	hey how are you doing this evening ?
ner-0441	hello , how are you tonight ? i just got off work .	cool , doing well . where do you work ?	hello , how are you tonight ? i just got off work .
ner-0442	hello , how are you tonight ? are you a buckeyes fan ?
ner-0443	hey , nice to meet you . what are you hobbies ?	hello , how are you today ? i fight for environmental rights .	hey , nice to meet you . what are you hobbies ?	hello , how are you today ? i fight for environmental rights .	oh cool . i am well . i grew up on a horse ranch . still there .	that sounds neat . i actually work selling homes . so you ranch ?	yes . i love taking care of my horses .	my kids would love to see your horses .	well you are welcome to visit .	thank you . are you considering college ?	oh i already went . this place makes me exercise every day .	i bet it does ! working in real estate is not much exercise .	arming is handful but i do get to cook with stuff from my backyard .	oh i love natural raised foods .	my ranch is big and i can listen to john denver there while i work .
ner-0444	hello there . where are you from ?	i am from canada . how about you ?	hello there . where are you from ?	i am from canada . how about you ?
ner-0445	hi , how are you doing today ?	hey , i am doing good . how about you ? what are you up to ?	hi , how are you doing today ?	hey , i am doing good . how about you ? what are you up to ?	just having a glass of iced tea after a long day . what do you like to drink ?	maybe a nice glass of wine while i finish my eggplant parmigiana for dinner .	sounds yummy are you a vegetarian ?	no , not really . are you ? if i leave some food , my dog charlie will eat it .	no , but many pf my friends from canada are vegan . i love dogs .	i will take my dog to visit my folks in australia soon . will be interesting .	sounds like fun . brisbane ? queensland ?	sydney . i will go there after the stock markets slow down for winter .	great idea . what kind of dog is charlie ?
ner-0446	good afternoon . sitting here listening to john denver . i adore him .	that sounds fun . i am more of a soft rock guy .	good afternoon . sitting here listening to john denver . i adore him .
ner-0447	hi ! how are you tonight ?	good ! how are you doing ?	hi ! how are you tonight ?
ner-0448	how are you doing today ?	i am great ! how are you doing on this fine evening ?	how are you doing today ?	i am great ! how are you doing on this fine evening ?
ner-0449	hi , tracy here . my divorce is final today . cannot wait to tell my kids .	congratulations ! i married my high school sweetheart while working in hollister .
ner-0450	hello , what is your favorite musician ? mine is john denver	do you like eggplant parmigiana , it is my favorite	hello , what is your favorite musician ? mine is john denver	do you like eggplant parmigiana , it is my favorite	yeah they are the best , i eat them at my horse ranch	country road take me home is my favorite song .	nice , i love music , and my horses do too , i love working with them	charlie is the name of my dog , mom and dad is in australia
ner-0451	hello , how are you this evening ?	fine . just got back from the gym . love weightlifting . you ?	hello , how are you this evening ?
ner-0452	hello , how are you doing this evening ?	i am good ! and you ?	hello , how are you doing this evening ?
ner-0453	hi , do you like sports ? i love softball	i am more of a reader	hi , do you like sports ? i love softball	i am more of a reader	good for you , what do you do for work ?	i work in an office , you ?	i am in a program to help troubled teens	oh , are you a troubled teen ?	no i work with them , i help them . i give them my favorite italian food while break	well good for you . i also love italian	yeah i love cooking italian and singing choir
ner-0454	hi , i am 20 years old and i am a guy , who are you ?	i am a 19 year old girl studying fashion design	hi , i am 20 years old and i am a guy , who are you ?	i am a 19 year old girl studying fashion design	nice i am in the army and i am in south korea now
ner-0455	hey i am jordan and i am a veterinarian . how are you doing today ?
ner-0456	hello how are you ?	good . just got done volunteering for the animal shelter . you ?	hello how are you ?	good . just got done volunteering for the animal shelter . you ?	i am currently watching the news i watch it every night	my parents taught and they always use to make me watch . so boring	i think it is good to know what is going on	i would rather hike the mountains near my house and watch the wildlife .	oh i do not go out much i am more of a nerd	what do you like to do ? i love to listen to barry manila	well i work with computers and then read every spare min i have	what are you currently reading ? i like to read about animals	i am reading some books about the hillary clinton since i vote democrat	interesting . i would vote if barry manila was running !
ner-0457	hi . just chilling to john denver after my work out . how about you ?	hi , just studying for my college exam . hows it going	hi . just chilling to john denver after my work out . how about you ?
ner-0458	hi this is josh . just got out of class . i am a law student .
ner-0459	hi how are you ? i am in jail right now .	i am good . . . not in jail , lol .	hi how are you ? i am in jail right now .	i am good . . . not in jail , lol .	i stole a water bottle from the store and ended up here .	oh . i am a managerial consultant in wisconsin .	wow ! i have always wanted to be a fashion designer .	maybe once you get out of jail you can be .	yeah but my ex boyfriend from high school is dating my best friend now .	oh that stinks . i am single .	i am too , i think it is my parents fault	what type of music do you listen to ?	i really like pop . you ?	i like rock and pop . metallica is my favorite .	i like metallica too but my future kids probably will not .
ner-0460	hey there how are you today ?	i am great how are you ?	hey there how are you today ?	i am great how are you ?	like bbq ? i love bbq a lot
ner-0461	hey there how are you today ?	i am doing good . so tell me where you are from ?	hey there how are you today ?	i am doing good . so tell me where you are from ?	i am from new york . i am in college soon .
ner-0462	hi there , how are you today ?	i am great ! just got home from working with dogs all day !
ner-0463	hey i am brianna hows it going	good , name is tom . i work with teens having problems and teach them taekwondo .	hey i am brianna hows it going	good , name is tom . i work with teens having problems and teach them taekwondo .
ner-0464	hi ! i love to party and jam to metallica . what are your hobbies ?
ner-0465	hi ! do you enjoy walking ? i am going out for a walk in my garden	i do enjoy walking ! i love to put my headphones on and walk around .	hi ! do you enjoy walking ? i am going out for a walk in my garden	i do enjoy walking ! i love to put my headphones on and walk around .	my college students always have headphones in . drives me nuts !	music is my bread and butter , i like surrounding myself with music . what do you teach ?	biology is my subject . it is fascinating	wow , that is cool , you must be very smart . i work at petsmart right now	i gained a lot of knowledge during my travels through europe	what is your favorite place to visit in europe ?
ner-0466	hi my name is marie how are you today ?	hey marie . i am well thank you . how old are you ?	hi my name is marie how are you today ?
ner-0467	i just became a dad for the first time !	i love some luke bryant how about you ?	i just became a dad for the first time !	i love some luke bryant how about you ?
ner-0468	good morning , it is beautiful today . do you swim to school ?	good morning to you ! no , i ice skate to college .	good morning , it is beautiful today . do you swim to school ?
ner-0469	hello , my name is suzanne and you ?	hello , i am patrick . how are you ?
ner-0470	hello , how are you tonight ?	how are you doing this late night let us chat .
ner-0471	hi how are you today ?	so so . really craving a drink tonight . quit five years ago . how are you ?	hi how are you today ?	so so . really craving a drink tonight . quit five years ago . how are you ?	i am good . just came in from a long walk with my st bernard , charlie	sounds nice . i have been working on my wooden sail boat .	oh fun ! do you mean as a craft or like , one you can sail in ?	sail in , although my day trade is carpentry . what do you do for a living ?	i am in between jobs . i took time off to travel across europe . i leave next week
ner-0472	hi , how are you doing today ?	hi . i am good . how are you ?	hi , how are you doing today ?	hi . i am good . how are you ?	i am doing great , where are you from ?	i am from texas . i operate a dog obedience school .	were you impacted from the storm or your dog obedience school ?	no we were not thankfully . do you like sweets ? the size of my sweet tooth is unreal !	that is fantastic and yes i love sweets , what is your favorite sweets ?	probably chocolate . what is your favorite hobby ? i like dancing at the club .	i love dancing and singing at home lol .	ah . i take and post pictures of myself a lot .	which social media do you like , instagram , twitter , facebook or snapchat ?
ner-0473	hi want to be friends with me	hello , are you a musician ?	hi want to be friends with me	hello , are you a musician ?	i am how did you know	i am as well , small world .	my father was a cop . he was not thrilled when i started a band	mine was too . i love nirvana .	i bet we could go for a morning jog together	that would be wonderful , have you ever done run disney ?	i am planning a trip soon	where are you going ? i would love to go to ireland .
ner-0474	hi ! what do you like to do ? i like reading and video games	hello . i do not really play video games , but i am a big movie fan .	hi ! what do you like to do ? i like reading and video games	hello . i do not really play video games , but i am a big movie fan .	i like to read drama books that are sometimes made into movies	that is interesting . my favorite movie is napoleon dynamite . i even named my dog pedro .	haha funny . i love dogs since i am a veterinarian .	oh wow ! i wanted to be a vet when i was a kid . i work in healthcare .	cool ! i live in florida so lots of doctors here	very nice , i love florida . what are your hobbies ? i enjoy baking , my favorite are muffins .	i travel back to my home state of california and read	so you have family in california ?
ner-0475	hello , how are you doing ?	pretty good . listening to barry manila now
ner-0476	hey do you like classical music ? i love bach	bach is quite lovely . i enjoy listening to it with my friends here in the sea !	hey do you like classical music ? i love bach	bach is quite lovely . i enjoy listening to it with my friends here in the sea !	are you a mermaid ? i did not know they spoke english like me
ner-0477	hey ! do you like music ? i like metallica .	i like country music mostly	hey ! do you like music ? i like metallica .
ner-0478	hey , i am here with my dogs , timbo and bananas	i love dogs ! we have a lot of them on my horse ranch .	hey , i am here with my dogs , timbo and bananas	i love dogs ! we have a lot of them on my horse ranch .	that is awesome ! what do you do with your horses ?	i train horses for a living . what do you do ?	i play frisbee competitively and it is so much fun	that is great ! i exercise every day to stay healthy and eat from my garden	yes . it is so important to state healthy so your dogs always have you	when i am on the ranch working i listen to john denver on my ipod	west virginia . take me home .
ner-0479	hey , i am here with my dogs , timbo and bananas	i love dogs ! we have a lot of them on my horse ranch .	hey , i am here with my dogs , timbo and bananas	i love dogs ! we have a lot of them on my horse ranch .	that is awesome ! what do you do with your horses ?	i train horses for a living . what do you do ?	i play frisbee competitively and it is so much fun	that is great ! i exercise every day to stay healthy and eat from my garden	yes . it is so important to state healthy so your dogs always have you	when i am on the ranch working i listen to john denver on my ipod	west virginia . take me home .
ner-0480	hi what are you up to ? i am relaxing with pedro my puppy	hello , i am reading a novel .	hi what are you up to ? i am relaxing with pedro my puppy	hello , i am reading a novel .	what about ? wish i had more time to read but as a nurse i do not	i am studying to be a chef . my romance novel is about two cooks !	cool ! i do not really have hobbies but i do love eating muffins !	we would get along since i like to bake !	oh yes ! i am pretty short so i always need a stool if i try to bake	you are funny ! how short are you ?	five feet ! not a little person but certainly not tall	i am only five feet and five inches , so i am short too . are you married ?	i am not . i just have my dog pedro . he is my family
ner-0481	what up ! bruce here . ex marine , one leg and agent put me in a wheelchair .	interesting combo . i am a big robert frost fan .	what up ! bruce here . ex marine , one leg and agent put me in a wheelchair .
ner-0482	hi ! what do you like to do ? i like reading and video games	hello . i do not really play video games , but i am a big movie fan .	hi ! what do you like to do ? i like reading and video games	hello . i do not really play video games , but i am a big movie fan .	i like to read drama books that are sometimes made into movies	that is interesting . my favorite movie is napoleon dynamite . i even named my dog pedro .	haha funny . i love dogs since i am a veterinarian .	oh wow ! i wanted to be a vet when i was a kid . i work in healthcare .	cool ! i live in florida so lots of doctors here	very nice , i love florida . what are your hobbies ? i enjoy baking , my favorite are muffins .
ner-0483	hi my name is marie how are you today ?	hey marie . i am well thank you . how old are you ?	hi my name is marie how are you today ?	hey marie . i am well thank you . how old are you ?
ner-0484	hi my name is john	hi john my name is marie , nice to meet you .	hi my name is john
ner-0485	hi , i am a jew and in new york city , who are you and where you from ?	i am a teacher , but also incidentally i am jewish	hi , i am a jew and in new york city , who are you and where you from ?	i am a teacher , but also incidentally i am jewish	whoa , do you go to the synagogue ? i ride my bike there , i do not drive	i do , i especially enjoyed yom kippur recently , i jog to temple actually	do you stop by somewhere to eat ? i hate sweet stuff but in philly cheesesteak ?	sometimes i take my kids to the pool , we all love to swim	cool , please tell me more	the pool is called the princeton club , it a big pool with a hot tub	i watch a lot of tv , the office is a great show	i agree , i love the office , dwight is so funny
ner-0486	hello , how are you this evening ?
ner-0487	hey there , how are you doing ?	i am good just reading about europe and you ?	hey there , how are you doing ?	i am good just reading about europe and you ?	that sounds interesting ! i am just knitting hats right now	i wish i could knit a scarf for my big dog george ! what else do you like ?	i like to cook , what about you ? do you like cooking ?	i do not cook much but i do love to eat , especially italian food
ner-0488	hello . just having a cup of tea . . . you ?	i am enjoying a nice scotch to relax	hello . just having a cup of tea . . . you ?	i am enjoying a nice scotch to relax	my folks got me started on tea , why scotch ?	trying to come up with stories all day stresses me out .	are you a writer ? i work on sci fi !	yea , i write for a living , what do you do at your job ?	same here . sci fi mostly . writing about a snake today .	cool , but i am afraid of snakes , along with dogs and clowns .	me too . also spiders ! interesting that we have so much in common .	what do you like to do on your time off , i enjoy superhero movies like batman	i am more of a game of thrones type . but i have been to gencon .
ner-0489	hello , how are you tonight ?	eating some yummy eggplant parmigiana . it is so good .	hello , how are you tonight ?
ner-0490	hi there how are you dong	great . just got finished eating sushi . . my favorite . you ?	hi there how are you dong	great . just got finished eating sushi . . my favorite . you ?	yum ! i am a vet so i just got home . sick cat tonight	aww . listening to rap now , my favorite genre .	i prefer alternative . my name is jordan . what is yours	i am ashley . i live with my dad and brother . my mom passed . you ?	my mom actually passed too . dad also	oh boy . it is tough to deal . do you work out ? i enjoy it a lot .	i do work out . i am also a musician	i love listening to music while i work out . so where are you from ?	originally california , however i live in florida at the moment	nice weather there . we are in maine .	i have always wanted to visit there	getting chilly now tho . it is beautiful tho .	i hear the scenery is just breath taking	can not wait to get to florida again soon . been nice chatting .
ner-0491	hello how are you today ?	i am doing well . glad that monday is done and over with . how are you ?	hello how are you today ?	i am doing well . glad that monday is done and over with . how are you ?
ner-0492	hello , i love fashion and hope to be a doctor one day . you ?	hello , i am an accountant from ohio . i have two boys and i am single .	hello , i love fashion and hope to be a doctor one day . you ?	hello , i am an accountant from ohio . i have two boys and i am single .
ner-0493	hello good evening . how are you doing ?	i am doing pretty good . how about yourself ?	hello good evening . how are you doing ?	i am doing pretty good . how about yourself ?	i am doing good . how old are you ?	that is good . i am 20 years old . how about you ?	i am 24 years old . getting old lol	nah . not at all . lol . i wish i were older some days .	i wish i was 20 years old good ages .	yeah , no real complaints here except i wish to travel still .	do you like to travel ?	here and there , although i have never left tennessee .	where is this tennessee is it a country ?	it is in the usa . it is a state . where are you from ?	i live in connecticut . it is close to new york .	oh okay . you are north east of me then . a little bit of a drive .	were you born in the usa ?
ner-0494	hello , how are you today	i am great ! just walked my dog , charlie . how about you ?	hello , how are you today	i am great ! just walked my dog , charlie . how about you ?	i am petting my one and only cat . where are you from	my family and i are from australia . where are you from ?	that is different , i live in seattle and have two roommates
ner-0495	hello , how are you this evening ?
ner-0496	hello there . where are you from ?	i am from a low income apartment complex in wv
ner-0497	hello . just having a cup of tea . . . you ?	i am enjoying a nice scotch to relax	hello . just having a cup of tea . . . you ?	i am enjoying a nice scotch to relax	my folks got me started on tea , why scotch ?	trying to come up with stories all day stresses me out .	are you a writer ? i work on sci fi !	yea , i write for a living , what do you do at your job ?	same here . sci fi mostly . writing about a snake today .	cool , but i am afraid of snakes , along with dogs and clowns .	me too . also spiders ! interesting that we have so much in common .	what do you like to do on your time off , i enjoy superhero movies like batman	i am more of a game of thrones type . but i have been to gencon .
ner-0498	hello , my name is jonas , how are you doing today ?	bad , i am broke and my low income apartment has rent due tomorrow	hello , my name is jonas , how are you doing today ?
ner-0499	hello how are you doing	how are you doing today	hello how are you doing	how are you doing today	i am great . how is your day	i have a lot of homework to finish	what do you go to school for	lyrics writing . . . i am a songwriter since the third grade	that is great . where do you want to work ?	what rhymes with orange . . . that is my nightmare right now	i am not sure . lol	oh i want to work for willie . . . the . . . willie . . . nelson
ner-0500	hello . i am an attorney and i live in oklahoma . what about you ?
ner-0501	hey there how are you ?	not bad its a beautiful night in california and you ?	hey there how are you ?	not bad its a beautiful night in california and you ?
ner-0502	hi . i am sheila . i an 12 .	hey i am brian i am 14
ner-0503	hello i am ray i am 20 years old	that is ironic , my dad is named ray . he lives with my mom in australia
ner-0504	i think i pulled a muscle on a hike . ever done that ?	yes , i have . on a hike for my homeschool biology class , to a waterfall .	i think i pulled a muscle on a hike . ever done that ?	yes , i have . on a hike for my homeschool biology class , to a waterfall .	that sounds amazing , do you hike a lot ?	when i can , i live in northern cali .	no way , i follow some rappers in cali ! do you like rap ?
ner-0505	hello ! what is your name ?	hello ! my name is ryan . you ?
ner-0506	hello friend . how are you ?	doing well . how are you ?	hello friend . how are you ?	doing well . how are you ?	feeling very inspired today actually . where are you from ?	what is inspiring you ? i am from illinois . you ?	i am an aspiring writer from the north west . do you like to read ?	i do ! but i would rather hang out with my robot best friend	your friend is a robot ? what is his name ?	yeah , i am homeschooled so i made my own friend . his name is sparky	this sounds like a great fantasy novel come to life !	what can i say ? i am amazing lol	its almost as cool as lord of the rings . have you seen those movies ?	of course ! i love to dress up like a hobbit	does sparky dress up too ?
ner-0507	hi how are you doing	i quit high school and i run marathons . hi !	hi how are you doing	i quit high school and i run marathons . hi !	wow is that what you want to do forever	no i work at wendys in florida . do you have a dog ?	ho i am a doctor do not have time for pets	what kind of doctor ? you exercise ? i am runner .	i like to run too i am a pediatrician	i do not have pets either . you a lady doctor a man doctor ?	i am a lady doctor	you ever eat at wendys ? i went to washington school before i quit .	i like wendys they have good burgers
ner-0508	hey , i am here with my dogs , timbo and bananas	i love dogs ! we have a lot of them on my horse ranch .	hey , i am here with my dogs , timbo and bananas	i love dogs ! we have a lot of them on my horse ranch .	that is awesome ! what do you do with your horses ?	i train horses for a living . what do you do ?	i play frisbee competitively and it is so much fun	that is great ! i exercise every day to stay healthy and eat from my garden	yes . it is so important to state healthy so your dogs always have you	when i am on the ranch working i listen to john denver on my ipod	west virginia . take me home .
ner-0509	good morning ? do you have any jobs	good afternoon from pennsylvania . i am currently a medical scribe preparing to apply to medical school .	good morning ? do you have any jobs	good afternoon from pennsylvania . i am currently a medical scribe preparing to apply to medical school .
ner-0510	hi there , how are you today ?	i am great ! just got home from working with dogs all day !	hi there , how are you today ?	i am great ! just got home from working with dogs all day !
ner-0511	hello , my name is debra who are you ?	hi my name is anne	hello , my name is debra who are you ?
ner-0512	hi how are you today ?	so so . really craving a drink tonight . quit five years ago . how are you ?	hi how are you today ?	so so . really craving a drink tonight . quit five years ago . how are you ?	i am good . just came in from a long walk with my st bernard , charlie	sounds nice . i have been working on my wooden sail boat .	oh fun ! do you mean as a craft or like , one you can sail in ?	sail in , although my day trade is carpentry . what do you do for a living ?	i am in between jobs . i took time off to travel across europe . i leave next week
ner-0513	hey there how are you today ?	i am doing good . so tell me where you are from ?	hey there how are you today ?	i am doing good . so tell me where you are from ?	i am from new york . i am in college soon .
ner-0514	what up ! bruce here . ex marine , one leg and agent put me in a wheelchair .	interesting combo . i am a big robert frost fan .	what up ! bruce here . ex marine , one leg and agent put me in a wheelchair .
ner-0515	hi there , how are you today ?	i am great ! just got home from working with dogs all day !
ner-0516	hi there how are you doing ?	i am good . just put my boys to bed . how are you ?	hi there how are you doing ?	i am good . just put my boys to bed . how are you ?	good just listening to metallica with 2 my brothers	i actually like to listen to them while hiking . what do you do for fun ?	i do you like hiking in the cold or snow ? i love them both	i am from ohio so its usually pretty cold . i do not mind it
ner-0517	do you have a moment to talk about our lord and savior ?	always ! i love talking about jesus .	do you have a moment to talk about our lord and savior ?	always ! i love talking about jesus .	being devout catholic is such an important part of life . i love jesus .	being a mom with two sons , it is vital they know jesus .
ner-0518	hey , i am here with my dogs , timbo and bananas	i love dogs ! we have a lot of them on my horse ranch .	hey , i am here with my dogs , timbo and bananas	i love dogs ! we have a lot of them on my horse ranch .	that is awesome ! what do you do with your horses ?	i train horses for a living . what do you do ?	i play frisbee competitively and it is so much fun	that is great ! i exercise every day to stay healthy and eat from my garden	yes . it is so important to state healthy so your dogs always have you	when i am on the ranch working i listen to john denver on my ipod	west virginia . take me home .
ner-0519	how are you today ? i am doing great myself	i am great ! it is hot here in south carolina today .
ner-0520	hello how are you tonight ?	i am good ! practicing my singing for my career	hello how are you tonight ?	i am good ! practicing my singing for my career	oh cool . i work with wood . carpenter actually	cool ! you could build sets for me when i become an actress	absolutely . singing comes with the party . i quit the drink over 5 years now .	congratulations ! as a single lady i drink more than i should on blind dates	settle . have a family . kids , my wife gave me 3	it is hard to find a man in new york working as a model . no time
ner-0521	hello . my dad used to teach . tae kwan do specifically . how about yours ?	my dad liked to travel so it has become my passion	hello . my dad used to teach . tae kwan do specifically . how about yours ?	my dad liked to travel so it has become my passion	i have never left my hometown . how old are you ?	i am 23 in law school you ?	12 . i am a student of my father , he has taught me well .	are you very good at tae kwan do ? i am quite good at law
ner-0522	janice here . what are you up to tonight ?	they call me big shirley . i love scary movies . you ?	janice here . what are you up to tonight ?	they call me big shirley . i love scary movies . you ?	well , i am more into sports than i am horror flicks .	i see . i workout lifting weights . you ?	i played a lot of sports in high school , but stopped when i started college .	i am a warehouse worker . i cook a great bbq .	i just graduated college and am still looking for a job .	keep your head up ! i work the forklift . what work do you do ?	my fiance is helping me look for a job .	that is good ! people laugh because my name is joe shirley .
ner-0523	hello , how are you this afternoon ?
ner-0524	hi . i hale from wisconsin . where are you from ?	i am from upstate newyork how is wisconsin ?	hi . i hale from wisconsin . where are you from ?
ner-0525	hi . how are you ? my name is joanna	i am doing well . my name is rachel . yourself ?	hi . how are you ? my name is joanna	i am doing well . my name is rachel . yourself ?	where did you go to college ?	i am still attending at cypress . i binge eat a lot because of this .	i have a degree in psychology from usc , but i am a professional singer	oh damn . tha a t is awesome ! i wish i could do that for a living .	where are you from ? i am from south carolina . i love the south !
ner-0526	hey , i am from chicago , how about you ?
ner-0527	how is this lovely evening treating you ?
ner-0528	hello , how are you today ?	hi . not so hot . i got poison ivy hiking last weekend . how are you ?	hello , how are you today ?	hi . not so hot . i got poison ivy hiking last weekend . how are you ?
ner-0529	hello , how are you tonight ? are you a buckeyes fan ?
ner-0530	what are you doing ? i am sewing a quilt for my aunt .	hi . i am felicia . i am a science teacher and love travel .	what are you doing ? i am sewing a quilt for my aunt .	hi . i am felicia . i am a science teacher and love travel .	awesome . what do you teach ?	spanish and italian . what do you do ?
ner-0531	hello how are you doing i am doing okay .	my dog ginger watches the titantic movie with me every time its on .	hello how are you doing i am doing okay .	my dog ginger watches the titantic movie with me every time its on .	i love listening to music very relaxing .	cool ! i was an exchanged student .	i am kind of huge for 8 feet tall . i do not like my weight .	hmmm . wow ! i met my son for the first time today .	wonderful that is a happy moment i have to attend school soon .	yes it is ! i love putting together model cars .	great sounds like a cool activity i have a small family and one parent .	hmmm . ginger is my golden retriever .
ner-0532	good afternoon . sitting here listening to john denver . i adore him .
ner-0533	hey i am jordan and i am a veterinarian . how are you doing today ?
ner-0534	hello i am ray i am 20 years old	that is ironic , my dad is named ray . he lives with my mom in australia	hello i am ray i am 20 years old	that is ironic , my dad is named ray . he lives with my mom in australia	i just entered the army 6 months ago , i deployed to south korea	do they serve eggplant parmigiana in south korea ? that is my favorite food	no they do not serve that here , but they do in puerto rico , was born there
ner-0535	i think i pulled a muscle on a hike . ever done that ?	yes , i have . on a hike for my homeschool biology class , to a waterfall .	i think i pulled a muscle on a hike . ever done that ?	yes , i have . on a hike for my homeschool biology class , to a waterfall .	that sounds amazing , do you hike a lot ?	when i can , i live in northern cali .	no way , i follow some rappers in cali ! do you like rap ?
ner-0536	hello , janice here . taking a break from studying .	hello , i am mia . i know the feeling , i homeschool my daughter .	hello , janice here . taking a break from studying .
ner-0537	hi how are you tonight ?
ner-0538	hello , do you like tupac ?	i love tupac . he is great to listen to while weightlifting .	hello , do you like tupac ?	i love tupac . he is great to listen to while weightlifting .	i listen to him while playing tennis and running .	that sounds bold . you remind me of theodore roosevelt . who do you look up to ?	indiana jones . i want to be just like him .	i used to act out his movies at home with my sister .	my friends and i do that as well . it is so fun .	we should get together and act . we could pretend to rescue rabbits for my blog .	i have a blog as well , a photography one .	maybe i have seen it . my sister helps me distinguish red from green .	oh , you are color blind . my cousin is as well .	oh , coincidence ! it is weird looking at a picture of tim mcgraw differently than others .	who is tim mcgraw ? is he a writer ?
ner-0539	good evening . i just finished working out .	haha , i just finished a cheese pizza	good evening . i just finished working out .	haha , i just finished a cheese pizza	very cool . i have to take my horse out for a ride in a bit .	i have to go back to work , have a major client who needs his hair done	i hear ya . i need to pick some beans out of my garden for dinner .	i would love to make a dip out of those fresh beans for sunday football	that would be cool if you could .	send some over for christmas ! i love christmas
ner-0540	hello how are you doing	how are you doing today	hello how are you doing	how are you doing today	i am great . how is your day	i have a lot of homework to finish	what do you go to school for	lyrics writing . . . i am a songwriter since the third grade	that is great . where do you want to work ?	what rhymes with orange . . . that is my nightmare right now	i am not sure . lol	oh i want to work for willie . . . the . . . willie . . . nelson
ner-0541	hey whats up ? i just got home from the gym .	right now i am attending school . i like msic .	hey whats up ? i just got home from the gym .	right now i am attending school . i like msic .	awesome bro . i quite school to work and earn money .	my family consists of 4 , myself , one sibling , and 2 parents .	i hate families . i prefer to be alone .	i am short at 5 ft tall . how about you ?	i am 5 ft and 6 in tall . i weigh 220 pounds and its all muscle .	that sounds very nice , yes .	what is your favorite drink ? mine has to be water . i love water	i love pepsi , it is the best .
ner-0542	i divorced doug , gave up my kids and killed the cat . hi , name is john .	hi john . jessie here . i am from canada . where are you from ?	i divorced doug , gave up my kids and killed the cat . hi , name is john .	hi john . jessie here . i am from canada . where are you from ?	get out ! i make and sell jewelry online . i am from new york . you married ?	just recently to my high school sweetheart . we are both 19 .	hi jessie . you sing ? you married young huh ? any pets ?	oh , i love to sing in the shower country mostly . what music do you like ?	jazz . whats your spouse name jessie ? i am 40 .	oh , my husband alex likes jazz .	i see . i hate to sit still so i dance . you dance jessie ?
ner-0543	hello , how are you this evening ?	hi , animal lover here , two hound dogs and a trio of cats .	hello , how are you this evening ?
ner-0544	i turned 90 on saturday , how old are you ?	i am 22 ! i just had my birthday too , and got my nails done as a celebration !	i turned 90 on saturday , how old are you ?
ner-0545	good morning . how are you ?	i am alright , how are you ?	good morning . how are you ?	i am alright , how are you ?	up too early , but that is the best time for surfing .	same , i am browsing music while my baby brother takes his nap . what are you up to ?	i am checking my email , to see if anyone has booked me for a photo shoot .	are you a fashion model ?	i am , and an actress . i am moving to nyc in the spring to further my career .	that sounds awesome , i am too short to be one at five foot .	that is hard . my bonus mom is the same height .	i am part of a noise band , we are hoping to play in vegas
ner-0546	hi how are you today	hi . i am good . i am from new york city . where do you live ?
ner-0547	hey , how are you today ?	i am okay . living paycheck to paycheck is taking a toll on me . how about you ?	hey , how are you today ?	i am okay . living paycheck to paycheck is taking a toll on me . how about you ?	i am sorry to hear that ! i work as a forklift driver in a warehouse	interesting . i live with my cat and teach kindergarten .	what is your cats name ? i love to bbq !
ner-0548	hi , how are you ? what is your name ?	hi i barb . tired from school . how about you ?	hi , how are you ? what is your name ?	hi i barb . tired from school . how about you ?
ner-0549	hi there , how are you today ?	i am great ! just got home from working with dogs all day !
ner-0550	hello good evening . how are you doing ?	i am doing pretty good . how about yourself ?	hello good evening . how are you doing ?	i am doing pretty good . how about yourself ?	i am doing good . how old are you ?	that is good . i am 20 years old . how about you ?	i am 24 years old . getting old lol	nah . not at all . lol . i wish i were older some days .	i wish i was 20 years old good ages .	yeah , no real complaints here except i wish to travel still .	do you like to travel ?	here and there , although i have never left tennessee .	where is this tennessee is it a country ?	it is in the usa . it is a state . where are you from ?	i live in connecticut . it is close to new york .	oh okay . you are north east of me then . a little bit of a drive .	were you born in the usa ?
ner-0551	hey there . how are you ?	wonderful . just finished work . how are you ?	hey there . how are you ?	wonderful . just finished work . how are you ?	doing good ! what do you do for work ?	right now i am modeling . it is why i moved to this city . what do you do ?	that sounds exciting ! i work mentoring troubled teens .	that is why i do not ever want kids . where are you from ?	i do not have any of my own either . i am in north carolina . you ?	new york . a great place to be single ! married yourself ?
ner-0552	hello how are you ?	good . just got done volunteering for the animal shelter . you ?	hello how are you ?	good . just got done volunteering for the animal shelter . you ?	i am currently watching the news i watch it every night	my parents taught and they always use to make me watch . so boring	i think it is good to know what is going on	i would rather hike the mountains near my house and watch the wildlife .	oh i do not go out much i am more of a nerd	what do you like to do ? i love to listen to barry manila	well i work with computers and then read every spare min i have	what are you currently reading ? i like to read about animals	i am reading some books about the hillary clinton since i vote democrat	interesting . i would vote if barry manila was running !
ner-0553	good afternoon . sitting here listening to john denver . i adore him .
ner-0554	how are you tonight ? are you interested in fitness ?	i am great , how are you ? i like to workout .	how are you tonight ? are you interested in fitness ?	i am great , how are you ? i like to workout .	i am doing well . i put on a lot of weight , so now i work out regularly .	while i am still young i am building up my muscle .	fortunately , i have a house on the beach , so i get to swim daily .	my down fall is that i love tea .	well , tea is more healthy than a lot of things . what do you do for work ?	i do web design and what do you do ?	i teach kindergarten . my students think i am cool because i drive a mustang convertible .	yes very nice car . i am a country girl who likes a truck .	i am not surprised . trucks are very popular among country folks .	funny thing is i am from canada	i think canada is a beautiful country .
ner-0555	hey , nice to meet you . i am in texas . you ?
ner-0556	hello there . where are you from ?	virginia . i am married to barnaby . we love ice cream .	hello there . where are you from ?	virginia . i am married to barnaby . we love ice cream .	i am nearby in pennsylvania . i love ice cream as well .	i love barnaby . we are homebodies .	what are some of your hobbies ?	i knit barnaby whittles . we do not like working out .	that is interesting . were you born in virgina ?	barnaby makes me happy . he likes vanilla ice cream .
ner-0557	good evening how are you ?	i am doing good how are you	good evening how are you ?	i am doing good how are you	i am fine . just playing basketball at the moment	how are you doing that and working on a hit	i am fine . just getting off work	nice where do you work	in nyc for a program that mentors troubled teens	cool i live in nyc i am in queens
ner-0558	hello , how are you today ?	fine how are you on this cold day ?	hello , how are you today ?	fine how are you on this cold day ?	excited , i am going hunting this weekend and the weather is great for it	i love to play my guitar when i am not working as a batista .	what music do you play ? i love church music	gospel music , i share an apartment with my two brothers in chicago .	that is great ! family is so important , i am glad mine are just down the street	that is good , my parents reside in arkansas .
ner-0559	did you know that working at whole foods means you can ride a horse to work ? !	not really , i am studying at the university up state learning biology .	did you know that working at whole foods means you can ride a horse to work ? !	not really , i am studying at the university up state learning biology .	that is cool . hoping to go to med school ?	marine biology actually , still a student but i do not party .	neither do i . instead i paint in my spare time . often times it is a city landscape	that is nice , i was born and raised in the united states have you painted there ?	yup , i live in the us . a major west coast city in fact .	awesome , we should chat more often . well i am very busy with my study .	and i am budy analyzing taylor swift lyrics . did you know they can contain hidden messages ? !	yeah , i play her music to scare whales in deep ocean trenches . .	yea she does have that effect .	one whale died because of us . and we as a class spread lies that it was china .
ner-0560	hi . my name is lottie . i am a real estate agent . what do you do ?	hi , you like purple ? i love it . tracy here and i love pizza . you ?	hi . my name is lottie . i am a real estate agent . what do you do ?	hi , you like purple ? i love it . tracy here and i love pizza . you ?
ner-0561	hey , nice to meet you . what are you hobbies ?	hello , how are you today ? i fight for environmental rights .	hey , nice to meet you . what are you hobbies ?	hello , how are you today ? i fight for environmental rights .	oh cool . i am well . i grew up on a horse ranch . still there .	that sounds neat . i actually work selling homes . so you ranch ?	yes . i love taking care of my horses .	my kids would love to see your horses .	well you are welcome to visit .	thank you . are you considering college ?	oh i already went . this place makes me exercise every day .	i bet it does ! working in real estate is not much exercise .	arming is handful but i do get to cook with stuff from my backyard .	oh i love natural raised foods .	my ranch is big and i can listen to john denver there while i work .
ner-0562	hello , what are you up to ?	hi , not doing much . recovering my brother wedding was saturday	hello , what are you up to ?	hi , not doing much . recovering my brother wedding was saturday	how was it ? i am about to eat some steak	it was too much fun ! steak sounds good	i just grilled it . what do you do for fun ?	i like board games . how about you	camping and hiking are my favorite	i used to go camping in arizona , that is why named my cat arizona
ner-0563	ohio state buckeyes fan jane here . who is out there ?	hey carl here ! i am a huge football fan ! go bears !	ohio state buckeyes fan jane here . who is out there ?	hey carl here ! i am a huge football fan ! go bears !	my factory job allows me weekends off so i get to watch the games . you ?	every week , i also work at a factory doing heavy lifting and delivery	office for me . then home to my garden filled with purple flowers .	you kind of sounds like your single , i am too and love it !	yep . great friends great life . love the outdoors . except water sports !	really ? ! ? ! i love water ! in fact that is the only liquid i will drink !	drinking it is fine . anything larger than a glass terrifies me , lol .	that is funny ! i love swimming at the pool in my gym , it is a great workout	bad childhood experience . never got over it . i wish i could overcome it .	gotcha , i have some of those as well which is why i am single and alone	i hear ya ! it is amazing the stuff we carry through our lives from childhood .	it really is ! it was nice to have met you jane !
ner-0564	hey how are you doing this evening ?
ner-0565	hello . how are you ? tell me about yourself .	hello well i love ice tea , country music , and love traveling hbu ?	hello . how are you ? tell me about yourself .	hello well i love ice tea , country music , and love traveling hbu ?	i am a fan of bluegrass personally . i even play	that is cool , my friends and i love to relax to bluegrass	i get to travel too when i am competing	what do you compete in ? i compete in swimming	i am a skateboarder for a living . i got into it while working at hollister	that is cool , do you live in the states ?	i do . i am from cali . you ?	i live in toronto canada	cool . how is it ? is it cold ?	super cold ! cali sounds nice about right now !
ner-0566	hello there , how are you ?	i am well tell me about yourself ?	hello there , how are you ?	i am well tell me about yourself ?	well , i am in the army and i love to sing at bars . you ?	i work in a program mentoring troubled teens and i love to sing in choir	do you have any pets ?	no i do love animals though	me too ! i want a dog , but unfortunately i am allergic to them .	awe what is your favorite kind of food ? mine is italian	i will eat about anything . but i love pizza !	neato do you have any hobbies ? i have been in taekwondo classes since i was a child	that is great ! i mostly do karaoke . i work out to keep in shape though	that is nice i love working out too	what do you do other than taekwondo ?
ner-0567	hello . i like the outdoors , particularly the arctic .	i actually live in oklahoma and love the outdoors too .	hello . i like the outdoors , particularly the arctic .
ner-0568	hello , how are you doing ?	pretty good . listening to barry manila now
ner-0569	hi my name is john	hi john my name is marie , nice to meet you .	hi my name is john
ner-0570	hello . how are you doing today ?	hey , i am doing good , how are you ?	hello . how are you doing today ?	hey , i am doing good , how are you ?	doing well . just got home from job as a nurse .	ohh , are you exhausted from work ? spicy food makes me feel good after long hours of work .	yes . and i still have to walk my dog , pedro . do you have pets ?	pedro is a great name for a dog . yes , an eagle named pecker .
ner-0571	howdy how are you doing tonight i am doing fine .	i am doing fine too .	howdy how are you doing tonight i am doing fine .
ner-0572	i have not seen my husband in weeks . he always works nights and i do days .	maybe you should get a new husband , i am 40 and still love like i was younger .	i have not seen my husband in weeks . he always works nights and i do days .	maybe you should get a new husband , i am 40 and still love like i was younger .	my three kids would not take to that . plus my cats keep me company	yeah i have kids and got divorced too . so now i hate to stay still .	no need to stay still at my house , always something to clean or a meal to cook	since my kids left i have a lot of time and cash to spend .	well i do work all day and get payed well . . . so cash is not what i need	i would like to give you what you need if i can .	and i would like to bake you a fresh pie covered in whipped cream	i am on my knees stacy praying , i want to be there for you , grow old together .	well i am not poly so i am going to have to decline	aww geez man , i am sorry aw geez .	sorry morty . rick is just a better provider than you are
ner-0573	hello ! i am so happy it is finally fall !	i am too , it really is my favorite season !	hello ! i am so happy it is finally fall !	i am too , it really is my favorite season !	mine too ! the weather is so perfect for ultimate frisbee .	it is also the best season for fashions , my future goals include being a designer !	my future goal is to find a girlfriend for timothy , my turtle .
ner-0574	hello , how are you this evening ?	fine . just got back from the gym . love weightlifting . you ?	hello , how are you this evening ?
ner-0575	i am always trying to reserve for other but how are you	just got off work mcdonalds is not cutting it i might go back to school	i am always trying to reserve for other but how are you	just got off work mcdonalds is not cutting it i might go back to school
ner-0576	hi . i hale from wisconsin . where are you from ?	i am from upstate newyork how is wisconsin ?	hi . i hale from wisconsin . where are you from ?
ner-0577	how are you you tonight ? i am working on some crafts as we talk .	nice , is that what you always do after dinner ?	how are you you tonight ? i am working on some crafts as we talk .
ner-0578	hello , how are you tonight ?	how are you doing this late night let us chat .
ner-0579	hi , how are you tonight	i am fine . just watching some sports .	hi , how are you tonight	i am fine . just watching some sports .	monday night football ? what teams you like	i actually enjoy the steelers , do you ?	no way ! grew up california , i like the chargers	that is great . are you married ?	nope , are you . maybe will meet someone when move nyc jan
ner-0580	hey there how are you ?	hi ! i am well . just tired after a big run this afternoon .
ner-0581	hello tell me about yourself	well i do not like my dad very much , we do not talk	hello tell me about yourself	well i do not like my dad very much , we do not talk	sorry to hear that , i have not talked to my parent is years they live in australia	that sucks , so what do you do for work , i enjoy nursing and work as one	i am currently a stock broker here in cali	whoa big money , i have been at the same job for years	i got to get money so i keep eating my favorite food ! haha	i enjoy onions , they are my favorite , what is your favorite food	mine is eggplant parmigiana , i love italian food
ner-0582	hello , how are you tonight ?
ner-0583	hi my name is marie how are you today ?	hey marie . i am well thank you . how old are you ?	hi my name is marie how are you today ?	hey marie . i am well thank you . how old are you ?
ner-0584	hey i am brianna hows it going	good , name is tom . i work with teens having problems and teach them taekwondo .	hey i am brianna hows it going	good , name is tom . i work with teens having problems and teach them taekwondo .
ner-0585	hello , how are you doing this evening ?	i am good ! and you ?	hello , how are you doing this evening ?
ner-0586	hello . how are you tonight ? i am just doing a bit of web design .	i am good , just lifting weights	hello . how are you tonight ? i am just doing a bit of web design .
ner-0587	i just became a dad for the first time !	i love some luke bryant how about you ?
ner-0588	hi my name is marie how are you today ?	hey marie . i am well thank you . how old are you ?	hi my name is marie how are you today ?
ner-0589	hello , my name is suzanne and you ?	hello , i am patrick . how are you ?
ner-0590	hi , are you looking for a lawyer ?	possibly . i live with my two brothers in chicago . do you practice here ?	hi , are you looking for a lawyer ?	possibly . i live with my two brothers in chicago . do you practice here ?
ner-0591	hello there . where are you from ?	i am from a low income apartment complex in wv	hello there . where are you from ?	i am from a low income apartment complex in wv	interesting . i am not far off , from pa .	i could run to pa it is so close . i am a big runner
ner-0592	hello there , how are you ?	i am well tell me about yourself ?	hello there , how are you ?	i am well tell me about yourself ?	well , i am in the army and i love to sing at bars . you ?	i work in a program mentoring troubled teens and i love to sing in choir	do you have any pets ?	no i do love animals though	me too ! i want a dog , but unfortunately i am allergic to them .	awe what is your favorite kind of food ? mine is italian	i will eat about anything . but i love pizza !	neato do you have any hobbies ? i have been in taekwondo classes since i was a child	that is great ! i mostly do karaoke . i work out to keep in shape though	that is nice i love working out too	what do you do other than taekwondo ?
ner-0593	hello , how are you this evening ?	i am a doing great getting ready to enjoy reading a mystery .	hello , how are you this evening ?
ner-0594	how are you today ? i am doing great myself	i am great ! it is hot here in south carolina today .
ner-0595	hello how are you ?	good . just got done volunteering for the animal shelter . you ?	hello how are you ?	good . just got done volunteering for the animal shelter . you ?	i am currently watching the news i watch it every night	my parents taught and they always use to make me watch . so boring	i think it is good to know what is going on	i would rather hike the mountains near my house and watch the wildlife .	oh i do not go out much i am more of a nerd	what do you like to do ? i love to listen to barry manila
ner-0596	how are you ? where are you from ? i am a male from texas , 28 years old .
ner-0597	hi i am a bit shy but it is nice to meet you	i met alot of shy people when i studied abroad it is ok	hi i am a bit shy but it is nice to meet you	i met alot of shy people when i studied abroad it is ok	where did you study ? my mother studied abroad for her degree	i studied in norway , but i gave it up to chase my dream of making model cars	have you actualized your dream ? i am on the pro circuit of making model spaceships	i had to stop because i just became a father . . . . to 9 puppies by my dog ginger	my mother is a doctor can she adopt one for her experiments ?	maybe . it would cost 1000 trying to recreate the titanic	very costly yes . my mother may be able to genetically reengineer your boys	can she remake jack . i have seen it 10 times
ner-0598	sorry i took so long . there was a bug on my keyboard . i hate bugs .	good evening how are you tonight ?	sorry i took so long . there was a bug on my keyboard . i hate bugs .	good evening how are you tonight ?	better now that the bug is gone and my bacon is done cooking	i do not like bugs either but bacon is good .	what are you up to tonight ?
ner-0599	hi , how are you today ?	doing great , how are you ?	hi , how are you today ?	doing great , how are you ?	it has been rough for me and my sister since our parents dies last year .	i am sorry to hear that , how are you dealing with it ?	it is hard here on edris island , so many memories .	consider going on long walks , it would help clear the mind	i like to take our dog ralph for walks .	same , i have a large dog i take for walks	so what have you been up to lately ?	i have been planning a trip to europe
ner-0600	hi ! how are you tonight ?	good ! how are you doing ?	hi ! how are you tonight ?
ner-0601	hello tell me about yourself	well i do not like my dad very much , we do not talk	hello tell me about yourself	well i do not like my dad very much , we do not talk	sorry to hear that , i have not talked to my parent is years they live in australia	that sucks , so what do you do for work , i enjoy nursing and work as one	i am currently a stock broker here in cali	whoa big money , i have been at the same job for years	i got to get money so i keep eating my favorite food ! haha	i enjoy onions , they are my favorite , what is your favorite food	mine is eggplant parmigiana , i love italian food
ner-0602	i am always trying to reserve for other but how are you	just got off work mcdonalds is not cutting it i might go back to school	i am always trying to reserve for other but how are you	just got off work mcdonalds is not cutting it i might go back to school
ner-0603	hello ! what are you doing ?	i am working on my latest quilt , do you have hobbies ?	hello ! what are you doing ?	i am working on my latest quilt , do you have hobbies ?	yes ! i have exotic fish and just finished cleaning their aquarium .	wow that is a cool bet . do they have names ?	larry moe curly dory and nemo . not original . what kind of quilt are you making ?	lol that is hilarious . it is a patriotic quilt as a present for my dad	that is very sweet . did he serve ?	yes , he is a war vet . i am making it for veterans day	i am sure he will appreciate it . my eldest boy wants to join the air force .	that is something to be proud of . we should all be proud of our military	i agree . it is scary and i am worried , but i agree .	well best of luck to him . i know he must appreciate your support	what branch did your father serve in ?	army . he is from scotland and serving in the army meant a lot to him
ner-0604	hello , how are you today ?	hi . not so hot . i got poison ivy hiking last weekend . how are you ?
ner-0605	good morning . how are you ?	i am alright , how are you ?	good morning . how are you ?	i am alright , how are you ?	up too early , but that is the best time for surfing .	same , i am browsing music while my baby brother takes his nap . what are you up to ?	i am checking my email , to see if anyone has booked me for a photo shoot .	are you a fashion model ?	i am , and an actress . i am moving to nyc in the spring to further my career .	that sounds awesome , i am too short to be one at five foot .	that is hard . my bonus mom is the same height .	i am part of a noise band , we are hoping to play in vegas
ner-0606	i have horses , i love them and work together with them	i just graduated school . i am gonna get married soon	i have horses , i love them and work together with them	i just graduated school . i am gonna get married soon	my other hobbies are cooking by using it from my garden	when i was in hs i played basketball but now i rather watch it on tv	that is so nice , i love john denver by the way	i absolutely love soccer i wish i still played	i know what you mean , i grew up in a horse ranch that is so large .	i wish my childhood was as exciting	do you work out daily ? i do .	yes its a habit i played soccer in hs so i still stick to that regiment
ner-0607	hi there , how are you today ?	i am great ! just got home from working with dogs all day !	hi there , how are you today ?	i am great ! just got home from working with dogs all day !
ner-0608	hi how are you doing tonight ?	not so well with this cold in weather in ohio ? you
ner-0609	hi , do you like sports ? i love softball	i am more of a reader	hi , do you like sports ? i love softball	i am more of a reader	good for you , what do you do for work ?	i work in an office , you ?	i am in a program to help troubled teens	oh , are you a troubled teen ?	no i work with them , i help them . i give them my favorite italian food while break	well good for you . i also love italian	yeah i love cooking italian and singing choir
ner-0610	hi , are you looking for a lawyer ?	possibly . i live with my two brothers in chicago . do you practice here ?	hi , are you looking for a lawyer ?	possibly . i live with my two brothers in chicago . do you practice here ?
ner-0611	hello , how are you today	i am great ! just walked my dog , charlie . how about you ?	hello , how are you today	i am great ! just walked my dog , charlie . how about you ?	i am petting my one and only cat . where are you from	my family and i are from australia . where are you from ?	that is different , i live in seattle and have two roommates
ner-0612	hello , how are you this evening ?	hey , i am good . how about you ?	hello , how are you this evening ?
ner-0613	hello . how are you ? tell me about yourself .	hello well i love ice tea , country music , and love traveling hbu ?	hello . how are you ? tell me about yourself .	hello well i love ice tea , country music , and love traveling hbu ?	i am a fan of bluegrass personally . i even play	that is cool , my friends and i love to relax to bluegrass	i get to travel too when i am competing	what do you compete in ? i compete in swimming	i am a skateboarder for a living . i got into it while working at hollister	that is cool , do you live in the states ?	i do . i am from cali . you ?	i live in toronto canada	cool . how is it ? is it cold ?	super cold ! cali sounds nice about right now !
ner-0614	hi , how are you doing today ?	hey , i am doing good . how about you ? what are you up to ?	hi , how are you doing today ?	hey , i am doing good . how about you ? what are you up to ?	just having a glass of iced tea after a long day . what do you like to drink ?	maybe a nice glass of wine while i finish my eggplant parmigiana for dinner .	sounds yummy are you a vegetarian ?	no , not really . are you ? if i leave some food , my dog charlie will eat it .	no , but many pf my friends from canada are vegan . i love dogs .
ner-0615	i am getting hungry , how about you ?	i just ate with my two boys . i am a single mom .	i am getting hungry , how about you ?	i just ate with my two boys . i am a single mom .	tell me it was vegan food please , that is all i eat .	nope , i am a meat eater . do you drive ? my car is a honda civic .	i drive a truck so i can play my country music everywhere i go .	that is awesome ! i am an accountant . do you like to hike ? i love it .	i cannot hike because i have a disability . i cannot even work much either	sorry to hear that . where are you from ? i am from ohio .	i live in california currently . spend my days knitting for children
ner-0616	hello . how are you ? where are you from ?	hello . i am from the midwest . tell me about you ?
ner-0617	hello ! how are you today ?	i am great ! i just got done with a big biology test . how are you ?	hello ! how are you today ?	i am great ! i just got done with a big biology test . how are you ?	good . just a long day in middle school ! how old are you ?	i am 20 years old and studying in college . and you ?	i am 14 and cannot wait for college ! what are you studying ?	i am studying marine biology . i love marine life and the ocean .	animals do not judge . i am a big fan of dogs ! do not like cats though !	agreed ! i am allergic to cats . what do you want to study in college ?	want to be an actor ! i am a trans boy so i can be whoever in theater !	true . you must have lots of insight into both male and female .	do you like music ? i am a big pink floyd fan !	i love music . pink floyd is pretty great , especially while watching the wizard of oz .
ner-0618	hi i am 14 years old how old are you	i am a 40 year old man .	hi i am 14 years old how old are you	i am a 40 year old man .	i can not wait to see your age i am still a young man in middle school	you should enjoy being young . what do you want to do when you finish school ?	i want to be an big time movie actor what career are you in	i do maintenance and repair on homes . do you plan on attending college ?	yes i want to attend a broadway school pink floyd encouraged that	that is a great option to further your acting career . what do you enjoy doing for fun ?	i like to also play the piano what interest you	i enjoy finding old cars and making them new again . what is your favorite food ?	that is hard work i bet . i like japanese and you	i like to eat animals that i have killed myself . deer mostly , sometimes duck .	i will pass on the cute little deer but duck i can take	i like japanese too , as long as its not seafood . a lot of seafood makes me i will .	i hate the sushi now only steak rice and shrimp from there	i agree with your feeling about sushi . are you japanese ?
ner-0619	hello , how are you doing ?	pretty good . listening to barry manila now
ner-0620	hi , how are you today ?	doing great , how are you ?	hi , how are you today ?	doing great , how are you ?	it has been rough for me and my sister since our parents dies last year .	i am sorry to hear that , how are you dealing with it ?	it is hard here on edris island , so many memories .	consider going on long walks , it would help clear the mind	i like to take our dog ralph for walks .	same , i have a large dog i take for walks	so what have you been up to lately ?	i have been planning a trip to europe
ner-0621	i am male , divorce , 6 grandchildren , ex named doug .	nice to meet you doug . i am lucy	i am male , divorce , 6 grandchildren , ex named doug .	nice to meet you doug . i am lucy
ner-0622	hi . how are you ? sittin on the beach myself .	hello , i am ok just hanging out here . do you have pets ?	hi . how are you ? sittin on the beach myself .
ner-0623	hi how are you ? where do you live ?	doing good . i live in the midwest
ner-0624	hey , how are you doing ? want some granola ?	sure ! i am starring in a play i wrote . can you sing or skate ? i can .	hey , how are you doing ? want some granola ?	sure ! i am starring in a play i wrote . can you sing or skate ? i can .	i can cut hairs . that is mostly it .	hmmm . interesting . i model gloves and sing sappy jingles . i surf too . you surf ?	i like my fish babies , and their fancy fish house .	wow ! i am leaving virginia to move to ny next year . i am from california . you ?
ner-0625	hello , what is your favorite musician ? mine is john denver	do you like eggplant parmigiana , it is my favorite	hello , what is your favorite musician ? mine is john denver	do you like eggplant parmigiana , it is my favorite	yeah they are the best , i eat them at my horse ranch	country road take me home is my favorite song .	nice , i love music , and my horses do too , i love working with them	charlie is the name of my dog , mom and dad is in australia
ner-0626	hello , how are you this evening ?	hi , animal lover here , two hound dogs and a trio of cats .	hello , how are you this evening ?
ner-0627	hey , i am from chicago , how about you ?	i have passed through chicago for work . i am a truck driver
ner-0628	howdy how are you doing tonight i am okay thanks you jesus .	i am doing great . just thinking about my parents . they died years ago	howdy how are you doing tonight i am okay thanks you jesus .
ner-0629	hi , how are you doing today ?	hey , i am doing good . how about you ? what are you up to ?	hi , how are you doing today ?	hey , i am doing good . how about you ? what are you up to ?	just having a glass of iced tea after a long day . what do you like to drink ?	maybe a nice glass of wine while i finish my eggplant parmigiana for dinner .	sounds yummy are you a vegetarian ?	no , not really . are you ? if i leave some food , my dog charlie will eat it .	no , but many pf my friends from canada are vegan . i love dogs .
ner-0630	hi . just chilling to john denver after my work out . how about you ?	hi , just studying for my college exam . hows it going	hi . just chilling to john denver after my work out . how about you ?
ner-0631	hey , do you want to marry me ? i go to college .	sorry , i am in college myself and want to finish my education first .	hey , do you want to marry me ? i go to college .	sorry , i am in college myself and want to finish my education first .	oh , i guess that is fine . where are you from ?	i am in ohio , i play lacrosse for ohio state .	what are you studying ? i am trying to go for marine biology	music theory . i love tupac , so i want to incorporate it into therapy sessions .
ner-0632	how is this lovely evening treating you ?
ner-0633	i am from a large family with 6 sisters and us 2 boys .	do you have any plans this weekend ?
ner-0634	hello , do you like music ? i really like the music of bach .	i do enjoy classical music !	hello , do you like music ? i really like the music of bach .	i do enjoy classical music !	i like to listen to bach outside in the evening , but hate the bugs .
ner-0635	hey i am brianna hows it going	hi i am fine let us get to know each other some .	hey i am brianna hows it going	hi i am fine let us get to know each other some .	okay well i work in healthcare what about you	brianna is a beautiful name i work as a nurses aid with older people .
ner-0636	hello ! how was your day ?	hi i am joanna and i just graduated from usc . how are you ?
ner-0637	hello , how are you tonight ? are you a gamer like me ?
ner-0638	i do not see the point in a drivers license in ny
ner-0639	hi there ! where are you from ?	mississippi . best jazz around ! how about you ?
ner-0640	hey there like to workout ?	not really . i enjoy video games and reading mostly . do you workout ?	hey there like to workout ?	not really . i enjoy video games and reading mostly . do you workout ?	yes i do all the time	are you a bodybuilder ? what do you do for a living ?	no no body builder but i am a vegan	that is interesting . i am also a vegan and a vet . i love animals .	really wow , any siblings ? all i have is my dad an bro	a sister in california , where we grew up . i am in florida now . you ?	i like to listen to trap queen an gucci do you ?	yes ! i rap on the weekends myself too . my friends like country , boo .	really ? going to watch gucci get married tomorrow ? 10 17	i did not even know gucci was getting married . who to ?
ner-0641	hi i am darlene and my family comes from canada .
ner-0642	hello , my name is jonas , how are you doing today ?	bad , i am broke and my low income apartment has rent due tomorrow	hello , my name is jonas , how are you doing today ?
ner-0643	hey , i am from chicago , how about you ?
ner-0644	hello . how are you ? my 3 girls are driving me crazy ! haha	i am 12 , so i probably drive my mom crazy , too ! rollercoasters are awesome !	hello . how are you ? my 3 girls are driving me crazy ! haha	i am 12 , so i probably drive my mom crazy , too ! rollercoasters are awesome !	rollercoasters are ok . i like concert way better .	i am going to see taylor swift in concert in california next week !
ner-0645	hey there , are you a fellow student ?	no i am not . i graduated in may . you ?	hey there , are you a fellow student ?	no i am not . i graduated in may . you ?	i am still a student , although struggling . congrats on graduating	thank you . how old are you ?	i am a 40 year old student . engaged to my live in girlfriend . u in relationship ?	i am 24 , i was with my ex for 4 years , he is engaged with another one .	bummer . fave things ? mine are my dog , max , and traveling and adventuring .	i love traveling too . have you ever been to egypt or dubai ?
ner-0646	ohio state buckeyes fan jane here . who is out there ?	hey carl here ! i am a huge football fan ! go bears !	ohio state buckeyes fan jane here . who is out there ?	hey carl here ! i am a huge football fan ! go bears !	my factory job allows me weekends off so i get to watch the games . you ?	every week , i also work at a factory doing heavy lifting and delivery	office for me . then home to my garden filled with purple flowers .	you kind of sounds like your single , i am too and love it !	yep . great friends great life . love the outdoors . except water sports !	really ? ! ? ! i love water ! in fact that is the only liquid i will drink !	drinking it is fine . anything larger than a glass terrifies me , lol .	that is funny ! i love swimming at the pool in my gym , it is a great workout	bad childhood experience . never got over it . i wish i could overcome it .	gotcha , i have some of those as well which is why i am single and alone	i hear ya ! it is amazing the stuff we carry through our lives from childhood .	it really is ! it was nice to have met you jane !
ner-0647	howdy how are you doing tonight i am okay thanks you jesus .	i am doing great . just thinking about my parents . they died years ago	howdy how are you doing tonight i am okay thanks you jesus .
ner-0648	good evening how are you ?	i am doing ok and you	good evening how are you ?	i am doing ok and you	i am fine hanging in there playing video games	cool what are you playing	call of duty i love call of duty	which one are you playing and for what system	its for xbox 360 and its modern warfare	i never play modern warfare but i love the first black ops	its very addicting tho . i love it .	yeah i know what you mean	so where are you from	i am from new york and you ?	i am originally from california bit live in florida
ner-0649	how are you doing today ?	good and you ? i just got home from canada .
ner-0650	hi ! i am a 17 year old hippie , complete with the vw beetle !
ner-0651	hello there . where are you from ?	virginia . i am married to barnaby . we love ice cream .	hello there . where are you from ?	virginia . i am married to barnaby . we love ice cream .	i am nearby in pennsylvania . i love ice cream as well .	i love barnaby . we are homebodies .	what are some of your hobbies ?	i knit barnaby whittles . we do not like working out .	that is interesting . were you born in virgina ?	barnaby makes me happy . he likes vanilla ice cream .
ner-0652	hello . how are you this evening ?	i am doing fine . you ?	hello . how are you this evening ?
ner-0653	what up ! bruce here . ex marine , one leg and agent put me in a wheelchair .	interesting combo . i am a big robert frost fan .	what up ! bruce here . ex marine , one leg and agent put me in a wheelchair .
ner-0654	hey how are you today ?	backpacking through europe . love it ! i am in italy now .	hey how are you today ?	backpacking through europe . love it ! i am in italy now .
ner-0655	hey there like to workout ?	not really . i enjoy video games and reading mostly . do you workout ?	hey there like to workout ?	not really . i enjoy video games and reading mostly . do you workout ?	yes i do all the time	are you a bodybuilder ? what do you do for a living ?	no no body builder but i am a vegan	that is interesting . i am also a vegan and a vet . i love animals .	really wow , any siblings ? all i have is my dad an bro	a sister in california , where we grew up . i am in florida now . you ?	i like to listen to trap queen an gucci do you ?	yes ! i rap on the weekends myself too . my friends like country , boo .	really ? going to watch gucci get married tomorrow ? 10 17	i did not even know gucci was getting married . who to ?
ner-0656	hey there , are you a fellow student ?	no i am not . i graduated in may . you ?	hey there , are you a fellow student ?	no i am not . i graduated in may . you ?	i am still a student , although struggling . congrats on graduating	thank you . how old are you ?	i am a 40 year old student . engaged to my live in girlfriend . u in relationship ?	i am 24 , i was with my ex for 4 years , he is engaged with another one .	bummer . fave things ? mine are my dog , max , and traveling and adventuring .	i love traveling too . have you ever been to egypt or dubai ?
ner-0657	hello ! what are you doing ?	i am working on my latest quilt , do you have hobbies ?	hello ! what are you doing ?	i am working on my latest quilt , do you have hobbies ?	yes ! i have exotic fish and just finished cleaning their aquarium .	wow that is a cool bet . do they have names ?	larry moe curly dory and nemo . not original . what kind of quilt are you making ?	lol that is hilarious . it is a patriotic quilt as a present for my dad	that is very sweet . did he serve ?	yes , he is a war vet . i am making it for veterans day	i am sure he will appreciate it . my eldest boy wants to join the air force .	that is something to be proud of . we should all be proud of our military	i agree . it is scary and i am worried , but i agree .	well best of luck to him . i know he must appreciate your support	what branch did your father serve in ?	army . he is from scotland and serving in the army meant a lot to him
ner-0658	hey whats up ? i just got home from the gym .	right now i am attending school . i like msic .	hey whats up ? i just got home from the gym .	right now i am attending school . i like msic .	awesome bro . i quite school to work and earn money .	my family consists of 4 , myself , one sibling , and 2 parents .	i hate families . i prefer to be alone .	i am short at 5 ft tall . how about you ?	i am 5 ft and 6 in tall . i weigh 220 pounds and its all muscle .	that sounds very nice , yes .	what is your favorite drink ? mine has to be water . i love water	i love pepsi , it is the best .
ner-0659	how are you tonight ? are you interested in fitness ?	i am great , how are you ? i like to workout .	how are you tonight ? are you interested in fitness ?	i am great , how are you ? i like to workout .	i am doing well . i put on a lot of weight , so now i work out regularly .	while i am still young i am building up my muscle .	fortunately , i have a house on the beach , so i get to swim daily .	my down fall is that i love tea .	well , tea is more healthy than a lot of things . what do you do for work ?	i do web design and what do you do ?	i teach kindergarten . my students think i am cool because i drive a mustang convertible .	yes very nice car . i am a country girl who likes a truck .	i am not surprised . trucks are very popular among country folks .	funny thing is i am from canada	i think canada is a beautiful country .
ner-0660	hello , how are you this afternoon ?
ner-0661	good evening ! how are you today ?	i am fine i have to make sure all my babies are healthy	good evening ! how are you today ?	i am fine i have to make sure all my babies are healthy	i stay healthy by surfing and i do skate as well .	i do not have time for surfing with my pediatrician carrer	i model high end fashion and occasionally i act , too .	wow i am , in the presents of a model	yes but do not count on me to sing for you . that is not my thing .	when i am not in the doctors office i play jazz	when i move to nyc , i hope to hear some jazz on the streets .	i live in new nyc i pay the jazz in the park sometimes	maybe we will bump into each other . it will be a change from california .	small world . i just left all my vintage cars in cali	vintage cars are awesome ! i spent my entire youth in cali .
ner-0662	hello , how are you this evening ?
ner-0663	good morning ! where are you from ?	from texas . a large house ranch was where i was raised .	good morning ! where are you from ?	from texas . a large house ranch was where i was raised .
ner-0664	how are you doing today ?	i am great ! how are you doing on this fine evening ?	how are you doing today ?	i am great ! how are you doing on this fine evening ?
ner-0665	good morning , it is beautiful today . do you swim to school ?	good morning to you ! no , i ice skate to college .	good morning , it is beautiful today . do you swim to school ?
ner-0666	hi how are you ? my left leg is in pain daily .	ouch , why is it painful ?	hi how are you ? my left leg is in pain daily .	ouch , why is it painful ?	old age ! i hope i can retire soon ! do you also ?	ah , what do you do for work ?	i love riding horses ! when leg is better i will do so ! do you like horses ?	i do , but i prefer carpentry projects or family time	i love horses and facial hair ! do you like mustaches ?	i have one , but my family hates it . do you	i also like family time ! do you have a big family ?	is three a lot ? do you have kids ?	have you ever visited australia ? i plan to go !	i do not have many friends to travel with . why australia
ner-0667	hello , how are you tonight ? are you watching the office
ner-0668	hi i am from wisconsin and i do management consulting .	hello , i am a web designer .	hi i am from wisconsin and i do management consulting .
ner-0669	hey i am brianna hows it going	hi i am fine let us get to know each other some .	hey i am brianna hows it going	hi i am fine let us get to know each other some .	okay well i work in healthcare what about you	brianna is a beautiful name i work as a nurses aid with older people .
ner-0670	i am from a large family with 6 sisters and us 2 boys .	do you have any plans this weekend ?
ner-0671	hello , how are you doing ?	pretty good . listening to barry manila now
ner-0672	i have not seen my husband in weeks . he always works nights and i do days .	maybe you should get a new husband , i am 40 and still love like i was younger .	i have not seen my husband in weeks . he always works nights and i do days .	maybe you should get a new husband , i am 40 and still love like i was younger .	my three kids would not take to that . plus my cats keep me company	yeah i have kids and got divorced too . so now i hate to stay still .	no need to stay still at my house , always something to clean or a meal to cook	since my kids left i have a lot of time and cash to spend .	well i do work all day and get payed well . . . so cash is not what i need	i would like to give you what you need if i can .	and i would like to bake you a fresh pie covered in whipped cream	i am on my knees stacy praying , i want to be there for you , grow old together .	well i am not poly so i am going to have to decline	aww geez man , i am sorry aw geez .	sorry morty . rick is just a better provider than you are
ner-0673	hi i am joanna . i sing blues professionally	oh that is cool . i can do your hair before a show . hair stylist here haha	hi i am joanna . i sing blues professionally	oh that is cool . i can do your hair before a show . hair stylist here haha	great ! i do work on my fathers hobby farm in my spare time	oh that sounds like hard work . can i bring all 3 of my dogs to the farm ?	sure ! my mom teaches music . i discovered in her class that i had singing talent	oh wow . i gotta hear you sing one day haha	can you dye hair too ? i was going to dye my hair purple for my next show	yes i do everything . except sunday . that is when i watch football	sunday is when i watch horror films . so that is out for me too .
ner-0674	hello ! are you listening to music this morning ? i love country	no but i am eating eggplant parmigiana !	hello ! are you listening to music this morning ? i love country
ner-0675	hello ! i am so happy it is finally fall !	i am too , it really is my favorite season !	hello ! i am so happy it is finally fall !	i am too , it really is my favorite season !	mine too ! the weather is so perfect for ultimate frisbee .	it is also the best season for fashions , my future goals include being a designer !	my future goal is to find a girlfriend for timothy , my turtle .
ner-0676	hello how are you this morning	i am good . going to the gym in a few minutes	hello how are you this morning	i am good . going to the gym in a few minutes	good for you , that is very healthy . i am busy watching fox news
ner-0677	hi . how are you ? my name is joanna	i am doing well . my name is rachel . yourself ?	hi . how are you ? my name is joanna	i am doing well . my name is rachel . yourself ?	where did you go to college ?	i am still attending at cypress . i binge eat a lot because of this .	i have a degree in psychology from usc , but i am a professional singer	oh damn . tha a t is awesome ! i wish i could do that for a living .	where are you from ? i am from south carolina . i love the south !
ner-0678	hello how are you today	tired from working the night shift . i like nursing , but it is tiring .	hello how are you today	tired from working the night shift . i like nursing , but it is tiring .	nursing is an honorable profession	what do you do for a living ? i been a nurse a long time .	i am heavy into fitness although i am rather large .	any other hobbies ? i like to cook .	what is your favorite dish to cook	i adore anything with onions . do you eat healthy ?	yes , i attempt to eat healthy but i have my moments	do you have family ? i do not get along with dad .	i swim everyday because i am located by the sea .	where do you live ? i work in the city .	i live in california . i work in the city as well
ner-0679	did you know that working at whole foods means you can ride a horse to work ? !	not really , i am studying at the university up state learning biology .	did you know that working at whole foods means you can ride a horse to work ? !	not really , i am studying at the university up state learning biology .	that is cool . hoping to go to med school ?	marine biology actually , still a student but i do not party .	neither do i . instead i paint in my spare time . often times it is a city landscape	that is nice , i was born and raised in the united states have you painted there ?	yup , i live in the us . a major west coast city in fact .	awesome , we should chat more often . well i am very busy with my study .	and i am budy analyzing taylor swift lyrics . did you know they can contain hidden messages ? !	yeah , i play her music to scare whales in deep ocean trenches . .	yea she does have that effect .	one whale died because of us . and we as a class spread lies that it was china .	i once had a horse die on me because of taylor swift . blamed in on china
ner-0680	hi . i am sheila . i an 12 .	hey i am brian i am 14
ner-0681	hey there how are you ?	not bad its a beautiful night in california and you ?	hey there how are you ?	not bad its a beautiful night in california and you ?
ner-0682	hello , how are you tonight ?	eating some yummy eggplant parmigiana . it is so good .	hello , how are you tonight ?
ner-0683	do you have a favorite sport ?	no time for sports since i am constantly working as an engineer . you ?	do you have a favorite sport ?	no time for sports since i am constantly working as an engineer . you ?	i love playing extreme frisbee .	that is awesome ! i would be afraid of all the insects while playing	i am too salty from eating sardines for breakfast every day .	well that sounds gross . i prefer bacon	the doctor said i should not eat them because of my surgery .	what surgery did you have ?	i had gastric bypass surgery .	good for you . i heard that classical music helps healing . i like bach	i prefer rock music , but classical is ok .	english is my first language but my friend who speaks spanish also likes classical	i never learned another language . i dropped out of high school before it came up .	i never did either . just english for me
ner-0684	hello , what is your favorite musician ? mine is john denver	do you like eggplant parmigiana , it is my favorite	hello , what is your favorite musician ? mine is john denver
ner-0685	hello ! i am so happy it is finally fall !	i am too , it really is my favorite season !	hello ! i am so happy it is finally fall !	i am too , it really is my favorite season !	mine too ! the weather is so perfect for ultimate frisbee .	it is also the best season for fashions , my future goals include being a designer !	my future goal is to find a girlfriend for timothy , my turtle .
ner-0686	hello how are you today	i am doing well , and you ?	hello how are you today	i am doing well , and you ?	i am doing great ! its my favorite time of the year	mine as well , i plan to walk my two dogs later today	what kind of dogs do you have ? the only pet i have is a turtle	i have a german shepards , what is your turtles name ?
ner-0687	hi there how are you doing ?	i am good . just put my boys to bed . how are you ?	hi there how are you doing ?	i am good . just put my boys to bed . how are you ?	good just listening to metallica with 2 my brothers	i actually like to listen to them while hiking . what do you do for fun ?	i do you like hiking in the cold or snow ? i love them both	i am from ohio so its usually pretty cold . i do not mind it
ner-0688	hi i am darlene and my family comes from canada .
ner-0689	did you know that working at whole foods means you can ride a horse to work ? !	not really , i am studying at the university up state learning biology .	did you know that working at whole foods means you can ride a horse to work ? !	not really , i am studying at the university up state learning biology .	that is cool . hoping to go to med school ?	marine biology actually , still a student but i do not party .	neither do i . instead i paint in my spare time . often times it is a city landscape	that is nice , i was born and raised in the united states have you painted there ?	yup , i live in the us . a major west coast city in fact .	awesome , we should chat more often . well i am very busy with my study .	and i am budy analyzing taylor swift lyrics . did you know they can contain hidden messages ? !	yeah , i play her music to scare whales in deep ocean trenches . .	yea she does have that effect .	one whale died because of us . and we as a class spread lies that it was china .
ner-0690	hello ! how are you today ?	i am great ! i just got done with a big biology test . how are you ?	hello ! how are you today ?	i am great ! i just got done with a big biology test . how are you ?	good . just a long day in middle school ! how old are you ?	i am 20 years old and studying in college . and you ?	i am 14 and cannot wait for college ! what are you studying ?	i am studying marine biology . i love marine life and the ocean .	animals do not judge . i am a big fan of dogs ! do not like cats though !	agreed ! i am allergic to cats . what do you want to study in college ?	want to be an actor ! i am a trans boy so i can be whoever in theater !	true . you must have lots of insight into both male and female .	do you like music ? i am a big pink floyd fan !	i love music . pink floyd is pretty great , especially while watching the wizard of oz .	wow you read my mind ! ! !	trans boy , theater , pink floyd , wizard of oz . of course !
ner-0691	hi i am joanna . i sing blues professionally	oh that is cool . i can do your hair before a show . hair stylist here haha	hi i am joanna . i sing blues professionally	oh that is cool . i can do your hair before a show . hair stylist here haha	great ! i do work on my fathers hobby farm in my spare time	oh that sounds like hard work . can i bring all 3 of my dogs to the farm ?	sure ! my mom teaches music . i discovered in her class that i had singing talent	oh wow . i gotta hear you sing one day haha	can you dye hair too ? i was going to dye my hair purple for my next show	yes i do everything . except sunday . that is when i watch football	sunday is when i watch horror films . so that is out for me too .
ner-0692	hello how are you tonight ?
ner-0693	hello ! are you listening to music this morning ? i love country	no but i am eating eggplant parmigiana !	hello ! are you listening to music this morning ? i love country
ner-0694	hello i am ray i am 20 years old	that is ironic , my dad is named ray . he lives with my mom in australia	hello i am ray i am 20 years old	that is ironic , my dad is named ray . he lives with my mom in australia	i just entered the army 6 months ago , i deployed to south korea	do they serve eggplant parmigiana in south korea ? that is my favorite food	no they do not serve that here , but they do in puerto rico , was born there
ner-0695	hey how are you today ?	backpacking through europe . love it ! i am in italy now .
ner-0696	i think i pulled a muscle on a hike . ever done that ?	yes , i have . on a hike for my homeschool biology class , to a waterfall .	i think i pulled a muscle on a hike . ever done that ?	yes , i have . on a hike for my homeschool biology class , to a waterfall .	that sounds amazing , do you hike a lot ?	when i can , i live in northern cali .	no way , i follow some rappers in cali ! do you like rap ?
ner-0697	its fall ! finally time for the snow to come ! !	i am from australia so i lobe a good snowfall
ner-0698	hello . i like the outdoors , particularly the arctic .	i actually live in oklahoma and love the outdoors too .	hello . i like the outdoors , particularly the arctic .
ner-0699	hi ! what do you like to do ? i like reading and video games	hello . i do not really play video games , but i am a big movie fan .	hi ! what do you like to do ? i like reading and video games	hello . i do not really play video games , but i am a big movie fan .	i like to read drama books that are sometimes made into movies	that is interesting . my favorite movie is napoleon dynamite . i even named my dog pedro .	haha funny . i love dogs since i am a veterinarian .	oh wow ! i wanted to be a vet when i was a kid . i work in healthcare .	cool ! i live in florida so lots of doctors here	very nice , i love florida . what are your hobbies ? i enjoy baking , my favorite are muffins .	i travel back to my home state of california and read	so you have family in california ?
ner-0700	hey , nice to meet you . i am in texas . you ?
ner-0701	do you have any pets ? i have a cat	i have a dog . it is perfect for my single life	do you have any pets ? i have a cat	i have a dog . it is perfect for my single life	what is your dogs name ? my cat is arizona	jerry . i used to live in arizona . now i am living in new york .
ner-0702	hi , how are you this morning ?	i am fine . i am getting off my job just now .	hi , how are you this morning ?
ner-0703	hello ! i am so happy it is finally fall !	i am too , it really is my favorite season !	hello ! i am so happy it is finally fall !	i am too , it really is my favorite season !	mine too ! the weather is so perfect for ultimate frisbee .	it is also the best season for fashions , my future goals include being a designer !	my future goal is to find a girlfriend for timothy , my turtle .
ner-0704	hello there . where are you from ?	i am from a low income apartment complex in wv
ner-0705	hi this is josh . just got out of class . i am a law student .
ner-0706	hey , how are you doing ? want some granola ?	sure ! i am starring in a play i wrote . can you sing or skate ? i can .	hey , how are you doing ? want some granola ?	sure ! i am starring in a play i wrote . can you sing or skate ? i can .	i can cut hairs . that is mostly it .	hmmm . interesting . i model gloves and sing sappy jingles . i surf too . you surf ?	i like my fish babies , and their fancy fish house .	wow ! i am leaving virginia to move to ny next year . i am from california . you ?
ner-0707	hi , i am 20 years old and i am a guy , who are you ?	i am a 19 year old girl studying fashion design	hi , i am 20 years old and i am a guy , who are you ?	i am a 19 year old girl studying fashion design	nice i am in the army and i am in south korea now
ner-0708	hi how are you ? i am in jail right now .	i am good . . . not in jail , lol .	hi how are you ? i am in jail right now .	i am good . . . not in jail , lol .	i stole a water bottle from the store and ended up here .	oh . i am a managerial consultant in wisconsin .	wow ! i have always wanted to be a fashion designer .	maybe once you get out of jail you can be .	yeah but my ex boyfriend from high school is dating my best friend now .	oh that stinks . i am single .	i am too , i think it is my parents fault	what type of music do you listen to ?	i really like pop . you ?	i like rock and pop . metallica is my favorite .	i like metallica too but my future kids probably will not .
ner-0709	hello , how are you today ?	great ! how are you ?	hello , how are you today ?	great ! how are you ?	i am doing well ! listening to tim mcgraw . he is my favorite singer .	heart is my favorite band , but i like some country too .	what do you do for a living ?	i am a mom to three kids so whatever i need to . you	i am an olympic medal bodybuilder and i blog about rabbit rescues .	my girls want a pet rabbit soon , any advice ?	have a sturdy cage and always make sure they have food and water .	how did you start body building ? that is quite impressive too	teddy roosevelt did it , and he is my idol . who is your idol ?
ner-0710	hello how are you ?	good . just got done volunteering for the animal shelter . you ?	hello how are you ?	good . just got done volunteering for the animal shelter . you ?	i am currently watching the news i watch it every night	my parents taught and they always use to make me watch . so boring	i think it is good to know what is going on	i would rather hike the mountains near my house and watch the wildlife .	oh i do not go out much i am more of a nerd	what do you like to do ? i love to listen to barry manila
ner-0711	hi i am 14 years old how old are you	i am a 40 year old man .	hi i am 14 years old how old are you	i am a 40 year old man .	i can not wait to see your age i am still a young man in middle school	you should enjoy being young . what do you want to do when you finish school ?	i want to be an big time movie actor what career are you in	i do maintenance and repair on homes . do you plan on attending college ?	yes i want to attend a broadway school pink floyd encouraged that	that is a great option to further your acting career . what do you enjoy doing for fun ?	i like to also play the piano what interest you	i enjoy finding old cars and making them new again . what is your favorite food ?	that is hard work i bet . i like japanese and you	i like to eat animals that i have killed myself . deer mostly , sometimes duck .	i will pass on the cute little deer but duck i can take	i like japanese too , as long as its not seafood . a lot of seafood makes me i will .	i hate the sushi now only steak rice and shrimp from there	i agree with your feeling about sushi . are you japanese ?
